['Emmy-nominated Kevin Spacey tours the set of Netflix\'s original series "House of Cards."', "Justin Timberlake and Jesse Eisenberg explain their part in  David Fincher's  film", "with the dragon tattoo. The violent thriller that's being deemed the feel bad thriller of Christmas. The director  David Fincher  apparently told them that used to fit to play. Journalists. Yeah. Outlaw yeah David and And finally everybody a ", "thriller that's being deemed the feel bad thriller of Christmas. The director David Fincher apparently told them that used to fit to play. Journalists. -- -- -- Yeah. Outlaw yeah David -- and -- And finally ", 'with another groovy but we can talk about that video did you not read. The book were already disturbing. And boy  David Fincher  has really put together a wonderful It was at its offense I think I think probably my favorite movies a year I think ', 'video did you not read. The book were already disturbing. And boy David Fincher has really put together a wonderful -- It was at its offense I think I think probably my favorite movies a year ', "the script for the social network and heard about I watched. It's called me on Internet. The movie's director  David Fincher  you liked what he saw casting her as the girl with the dragon tattoo. We need to Do you daughter forever branding ", "I watched. It's called me -- -- on Internet. The movie's director David Fincher you liked what he saw casting her as the girl with the dragon tattoo. We need to -- -- Do you -- ", "in the race the east. The King's Speech against social network and what does this mean social network directed by  David Fincher . The movie that's a part of new Hollywood. The one that says I'm going to be hard I'm gonna be bold on used ", "against social network and what does this mean social network directed by David Fincher . The movie that's a part of new Hollywood. The one that says I'm going to be hard I'm gonna be bold on ", "director and going are you social network best director best picture I think that's relatively likely I think I think  David Fincher  definitely has a good chance of winning for something like that and I think king's speech certainly looks strong ", "picture -- -- I think that's relatively likely I think I think David Fincher definitely has a good chance of winning for something like that and I think king's speech certainly looks strong for best picture ", "from this the same way. I thought she was gonna go to  David Fincher  I thought that film was so well rounded and well and I guess that's why one editing by.  David Fincher  is one of the great filmmakers working today. Tom is ", "from this the same way. I thought she was gonna go to David Fincher I thought that film was so well rounded and well -- and I guess that's why one -- editing by. David Fincher is one of the great filmmakers working today. Tom -- is it is is talented filmmakers well deserving but I just I ", 'service is reportedly in talks to acquire a new TV series starring Kevin Spacey and directed by the social networks  David Fincher . This would be the first time a program would be streamed on Netflix before seen anywhere else. And it seems like ', 'new TV series starring Kevin Spacey and directed by the social networks David Fincher . This would be the first time a program would be streamed on Netflix before -- seen anywhere else. And it seems like ', "spells out it's. And then how you are walking our Eduardo early investors. Of FaceBook didn't but doesn't.  David Fincher  the director. Is it true he had you all do take after take after take hundreds of takes. I had like like thousands ", "Eduardo -- -- -- -- early investors. Of FaceBook didn't but doesn't. David Fincher the director. Is it true he had you all do take after take after take hundreds of takes. I had like like ", "it Words speak just as loud as actions and the perfect balance is achieved through a collaboration between director  David Fincher . And writer Aaron sort. Continues even what's got to do when a guy's first question is a vampire. I need. At ", "actions and the perfect balance is achieved through a collaboration between director David Fincher . And writer Aaron sort. Continues even what's -- got to do when a guy's first question is a vampire. I need. At ", 'involved with both network the whole My my recommendation to anybody who want to get an Oscar nomination has worked with  David Fincher . It it was just triumph of Eight nominations in all of course for your film and and you made a movie about a guy who ', 'to anybody who want to get an Oscar nomination has worked with David Fincher . It it was just -- triumph of -- Eight nominations in all of course for your film -- and and -- you ', "up for best director heavyweights there. I know I know and and you certainly you know you got people like there not  David Fincher  and Tom Hooper. And enjoy anything Conan got overlooked by the Golden Globes as well it's so good that even someone ", "you know you got people like there -- -- not -- -- David Fincher and Tom Hooper. And enjoy anything Conan got overlooked by the Golden Globes as well it's so good that even someone like ", 'achievement in directing. Daryn not speak for Black Swan. David O. Russell for the fighter. Tom Hooper for the speech.  David Fincher  for the social network. And Cohen anything calling for true grit. The best original screenplay. The nominees Mike ', 'David O. Russell for the fighter. Tom Hooper for the -- speech. David Fincher for the social network. And -- Cohen anything calling for true grit. The best original screenplay. The nominees -- Mike Leigh for ', "92 right okay well a little while and through an unbeaten when I was brought in to take over black white David Lynch  David Fincher . They're like five directors on and Michael would show up and the company propaganda would need to deal with with ", "I was brought in to take over black -- white David Lynch David Fincher . They're like five directors on -- and Michael would show up and the company propaganda would need to deal with with Sony ", "lips yet seen and it's called the social network and it's about the beginnings of faithful. It is directed by  David Fincher  who fight club and Benjamin button and it starts Jesse Eisenberg. As Mark Zuckerberg who is the fact there are I think ", "network and it's about the beginnings of faithful. It is directed by David Fincher who -- fight club and Benjamin button and it starts Jesse Eisenberg. As Mark Zuckerberg who is the fact there are -- ", "because documentary. It was FaceBook and then we have and so he's a yes FaceBook movie the social network directed by  David Fincher  it's a story of how FaceBook came to fruition and I Jesse Eisenberg stars and I think Chevrolet name yes and now ", "so he's a yes -- FaceBook movie the social network directed by David Fincher it's a story of how FaceBook came to fruition -- and I Jesse Eisenberg stars and I think Chevrolet name yes and ", 'could replace directing the movie so yes. Room director  David Fincher  is working with his fight club star Brad Pitt in our here this is going to be huge and the Oscars this is  David Fincher  adapting a story by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Little known ', "the playwright who could replace directing the movie so yes. Room director David Fincher is -- working with his fight club star Brad Pitt in our next movie. What can we expect from The Curious Case of Benjamin Button on this movie I'm excited about I think this is the movie -- to predict things that are just absurd to predict so early in the year but I think that this is going to sit here this is going to be huge and the Oscars this is David Fincher adapting a story by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Little known by people but about Brad Pitt's character Benjamin button who's born any -- ", 'soul and into trying to capture this guy. Ultimately. He suffered kind of persecution over and and exercise with  David Fincher  and that cats and a great script it was going to be quite And you knew that it had something with a mysteries built ', 'guy. Ultimately. He suffered kind of persecution over and and exercise with David Fincher and that cats and a great script it was going to be quite -- -- And you knew that it had something ']