['Original Score: "The Artist." 15. Original Song: "Man or Muppet" from "The Muppets." 16. Adapted Screenplay:  Alexander Payne , Nat Faxon and Jim Rash, "The Descendants." 17. Original Screenplay: Woody Allen, "Midnight in Paris ', 'ceremony. On the index, "The Artist" director Michel Hazanavicius overtook Martin Scorsese who directed "Hugo" and  Alexander Payne  who directed "The Descendants" as of this morning. CLICK HERE FOR ABC NEWS\' OSCAR STOCK MARKET INDEX "Descendants ', 'Index, Hazanavicius overtook the lead from "Hugo" director Martin Scorsese after he took a 12 percent dive, while  Alexander Payne , who directed "The Descendants," was slowly gaining. "These front races are so close," Adams said, "there ', 'Egypt. Famous Birthdays 1930 E.L. Konigsburg 1930 Robert Wagner 1950 Mark Spitz 1951 Bob Iger 1955 Jim Cramer 1961  Alexander Payne  1961 George Stephanopoulos 1964 Glenn Beck 1967 Laura Dern 1974 Elizabeth Banks 1991 Emma Roberts 1997 Chloe Moretz ', 'The Descendants" Jim Burke,  Alexander Payne  and Jim Taylor, Producers "Extremely Hazanavicius "The Descendants"  Alexander Payne  "Hugo" Martin Scorsese "Midnight The Descendants" Screenplay by  Alexander Payne  and Nat Faxon & Jim Rash "Hugo ', 'Cannes Film Festival - both good signs that the film will clean up in Oscar nods. Another top contender should be  Alexander Payne \'s "The Descendants." The George Clooney family comedy-drama has been a critic\'s darling since it debuted ', 'establishment directors, French film director Michel Hazanavicius has the edge, having helmed one of the front-runners.  Alexander Payne , the director of "The Descendants" is more likely to be the spoiler than "Hugo" director Martin Scorsese, who ', 'The Ides of March Michel Hazanvicius, The Artist  Alexander Payne , The Descendants Best Performance By An Actress In The Ides of March Michel Hazanavicius, The Artist  Alexander Payne , Nat Faxon, Jim Rash, The Descendants Steven Zaillian ', 'awards season. At the Globes, in the drama category, it will come down to "The Descendants" and "The Help."  Alexander Payne \'s offbeat drama starring George Clooney has the edge. "The Hollywood Foreign Press has not always responded well ', 'best film, comedy or musical category, at the Globes, it will come down to "The Descendants" and "The Help."  Alexander Payne \'s offbeat drama starring George Clooney has the edge. "The Hollywood Foreign Press has not always responded well ', 'said ABC\'s film critic David Blaustein. "I think \'The Descendants \'really had a very nice story to tell.  Alexander Payne , the director, is coming back. It\'s his first movie since \'Sideways,\'" Wheat said. " I really like \'The ', 'Nominees : Martin Scorsese, "The Aviator"; Clint Eastwood, "Million Dollar Baby"; Taylor Hackford, "Ray";  Alexander Payne , "Sideways"; Mike Leigh, "Vera Drake" No one denies that Scorsese is owed an Oscar. But so were Alfred Hitchcock ', 'Best Director: Martin Scorsese, "The Aviator" Clint Eastwood, "Million Dollar Baby" Taylor Hackford, "Ray"  Alexander Payne , "Sideways" Mike Leigh, "Vera Drake" Best Actor: Don Cheadle, "Hotel Rwanda" Johnny Depp, "Finding Neverland ', "family crisis it's also pretty funny. And that mixture of laughter during difficult times is something the director  Alexander Payne  is known where he joins us now we've been celebrated descendants here. How exciting here haven't Israel it's ", "And that mixture of laughter during difficult times is something the director Alexander Payne is known where he joins us now we've been celebrated descendants here. How exciting here -- -- -- haven't Israel it's great ", "And being an actor first thirty some odd years that the big. Part of the process and and they say you know. I mean  Alexander Payne  and descendants is like that's the single most essential piece of the puzzle on the fighting those kids look. We ", "of the process and -- and they say you know. I mean Alexander Payne and -- descendants is like that's the single most essential piece of the puzzle on the fighting those kids look. We did ", "ever had. And it's the best worked on the basket but work. Who's out there. Do stuff that you really like In.  Alexander Payne  everything. he loved that beginners. we wanted. Woody Allen is teaching me. there's that didn't mean all ", "work. Who's out there. Do stuff that you really like -- In. Alexander Payne everything. -- he loved that -- beginners. -- we wanted. Woody Allen is teaching me. -- there's that didn't mean all. Thank ", "Says that it boasted. Don't do it here. The defendant this  Alexander Payne  yeah it's good to see him directly to you couldn't it is it's been like what's six year stuffed inside. Now you had I ", "it boasted. -- -- Don't -- do it here. The defendant this Alexander Payne yeah it's good to see him directly to you couldn't it is it's been like what's six year stuffed inside. -- -- ", "encompassing definition it's crazy I don't I don't know would be entire experience of filming in Hawaii with  Alexander Payne  vertically. And it's a complicated emotional story you've played your friend's father George Clooney plays ", "I don't know would be entire experience of filming in Hawaii with Alexander Payne vertically. And it's a complicated emotional story you've played your friend's father George Clooney plays a husband kind of distracted father. Whose ", "says says that since. Posted. Don't ever do that to me. New nick was impressed that Oscar nominated director  Alexander Payne . The force behind such films sideways and election the actors to dictate parts of the story. He was Really awesome ", 'to me. New -- nick -- was impressed that Oscar nominated director Alexander Payne . The force behind such films -- sideways and election -- the actors to dictate parts of the story. He was -- Really ', "nobody has big stars yeah George Clooney and I think that film will get its award in the adapted screenplay category  Alexander Payne  but I think the artists. Time it's unique movie a movie like this doesn't come around too often you like I did ", "that film will get its award in the adapted screenplay category -- Alexander Payne but I think the artists. Time it's unique movie a movie like this doesn't come around too often -- you like I "]