['landed a role as a judge on "the  x factor ." But is the mature britney turning But britney spears\' stint on "the  x factor " may be one and done. Most people not comment on the rumors. But " x factor " representatives have denied the ', 'p.R. Wrecks. And she landed a role as a judge on "the x factor ." But is the mature britney turning into a problem of its own. There\'s reports that simon cowell thinks she\'s too boring and ', 'find the next big pop star. But britney spears\' stint on "the x factor " may be one and done. Most people won\'t like you. Reporter: "Us weekly" reports the singer is getting the boot from the ', 'She\'s been superb. Reporter: Spears would not comment on the rumors. But " x factor " representatives have denied the reports. Saying no one has discussed next year\'s judging panel yet. Any reports otherwise are complete speculation. But ', 'showbiz news, it looks like "x," marks the spot for justin bieber. He has signed on to be a celebrity mentor on "the  x - factor ." The biebs join a list of celebs that have signed up for the talent show, including rihanna and julio iglesias ', 'bieber. He has signed on to be a celebrity mentor on "the x-factor ." The biebs join a list of celebs that have signed up for the talent show, including rihanna and julio iglesias, and mariah ', 'toxic side when it comes to "the  x factor ." When it comes to her comments criticism on the new edition of "the  x factor ." Simon cowl actually called her grand b brand-new foodage from "the  x factor ." I want to know who let you on ', 'revealing a bit of her toxic side when it comes to "the x factor ." When it comes to her comments. Britney is not holding back from honest criticism on the new edition of "the x factor ." Simon cowl actually called her ruthless and say, britney\'s quite mean as you will suffer. Judge for yourself in this grand b brand-new foodage from "the x factor ." I want to know who let you on stage? Britney? Toxic was a dance, right? I sneak the puns in wherever I ', 'movies? I think it\'s funny when people ask this. " X - factor " takes up so much of the year, it doesn\'t leave me album. And I\'m going to continue to have fun on "the  x - factor ." And you\'re going to have fun tomorrow in central ', 'tv shows or movies? I think it\'s funny when people ask this. " X-factor " takes up so much of the year, it doesn\'t leave me time to shoot a movie. I\'m not going anything else. As of right now, I\'m singing the music fromy album. And I\'m going to continue to have fun on "the x-factor ." And you\'re going to have fun tomorrow in central park. Demi lovato, ladies and gentlemen. And "made in the usa" debuts today. ', 'here. Good to see you guys. First up, with a little "pop news." Britney spears created quite the circus on "the  x - factor ." Previous reports of spears walking offstage while filming are true. Spears had a panic attack. And told cowell ', 'a little "pop news." Britney spears created quite the circus on "the x-factor ." Previous reports of spears walking offstage while filming are true. Spears had a panic attack. And told cowell I\'m not sure i ', "I'm in hit show the  X - Factor  is coming to the United States today we thought we bring you. One called them to limited and said He was praying bay they in this year's  X - Factor  Chelsea.", "I'm in -- hit show the X-Factor is coming to the United States today we thought we bring you. One of the most memorable moments from the London version ", 'Simon Powell may want to renamed  X - Factor  acts to factor. Three popular members of the show all got their walking papers it was first announced that host Steve Jones had ', 'Simon Powell may want to renamed X-Factor acts to factor. Three popular members of the show all got their walking papers it was first announced that host Steve Jones ', "Is there already shake up at the  X - Factor  judges' table TMZ is reporting that British pop star Cheryl Cole is out. And former Pussycat Dolls singer Nicole is her replacement ", "Is there already shake up at the X-Factor judges' table TMZ is reporting that British pop star Cheryl Cole is out. And former Pussycat Dolls singer Nicole -- -- is ", 'swirling about brittabr britney\'s departure from "the  x factor ." The pop star made even bigger news on the same day she announced she is leaving her role as judge on "the  x factor ." Tmz also reports, trawick, who was once spears\' agent ', 'against the music. Rumors wer swirling about brittabr britney\'s departure from "the x factor ." The pop star made even bigger news on the same day. Take a look. This morning, all eyes are on britney spears, ', 'day she announced she is leaving her role as judge on "the x factor ." Tmz also reports, trawick, who was once spears\' agent, has been removed as her co-conservator, which gave him control over her finances, ', "a lot of these performances you on the town shows like  X - Factor  are lip Some fans are truly upset about this but is it singer Lee Roy Bell on Fox's singing competition show the  X - Factor  on Thursday. And it's pretty clear his voice starts ", "a lot of these performances you -- on the town shows like X-Factor are lip -- Some fans are truly upset about this but is it really cheating ABC's rob Nelson. Is on the story. Wait a second did you catch that. That singer Lee Roy Bell on Fox's singing competition show the X-Factor on Thursday. And it's pretty clear his voice starts just a second or two before he actually raises that Mike who is ", 'The " X Factor " judge confirms that he is "seeing" Dennis Rodman\'s former wife.', "show's going to be the same but the good news is that the  X - Factor  his other show was gonna launch in 2011. So He says because of launching  X - Factor  this was the last of the season on American Idol and of ", "going to be the same but the good news is that the X-Factor his other show was gonna launch in 2011. So He says because of launching X-Factor this was the last of the season on American Idol and of course. You know they've talked about -- coming on the ", "Record label owner, 'X-Factor' judge awards Amy Heidemann and Nick Noonan for their first album.", 'for excessive self-promotion. And the very judgmental simon cowell, who wiped out nearly all of the talent on the " x - factor " after just one season. If your boss possesses similar traits, sutton explains how to survive. If you\'re stuck ', 'simon cowell, who wiped out nearly all of the talent on the " x-factor " after just one season. If your boss possesses similar traits, sutton explains how to survive. If you\'re stuck with at bosshole, advise ', "promotion. And the very judgmental Simon Cowell dreadful expected high today who wiped out nearly all of the talent on the  X - Factor  after just season. If your boss possess is similar traits Sutton explains how to survive. You're stuck with the Basel ", "high today who wiped out nearly all of the talent on the X-Factor after just -- season. If your boss possess is similar traits Sutton explains how to survive. You're stuck with the Basel then "]