['This aired on Dateline NBC on Sunday, Jan. 31, 2010. The full show will not be available online, but you can ', 'Police Chief Muhlberger: And they got away just during one minute and ten seconds.', 'Ron Noble, INTERPOL Chief: Their profile is not far different from the al-Qaida terrorist profile.', 'They toyed with police. They seemed to hunt their glittering prey at will. And yet, for years... No one realized that all these crimes were connected.', "We'll take you inside an international manhunt for what turned out to be the largest and most daring network of jewel thieves the world has ever seen -- from their unlikely origins to law enforcement's battle first to figure out who they were, and then how to stop them, to final showdowns on the streets of the world's great cities. ", "The men you'll see in action are members of the most notorious gang of jewel thieves the world has ever known. So brazen, high-tech surveillance cameras didn't deter them. So secretive that back at the beginning, not a cop on the globe had a clue who they were. Where did the trail start? Not here. Not in Paris or Tokyo or Monaco or Dubai, but on the gritty streets of New York City.", "The year: 1988.The crime, apparently isolated. A diamond wholesaler's vault ransacked. Taken for a million dollars worth of diamonds and fine jewelry.", 'Now fast forward five years: 1993. Basel, Switzerland. The European jewelry and watch fair. Three diamonds valued at over three and an half million dollars vanished.', "Ron Noble: Back in 1994, the standard operating procedure was you collect fingerprints, witness testimony, and you put it in a database, and you compare it against other information from your own country. You don't compare it internationally.", 'Ron Noble: they could fly into a country, commit a robbery, leave the country, and for the most part the investigation would be of nationals or residents in the country.', 'Helene Dupif runs a division of the Paris police department called the B.R.B. - the brigade for the repression of banditry.', 'Helene Dupif: We had answers when we asked the Belgians or the English for information on such and such a person. They would answer us three months later!', 'Yann Glassey: They was organized, like, small gangs. The attack is so quick and so, people are so surprised.', "And yet, very slowly, a dossier came together: a small gallery of suspects. And the cops couldn't help but notice their names were Yugoslavian, Serbian. It was something to go on... But not much. As the turn of the century approached, police everywhere knew the thieves were winning. The evidence was on camera, right before their eyes. And the stakes were about to get much higher.", 'Yet even as police in each country scrutinized video tapes, they knew little about crimes in other countries. And, really-- only one thing about the perpetrators.', 'Yann Glassey: We just know that there were people coming from Montenegro or Serbia.', "Police Chief Muhlberger: I think it's-- useful for us too because when we speak about Pink Panthers, all the police know what about we speak.", "Others were not amused. Least of all Helen Dupif, the chief of Paris's brigade for the repression of banditry. ", 'Keith Morrison: So what is your opinion of the name they were given Pink Panthers?', "Helen Dupif: I find it ridiculous! It's very ridiculous! So ridiculous.I don't know who found it amusing.", '2006, Saint Tropez. Pink panthers wearing flowered tourist shorts hit a seaside store at the height of the afternoon rush hour.', 'Ron Noble: They heard about other robberies, and encouraged Interpol to form a working group around the Pink Panthers.', "INTERPOL is a global police organization -- tracking the world's criminals and crime syndicates. On multinational cases like the Pink Panthers, it can bring together investigators in different countries to form a powerful, united front.", "Chief Muhlberger: It's still-- the only organization where we can share all the operational information about this. I asked INTERPOL to organize a meeting between all the countries who had to know robberies made by the Pink Panthers.", 'Ron Noble: Suddenly we said, "Wow, the Pink Panthers. They\'re actually engaging in robberies around the world.', 'Remember that robbery in Japan in 2007? There was another just like it in 2004, but now, detectives had the tools to tie them both to the Pink Panthers.', 'Ron Noble: And suddenly we found the links with Japan, Thailand, South America, US, extraordinary case/extraordinary break in the case.', 'Ron Noble: This group has been responsible for over 350 million dollars worth of robberies for over 15 years in 26 different countries.', 'Ron Noble: They were involved in organized crime groups, involved in robberies, extortion-- attempted murders, other crimes of violence.', 'Ron Noble: With the borders coming down, organized crime groups that before operated only on a national level-- were able to operate much more internationally/.', "Police like Paris' Captain Herve Conan soon found themselves contending with a new sort of thug.", 'Jewel thieves in the Pink Panther movies are suave, champagne-sipping David Niven types. But not these guys.', 'Herve Conan: Some of them were in the army...they know the guns, they know how to, uh, to use, uh, a handgun or a machine gun.', 'Ron Noble: Their profile is not far different from the al-Qaida terrorist profile.', 'Yann Glassey: In Geneva, we have some people giving help that means that they can stole cars for them. They can give apartments. Everything what they need for the attack.', 'Herve Conan: They are very professional. They are not here to make a small robbery. They want to make a robbery for millions of Euros.', 'Herve Conan: They use someone who looks like normal and like client. But what they do now, they put false hair, glasses and this sort of things. False beard, these sort of things.', 'Yann Glassey: They jump into...different cars with one cars opening the way and the other cars with the stuff inside...they run away with the cars to the apartment where they, perhaps, stay one or two days. Or back--back to Italy, back to Serbia.', "Yann Glassey: It's really easy to come in and to go out. Escape in the new, largely borderless Europe. A ten-minute fast ride from a fashionable street in Geneva, there's a stone like on any one of a hundred little country roads outside the city. On this side Switzerland and that side France, and there's nobody not to tell you not to go there.", 'Yann Glassey: The watches is the easiest things to buy. They can have 40 percent of the real price of the watches. That means if the watches is 100,000 franc in the shop. In Russia, that guy is going to pay 4,000---', "The Swiss franc and the dollar, by the way, are about at par. The Pink Panthers didn't always get away with it, of course, but even the ones who got caught didn't spend much time in prison.", "Milan Jovetic: Scotland Yard, because they found something - they say I copied some movie I don't know ... there's no fims, there's no nothing and that made Pink Panther -- and now everybody is a Pink Panther. Everybody's connected with everybody... and I don't know anyone, trust me. And these people that were arrested - and I don't care about none of them. I finished my stuff and that's it, I'm done. ", "Milan Jovetic: Of course I regret, what I can do? It's past, finished. What I can do?", 'The documentary crew who shot this video probably understood that their lives were at some risk. And the jewel thief turned grocer was probably aware of the same thing. The Geneva Detective Yann Glassey says that Pink Panthers who talk risk an untimely end.', "Yann Glassey: If the bad guys know that one people has talked, he's dead. This guy was uh, killed with two uh two bullets in the head.", "Man: I don't know, I don't pay attention to other people, I live my own life. I'm a bar man by profession. ", 'Herve Conan: The newspapers and the public consider that they are like stars. But they are robbers, they are not French stars.', 'Herve Conan: Well, in some way, yes of course. They are on the other side. They are on the - we say, we say-', 'A notion which did not amuse the head of the brigade for the repression of banditry.', "Keith Morrison: Some of the detectives we've talked to, said they almost respect some of these Pink Panthers. Does it bother you, does it worry you?", 'Helene Dupif: On no! I understood what you are saying. You are saying that some police officers, investigators have a kind of respect, a consideration for these Pink Panthers.', 'Yann Glassey: And they knew each other and now we began to have a lot of mixed groups. And the Pink Panthers are changing a little bit in these last years.', "By 2008, INTERPOL's Pink Panther unit was running at full speed. Police across Europe -- across the globe -- talked daily, emailed and shared photos, fingerprints, DNA. And their shared obsession began to pay off. May 2008: the Swiss detective was over the border in France on another case. Inside this hotel.", 'Yann Glassey: I was there at the table with my French colleagues and my Swiss colleagues.', 'Yann Glassey: And I catch him at this moment. And we fight three, 4 minutes, approximately.', 'Yann Glassey: Yeah, but he was lying on this barrier and I was trying to keep him...and I was speaking to him, You can give up, you can give up. Stop, Stop.', "But he didn't. Instead, the Pink Panther tore free and ran-- cut and bleeding now-- across the schoolyard.", 'A farmer, with his scythe, offered to join the chase. But the detective knew he needed much more help than that.', 'Officer: I came to the realization that I recognized two people who were part of a search bulletin that was posted on the wall here.', 'Herve Conan: Everywhere, everywhere. And we have stayed all the night until the morning.', "Herve Conan: No. He didn't have the time. Well, he had his coffee but he didn't have the time to, to drink it.", 'The Pink Panthers showed up again in front of the jewelry store. They were moving towards the door. And right there the cops made their move. The two men were arrested.', "Herve Conan: It's beginning of the end for them. I'm very optimistic about that.", 'Police had taken down key players -- they had to be damaging the Pink Panthers organization at its core. And yet, they were still out there. Vinko, for example, was picked up before he could rob that store in Monaco, and so was held on lesser charges. And in a few months, he was out again. And even as the arrests piled up, so did more robberies in France, said insurance broker Virginie Benezat.', 'Virginie Benezat: In 2009, the numbers of thefts and holdups in France has increased dramatically', 'Yann Glassey: I think you have between 10 or 15 robberies just this year...all made by the Pink Panthers.', 'Even the most determined police have to wonder: If one Pink Panther goes down, will another just step in to replace him?', 'Herve Conan: Well, I think a new generation will arrive in the next, in the next years.', 'A new generation of Pink Panthers, the criminal gang with a name from the movies. How many sequels can they make?']