['which is one which is which is street which is forward design. We start. The film is directed by documentarian.  Davis Guggenheim  who won an Oscar for the about Al Gore in climate change and inconvenient truth. The inconvenient truth or President ', 'which is forward design. We start. The film is directed by documentarian. Davis Guggenheim who won an Oscar for the -- about Al Gore in climate change and inconvenient truth. The inconvenient truth or President Obama ', 'Mitt Romney. According to the latest poll from Washington Post ABC news the campaign campaign movie from filmmaker  Davis Guggenheim  that there unveiling tonight here will help out. I want to do think about about. All across this country for a ', 'Washington Post ABC news the campaign -- -- campaign movie from filmmaker Davis Guggenheim that there unveiling tonight here will help out. I want to do think about about. All across this country for a look ', "email person you can call and say how to help in my city change in effect in. I'm are great public schools cocaine  Davis Guggenheim  the film opens this Friday in new York and Los Angeles we want to continue the conversation our website as well you ", "my city change in effect in. I'm are great public schools cocaine Davis Guggenheim the film opens this Friday in new York and Los Angeles we want to continue the conversation our website as well you ", 'kids are getting a really crappy education right now Blunt style captured the attention of Oscar winning filmmaker  Davis Guggenheim  who feature her in his documentary waiting for Superman. This move was a wakeup call torch saying we have to change ', 'right now -- Blunt style captured the attention of Oscar winning filmmaker Davis Guggenheim who feature her in his documentary waiting for Superman. This move was a wakeup call torch -- saying we have to change ', "And which film will win. This is one year you won't have to a to find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that  Davis Guggenheim  is an inconvenient truth. Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with ", "a -- to find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that Davis Guggenheim is an inconvenient truth. Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with the Oscar for best ", "Growth and the united. This is one year you won't have to a to find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that  Davis Guggenheim  is an inconvenient truth. Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with ", "a -- to find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that Davis Guggenheim is an inconvenient truth. Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with the Oscar for best "]