['pushing it out brought extreme  weather . Tonight, ginger zee on that and the giant  storm  in the southwest bringing dangerous miles per hour in an ef-1  tornado  ripped through this school Thank you. And one more  weather', 'Near cleveland, ohio, winds of 110 miles per hour in an ef-1 tornado ripped through this school. It was up to here. I guess about 18 inches. Reporter: Robert to longer has a basement or ', "into this blazing  heat wave . It's been targeting The National  Weather  Service has heat dealing with some  severe weather  on top of that. And back to some that  severe weather  Thursday Thursday an issue as the  heat wave . Goes on for the ", 'but -- this relief. You are going to be dealing with some severe weather on top of that. And back to -- some -- that severe weather Thursday Thursday night across the upper midwest that will make its way from Chicago to Detroit Montreal and -- Friday. And that ', "morning, elizabeth. Good morning, josh. Day six of this  heat wave . It does stretch all the way from coast-to-coast warnings out today. That's the highest warning the national  weather  service will put out for hot air. It feels like 89 in new ", "morning, sam. Good morning, elizabeth. Good morning, josh. Day six of this heat wave . It does stretch all the way from coast-to-coast. But there's one part of the country that's getting the worst hit of it. There's about 438 miles from washington, d.C. To boston that has excessive heat warnings out today. That's the highest warning the national weather service will put out for hot air. It feels like 89 in new york. Boston, it feels like 89 degrees. Now, that ", 'Heavy rain downs a tent in atlanta. One sign of wicked  weather  sweeping the nation. Last night a violent  thunderstorm  ripped through las vegas bringing 70-mile-per-hour ', 'Reporter: Heavy rain downs a tent in atlanta. One sign of wicked weather sweeping the nation. Last night a violent thunderstorm ripped through las vegas bringing 70-mile-per-hour winds and the casino floor at the caesars floor was under water. In detroit, the storms ', 'because of the massive  heat wave  last week, electricity not out of the woods.  Hurricane  season is right around the corner, bad  weather  in the golf frequently be back to normal as the  weather  moderates. Still ahead ', 'cents in coming weeks. Even then we\'re not out of the woods. Hurricane season is right around the corner, bad weather in the golf frequently leads to price spikes. Experts say it could be late september, even early october before you see gas prices ease. Those are gas prices but electrical bills should come down soon? You should be back to normal as the weather moderates. Still ahead an "world news," ', 'Now to the extreme  weather  in the east tonight. A monster  storm  front this evening, a  tornado  touching down near on that part of the  weather  story this evening down the coast. The  tornado  that hit baltimore ', "Now to the extreme weather in the east tonight. A monster storm front this evening, a tornado touching down near the nation's capital, passengers inside a major airport told to take shelter for a time on a lower floor. Lightning at the sears tower in chicago, funnel clouds in indiana. Of course those storm clouds over the capital. David kerley on that part of the weather story this evening. Reporter: Winds over 50 mile per hour in the middle atlantic, up to two inches of rain, hail and water spouts on chesapeake bay. 230e9 owes and time lapse give you an idea of how hard the storm hit the nation's capital. The winds so strong they brought down this tree in the heart of washington d.C. Blocking off one of the streets. Outside of philadelphia, play was suspended less than two hours after the start first round of the u.S. Open golf tournament. Man. Reporter: This is the same storm that raked the midwest last night but the dreaded derecho never materialized. The storm moving into the atlantic tonight there are worries behind it. Flood watches are up for several areas hit by the heavy downpour. More than a quarter million people without electricity, 900 flights cancelled, delays up and down the coast. The tornado that hit baltimore did not damage the airport there. David kerley, thank you. Now to the breaking news overseas this morning. A ", 'think the  weather  has been known as  el Nino . Is coming it. And  el Nino  is no distant details.  El Nino  is one of worldwide turning  weather  pattern done this week  drought  and forest wind and  storm . Upsetting National  Hurricane  Center now shower or  thunderstorm  activity ', "If you think the weather has been unusual this summer you are right. Very unusual according to a conference on the world's climate now being held in Geneva and almost certain to get stranger as winter approaches. Scientists have determined that a -- weather pattern in the Pacific known as el Nino . Is coming back stronger than they have ever seen it. And el Nino is no distant phenomena it will almost certainly affect the weather right where you -- ABC's Morton dean has details. El Nino is one of nature's most disruptive forces. And a can have a destructive impact worldwide turning weather pattern -- done. Scientists are now looking at these ominous signs chilly this summer two days of rain produce a year's worth of right. Eastern Europe this month to run -- right. Indonesia this week drought and forest fires in the league -- Today at the conference in Geneva a report about the US. The nor her -- United States. Could be the west -- -- it hasn't -- above normal rainfall. In some cases 400% normal rainfall. El Nino forms in the Pacific Ocean. In normal times straight wins relentlessly push -- vast pool of warm surface water from east to west holding it there. When results. The ocean along the coast of Indonesia has several feet higher than the other side of the Pacific off Peru and Chile. But occasionally and mysteriously the trade winds relax -- huge pool of warm -- drifts eastward back toward South America. As it does it hits the atmosphere alters wind and storm . Upsetting. The typical balance of web. El Nino made one of its biggest impressions fifteen years ago. Louisiana remembers the flood Georgia. Those knows California. The mud -- The worst. El Nino in terms of damage was during the 1980 to 83 event which was responsible for over eight billion dollars. Damage worldwide. Scientists are convinced that this here el Nino is every bit as strong or stronger. Than that. Morton dean ABC news New York. Joining us from Florida now is Bob sheets the former director of the National Hurricane Center now a consultant. For ABC -- Bob I suppose we all remember the winter of eighty to 83 is this what we should expect from el Nino this time. Yes I think so we're seeing a very warm pool water out in the central Pacific. And that spreading on ", "Philadelphia New York. The  heat wave  turning deadly at least that we entered this  heat wave  and they had a seat line had a Now we have some  severe weather  anywhere from Chicago definitely been a lengthy  heat wave  and that's what's ", 'the sweltering heat -- a had a -- Now we have some severe weather anywhere from Chicago to Montreal hail damaging winds I think the primary threat and -- high humidity. You can obviously expect -- ', "the country the definite physician of a  heat wave  is three days of untrumtd heat. This is oven. You can't just call any heat a  heat wave . There is an actual definition for a  heat wave  here in the northeast. Three days at 90 ", 'know that for much of the country the definite physician of a heat wave is three days of untrumtd heat. This is the time when hospitals say they begin to see people in trouble, sudden effects ', "the inside of an oven. You can't just call any heat a heat wave . There is an actual definition for a heat wave here in the northeast. Three days at 90 or higher. We're on day four. Tell you what, these guys can tell you ", "heat does to the average person going about their day during a heat wave . This is stacey. She's in good health. Dr. Ashton took her blood, rate, heart rate and urine. I'm going to check that ", "special report on the  heat wave . It's not over yet another few days of steamy  weather . But cooler  weather  is right around the corner this  heat wave  is going to be ending salary. Much more this  heat wave  do we have to do more ", 'midwest and the northeast are in for another few days of steamy weather . But cooler weather is right around the corner this heat wave is going to be ending with a Big Bang. But by Monday everybody will be more comfortable. Most heat waves and with ', 'dangerous  heat wave  smothering the northeast middle of a triple-digit  heat wave , the 54-inch water main enjoying the calm before the  storm . But water pressure is far west as chicago. A  heat wave  coupled with humidity ', 'filling water bottles for her family. Kids enjoying the calm before the storm . But water pressure is already low. Ten minutes ago, it was coming out more than this. And to be quite honest, it ', 'This  weather  is such a major health hazard. Jennifer outside. If you have to go, try to have a  heat wave  go pack, if you will. Something like through the day. And that spray? The  heat wave  is a serious thing. But there are fun ', 'This weather is such a major health hazard. Jennifer ashton is here. And what are the big danger signs to watch for? When you ', "smuggled by some sort of don't issues. She said he came in through a back 24 hours ago just before 6 AM arriving by car and a  thunderstorm . The baby was delivered by this mad doctor Marcus axle the queen's gynecologists last. The couple attended prenatal classes ", "hours ago just before 6 AM arriving by car and -- a thunderstorm . The baby was delivered by this mad doctor Marcus axle the queen's gynecologists -- last. The couple attended prenatal classes from renowned ", "in by some sort of don't She said he came in through a back entrance 24 hours ago just before 6 AM arriving by car and a  thunderstorm . The baby was delivered by this mad doctor Marcus the queen's gynecologists last. The couple attended prenatal classes ", "hours ago just before 6 AM arriving by car and -- a thunderstorm . The baby was delivered by this mad doctor Marcus -- the queen's gynecologists -- last. The couple attended prenatal classes from renowned ", 'Now we move next and welcome to this week which is historically the hottest week of the year and tonight is off the charts thanks to the swal tering dome of heat sitting on ten states from michigan to maryland. Ginger zee tracks down the people who are out in the hottest jobs. Reporter:', "And sam champion is starting us off with the heat warnings and advisories for so much of the country right now. It's not just how high the temperatures are. But how many days the temperatures have been so high. That's the important part, elizabeth. How long the heat will last. I don't think people", "outbreak of  severe weather  we've been right now,  flash flood  warnings and Reporter: The  tornado  target at any formation of this  tornado  which blew road out the  storm  huddled in While the  tornado  was not that ", "Now we turn to that outbreak of severe weather we've been watching across the east. We want to bring you the latest reports right now, flash flood warnings and reports of tornados touching down. Areas abc's david kerley. Reporter: The tornado target at any time, 40 miles north of nashville just across the boarder hitting adareville, kentucky. This just went overtop of us. Reporter: A near perfect funnel formation of this tornado which blew over the small town. One official told us two elderly laesds road out the storm huddled in a bathtub. They both survived with minor injuries, taken to the hospital and released. Reporter: While the tornado was not that wide or powerful, it still left its mark. We had a tornado come through, pretty well destroyed several barnes and buildings. Nobody was injured seriously. Reporter: SOON THE SUN WAS Out and belongings moved out of damaged buildings, firefighters lending a hand. Tonight kentucky and tennessee, a large part of the mid atlantic are expecting strong thunderstorms. This year's tornado season started late but it has been a month to remember and just 11 days later the widest path of destruction on record. Those are suction borders going around the edge. Reporter: From the el reno tornado more than two and a half miles at its widest spot. It was and this is far from the end of tornado season. David kerley, abc news, washington. ", 'arizona next. Take a look. A massive  dust storm  blanketing a major american city known as a haboob, a freak desert  dust storm . It happens almost every summer starts to fall down and then the  storm  just falls apart. Reporter: As ', "their mouths and noses. It's known as a haboob, a freak desert dust storm . It happens almost every summer in the southwest. Killing five people a year. A very, very dry dust and hits with the wind and it just gets pushed. Reporter: It went from open land to city terrain, it met its match. It starts to fall down and then the storm just falls apart. Reporter: As the haboob moves through, it's followed by rain and flash floods, turning much of the dust to "]