['From working with David Lynch to Steven Spielberg, the actress discusses her choices as an actress.', 'probably at least five or six times in which. A movie that became the biggest movie ever it was turned down to work for.  David Lynch  or to smooth talk instead of a brat pack found more that I had several of does. Real crucial turning point choices ', 'became the biggest movie ever it was turned down to work for. David Lynch or to -- smooth talk instead of a brat pack found more that I had several of does. Real crucial turning point ', "happen all in one teens and that was that You know literally was tending the pages and then let's move. What is the  David Lynch  experience like. It's for aliens exist want to look just laugh it up and I wish I had a second one. I did you did ", "literally was tending the pages and then let's move. What is the David Lynch experience like. It's for aliens exist want to look just laugh it up and I wish I had a second one. I ", 'Here with jerry seinfeld. And another special guest, bob rossi, for the  david lynch  foundation. We all practice transdental meditation, until I learned it from you and you taught me how to do it, after jerry ', 'Here with jerry seinfeld. And another special guest, bob rossi, for the david lynch foundation. We all practice transdental meditation, until I learned it from you and you taught me how to do it, after jerry ', "the most in the people human. I was surprised when.  David Lynch  said that he didn't he says he says don't hold me enough of reasons the there's something about talking to  David Lynch 's never met him before we've seen this man who is ", "surprised you the most in the people human. I was surprised when. David Lynch said that he didn't he says he says don't hold me to Eric Young. Because I asked him if he was done ", "you name. Houston enough of reasons the there's something about talking to David Lynch's -- never met him before we've seen this man who is nothing like this bill. Now though it's a little bit shocked ", "David Lynch  first came to the attention of Sacramento appeared to adopt a lower profile approach.  David Lynch  was said to be the influential leader masses. We still don't know who killed  David Lynch  or why. 36 year old Charles to another ", 'David Lynch first came to the attention of Sacramento county law enforcement in the mid 1990s. Back then the white supremacist movement tended to ', 'But then the hate groups appeared to adopt a lower profile approach. David Lynch was said to be the influential leader of the American front well known to other white supremacy groups and the people who ', "also. Way of reaching the masses. We still don't know who killed David Lynch or why. 36 year old Charles to -- another member of the skinhead movement according to investigators. Was arrested hours after the ", 'she had has a relationship with  David Lynch  apparently. Yeah how I mean I me as a parallel to working with  David Lynch  I think one of the greatest gifts this film on and empire. That  David Lynch  would call you and say and to be ', "movie again yes that's right she had -- has a relationship with David Lynch apparently. Yeah how I mean I had nothing to do with the call both times on wild at heart He called her ", "of what they've offered me -- as a parallel to working with David Lynch I think one of the greatest gifts they gave me. Is that they you know I was a product of the seventies ", "We talked about how on this film on -- and empire. That David Lynch would call you and say -- and -- to be a parking lot at 1 o'clock. Drive yourself to you know trailer ", 'and eclectic parts of Florida. Yeah I think true it does that mean you go beneath the surface and it got us sort of  David Lynch  said of weirdness right right below the surface I think that fascinating here right in great setting for our first series ', 'mean you go beneath the surface and it got us sort of David Lynch said of weirdness -- right right below the surface I think that fascinating here right in great setting for our first series ', "survive. A lot of American and Afghan blood was spilled in this surge year. big name Willie Walsh lieutenant colonel  David Lynch  battalion was one of the hardest hit as they thought bullets and thousands of homemade bombs. To take that Taliban's ", "surge year. -- -- -- -- big name Willie Walsh lieutenant colonel David Lynch battalion was one of the hardest hit as they thought bullets and thousands of homemade bombs. To take that Taliban's heartland the ", "think it was 92 right okay well a little while and through an unbeaten when I was brought in to take over black white  David Lynch  David Fincher. They're like five directors on and Michael would show up and the company propaganda would need to ", "unbeaten when I was brought in to take over black -- white David Lynch David Fincher. They're like five directors on -- and Michael would show up and the company propaganda would need to deal with ", "Recommend a book is that it doesn't right away wanna become one of these thrill machines it wants to be sort of a  David Lynch  teen dreams type. Nightmares our film which I actually appreciate. And I think after so many horror films. Like the ", 'one of these thrill machines it wants to be sort of a David Lynch teen dreams -- type. Nightmares our film which I actually appreciate. And I think after so many horror films. Like the saw ', "unborn Recommend book is that it doesn't right away wanna become one of these thrill machines it wants to be sort of a  David Lynch  teen dream skate type. Nightmares our film which I actually appreciate. And I think after so many horror films like ", 'one of these thrill machines it wants to be sort of a David Lynch teen dream skate type. Nightmares our film which I actually appreciate. And I think after so many horror films like the saw ', "you you you want to read authors that are you know like. Sort of impenetrable. And movies better weird you know like  David Lynch  and With the you don't know the discovery of putting together a puzzle with. Exactly eons. Same thing kids went ", "know like. Sort of impenetrable. And movies better weird you know like David Lynch and -- With the -- you don't know the discovery of putting together a puzzle with. Exactly eons. Same thing kids went "]