['takes parents and educators through a step-by-step meditation practice suitable for kids of all ages. Film director  David Lynch  started a foundation eight years ago to provide scholarships for school-age children all over the world to study transcendental ', 'and getting rejected over and over again, and really taking a beating on my soul," she said. She landed a role in  David Lynch \'s enigmatic 2001 film, "Mulholland Dr.," at age 31 -- old by Hollywood standards. "People said, \'Overnight ', 'companies Romney\'s Bain Capital invested in and profited from were not benefiting American workers. LINK Bloomberg\'s  David Lynch : " Obama Can Only Say Factory Jobs Return Still Being Offset " President Barack Obama said last month he had "good ', 'another film to tout: "First Point," a 5-minute long piece premiering today at Art Basel. Part surf film, part  David Lynch -ian exercise in suspense, "First Point" finds the 25-year-old star in positions familiar -- sunbathing on ', "AS PRESIDENTS : Mitt Romney likes to tout his success in the business world on the campaign trail, but Bloomberg's  David Lynch  reports that there have been few businessmen in the Oval Office since the 1900's, and the job brings constraints ", 'collaborated with the legendary filmmaker  David Lynch  . AudioFile caught up with Zola as well as American filmmaker  David Lynch . Zola Jesus is featured on "Intro Similarly, cinematic mastermind  David Lynch  reached out to Zola Jesus as a ', 'plans for job creation, energy conservation and health care. Famous Birthdays 1930 Buzz Aldrin 1934 Tom Baker 1946  David Lynch  1956 Bill Mahar 1963 James Denton 1966 Rainn Wilson 1968 Melissa Rivers 1970 Edwin McCain 1970 Skeet Ulrich Jump back ', 'and ascetics in Asia. Gwyneth Paltrow meditates. Rivers Cuomo, lead singer of the rock band Weezer, meditates.  David Lynch  -- his movies are strange, but he is strangely normal -- meditates. Meditation has helped recent military veterans ', 'others who practice. George, who now works in part with Operation Warrior Wellness -- a program initiated by the  David Lynch  Foundation -- is now committed to get 30,000 veterans to practice meditation within the next three years. "I know ', 'torso as his pregnant girlfriend watched, police said.  David Lynch  , 40, an organizer for the American Front, one of the gangs from around the country attended. Skinheads Mourn  David Lynch  The Anti-Defamation League calls the American Front ', 'causing bodily harm. He received a life sentence, with a minimum of 12 years in prison. Piper\'s ex-boyfriend  David Lynch , who orchestrated the attack, received two life sentences, and will serve at least 16 years in jail. "I\'ve got ', "do Jurassic Park. And do your  David Lynch  true that I so and what's. What's lucky that it is like that with  David Lynch  and working with John offend and news is when people ask me what do  David Lynch 's movies mean in his news explained ", "have some this year. You can do Jurassic Park. And do your David Lynch true that I -- so -- and what's. What's the difference between you going on this set today blue velvet. And going ", "that's very very rare and lucky that it is like that with David Lynch and working with John offend and the working -- Robert Altman Paul like there are these people who just embrace you and ", "OK so. The good news is when people ask me what do David Lynch's movies mean -- in his news explained his movies and I say. I don't know him expect that don't think I I ", 'probably at least five or six times in which. A movie that became the biggest movie ever it was turned down to work for.  David Lynch  or to smooth talk instead of a brat pack found more that I had several of does. Real crucial turning point choices ', 'became the biggest movie ever it was turned down to work for. David Lynch or to -- smooth talk instead of a brat pack found more that I had several of does. Real crucial turning point ', "happen all in one teens and that was that You know literally was tending the pages and then let's move. What is the  David Lynch  experience like. It's for aliens exist want to look just laugh it up and I wish I had a second one. I did you did ", "literally was tending the pages and then let's move. What is the David Lynch experience like. It's for aliens exist want to look just laugh it up and I wish I had a second one. I ", 'Here with jerry seinfeld. And another special guest, bob rossi, for the  david lynch  foundation. We all practice transdental meditation, until I learned it from you and you taught me how to do it, after jerry ', 'Here with jerry seinfeld. And another special guest, bob rossi, for the david lynch foundation. We all practice transdental meditation, until I learned it from you and you taught me how to do it, after jerry ', "the most in the people human. I was surprised when.  David Lynch  said that he didn't he says he says don't hold me enough of reasons the there's something about talking to  David Lynch 's never met him before we've seen this man who is ", "surprised you the most in the people human. I was surprised when. David Lynch said that he didn't he says he says don't hold me to Eric Young. Because I asked him if he was done ", "you name. Houston enough of reasons the there's something about talking to David Lynch's -- never met him before we've seen this man who is nothing like this bill. Now though it's a little bit shocked "]