['marketing campaign. The commercials were directed by  David O .  Russell  of "Silver Linings Playbook," nominated recently marketing campaign. The commercials were directed by  David O .  Russell  of "Silver Linings Playbook," nominated recently ', 'films. The film, which was nominated in five categories, won best picture, best director and best screenplay for  David O .  Russell , and best actress for Jennifer Lawrence, who also won best actress at the Golden Globes. Bradley Cooper was also ', 'Kingdom" Julia Loktev for "The Loneliest Planet"  David O .  Russell  for "Silver Linings Playbook" Ira Sachs for "Keep Sparks" Martin McDonagh for "Seven Psychopaths"  David O .  Russell  for "Silver Linings Playbook" Ira Sachs & Mauricio ', 'the screen and blow Robert de Niro right off of it." De Niro, her fellow co-star Bradley Cooper and director  David O .  Russell  have all been outspoken about their love of Lawrence in this role. She\'s kooky yet the audience can\'t help but ', "Jennifer Lawrence on Career, Being Star-Struck and a Homebody: 'I Just Have a Very Weird Job'", 'then I don\'t start thinking that it\'s more dramatic than it is." Oscar-nominated this year for director  David O .  Russell \'s "Silver Linings Playbook," Lawrence takes what could have been a rom-com stock character and fills the off-kilter ', 'Daniel Lupi, Kristie Macosko, Jeff Skoll, Adam Somner and Steven Spielberg. Silver Linings Playbook Director:  David O .  Russell  Producers: Bruce Cohen, Bradley Cooper, Donna Gigliotti, Jonathan Gordon, Mark Kamine, George Parra, Bob Weinstein ', 'Spielberg ("Lincoln"), 1/4; Ang Lee ("Life of Pi"), 5/1; Michael Haneke ("Amour"), 10/1;  David O .  Russell  ("Silver Linings Playbook"), 12/1; Benh Zeitlin ("Beasts of the Southern Wild"), 100/1. Best Actor ', 'Ang Lee ("Life of Pi"), Michael Haneke ("Amour"), Benh Zeitlin ("Beasts of the Southern Wild") and  David O .  Russell  ("Silver Linings Playbook") This is probably the most surprising category with its snubs of "Argo" director ', 'Jacki Weaver, "Silver Linings Playbook" Helen Hunt, "The Sessions" Amy Adams, "The Master" Best Director:  David O .  Russell , "Silver Linings Playbook" Ang Lee, "Life of Pi" Steven Spielberg, "Lincoln" Michael Haneke, "Amour" Benh ', 'Silver Linings" for most nominations at four. \'Silver Linings Playbook\' What Critics Are Saying: The critics love  David O .  Russell \'s oddball romantic comedy "Silver Linings Playbook." It scored a 91 percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The ', 'Musical, \'Silver Linings Playbook\' Though "Les Miserables" is sure to make more money, Adams puts her money on  David O .  Russell \'s feel-good dark comedy, "Silver Linings Playbook," about two lost souls who find a second chance at love ', "Bradley Cooper Reflects on Unusual Career Path, New Film and Almost Turning Down People's 'Sexiest Man Alive' Title", 'alongside Jennifer Lawrence of "Hunger Games" fame, in what could be career-altering roles for both of them, in  David O .  Russell \'s "Silver Linings Playbook." Cooper plays Pat Solitano, a former teacher who moves back in with his parents ', 'An investigation has been launched into an allegation made against Oscar-nominated director  David O .  Russell  by his 19-year-old transgender niece. Russell, the director of "The Fighter," is accused of allegedly touching the breasts ', "No I can't get this movie and actually has them.  David O .  Russell  has and one of the and the great thing about him a something Alia. So when you're working this is  David O .  Russell  do a lot of rehearsals or you just don't go right ", "and government. No I can't get this movie and actually has them. David O . Russell has -- -- and one of the -- -- and the great thing about him -- -- a collaborator. And I was ", "that's -- salvation to something Alia. So when you're working this is David O . Russell do a lot of rehearsals or you just don't go right and. -- I was in Schenectady, New York when he called ", 'costume. We talked about this the untitled movie by  david o .  Russell  getting a lot of buzz. He obviously selected "silver also in the film we talked about bradley cooper,  david o .  Russell , robert de niro. Christian bale in it. Yes. Did ', 'of her character\'s costume. We talked about this the untitled movie by david o . Russell getting a lot of buzz. He obviously selected "silver LININGS PLAYBOOK" ABOUT A \'70s Operation sting. She has the look going. Glassings, ', 'I found out also in the film we talked about bradley cooper, david o . Russell , robert de niro. Christian bale in it. Yes. Did "the fighter." And amy adams. So I would imagine it will be a ', 'That\'s right. Beautiful. Yeah, so we wish her luck. Finally he got an oscar nomination for working with director  david o .  Russell  in "silver linings playbook. This time it\'s a p echerm. Sam says no but you be the judge. Is he bringing chucky ', 'her luck. Finally he got an oscar nomination for working with director david o . Russell in "silver linings playbook. This time it\'s a p echerm. Sam says no but you be the judge. Is he bringing chucky ', "direct dark. Michael honig K more. Indictment beasts of the southern why Ang Lee's life of hi Stephen field. And  David O .  Russell  were still trying to I can hear you and you're saying wait a minute but wait a minute that's it those the five ", "of the southern why Ang Lee's life of hi Stephen field. And David O . Russell were still trying to -- I can hear you and you're saying wait a minute but wait a minute that's it those ", "for Tony Kushner for Lincoln.  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook directing. The nominees are  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook magazine that I'm glad to see  David O .  Russell  who did not get a directors guild ", 'the southern wild. Chris -- -- for -- Tony Kushner for Lincoln. David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. And David -- for life of high. These are adapted screenplays keep in mind so that means the ', 'for -- -- kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. -- -- for life of -- Steven Spielberg for Lincoln. Michael Chanukah four more. And -- island for ', "88 nominations tonight -- a lot magazine that I'm glad to see David O . Russell who did not get a directors guild nomination for that movie but he got an Oscar nomination I'm glad to -- but ", 'Chris stereo for ago. Tony Kushner for Lincoln.  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook. And David Mickey for kingdom. best achievement in directing. Nominees are  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook. leave for life of pi ', 'the southern wild. Chris stereo for -- ago. Tony Kushner for Lincoln. David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. And David Mickey for life of high. These are adapted screenplays keep in mind so that means the ', 'Coppola for -- -- kingdom. -- best achievement in directing. Nominees are David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. -- leave for life of pi. Steven Spielberg for Lincoln. Michael Chanukah four more. And -- island for ', 'Hanna for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook. Sang for life of pi. Steven Spielberg for Lincoln. Michael Chanukah four more. And ', '-- -- -- kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. Sang -- for life of pi. Steven Spielberg for Lincoln. Michael Chanukah four more. And -- island for ']