['Elton John ,  David Furnish  want their son to recognize the value of hard work.', "ended. In one corner  Elton John  in the other Madonna none shine brighter than  Elton John  and Modano. But when moments later his husband  David Furnish  took to FaceBook saying it's and when asked  Elton John  might react to her victory ", "first. But sir Hilton's face said -- all moments later his husband David Furnish took to FaceBook saying Madonna -- best song. The lead off. -- went on dad that quote Madonna winning best original song truly shows how these awards have nothing to do with merit. Her acceptance speech was embarrassing in it's -- and when asked Elton John might react to her victory. Madonna had this to say haven't I hope he speaks to me for the next -- years. ", 'Elton John  has already now is about to become McCain Chris Connelly. This Sunday rocket man  Elton John  will move from playing the piano. To thirteen month old son Zachary with partner  David Furnish  to be getting into the big game are you ', 'his own blue -- gravy thirteen month old son Zachary with partner David Furnish to be getting into the big game are you raising your. Son to be a football fan I hope so you have ', "Let's talk about  Elton John  L John and his partner  David Furnish  welcoming a new baby into are so the baby news getting have. Baby in the family little baby voicing concern  Elton John  Snow fashion taste He can't wait to see you compose ", "Let's talk about Elton John L John and his partner David Furnish welcoming a new baby into are -- so -- the baby news -- getting this morning a nipple. The baby boy was ", "Elton John  when so many grammys of course a Tony an Oscar. But this is the biggest it's a special Barbara exclusive tonight on twenty money. With  Elton John David Furnish  and baby Zachary and I have to mention John's going to be at the ", "it's a special Barbara -- exclusive tonight on twenty -- money. With Elton John David Furnish and baby Zachary and I have to mention -- John's going to be at the wedding. -- has been invited to the ", "homeowners and yes there appears to be a troops in the battle of the defense everybody  Elton John  vs Madonna at least temporarily. Dallas husband  David Furnish  has apologized on FaceBook for airing his thoughts in I'm not very nice way about ", "appears to be a troops in the battle of the defense everybody Elton John vs Madonna at least temporarily. Dallas husband David Furnish has apologized on FaceBook for airing his thoughts in I'm not very nice way about Madonna's Golden -- win riding -- part ", "and the latest issue of us weekly Rebecca great to see you thanks for being here is unhealthy setting but  Elton John  and  David Furnish  his baby Zachary F have a whole We'll skip we have twelve pages exclusive photos they're really at issue ", "to see you thanks for being here is unhealthy setting -- but Elton John and David Furnish his baby Zachary F -- -- have a whole -- We'll skip we have twelve pages exclusive photos -- they're really at ", "Elton John  on the cover of us weekly with his partner  David Furnish  and their baby boy Zachary. Right. That's Arkansas supermarket chains harps has covered it up I'm magazine racks and one ", "Elton John on the cover of us weekly with his partner David Furnish and their baby boy Zachary. Right. That's Arkansas supermarket chains harps has covered it up I'm magazine racks and one why -- ", "about believe that the guest right. Yes we're hearing we're hearing.  Elton John  was invited He told Canadian TV that today along with his husband  David Furnish  and we also part of the Beckham's will be invited as well so a lot of famous ", "guest -- right. -- -- -- -- Yes we're hearing we're hearing. Elton John was invited He told Canadian TV that today along with his husband David Furnish and we also part of the Beckham's will be invited as well so a lot of famous brits on the way to ", "building's roof collapsed. And in Los Angeles some happy news for  Elton John  and his partner they become proud parents to a seven pound British rock star. The 48. Year old Canadian filmmaker  David Furnish . The had been together since the early ninety's and were ", "the building's roof collapsed. And in Los Angeles some happy news for Elton John and his partner they become proud parents to a seven pound fifteen ounce baby boy. Their son was born to a -- get on Christmas Day the boy's name. Zachary Jackson Levon furnish John -- the first for the 62 year old British rock star. The 48. Year old Canadian filmmaker David Furnish . The -- had been together since the early ninety's and were married in 2005. Those are your latest headlines from ABC news ", "them and we'll see a wedding there in the snowy bride all you guys broke the story yesterday about  Elton John  and. In hand  David Furnish  it having having a child at Christmas. Let's say huge announcement yet so they had a child as a surrogate ", "in the snowy bride all you guys broke the story yesterday about Elton John and. In hand David Furnish it having having a child at Christmas. Let's say huge announcement yet so they had a child as a surrogate. They just "]