['Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo . The director of "X-men" Bryan Singer and the "J Edgar" screenwriter  Dustin Lance Black  will be at the Fox table along with Glee\'s" Matthew Morrison , "True Blood\'s" Ryan Kwanten , "House\'s ', 'Edgar" come to be? Check out this exclusive clip featuring interviews with star Leonardo DiCaprio and writer  Dustin Lance Black  about how they brought the story of the founder of the FBI to life, and watch more never-before-seen clips on ', 'with 20th Century Fox, said regardless of the sentencing, the development of the script is "moving forward."  Dustin Lance Black , who received an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for "Milk" in 2009 and is a producer for HBO\'s ', '\'Barefoot Bandit\'s\' Lawyers Call His Emails "Not Unusual" for an Upset, Young Man', 'Century Fox, said regardless of the sentencing on Friday, the development of the script is "moving forward."  Dustin Lance Black , who received an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for "Milk" in 2009 and is a producer for HBO\'s ', 'notoriety and even the attention of Hollywood. The movie rights about Harris-Moore\'s life were sold to Fox and  Dustin Lance Black , who won an Oscar for "Milk," is writing the screenplay, according to The Associated Press. The terms of Harris-Moore\'s ', "Top Secrets of 'J. Edgar': Clint Eastwood, Leonardo DiCaprio on New Film About Hoover's Private Life", 'yearning to have that sort of connection with somebody else." DiCaprio and Eastwood said the film\'s screenwriter,  Dustin Lance Black , drew on the Bush administration\'s response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks to develop Hoover\'s character during ', 'Hollywood colleagues. The article mentions that Lautner recently had dinner with director Gus Van Sant and screenwriter  Dustin Lance Black , both of whom worked on the Sean Penn film Milk and are gay. When the writer asked Lautner if Van Sant and Black hit on ', 'Sean Penn won the Best Actor award for his portrayal of Milk and spoke of equality in his acceptance. But it was  Dustin Lance Black  , who took the honor for Best Screenplay, who really seized the moment and the microphone to send a message. Here ', 'Film: "Departures," Japan. Adapted Screenplay: Simon Beaufoy, "Slumdog Millionaire." Original Screenplay:  Dustin Lance Black , "Milk." Animated Feature Film: "WALL-E." Art Direction: "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button." Cinematography ', 'Film: "Departures," Japan. Adapted Screenplay: Simon Beaufoy, "Slumdog Millionaire." Original Screenplay:  Dustin Lance Black , "Milk." Animated Feature Film: "Wall-E." Art Direction: "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button." Cinematography ', 'Film: "Departures," Japan. Adapted Screenplay: Simon Beaufoy, "Slumdog Millionaire." Original Screenplay:  Dustin Lance Black , "Milk." Animated Feature Film: "Wall-E." Art Direction: "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button." Cinematography ', "weeks we know these things we don't know what really happens I think that's related great job of breathing like  Dustin Lance Black  the screenwriter did an and won an Oscar for exactly is doing and yet. We often think we now because we've the ", "think that's related -- great job of breathing like -- -- -- Dustin Lance Black the screenwriter did an -- and won an Oscar for exactly is doing and yet. We often think we now because we've ", "kind of cornered by George Clooney. Normal people you know you're gonna let I am doing a play called hate that  Dustin Lance Black  wrote about it's it's the transcripts from the propositioning trials. and nine when he's playing one of the ", "you're gonna let -- I am doing a play called hate that Dustin Lance Black wrote about it's it's -- -- the transcripts from the propositioning trials. -- and nine -- when he's playing one of the ", "original screenplay winner.  Dustin Lance Black  what impact do you think all quite an impact I think that  Dustin lance black 's speech was so. And incredibly very proud of Sean Penn and  Dustin Lance Black  for the speeches they gave those ", "heartfelt speeches by best actor Sean Penn and best original screenplay winner. Dustin Lance Black what impact do you think all of this we'll have in your struggle. Well I think it has quite an impact I think that Dustin lance black's speech was so. And incredibly heartfelt is genuine and I can put -- spoke to the pain like so many gay people ", "the film -- -- and very very proud of Sean Penn and Dustin Lance Black for the speeches they gave those lifesaving smokes is at. Absolutely and finally it's very moving like savings and do you think "]