['(Photo of Klym and Sladewski; airplane; Klym in nightclub; Klym on street; photos of Klym and Sladewski)', '(Lady Gaga performing; Fontainebleau sign; photos of Sladewski and Klym; Lady Gaga performing; Miami skyline; Gaga performing; photo of Sladewski)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Their attendance at the show was even documented by the guy behind them who took iPhone vids of them dancing. Men tended to do that when they saw Paula all clubbed out. 2010, at that moment, and for not much longer, was starting off for Paula Sladewski right in the sweet spot she loved so well.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) She liked celebrities and the velvet rope and all that stuff.', 'Ms. KELLY FARRIS: There was like 500 women, and only 50 got to make it on this anniversary-type video, so she was proud of that.', '(Lights; photo of Sladewski and Klym; photos of Sladewski; vehicle on road; people near vehicle; people in clubs; hotels; band; people on street; woman dancing)', '(Club Space exterior; Club Space advertisement; moon; Club Space entrance with people; Club Space interior; Club Space exterior; photo of Klym and Sladewski; blue dress; window; photo of Sladewski; people exiting cab; Club Space exterior, interior; Lady Gaga performing; people dancing; photo of Sladewski; blue dress; people in club; Raymond Diaz; interior of club)', 'Mr. RAYMOND DIAZ: She actually kind of glowed in the dark. She was so blond and really tan. She had beautiful, I think, blue eyes. Her dress was like a neon blue or green, so...', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Paula and Kevin had been dating and living together for a couple of years, and he knew from painful experience what impact his girlfriend would have in a cavernous dance space jammed with single men powered by alcohol. Paula Sladewski as boomshakalaka.', 'MURPHY: She seems to be the kind of girl would walk in the room and just take the oxygen right out of it.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Paula danced, flashing her new mini as the fins began circling her. Kevin knew the drill: run interference on the men salivating for her as best he could. But these guys were making heavy moves on his woman, one in particular.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) But Paula, lit up by the attention and the shooters she was downing, had a different idea. She was digging in her stilettos.', '(Club Space exterior; nightclub interior; cab on street; Miami skyline; hotel entrance)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) This time it would be different. When Death of a Golden Girl continues.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Three days into the new year after a night of clubbing, Kevin Klym woke up in his Miami Beach hotel room with a throbbing head and minus his girlfriend, Paula Sladewski. It came back to him: Club Space, the bouncers throwing him out at dawn, Paula electing to stay.', '(Miami Beach; street with traffic; hotel exterior; photo of Sladewski; nightclub interior; man exiting door; nightclub interior)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Kevin was starting to worry, but he also knew Paula could be a tough Detroit cookie when she needed to be.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Those growing-up pictures of pretty Paula masked a difficult Michigan home life with an absent father and lots of stepdads. When she was 14, she was dating a 29-year-old man. It was her older sister Kelly, not her mother, who called the authorities on him.', '(Barbie in car; photo of Sladewski in car; photos of Sladewski; women dancing on stage; lights; The Penthouse Club logo; dancers)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) So along comes Kevin, new boyfriend, and he has to deal with her being an exotic dancer, a successful one.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) The money from stripping was good enough to allow Paula and Kevin to move to Los Angeles, just in time for the housing bubble to knock his budding mortgage and real estate business into the ditch. Paula kept on dancing and paid the bills. For a few months they moved back and forth between places in Michigan and California. Now she was gone, and he was a guy alone in a Miami Beach hotel with a desk clerk on the phone asking if he was going to roll over the room for another night. Kevin got himself together and went down to ask the manager for help.', '(Dancer on stage; photos of Klym and Sladewski; dancer on stage; photo of Klym and Sladewski; hotel exterior; Kevin walking)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Returning to his hotel room and the sleepless night that followed, he got an idea: call a private detective. He went online and started calling some numbers. The next morning, Monday now, one of them, a private investigator name Dave Wasser, called Kevin back.', 'Mr. WASSER: Yeah, and, I mean, in the back of my mind I was wondering, you know, is this guy straight up with me or not?', '(Klym entering foyer; Club Space exterior; nightclub interior; Dennis Murphy interviewing Mike Samuels)', 'Mr. MIKE SAMUELS: She got to the sidewalk, she went around to the right towards the east.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) The detectives asked Kevin, did Paula have any body piercings? Yes, he said, she did.', '(Driving down street; North Miami Police Department; photo of Klym and Sladewski; dumpster; Klym and Sladewski; Club Space exterior)', 'Detective MICHAEL GAUDIO: At that point, no. We had nothing else to go by other than it was a human being.', 'Det. GAUDIO: (Voiceover) We started contacting other agencies, see if they had anybody missing, checking missing person reports.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Dental records would later confirm that it was indeed Paula Sladewski.', 'MURPHY: Why would a killer or killers dump a body, dispose of it, the way that they did?', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) A good while, in fact. And even though Kevin Klym showed no visible marks or scratches from a fight or struggle, detectives still had a lot of questions.', 'Mr. KLYM: They came to my hotel room around noon. And by the time the detectives dropped me off back at my hotel, it was 12:30 at night.', '(Hotel exterior; photos of Klym and Sladewski; street at night; photo of Klym and Sladewski)', '(Sladewski and puppies; North Miami Police Department building; photos of Klym and Sladewski)', '(Voiceover) Bartender Raymond Diaz told about seeing the start of the trouble between the pair.', 'Mr. DIAZ: They were having an argument. They were only two or three feet in front of me. But then he grabbed her arm.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) The club managers explained the house policy of ejecting both parties when trouble flares: him, then her. So in the early hours of the case, there was a lot of stuff swirling about Kevin Klym. He came across like a short fuse guy who sometimes got physical.', '(Nightclub interior; outside Club Space; cabs on street; photos of Klym and Sladewski)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) At the end of that first interview with Kevin, the boyfriend, is he on your suspect list of people of interest?', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) In the court of public opinion, it was looking as though the boyfriend did it. But it turned out the 26-year-old dancer who so loved the lens had one final scene before the camera, a few seconds of grainy security cam footage. And what investigators saw there made them think that maybe the boyfriend was telling the truth.', '(Photo of Klym and Sladewski; Sladewski; security camera footage; security camera; security camera footage; photo of Sladewski and Klym)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Paula was dead. And the boyfriend, Kevin, realized he was falling behind the curve on where the finger of suspicion pointed.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) The North Miami detectives interviewed him for 12 hours before letting him leave.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Meanwhile, Dave Wasser, the private detective Kevin had hired the day after Paula went missing, was doing his own legwork.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Kelly the sister paid her own way down to Miami to help police in the investigation.', 'Ms. FARRIS: (Press conference) I just plead with anybody out there that has any information to please come forward.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Kelly said Paula was also taking prescription diet pills to stay in shape for her modeling and dancing careers.', 'MURPHY: And that text message from Paula to an old boyfriend saying she feared for her life, that turned out to be less than advertised. It was moldy old, and the shaky source of it was the same boyfriend who was jailed for having sex with a minor when Paula was just 14.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Club Space, it turned out, had almost 30 security cameras, but none outside showing the sidewalk. Most were aimed at the bar cash registers to keep the employees honest. But there was one camera that just might have captured something. There was a camera inside high over the front door entrance. The private detective rewound the tape deck.', '(Video monitors; security cameras; video screens of security footage; security camera)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) At 7:17 in the morning, Kevin is seen exiting the club alone.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Although police still considered Kevin a person of interest, there was persuasive evidence now that he left Paula behind at the club.', 'MURPHY: It seems to bolster his story and his recollection at the time that he exited...', 'MURPHY: The head of security at Club Space, Mike Samuels, says he saw both Kevin and later Paula leave alone. But he and others have added an important new observation, something not seen by this blinking security camera up here, a detail that has changed the focus of the murder investigation.', 'Mr. SAMUELS: A light-skinned African-American male with a groomed, full beard, you know, well-built, average height, probably six foot.', '(Voiceover) And they were last seen me and my staff walking away from the club towards the parking lot.', '(Sladewski; security camera footage; security camera; Murphy interviewing Mike Samuels; photo of Klym and Sladewski; woman dancing on stage; photo of Sladewski)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Kevin had told police that guys were swarming all over Paula at the dance club, and that was the reason he wanted to get her out of there. Was her killer one of the guys hitting on her? But when Kevin and his private investigator, Dave Wasser, went back to the seconds of surveillance cam showing Paula leaving, they came up with another theory. They study the images and thought that two club employees seen following her out are maybe overly interested in the striking blonde.', '(Halter top; interior of nightclub; Wasser looking at clips; security camera footage; photo of Sladewski)', 'MURPHY: Kevin, break it down frame by frame, this snippet of video of her leaving.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Police also studied the tape and talk to every club employee seen in it. Lead homicide Detective Michael Gaudio:', 'MURPHY: You talked to the door guys, security. Were they also persons of interest to you?', 'Mr. SAMUELS: The fact that our staff has to clock in and out with a hand reader system with their fingerprints, the fact that nobody leaves, staffwise, until 2 or 3 or 4 in the afternoon when we close, it just makes no sense at all.', 'Mr. SAMUELS: (Voiceover) He was wearing shorts. Our number one rule, no matter how much money you have, we do not allow you in in shorts.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Coming up, a first look at the man who may have killed Paula.', 'MURPHY: This guy that your door people saw that night, the one approaching her, they believe they saw that same individual again a few weeks later, is that correct?', 'Mr. LOUIS PUIG: I believe two weeks later on Saturday, they saw an individual fitting that description walking in front of the club.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Club Space owner Louis Puig says they called the Miami cops, who came and questioned the man.', 'Mr. PUIG: You know, the guy she left with might not have been the guy that did the crime.', '(Nightclub interior; security camera footage; dumpster; police vehicle; Klym on bridge; Klym on bench; sidewalk in front of Club Space; Farris driving; Farris on freeway)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) ...posted fliers with the private investigator Dave Wasser and talked to anyone who might have seen something, a big sister Nancy Drew.', '(Missing person flier; Wasser and Farris looking at computer; missing persons flier; Club Space entrance; Farris on street; Farris and Wasser putting up fliers; sidewalk outside Club Space; parking lot near Club Space; entrance to Club Space; sketch of man)', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Kevin Klym thought he actually recognized that face in the sketch and dropped a bombshell.', 'MURPHY: (Voiceover) Baloney, responded the club owners. They say Kevin is mistaken. The staff is the same, and they have the payroll stubs to prove it.', '(Dumpster; sketch of man; photo of Klym and Sladewski; sidewalk outside Club Space)', '(Klym and Farris walking; Farris and Klym looking through photo book; ambulance; photo of Sladewski)']