["Actor on starring in David O. Russell's new film and working with Jennifer Lawrence and Robert DeNiro.", 'costume. We talked about this the untitled movie by  david o .  Russell  getting a lot of buzz. He obviously selected "silver also in the film we talked about bradley cooper,  david o .  Russell , robert de niro. Christian bale in it. Yes. Did ', 'of her character\'s costume. We talked about this the untitled movie by david o . Russell getting a lot of buzz. He obviously selected "silver LININGS PLAYBOOK" ABOUT A \'70s Operation sting. She has the look going. Glassings, ', 'I found out also in the film we talked about bradley cooper, david o . Russell , robert de niro. Christian bale in it. Yes. Did "the fighter." And amy adams. So I would imagine it will be a ', 'That\'s right. Beautiful. Yeah, so we wish her luck. Finally he got an oscar nomination for working with director  david o .  Russell  in "silver linings playbook. This time it\'s a p echerm. Sam says no but you be the judge. Is he bringing chucky ', 'her luck. Finally he got an oscar nomination for working with director david o . Russell in "silver linings playbook. This time it\'s a p echerm. Sam says no but you be the judge. Is he bringing chucky ', "direct dark. Michael honig K more. Indictment beasts of the southern why Ang Lee's life of hi Stephen field. And  David O .  Russell  were still trying to I can hear you and you're saying wait a minute but wait a minute that's it those the five ", "of the southern why Ang Lee's life of hi Stephen field. And David O . Russell were still trying to -- I can hear you and you're saying wait a minute but wait a minute that's it those ", "for Tony Kushner for Lincoln.  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook directing. The nominees are  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook magazine that I'm glad to see  David O .  Russell  who did not get a directors guild ", 'the southern wild. Chris -- -- for -- Tony Kushner for Lincoln. David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. And David -- for life of high. These are adapted screenplays keep in mind so that means the ', 'for -- -- kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. -- -- for life of -- Steven Spielberg for Lincoln. Michael Chanukah four more. And -- island for ', "88 nominations tonight -- a lot magazine that I'm glad to see David O . Russell who did not get a directors guild nomination for that movie but he got an Oscar nomination I'm glad to -- but ", 'Chris stereo for ago. Tony Kushner for Lincoln.  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook. And David Mickey for kingdom. best achievement in directing. Nominees are  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook. leave for life of pi ', 'the southern wild. Chris stereo for -- ago. Tony Kushner for Lincoln. David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. And David Mickey for life of high. These are adapted screenplays keep in mind so that means the ', 'Coppola for -- -- kingdom. -- best achievement in directing. Nominees are David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. -- leave for life of pi. Steven Spielberg for Lincoln. Michael Chanukah four more. And -- island for ', 'Hanna for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are  David O .  Russell  for silver linings playbook. Sang for life of pi. Steven Spielberg for Lincoln. Michael Chanukah four more. And ', '-- -- -- kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O . Russell for silver linings playbook. Sang -- for life of pi. Steven Spielberg for Lincoln. Michael Chanukah four more. And -- island for ', "that's in the works as well her agents have been talking. With producers and she's also been just talking with  David O .  Russell  who was just. Nominated for a lot of awards for the fighter they're going to be tuning up for news. Movie called ", "have been talking. With producers and she's also been just talking with David O . Russell who was just. Nominated for a lot of awards for the fighter they're going to be tuning up for news. Movie called ", "fluent in. But we would get the me would be rapid on the set no one else who through what we saying. And you know  David O .  Russell  who's just done a wonderful job this he would tell me Christian. We don't think he's like and real all the ", "one else who -- through what we -- saying. And you know David O . Russell who's just done a wonderful job -- this he would tell me Christian. We don't think he's like and real all the ", "previous winner slum dog did an amazing job of the 127 hours doesn't get nominated. And what a thrill as we heard for  David O .  Russell  you know getting out. Chance to step up with the big boys here so good morning for him as well. All for the fun ", "hours doesn't get nominated. And what a thrill as we heard for David O . Russell you know getting out. Chance to step up with the big boys here so good morning for him as well. All for ", "King's Speech. And James Franco and 127. Out. For best achievement in directing. Daryn not speak for Black Swan.  David O .  Russell  for the fighter. Tom Hooper for the speech. David Fincher for the social network. And Cohen anything calling for ", 'For best achievement in directing. Daryn -- not speak for Black Swan. David O . Russell for the fighter. Tom Hooper for the -- speech. David Fincher for the social network. And -- Cohen anything calling for true ', "it's a small film it's a really gritty film what was it that made you say I gotta do this. David Russell did and  David O .  Russell . So really and truly it's more than just the story can be the people that you that you know going to be attached ", "you say I gotta do this. David -- Russell did -- and David O . Russell . So really and truly it's more than just the story can be the people that you that you know -- going to ", "boxer had a stepbrother who also. Became fighters played by Christian Bale. I will say that it's directed by  David O .  Russell  and it's like no fight movie you've ever seen similar reminded me what's. is good. Now it seems sleep with ", "fighters played by Christian Bale. I will say that it's directed by David O . Russell and it's like no fight movie you've ever seen similar reminded me what's. -- is good. Now it seems -- sleep with. ", "you know has never happened today. My ten inches there's no cameras And fortunately for Lily Tomlin and director  David O .  Russell  there meltdowns happen between takes on this at 2004 movie I hard. So let's take a look at this first And Lily ", "inches there's no cameras -- And fortunately for Lily Tomlin and director David O . Russell there meltdowns happen between takes on this at 2004 movie I hard. So let's take a look at this first -- And "]