['program at the Berlinale three years ago, is based on "Blood Simple," the directorial debut of the brothers Joel and  Ethan Coen . The remake made more than 10 times as much in China as the original did in the United States. Every year festival ', 'Cotillard, "La Vie en Rose" Best actor: Daniel Day-Lewis, "There Will Be Blood" Best director: Joel Coen and  Ethan Coen , "No Country for Old Men" Golden Globe winners Best picture (drama): "Atonement" Best actress (drama): Julie ', 'Fighter") and Tom Hooper ("The King\'s Speech") -- received Oscar nods. But "True Grit" directors Joel and  Ethan Coen  beat out Nolan for the fifth slot. The complaints are already pouring in to Twitter. One person tweeted: "Hey Academy ', 'Director Darren Aronofsky ("Black Swan") Joel and  Ethan Coen  ("True Grit") David Fincher ("The Social Network Aaron Sorkin ("The Social Network") Joel and  Ethan Coen  ("True Grit") Debra Granik, Anne Rosellini ("Winter\'s ', 'Black Swan" Danny Boyle - "127 Hours" Joel Coen &  Ethan Coen  - "True Grit" Tom Hooper - "The King\'s Speech Stanton and Lee Unkrich) "True Grit" - Joel Coen &  Ethan Coen  "Winter\'s Bone" - Debra Granik and Anne Rosellini ', 'Princess and the Frog" "The Secret of Kells" "Up" Best Original Screenplay Mark Boal ("The Hurt Locker") Joel &  Ethan Coen  ("A Serious Man") Peter Doctor & Bob Peterson ("Up") Quentin Tarantino ("Inglourious Basterds") Oren Moverman ', "box-office draw in addition to a reliable stirrer of national debate. 'A Serious Man' (Oct. 2) Directors: Joel and  Ethan Coen  Stars: Michael Stuhlbarg, Richard Kind, Adam Arkin Story: In the late 1960s, a Jewish professor's life begins ", 'such a thick Spanish accent, I didn\'t want to give away I was not from here," he says. "They (directors Joel and  Ethan Coen ) loved that. They said it would throw people off if you couldn\'t tell where he was from." To Day-Lewis, who ', 'intones hit man Anton Chigurh, played by Javier Bardem, in what has already become the iconic scene from Joel and  Ethan Coen \'s film "No Country for Old Men." The stakes at this year\'s Oscars aren\'t quite so high. No one is betting his ', 'Oscar for "There Will Be Blood." "No Country" garnered Oscar gold for supporting actor Javier Bardem, and Joel and  Ethan Coen  grabbed best director, best adapted screenplay and best picture honors. "What we do now doesn\'t feel that much different ', 'respond? I have no idea." He recalled that, while he was filming a scene for "No Country for Old Men," co-director  Ethan Coen  passed by him and whispered in his ear, "no one is going to see this movie." The movie went on to win four Oscars ', 'second time working with a pair of brothers; Joel and  Ethan Coen  directed him in 1987\'s "Raising Arizona." While him just as the other was reaching for it. He dubbed  Ethan Coen  the "funny" one. Making It on His Own Cage got his ', 'memoirs. The film, directed by Oscar winners Joel and  Ethan Coen , also stars such Hollywood heavyweights as Brad Pitt loved it," he said. "I\'ve long admired Joel and  Ethan Coen \'s movies. I loved last year\'s \'No Country For Old ', 'Schnabel for the diving bell and the butterfly. Jason Reitman for Juno. Tony Gilroy for Michael Clayton. Joseph Cohen and  Ethan Coen  for no country for old men. And Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best original screenplay the nominees ', 'Reitman for Juno. Tony Gilroy for Michael Clayton. Joseph Cohen and -- Ethan Coen for no country for old men. And Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best original screenplay the nominees are. ']