['The Wind is Rising") by Hayao Miyazaki, Japan. "The Unknown Known: the Life and Times of Donald Rumsfeld" by  Errol Morris , United States. "Night Moves" by Kelly Reichardt, United States. "Sacro GRA" (Sacred GRA) by Gianfranco Rosi ', 'The Wind is Rising") by Hayao Miyazaki, Japan. "The Unknown Known: the Life and Times of Donald Rumsfeld" by  Errol Morris , United States. "Night Moves" by Kelly Reichardt, United States. "Sacro GRA" (Sacred GRA) by Gianfranco Rosi ', "fighter plane designer, Poland's Andrzej Wajda with a movie depicting the life of Solidarity leader Lech Walesa and  Errol Morris  with the documentary about former U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. The festival runs from August 28-Sept ", 'of his conviction, as well as witness testimony, will exonerate him. "The case has bothered me for years," said  Errol Morris , a former private detective and author of "A Wilderness of Error," a book examining MacDonald\'s case. "The trial ', 'do you need a movie to tell you that? "I believe there is the feeling that we know all there is we need to know,"  Errol Morris  told ABCNews.com. Morris won an Academy Award for "The Fog of War: Eleven Lessons From the Life of Robert S. McNamara ', 'Ask Academy Award-winning director  Errol Morris  how he makes movies, and his answer has a disarmingly them, holding the leash. "Sexual humiliation,"  Errol Morris  told ABC News, "is part of this war." The photos ', 'stories are as compelling as those about the failures of a justice system in which we put an incredible amount of faith.  Errol Morris \' 1988 film "The Thin Blue Line" not only resulted in an overturned conviction, but inspired a generation of directors ', "is a largely a bunch of hoo-hah, but it makes for interesting reading. LINK Finally, filmmaker and moveon-er  Errol Morris  suggests that Sen. Kerry's recollection of his Vietnam war record casually erased his post-war actions (which ", "states during the Republican National Convention and after. The 30-second spots were directed by Academy Award Winner  Errol Morris , who's spectrum of work ranges from the documentary Fog of War to the recent Miller High Life commercials. The first ", "states during the Republican National Convention and after. The 30-second spots were directed by Academy Award Winner  Errol Morris , who's spectrum of work ranges from the documentary Fog of War to the recent Miller High Life commercials. The first ", "I don't. Sure go. my head every day. Dream about every night. All the years is a Over personal because the criminal does something stupid and on thank you Tiki and I can handle anything. I was on the guy died put someone to guarantee He was gone gold what you did is He working first time", "seemed to haunt him we were wrong. And reward future generations to explain why. MacNamara continued his public may in  Errol morris ' Oscar winning documentary the fog of war. Any military commander who is honest with himself or those he's and that ", "generations to explain why. MacNamara continued his public may -- -- in Errol morris' Oscar winning documentary the fog of war. Any military commander who is honest with himself or those he's -- -- and -- ", "today is the latest work noted documentary filmmaker  Errol Morris  it's a movie that focuses on the soldiers. Who photographed I a columnist at the variety and I'm talking about  Errol morris ' standard operating procedure. Earl Morris is a documentary ", "American theaters today is the latest work -- -- noted documentary filmmaker Errol Morris it's a movie that focuses on the soldiers. Who photographed the infamous images of torture in Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison the movie is called standard operating procedure and we asked variety movie critic -- Thompson. To give us a sense of the -- I'm Diane Thompson I -- a columnist at the variety and I'm talking about Errol morris' standard operating procedure. Earl Morris is a documentary filmmaker who is trying to examine. What really happened. Behind the photos that were ", "today is the latest work noted documentary filmmaker  Errol Morris  it's a movie that focuses on the soldiers. Who photographed I'm a columnist at the variety and I'm talking about  Errol morris ' standard operating procedure. Morris is a documentary ", "American theaters today is the latest work -- -- noted documentary filmmaker Errol Morris it's a movie that focuses on the soldiers. Who photographed the infamous images of torture and Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison the movie is called standard operating procedure and we asked variety movie critic -- Thompson. To give us a sense of the -- I'm -- Thompson I'm a columnist at the variety and I'm talking about Errol morris' standard operating procedure. -- Morris is a documentary filmmaker who is trying to examine. What really happened to behind the photos that "]