['Bugliosi: 35 people. Many of the bodies are buried out in the desert and will never be found.', 'It was Vincent Bugliosi, the famous former Los Angeles county prosecutor, who wrote about the possibility of other Manson victims out here somewhere.', 'Bugliosi: Two boys and a girl were believed to be buried about eight feet deep behind Barker Ranch.', 'Here it is. Rotting now, a gallery of rusted things, bullet holes... Part of Death Valley National Park these days. This is one of two old homesteads in the Pamamit Mountains the Manson family haunted in their final days.', "It's twenty miles off the nearest paved road, perhaps the perfect place to conceal evidence of a murder.", "Manson: We're convicting you for being Jesus Christ, we're convicting you for being the devil.", 'Evil, yes, and still it lingers in the American imagination. Nearly 40 years on how could it not after the unspeakable events of August, 1969.', 'Here is where it began, another secluded hideout: The Sphan ranch, an old movie set in the Santa Susana Pass, northwest of L.A.', 'Before the murders, this was the home of the "family," a ragtag collection of twenty or so anonymous dropouts. Their leader: Charles Manson a 34-year-old ex-con turned guru.', 'Charles Manson gave four of them an address in an affluent part of the city called Benedict Canyon. Gave them detailed instructions and stayed behind as they headed away from Spahn Ranch.', 'Tex Watson, Linda Kasabian, Susan Atkins, Patricia Krenwinkel, armed with a .22 caliber revolver and several knives, arrived around midnight.', 'Polanski was in London finishing a movie. Tate, eight and a half months pregnant, was at home. Around midnight the four Manson family members parked at the bottom of the hill below the house. Tex Watson moved first. Watson, who was a high-hurdles champion in Texas, climbed up that telephone pole, cut all the phone wires going into the residence.', 'While kasabian waited near the car, the others crept onto the property, just in time to encounter a young man leaving in a car. Steven Parent. And then it began. Watson shot the 18-year-old dead. Inside the house, the intruders surprised Wojteck Frykowski, a friend of the Polanskis, who was dozing in the living room. ', 'When Voytek Frykowski was running out of the living room, she stabbed Voytek in the leg-- three or four times to try and get him to stop.', 'Susan Atkins: And he and I got into a struggle. And I started screaming for help, um and when Tex Watson came and took him off of me. And he and I got into a struggle. And I started screaming for help, um and when Tex Watson came and took him off of me.', 'Steve Kay: Krenwinkel chased her out of the-- the living room with an upraised knife and ended up-- pouncing on her in the front yard, and-- and stabbing her, and and Watson came over and helped stab her 28 times. ', "Atkins: I told her that I didn't have any mercy on her. She was tied up, I believe she was tied up.", 'As the Manson family members rested that Saturday, they watched on television as Los Angeles learned of the carnage in Benedict Canyon.', 'A: No, two of the bodies were found inside the house, one in the vehicle and two on the front lawn.', 'Veteran Los Angeles TV news director Pete Noyes: From day one, It was a horror story.', 'Cop in driveway: The tentative identification of the persons are as follows: Sharon Polanski, Jay Seabring...', 'It was Saturday morning, August 9, 1969. Residents of Los Angeles woke to a darker world.', 'The news was appalling, terrifying, confused. That Sharon Tate and four others were dead was dreadful of course. But how they were slaughtered was the horror.', "But Manson wasn't finished. That very night, at his headquarters on the old Spahn movie ranch, he assembled another raiding party. This time, he went along. Manson and six famliy members took a long meandering drive through Los Angeles. They stopped, apparently at random. 3301 Waverly Drive, Los Feliz. With Tex Watson, Manson broke in and tied up Leno Labianca, a 44- year old grocery chain owner, and his 38-year-old wife rosemary.", 'Here were the words she wrote: "Rise," "Death to pigs" and "Helter skelter." Then Watson carved the word "war" into Leno Labianca\'s stomach.', 'Gene Gutowski, Polanski spokesman: Sharon and all other three friends were rational people with no interest in mysticism or anything occult.', 'Gene Gutowski: It was a tragic thing impossible for any of us to understand, the victims were generally nice people, not hippies, cultists or anything peculiar as some media have tried to make them seem.', "Polanski: There was a lot of blood, all over the place. Baby clothes and that's all.", 'The cops announced that -- in spite of shrieking similarities ... There was no connection between the Tate and Labianca slayings.', '- On August 16, more than a hundred officers raided Spahn ranch and busted Manson and 25 others for car theft, burglary and weapons possession. But the search warrant had the wrong date and everyone walked.', 'And just about that time, coincidence, really, the local sheriff raided Barker Ranch. Twenty-four family members were arrested. Not for the murders but on utterly unrelated charges ... Arson and car theft. Among those swooped up was Susan Atkins.', "And back in L.A. County jail she couldn't stop talking. Telling first two cellmates, then a grand jury all about Charles Manson, the murders already committed, the murders still planned.", 'And finally, nearly five months after the Tate and Labianca killings, the police were able to announce an arrest.', 'Edward Davis, LAPD Chief: They appeared to live together in what might be described as a commune. It perhaps could have some religious connotations connected with it depending on your frame of reference.', 'And now, in morbid fascination, the whole world watched the spectacle. Heard about the sickening crimes. And the depraved theories of the man who inspired them.', 'It was June 1970. Prosecutors Vincent Bugliosi and Steve Kay laid out the gruesome story, but the more people learned about the family, the harder it was to comprehend. The accused ringleader turned out to be a life-long loser: petty car thief, check-kiter, pimp.', 'He lived with an aunt and uncle in this house, Manson never knew his father. His mother was a prostitute who spent time in prison.', 'In his last years in prison Manson began studying off-beat religions. He read books about influencing people and he took an interest in music.', "But Manson's followers, who at times numbered as many as fifty, at first blush, could be the kids down the street. Manson started collecting them after he got out of prison in the San Francisco summer of love.", 'Bugliosi: Manson was able to detect weaknesses and fears in people and exploit those-- exploit those weaknesses and fears.', 'Catherine "Gypsy" Share: Who is Charlie Manson? He\'s your brother and he\'s your father, and he\'s your little boy. He\'s all men.', "Steve Kay: Susan Atkins - he met up in the Haight-Ashbury district. She was a topless go-go dancer at Big Al's in North Beach San Francisco.", "Sandra Good, Manson Family Member: That's what attracts people, he's completely happy. gentle, he dances, he sings, he looks beautiful, he looks happy, and this draws a lot of people just like people are drawn to little babies. ", 'Sandra Good, his most devoted follower, came from a wealthy family with assets of her own.', 'Librarian, stripper, trust fund baby, Manson had something for all of them. There were more than a dozen young women eventually.', "Bugliosi: As bizarre as this case was, we go to trial and it's almost equally bizarre.", "Manson: Always good. Everything's good. The judge made a fool of himself this morning. And then he questions my sanity. I question his.", "Bugliosi: That motive was Helter Skelter to ignite a war between blacks and whites. And when the words Helter Skelter were found printed in blood at the murder scene, I told the jury that was the equivalent of Manson's fingerprints being found at the murder scene.", 'Bugliosi: He used it to describe a war between blacks and whites, which he was going to ignite by these murders.', "But Manson's version of apocalypse was truly diabolical. Helter Skelter, his version of tribulation, and the bizarre motive for all those ghastly murders. The writing in blood, the mutilation and extraordinary violence ... Was intended to incite a war between blacks and whites.", "Manson was telling his followers, said co-prosecutor Steve Kay, that they'd be safe in their underground Eden ... While blacks took over the country.", 'Steve Kay: Manson being a racist thought that the blacks would immediately run up to him and turn over power.', "The jury bought the prosecutors' Helter Skelter motive and in January 1971, Manson, Atkins, Krenwinkel and van Houten were convicted of the murders.", 'Marie Mesmer, Juror: In my verdict I wanted to protect the society, after all this is the United States of America and we have a heritage and this is something we must protect and something for a lot of people to think about.', 'Reporter: Have you talked with Charlie himself recently? Have you gotten any feedback from him?', 'Bugliosi: Gentlemen in view of the incredible brutality of these savage nightmarish, murders the death penalty unquestionably the proper verdict in this case.', "And just like that, their sentences were reduced to life. Manson was interviewed just after he learned he'd evaded the gas chamber.", 'Reporter David Burrington: Should there be a supreme penalty for committing a crime?', 'Steve Kay: He always said that he wanted to spend the rest of his life in-- in prison. ', "Tom Snyder: If you got out of here there are lot of people who thought you'd go killing people again.", "Manson: Why should they care what I think? Because they're all in my brain, they're all in my thoughts. I took your heads.", 'With the commutation of their death sentences, as if to rub salt into the wounds of their victims families, came the specter of parole for the killers. It shook the family of Sharon Tate. ', "The prospect of freedom for these killers helped midwife the crime victims rights movement that swept California and then the whole nation. Sharon Tate's mother, doris, took the lead against parole for any of the Manson family in 1982 when it appeared Leslie van Houton might get out.", 'The years went by, and - one by one Tex Watson, Patricia Krenwinkle, Leslie van Houton and Susan Atkins all became born-again Christians. Watson set up a prison ministry, got married and fathered four children before the system caught on and denied conjugal visits.', "Steve Kay: All of these people know that their only hope of getting out is to be model prisoners, so they're all model prisoners except Manson, who's a terrible prisoner. I mean he threatens to kill the guards, he throws hot coffee on staff members, he's been caught with a knife in his shoe, razor blades.", "And Manson? He is 73 years old now. He's been behind bars for most of his life; more than 50 years. Buried deep inside the protective housing unit at Corcoran State Prison. A carefully guarded man, not because of what he might do, but because of what could be done to him.", 'Kay: They have to keep him in a single cell because there are so many life prisoners that would want to kill him to make a reputation for themselves. ', "There are rumors the old man is sick now though prison authorities won't comment on that or on anything to do with the life and activities of Charlie Manson here at Corcoran State Prison.", 'Sixty-year-old Susan Atkins has brain cancer, has had a leg amputated. She is reported near death.', "Vincent Bugliosi: They've all gone their separate ways. The Manson family ended for all intents and purposes in 1971 when Manson was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.", "But is it over? Here in Death Valley it is, as always, blistering hot. The trail from the valley floor winds up a rutted canyon road through ancient cathedrals of cactus-studded rock. And here at the top of Golar Wash, near the ranch that served as an apocalyptic church of mass murder, 21st century science is about to take a run at the last of Charles Manson's unholy mysteries."]