['the set of \'The Green Mile.\' He was magic. He was a big love of man and his passing leaves us stunned."  Frank Darabont Frank Darabont  followed up his breakthrough feature directorial debut "The Shawshank Redemption" with another Stephen King ', "a series of posters used to cover the escape tunnel Tim Robbins was digging. I was flattered when the director,  Frank Darabont , asked permission to use my image to represent the passage of time from Rita Hayworth in the '40s to Marilyn Monroe ", 'distinguishes it from stock horror films is its nihilistic streak. Based on the 1980 Stephen King novella and directed by  Frank Darabont  (The Shawshank Redemption), the film is thoughtful and smart but slow-moving. And the ending may anger viewers ', 'Next week a film version, written and directed by  Frank Darabont , hits theaters. The following is a transcript of horror film that was made by a grown up. You know,  Frank Darabont , who cares about people before he cares about the ', 'about four years ago, and we just weren\'t able to agree on the story," he says. "We finally have a story and  Frank Darabont  is going to write it and we\'re going to start shooting in May or June of 2004 and it\'s coming out for the July ', 'starring role opposite Jim Carrey in the McCarthy-era thriller The Majestic (formerly titled Bijou). Director  Frank Darabont  says of Holden, "She beat out a lot of people for this role, and I have to say I\'m thrilled at the prospect of ', 'starring role opposite Jim Carrey in the McCarthy-era thriller The Majestic (formerly titled Bijou). Director  Frank Darabont  says of Holden, "She beat out a lot of people for this role, and I have to say I\'m thrilled at the prospect of ', 'starring role opposite Jim Carrey in the McCarthy-era thriller The Majestic (formerly titled Bijou). Director  Frank Darabont  says of Holden, "She beat out a lot of people for this role, and I have to say I\'m thrilled at the prospect of ', 'starring role opposite Jim Carrey in the McCarthy-era thriller The Majestic (formerly titled Bijou). Director  Frank Darabont  says of Holden, "She beat out a lot of people for this role, and I have to say I\'m thrilled at the prospect of ']