['monsters vs. robots movie that money can buy is not to denigrate this latest effort from the imaginative director  Guillermo del Toro . To many devotees of the genre, it will be the ultimate pleasure: An army of 25-story-high robots creatively ', 'sales, the animated sequel "Despicable Me 2" outdid the debuts of the Adam Sandler comedy "Grown Ups 2" and  Guillermo Del Toro \'s monsters-versus-robots action flick "Pacific Rim." Sony was pleased with Sandler\'s second-best movie ', "principal of Metropoulos & Co., said in a statement to ABC News. 'Pacific Rim' Channels Sci-Fi Classics  Guillermo del Toro  co-writing and directing a movie about alien monsters from the sea versus giant robots? Are you kidding? Sounds ", "Kerry Hayes  Guillermo del Toro  co-writing and directing a movie about alien monsters from the director's fault. You have no idea how much I hate picking on  Guillermo del Toro , but since I'm going to give him credit for everything that's ", 'inspired screenwriter Travis Beacham to team up with  Guillermo del Toro  in a script for the upcoming July blockbuster Pacific also present in the monsters. Beacham said that  Guillermo del Toro  wanted each Kaiju, or beast, to evoke the 1970s monsters ', 'a source tells Deadline , others who were courted included "300? director Zack Snyder, "Pacific Rim\'s"  Guillermo del Toro , and Oscar winning "Ratatouille" director Brad Bird, who called the shots on the hit "Mission: Impossible ', "World War Z . They look like the ones in I Am Legend 's cousins. July 12th - Speaking of apocalyptic creatures,  Guillermo del Toro 's epic robots vs monsters adventure Pacific Rim arrives in theaters, with Idris Elba as the lead. We'd feel ", "Pan's Labyrinth -- the 2006 dark fairytale dreamed up by Mexican director  Guillermo del Toro  -- will be reborn as a musical. Del Toro and writer Jeremy Ungar have already finished the book for the show, with Paul Williams ", "Where are Mexico's Independent, Innovative Filmmakers? At the Morelia Film Festival", "innovative film, drawing the likes of Werner Herzog and Quentin Tarantino and also attracting prominent figures such as  Guillermo del Toro , Tommy Lee Jones, and Mexico's Gael Garcia Bernal, who attends the festival every year. During the festival ", "wishlist runs the gamut of no-brainers like Mexico's  Guillermo Del Toro  , to guys who still have something to prove and When someone describes you as a combination between  Guillermo del Toro  and Peter Jackson you know you are destined for some ", 'Director  Guillermo del Toro  discusses the grueling process of making the film.', "original screenplay. Plus cinematographer. Art direction makeup and original score. The movie's writer director  Guillermo del Toro  is helping to lead a new generation of filmmakers into the Hollywood mainstream. He and his good friend and fellow ", "Plus cinematographer. Art direction makeup and original score. The movie's writer director Guillermo del Toro is helping to lead a new generation of filmmakers into the Hollywood mainstream. He and his good friend and fellow Oscar nominee "]