['Winter Soldier" and held court on a number of subjects in an interview, including J.J. Abrams\' new installments in  George Lucas \' cinema-changing franchise. Unlike the tens of thousands of fans at the annual gathering of fans, though, Jackson ', 'Winter Soldier" and held court on a number of subjects in an interview, including J.J. Abrams\' new installments in  George Lucas \' cinema-changing franchise. Unlike the tens of thousands of fans at the annual gathering of fans, though, Jackson ', 'since Egypt\'s military seized power, President Obama has promoted a better federal bureaucracy, given a medal to  George Lucas  of "Star Wars" fame and had former President George Bush to the White House for lunch. What he has not done is publicly ', 'reports. Recalling the first time he saw "Star Wars," the president joked how Medal of Arts recipient filmmaker  George Lucas  transformed special effects to "make it look like those planes in space are actually flying." "I remember when I ', 'spirit of the country. His work, and that of the other awardees, which included a dozen Medal of Arts recipients like  George Lucas  of Star Wars fame and a dozen National Humanities Medal winners like Vergara and writer Joan Didion, challenge us to ', 'George Lucas  and Steven Spielberg attend the dedication of the Sumner M. Redstone movies is going to cost you $50, maybe $100, maybe $150," says  George Lucas , the creator of " Star Wars" and founder of Lucasfilm, which is now ', 'unofficial holiday for "Star Wars" fans after creator  George Lucas  was asked to repeat the movie\'s famous line, "May Other than Daniels thinks he was the greatest gift to  George Lucas  and I was merely a nobody who operated a robot\'s controls ', 'make black historical films without a central white character discover it\'s a tough sell in Hollywood. That\'s what  George Lucas  found out when he made 2012\'s "Red Tails" about World War II\'s black Tuskegee Airmen, and was turned away by ', "'Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back' Was 'Ghastly'? Film Critics Spar in 1983 'Nightline' Interview", 'typically used to describe "The Empire Strikes Back," the second installment of the "Star Wars" film franchise. When  George Lucas  began his sci-fi creation, it was hailed as ahead of its time. It still tops "Greatest Films Ever Made" lists ', 'the world\'s most famous mustachioed crusader (after The Rent Is Too Damn High Guy , naturally), but story writer  George Lucas  wasn\'t feeling it . Mel Gibson: The Terminator Mel Gibson as The Terminator? "I\'ll be back" just wouldn\'t ', 'wouldn\'t even want to be involved in the next version of those things." Abrams praised producer Kathleen Kennedy,  George Lucas \' hand-picked successor at the now-Disney-owned Lucasfilm, saying the franchise is "in great hands." Disney ', 'And this group includes legendary sportswriter Frank Deford. Playwright Tony Kushner writer Joan didian and filmmaker  George Lucas  who of course is famous for his Star Wars and Indiana Jones this Quite a large and impressive group. some of these ', 'legendary sportswriter Frank Deford. Playwright Tony Kushner writer Joan didian and filmmaker George Lucas who of course is famous for his Star Wars and Indiana Jones -- -- this -- Quite a large and impressive group. ', 'the "f bt bomb, the "s" bomb, all that stuff dropped on the show. Crazy. Amazing to watch carrie fishe give  george lucas  an award. Spend time with betty white, monty hall backstage, that was amazing too. There was this feeling in the ', 'stuff dropped on the show. Crazy. Amazing to watch carrie fishe give george lucas an award. Spend time with betty white, monty hall backstage, that was amazing too. There was this feeling in the air that ', "custom 3d glasses. A movie poster. And a small popcorn. And it comes just days after movie titan steven spielberg and  george lucas  made a dire prediction. If the movie industry doesn't change the way it does business, it may be headed for a scene ", "popcorn. And it comes just days after movie titan steven spielberg and george lucas made a dire prediction. If the movie industry doesn't change the way it does business, it may be headed for a scene ", "what. Going to the that the helicopter fifty bucks maybe a hundred 150. The USC panel discussion that aired on CNBC  George Lucas  and Steven Spielberg explained all. In the future some movie tickets will cost more than others you're gonna have ", "a hundred -- 150. The USC panel discussion that aired on CNBC George Lucas and Steven Spielberg explained all. In the future some movie tickets will cost more than others you're gonna have to pay 25 ", 'When  George Lucas  cannot find a film company to bankroll the first black In the military will  George Lucas  what did he do he used his own money know I enjoyed talking with director  George Lucas  and actors David yellow neo. And Nate ', 'When George Lucas cannot find a film company to bankroll his film red tails a story of the Tuskegee airmen the first black -- -- In the military will George Lucas what did he do he used his own money over ninety million dollars to get this film made. And as even John ', 'In the war -- so you know I enjoyed talking with director George Lucas and actors David -- yellow neo. And Nate Parker -- attempts. George this has been a true labor of love for you ', 'up you better have your popcorn early because you are about action George Lucas no this is. This is a true old fashioned popcorn movie just exciting that you. Do last few cries here on the ', "important thing of Now Hanks experience and Lucas film doesn't just and there. You can check back to follow he meets with  George Lucas 's animation sound and special effects experts. I'm standing up for here.", "there. You can check back to follow -- -- he meets with George Lucas's animation sound and special effects experts. I'm standing up for here. ", "history teacher. We'll leave it to director producer  George Lucas  to make that happen his award winning series the adventures it's just the beginning of what He has in store in  George lucas '. Good thing you could see you here. So you in high ", "Indiana Jones for the history teacher. We'll leave it to director producer George Lucas to make that happen his award winning series the adventures of young Indiana Jones has just been released. An extraordinary box set combining a young Indies rollicking exploits with the facts behind the fiction. And it's just the beginning of what He has in store in George lucas' . Good thing you could see you here. So you in high school good student. Not a very good -- not a very "]