['the "f bt bomb, the "s" bomb, all that stuff dropped on the show. Crazy. Amazing to watch carrie fishe give  george lucas  an award. Spend time with betty white, monty hall backstage, that was amazing too. There was this feeling in the ', 'stuff dropped on the show. Crazy. Amazing to watch carrie fishe give george lucas an award. Spend time with betty white, monty hall backstage, that was amazing too. There was this feeling in the air that ', "custom 3d glasses. A movie poster. And a small popcorn. And it comes just days after movie titan steven spielberg and  george lucas  made a dire prediction. If the movie industry doesn't change the way it does business, it may be headed for a scene ", "popcorn. And it comes just days after movie titan steven spielberg and george lucas made a dire prediction. If the movie industry doesn't change the way it does business, it may be headed for a scene ", "what. Going to the that the helicopter fifty bucks maybe a hundred 150. The USC panel discussion that aired on CNBC  George Lucas  and Steven Spielberg explained all. In the future some movie tickets will cost more than others you're gonna have ", "a hundred -- 150. The USC panel discussion that aired on CNBC George Lucas and Steven Spielberg explained all. In the future some movie tickets will cost more than others you're gonna have to pay 25 ", 'When  George Lucas  cannot find a film company to bankroll the first black In the military will  George Lucas  what did he do he used his own money know I enjoyed talking with director  George Lucas  and actors David yellow neo. And Nate ', 'When George Lucas cannot find a film company to bankroll his film red tails a story of the Tuskegee airmen the first black -- -- In the military will George Lucas what did he do he used his own money over ninety million dollars to get this film made. And as even John ', 'In the war -- so you know I enjoyed talking with director George Lucas and actors David -- yellow neo. And Nate Parker -- attempts. George this has been a true labor of love for you ', 'up you better have your popcorn early because you are about action George Lucas no this is. This is a true old fashioned popcorn movie just exciting that you. Do last few cries here on the ', "important thing of Now Hanks experience and Lucas film doesn't just and there. You can check back to follow he meets with  George Lucas 's animation sound and special effects experts. I'm standing up for here.", "there. You can check back to follow -- -- he meets with George Lucas's animation sound and special effects experts. I'm standing up for here. ", "history teacher. We'll leave it to director producer  George Lucas  to make that happen his award winning series the adventures it's just the beginning of what He has in store in  George lucas '. Good thing you could see you here. So you in high ", "Indiana Jones for the history teacher. We'll leave it to director producer George Lucas to make that happen his award winning series the adventures of young Indiana Jones has just been released. An extraordinary box set combining a young Indies rollicking exploits with the facts behind the fiction. And it's just the beginning of what He has in store in George lucas' . Good thing you could see you here. So you in high school good student. Not a very good -- not a very ", "Gene Siskel, Roger Ebert disagree with John Simon's assessment of the  George Lucas  films.", "Going behind the curtain at  George Lucas'  legendary Industrial Light and Magic.", 'Director  George Lucas  serves as moviemaking mentor to Army veteran Henry Hughes.', 'billion. Movies ranging from "the nutty professor" to "the klump" brought her more. Getting up near madonna,  george lucas  and steven spielberg. Filthy rich and working on a new album. On her way to 2 billion. Yes, exactly. This story ', 'nutty professor" to "the klump" brought her more. Getting up near madonna, george lucas and steven spielberg. Filthy rich and working on a new album. On her way to 2 billion. Yes, exactly. This story is ', "Wars weekend here at Disney and fans from all over the place have been and you got. Don't and a little over Howard  George Lucas  himself will be here to kick things off a lot of amazing stuff is going to be a big big George. It's right to Lucas ", "have been -- and you got. Don't and a little over Howard George Lucas himself will be here to kick things off a lot of amazing stuff -- is going to be a big big George. ", "From Obi wan. When you tour  George lucas ' empire but do they don't be gonna vote and I look at all.  George Lucas  and director Dave Maloney converted have. And mention. That that  George Lucas  told me a little tidbit about the ", "used a few light Saber instructions. From Obi wan. When you tour George lucas' empire but do they don't be surprised at the empire strikes back. Poll that's not a guy learned that's -- always get ", "and I'm Bob and I'm gonna vote and I look at all. George Lucas and director Dave Maloney converted me into a clone wars' captain after a nanometer laser scan my head. Long enough for a ", 'Tim you can pick up. A I have. And mention. That that George Lucas told me a little tidbit about the status of Indiana Jones five. While we -- shooting that interview He said that Stephen Spielberg and Harrison Ford are both looking to do it. The George Lucas now has defined what He calls the -- often. Which is the item that Indiana searches for the powers the story along ', "Bjork. How could it be if you've never seen it seems  George Lucas  doesn't want you to in May 2002 we told Maxim Magazine official video or dvd but there are bootlegs. It even  George Lucas  can't stop the Internet Good taste in legal restrictions ", "Bjork. How could it be if you've never seen -- it seems George Lucas doesn't want you to in May 2002 we told Maxim Magazine. That's one of those things that happened in that just have to live with it. There's no official video or dvd but there are bootlegs. It even George Lucas can't stop the Internet -- Good taste in legal restrictions prevent us from -- more than a few seconds. For instance we ", 'already feel the reverberations. And it may ninth the mountain Rushmore of action films Harrison Ford Steven Spielberg  George Lucas . And joining them of course the new actor on the block Shia LaBeouf and we saw him here just a few days ago this morning ', 'may ninth the mountain Rushmore of action films Harrison Ford Steven Spielberg George Lucas . And joining them of course the new actor on the block Shia LaBeouf and we saw him here just a few days ', "and the late Richard Pryor. Elijah jumps from epic trilogy to a shorter medium as a standup comic in setup punch.  George Lucas 's daughter he wrote the views within intriguing story about a family tragedy in what's left what's lost. Still ", "trilogy to a shorter medium as a standup comic in setup punch. George Lucas's daughter he wrote the views within intriguing story about a family tragedy in what's left what's lost. Still not convinced project is ", '2001 space other classic movie began his career back in the 1930s and of course claim to fame. Was Star Wars and  George Lucas  released an incredibly flattering statement saying he was already a legend of the business before he became with a set ', 'the 1930s and of course claim to fame. Was Star Wars and George Lucas released an incredibly flattering statement saying he was already a legend of the business before he became with a set of Star ', "after the first issue of the first satire I didn't what are we doing in the artwork. One and I both got a letter from  George Lucas  thing out there should be Academy Awards for satire when predicting told one from Mort Drucker. And and I totally enjoyed ", 'doing in the artwork. One and I both got a letter from George Lucas thing out there should be Academy Awards for satire when predicting -- told one from Mort Drucker. And and I totally enjoyed ']