["seemed to haunt him we were wrong. And reward future generations to explain why. MacNamara continued his public may in  Errol morris ' Oscar winning documentary the fog of war. Any military commander who is honest with himself or those he's and that ", "generations to explain why. MacNamara continued his public may -- -- in Errol morris' Oscar winning documentary the fog of war. Any military commander who is honest with himself or those he's -- -- and -- ", "today is the latest work noted documentary filmmaker  Errol Morris  it's a movie that focuses on the soldiers. Who photographed I a columnist at the variety and I'm talking about  Errol morris ' standard operating procedure. Earl Morris is a documentary ", "American theaters today is the latest work -- -- noted documentary filmmaker Errol Morris it's a movie that focuses on the soldiers. Who photographed the infamous images of torture in Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison the movie is called standard operating procedure and we asked variety movie critic -- Thompson. To give us a sense of the -- I'm Diane Thompson I -- a columnist at the variety and I'm talking about Errol morris' standard operating procedure. Earl Morris is a documentary filmmaker who is trying to examine. What really happened. Behind the photos that were ", "today is the latest work noted documentary filmmaker  Errol Morris  it's a movie that focuses on the soldiers. Who photographed I'm a columnist at the variety and I'm talking about  Errol morris ' standard operating procedure. Morris is a documentary ", "American theaters today is the latest work -- -- noted documentary filmmaker Errol Morris it's a movie that focuses on the soldiers. Who photographed the infamous images of torture and Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison the movie is called standard operating procedure and we asked variety movie critic -- Thompson. To give us a sense of the -- I'm -- Thompson I'm a columnist at the variety and I'm talking about Errol morris' standard operating procedure. -- Morris is a documentary filmmaker who is trying to examine. What really happened to behind the photos that "]