['This report airs Dateline Friday, July 9 p.m. The two-hour report will not be available online.', "Machine must have malfunctioned. No. There's the forced air from the c-pap machine, still hissing past his ear; the breathing machine keeps his sleep apnea from killing him.", 'But then, the whole night had been off. Earlier, with everybody awake and Mary Sue off to her overnight office cleaning job, Billy helped the girls with school assignments.', "11-year-old Jessica Cope was the middle of Billy Cope's three girls. 12-year-old Amanda was the oldest. Baby Kyla was just 7.", "Jessica couldn't understand the math, and was way behind. There was big pressure from the teacher. Amanda volunteered to help, which meant that the four of them would miss the Wednesday night church service they always attended.", 'BILLY WAYNE COPE: I agreed with Mary Sue, my wife, to let her stay up as long as it took to get it done. ', 'BILLY WAYNE COPE: And I dreamed I got left behind. I dreamed I heard my daughter say, "Bye, Daddy." ', "He passed the room where the two youngest girls slept. If the rapture had come, they'd be gone to heaven. But, there they were in their beds. It was just a nightmare.", 'BILLY WAYNE COPE: So I just turned and I pushed on her door, but it got caught behind the closet door. And I kicked the door as hard as I could.', "And there she was before him on the bed. The horror: He saw the swollen body, saw the bruises. He saw the top she'd slept in, pulled up to expose her breast. He went over, covered her nakedness, felt the dead-cold skin. He went to the phone.", "ROCK HILL POLICE DEPARTMENT: Okay, you don't wanna try to CPR or anything on her?", 'The firemen arrived, their life saving gear useless. The detectives came. Billy followed them through the cramped rooms of his wildly cluttered house.', 'JASON DILLION, ROCK HILL FIRE DEPARTMENT: I asked what happened, and he informed me that she choked on her blanket and that she had a history of rolling in her sleep.', "Dozens of investigators packed the tiny house, looking for clues, but found it hard to tell what might be amiss. The family's possessions littered every room.", 'TODD GARDNER: It was hard to determine what was out of place and what was in place.', 'Clothes filled the corners, dishes crowded the sink, roaches scurried out when the freezer door was opened. Amanda lay fully dressed on top of her bed, surrounded by her books, new school pictures just back from the photographer, and her favorite green blanket. ', 'They took him downtown. Grilled him. 17 hours of questions over four days. And then, the news was as shocking as a thing could be: Billy was charged. ', 'Billy Wayne Cope has been charged with the murder of his 12-year-old daughter, Amanda. ', 'Except that what happened to that sweet girl here in this little white house is precisely what they did not know. The story of Billy Wayne Cope and his daughter Amanda is very strange, puzzling and, frankly, sometimes almost unbelievable. But what hangs above the whole bizarre business is one central question: If you are poor, insignificant, and powerless, what does justice look like from the house at 407 Rich Street?', "Amanda Cope's death left a raw wound in the places where she'd spent so much of her twelve years on this earth, especially here at church.", 'It seemed that, if the doors were open, Amanda was inside, singing, playing her violin or winning gold medals as a member of the Bible quiz team. More often than not, her chief cheerleader and Bible quiz coach was her dad, Billy.', "Susan Archie wouldn't believe Billy Cope killed anybody. But then, she's his sister and the devoted aunt to Amanda and her sisters. ", 'But then? Having hit some sort of bottom, Billy and Mary Sue started turning it around. They rented a new house on the ironically named Rich Street. It was still rundown and in an iffy neighborhood, but better. And things really started looking up when Billy got his degree in computer electronics from the local technical school. And here, on a fine day in springtime, the whole family attended his graduation ceremony. All good things seemed finally possible.', 'Billy loved being daddy to his little girls. He even dressed up with them at Halloween and Christmas.', "SUSAN ARCHIE: And the kids loved it. It was just something he loved doing, it was just his way of making 'em happy.", "In the meantime, Billy and Mary Sue scraped by, while sister Susan helped out, fearful that even the family's new neighborhood wasn't safe for her nieces.", "KEITH MORRISON: Ya know, if it was such a bad neighborhood, why'd they live there?", 'PHIL BAITY: Quite frankly, I thought he was guilty. When I first met him, he was stone-faced, he was not responsive, he showed no emotion.', "But who wouldn't have second thoughts, facing life in prison or possibly even the electric chair? Billy's two youngest girls were whisked back into foster care. Occasional phone calls were his only connection.", "Billy remained in jail as the case crawled through the system. And then, nearly a year after the murder, Baity got a call from the prosecutor's office. Would Baity come and meet with them on the case?", 'And suddenly, said Baity, after that meeting with the prosecutor, he had a moment of absolute clarity:', 'PHIL BAITY: Really, for the first time, I became convinced that my client was truly innocent and had been telling me the truth all this time. ', "And maybe, if Baity had known about the secrets in Billy Cope's case, he might have run from his revelation. But he didn't.", "PHIL BAITY: When this case kept getting more and more complicated, this old boy got overwhelmed, and I don't mind admitting it.", 'There was one thing the good people of Rock Hill, South Carolina, could quite reasonably assume as they absorbed the shock of the Amanda Cope murder: Billy Cope must have killed his own daughter.', 'So, now, they set about trying to understand what led to those confessions. This, at least, was in the record: Billy volunteered to talk with police. Detectives recorded some of the interrogation that followed, about three hours of it. ', 'Billy told detectives about his sleep disorder and the c-pap machine that kept him breathing at night. The pump was noisy; he had to wear a mask. He and his girls also kept fans running all night in their bedrooms, and those noises could have drowned out any intruder.', 'Hour after hour, he repeated his denials, over and over... The transcript of that interrogation confirms that Billy denied killing Amanda more than 6 hundred and 50 times.', "JIM MORTON: You can clearly hear on that tape that they have made up their mind that Billy Cope sexually assaulted and murdered his own daughter. And there's nothing that he can say and there is no evidence that can be found that's going to change their mind.", "Then, as the fourth hour of questioning began, Billy Cope actually begged for a lie detector test. He expected he said it would set him free... He'd taken them for job applications, he said, he trusted the test.", 'But, by the time police escorted Cope to his house for a videotaped reenactment, Billy said, the certainty that he was innocent had returned. ', 'But he was wrong. Police accepted his confessions even though none of them matched.', "And something else didn't fit about those days of interrogation: Billy asked for, and was appointed, a public defender the day he was arrested. B.J. Barrowclough was assigned, but, when he went to the police station, attempting to see his client....", "Barrowclough persisted, and still they wouldn't let him see Billy. Instead, investigators produced this note signed by Cope.", 'Only after Billy Cope finished the reenactment and final written confession was the public defender allowed to see him...', 'Now, surely, thought lawyer Phil Baity, police would see Billy Cope had been telling the truth in those 600 and some denials. He faced the local media with something that sounded like confidence.', "PHIL BAITY: We are very happy to see that an alternate defendant, an alternate perpetrator, has been identified by the police, and this is certainly consistent with the defense's view of the case.", 'But there was, soon enough, another sobering fact to crush any emerging bravado:', "Then, six weeks before Amanda was murdered, Sanders was paroled, and a now-divorced Sanders moved into a girlfriend's house, less than a five minute walk from the cope's house.", 'Four miles away, less than a week later, a young mother identified Sanders as the man who slipped into her second-floor apartment and assaulted her while her three children slept and heard nothing. Three days later, less than a milefrom the Cope house, yet another female identified Sanders as the man who had attempted a sexual assault. ', 'In every case, police reports showed sanders attacked at night, indicated no accomplice, and left no sign of forced entry. ', "Cope adamantly insisted it was because he'd never met James Sanders, only saw him for the first time when they were both housed in the same jail, and even then didn't know who he was though Sanders seemed to know him.", "PHIL BAITY: It seems that a couple of the officers may have wired your client's wife for sound and sent her into the cell to talk to your client after you were appointed his counsel, without any notice to you.", 'Only her side of the conversation was on the tape ... at least, the portion given to the lawyers. But it was clear from her questions that Billy denied killing Amanda.', "Mary Sue: If you're saying you didn't do it, then somebody else did. We need to find who did. ", "By now, Cope's defense team had grown to include his sister Susan, and family friend and fellow church member Amy Simmons. ", "Both women told the lawyers Mary Sue didn't want to go undercover for police, but detectives showed her the gruesome autopsy pictures and Billy's confessions, and then they threatened her, said these women, that if she didn't help them get another confession from her husband, she would be sorry. ", 'But when it was over, Mary Sue was convinced: she had learned to read him well enough, she said, that she knew he was innocent. ', 'AMY SIMMONS: She said, "Amy, I looked him straight in the eyes, he denied everything to me." She said, "I don\'t believe that he did it."', 'PHIL BAITY: I honestly believe that he was getting real attached to her and he trusted her completely.', 'PHIL BAITY: And we began noticing right away that the facts of the case did not match the facts that were in the confessions.', "JIM MORTON: One of the main factual problems is, in the video reenactment, Billy says that he jumped on his daughter's back from behind and choked her with two hands from behind. ", 'CONFESSION TAPE: Our pathologist will testify that she was choked from the front with a right hand on her neck.', "And something else: in some of his confessions, Cope said he sexually assaulted his daughter with a broom handle. The state's DNA lab tested the handle of every mop and broom they found in the whole house, and not one tested positive for anybody's DNA.", "PHIL BAITY: Billy Cope could not have done what he said he did on all of those confessions and not left one trace of himself in that room. He would have had to have been a ghost and that's obviously that's not what happened.", 'JIM MORTON: Now, for them not to have taken that evidence in, to me, is really astonishing.', 'In the police evidence room, the lawyers found bags of evidence , marked "not examined." Most surprising? Not one fingerprint was collected in the entire house. ', "And there was one more police claim that now, to the lawyers, just didn't seem to add up. The police said James Sanders did not break into Billy's house, no sign of forced entry. But listen to this: when officers took Cope back for that re-enactment, Billy said one of them jimmied the ancient back door quickly and easily, without any key.", 'More than ever, the defense team was convinced that Billy had been charged with murdering Amanda based on a false confession, with no evidence to back it up.', "But how could they possibly persuade a jury that a loving father would voluntarily confess four times to killing his own daughter if he didn't do it? Impossible.", "An air of urgency hung in the space between defense attorneys Phil Baity and Jim Morton. Dateline cameras were along as they made the long trip from South Carolina to Williamstown, Massachusetts, on their way to see the one person who might be able to solve this puzzle. Why would a man in his right mind confess four times to killing his own daughter if he didn't actually do it? Billy Cope's trial was fast approaching. They needed to answer that question. ", "SAUL KASSIN: You're gonna have to overcome a great deal of common sense and intuition because most people don't believe that people confess to crimes they didn't commit.", 'Kassin told the lawyers that scores of similar cases are on file all around the country.', 'SAUL KASSIN: It provides all the cues that a trained interrogator looks for as a diagnostic of innocence.', "And, in those hours of Cope's audio-taped denials, said Dr. Kassin, he heard interrogators do something else.", "With that seed in his exhausted and confused mind, said Kassin, the four confessions that followed weren't so very surprising. Then, the lawyers told Kassin the story of Mary Sue's jailhouse visit with Billy.", "SAUL KASSIN: What he re-enacts, we know didn't happen. So, by definition, this new co-defendant renders the whole confession false. The confession doesn't match the crime.", 'SAUL KASSIN: When a case comes along of this nature, I reach this threshold point of outrage over the facts of the case and this is one of them. ', "PHIL BAITY: Couldn't ask for a better reaction. Had a great meeting. Great meeting.", 'Probably a good thing to savor the day because, back in South Carolina, a surprise was in store.', "PHIL BAITY: We're gonna have to show them our hand. You know? We're gonna go in there and basically try the criminal case in family court. ", 'In other words, said Billy, to show his daughters that he loved them, he would embrace a very risky legal strategy, jeopardizing his chances of being acquitted of murder...just as his lawyers feared.', 'JIM MORTON: We have prepared him for the worse. We have prepared for Kyla and Jessica telling the judge that they did not want to be around him, that they were afraid of him. ', "Billy's lawyers were depressed. The risky legal move had put them at a disadvantage in exchange for, it turned out, nothing good. And then? Well, bad news often comes in batches. But this? With this, the bottom fell out. ", 'It was a simple phone call. But, if the caller was telling the truth, then the defense lawyers had been played for fools all along.', 'AMY SIMMONS: I had to do the right thing morally and ethically, and so, I let both the defense and the detective in the prosecution in the case know that I had received the letter.', "AMY SIMMONS: I was just real shocked. Because, normally, I get letters that talk about his week, what he's done, who's been there to visit. And, this time, the letter basically said that he had been instructed by God to tell me what he had done to Amanda.", 'JIM MORTON: This report came back from the state law enforcement division, which indicated that their expert believes that Billy was the author.', 'JIM MORTON: It just sucks all the wind out of you. Our case, I think, went from having a real good shot at winning to probably now a real good shot at losing.', "Amy Simmons admitted that at the very same time she'd been attending the regular meetings of the defense team, she'd also been giving information to the prosecutor.", "Was Amy Simmons a spy for the prosecution, who'd befriended Billy only to betray him?", 'PHIL BAITY: Before we hog tie and throw our client to the wolves, why in the hell is she writing him all the time?', 'Had Amy somehow invented this new confession? No one had access to as much written material from Billy Cope as she did, and there was no doubt Billy addressed the envelopes she turned in.', "Besides, the type of paper the letters were written on wasn't even available to inmates at that prison.", 'Jim Morton: We started doing some research about Amy Simmons. We found out that she had been suspended from her job as a nurse for forgeries that she had committed while in her employment at a nursing home.', 'But then, with the trial just days away, handwriting expert Mickey Dawson told the defense team that he could not testify the "I killed Amanda "letter was a forgery. He just didn\'t know.', 'They stared at the offending letter. If Amy Simmons forged the confession letter, as they suspected, how did she do it? What was it that looked wrong about this thing?', 'MICHAEL SMITH: By the time we finished, the entire confession letter was highlighted.', "It was a monumental discovery... A forgery so good it fooled one of the best handwriting analysts. Quite possibly, this was the breakthrough Billy Cope's defense desperately needed.", 'Armed with that new analysis, Phil Baity went again to the handwriting expert...and this time?', 'This letter was a gift. Sanders had never met Billy Cope...had never once even seen him? Remember, prosecutors were going to claim that Billy Cope invited Sanders into his house for the purpose of assaulting Amanda, and the two of them completed that horrible deed together. But if Sanders had never met Billy Cope, then how could Billy have conspired with Sanders? The defense lawyers rejoiced; this letter could help. A lot.', 'Finally it was time for a prosecution, and, from day one of the trial, it was clear that James Sanders, the DNA-indentified attacker, was a bit player in a story that was mostly about his alleged co-conspirator, Billy Cope.', "WILLIE THOMPSON: Billy Cope served up his daughter for his and James Sanders' own perverse pleasures and took her life.", 'Billy Cope himself, said the prosecution, provided the clues that pointed to guilt, starting with that weirdly calm 911 call.', 'It was strange, according to the first responders. Cope, they testified, was asking the sort of questions a guilty man would ask.', 'To underscore the police theory that Cope opened his home to Sanders, more than one investigator took the stand to report there was no sign anywhere of forced entry. ', 'JERRY WALDROP, INVESTIGATOR: There was no signs of anybody entering any of the windows of this residence at all.', "The state's pathologist agreed. He said Amanda was likely strangled from the back, with someone's bare hands. Just the way Billy showed in his reenactment. And he said the sexual assault injuries could easily have been caused by the broom mentioned in some of cope's confessions.", "Taken together, said the investigators, the lame story about the blanket, the lack of evidence for a break-in, the pathologist's observations, looked like cope did it and then staged the whole thing in an effort to protect himself.", 'Did Mr. Cope ever ask for an attorney during this entire first process throughout the day?', "The jury listened to details of Cope's four confessions, prosecutor Brackett read aloud.", 'KEVIN BRACKETT: I started strangling her with my hands. Amanda was pulling at my hands and I let go and started hitting her in the head. Then I went back to strangling her. Then she went limp. ', 'AMY SIMMONS: How did he sign this letter? Keep the faith always, Billy Tinker Cope.', "The state's document examiner testified that the letter certainly looked real to him.", "An oppressive September sun thickened the blanket of heat around the courthouse in York County, South Carolina. Inside, in the artificial cool, Billy Wayne Cope's defense team struggled to explain a difficult idea: that a father who confessed four times to killing his daughter didn't actually do it.", "PHIL BAITY: Well, I submit, ladies and gentlemen, we're going to be sitting here for the next two weeks simply because the Rock Hill police department made a mistake.", "He wouldn't be here on trial, said lawyer Phil Baity, if Cope's house had been clean and tidy. if he'd reacted to his daughter's death the way police thought he should have, Billy Cope would be attending the murder trial simply as grieving dad, not a co-defendant. And in their rush, said Baity, they skipped crucial police work. ", 'DEFENSE ATTORNEY SMITH: Did you look to see if he had any blood on his clothing?', 'DEFENSE ATTORNEY SMITH: Did you look for any scratches or bruises or any other marks that may have been on him?', "And, once they got those confessions, said the defense, the police didn't bother to see whether evidence at the scene matched the stories Billy told. The video game story, for example: in one of his confessions, Billy said he used the handheld game to beat Amanda, which would have made it a murder weapon. And yet?", "MR.SMITH: You did not collect the video game that Mr. Cope purports to use on Amanda's face?", "MR. GARDNER: No, sir. I finally seen the video game a couple days ago in one of these photographs and again in a video. And that's the first time I seen it.", 'PHIL BAITY: Doctor, was there any evidence of an attack from the rear of this-- on this-- this poor young lady?', 'And then there was issue of how James Sanders got into the house to kill Amanda. Detectives testified there was no sign of forced entry. And yet, a lock expert for the defense told jurors that, even when the Cope house was locked up tight, it could easily be entered by simply using a credit card in the door.', "AMY SIMMONS: They're there. I have all the confidence that I won't have a problem. ", 'PHIL BAITY: I want to give you an opportunity to tell the jury that you forged that letter.', 'MARVIN H. DAWSON JR.: It is most probably a simulation. Both documents are simulations.', "PHIL BAITY: Did Mr. Cope's performance on this test indicate deception or truthfulness?", 'DR. CHARLES HONTS: It indicated truthfulness to me. He should have been told he passed it.', "Proof of that? Here's the detective who secretly wired Billy Cope's wife Mary Sue a month after the crime and sent her into the jail to question him, seeking yet another confession.", "DETECTIVE BLACKWELDER: Did I tell Mary Sue that their dad's DNA had been found on her daughter Amanda?", "But the big question, by far the most important, was this: Why would any loving father admit to killing his child if he didn't really do it?", "Remember Saul Kassin, that false confession researcher? Now he took the stand, determined to convince the jury that Billy Cope's case is a classic example of a false confession.", "I don't want this jury put in fear that they are going to have to live the rest of their lives if they put an innocent man in jail because the joggers and all this other stuff happened.", "So, if Cope had never met Sanders, how was it possible for Cope to have conspired with Sanders to kill Amanda? Sander's letter was a direct attack on what police detective Cabiniss agreed was an assumption on his part that Cope had to be involved.", 'ATTORNEY MORTON: But, you have no evidence to link them together, physical or knowledge of each other or friendship or anything like that?', 'The rulings forced a risky decision. Billy Cope would take the stand. He could win the case....or lose it.', "He told the jury he begged for a polygraph because he was so confident it would prove his 600 and some denials were true. But when they told him he'd failed... ", 'The details for all his confessions? Cope claimed he got them from the men questioning him about the murder.', "Would the jury believe him? The false confession defense was a hard sell. They'd know soon enough.", "Here in a South Carolina courtroom, just a few feet down the defense table from Billy Wayne Cope, sat a phantom: a man who seemed, at times, barely visible in the case at all. James Sanders had been charged as Cope's co-conspirator.", 'KEVIN BRACKETT: All I have to do is satisfy each of you that each one of them is guilty. And if they were both guilty, then they had to do it together.', 'And how could the jury know Cope was guilty? For a start, his calm demeanor on that 911 call, said prosecutor Brackett.', "KEVIN BRACKETT: This was a man who knew she'd been dead for some period of time and had been workin' on his story, cleanin' up the situation, stagin' the crime scene, fixing it up so that at 6:00 when the alarm went off, he could yell out and wake his kids up and start his show.", "All the jury needed to know, said the prosecutor, could be found in James Sander's DNA and Billy Cope's confessions.", "KEVIN BRACKETT: These men brutalized and hurt that child. They did unspeakable things to her. Today's the day they pay. Thank you.", 'The police jumped to conclusions far too soon, said Morton, and took advantage of a gullible man who just wanted to help.', "JIM MORTON: You cooperate with 'em. Every step of the way, you insist on taking a polygraph. Is that somebody who's tryin' to hide? Is that someone who is trying to stage the scene?", 'JUDGE HAYNES: You may convict one and acquit the other, or you may acquit both, or you may convict both. ', "Billy Cope's lawyers and supporters didn't have long to wait. It took a grand total of five hours for the jury to find both Cope and Sanders guilty of all charges. The sentence followed without further ado: life without parole for both. ", 'We organized an interview with the jury to learn how they evaluated the case. And when they were assembled, Prosecutor Brackett turned up with his own video camera and advisedthe jury not to speak unless he was present to approve what they said. We cancelled the interview. ', 'But, months after the trial, our continued efforts netted two jurors who agreed to speak with Dateline out of the presence of the prosecutor.', "It was clear the jury had no trouble, though, trusting Billy Cope's confessions.", 'KEITH MORRISON: Not one confession, not even two, not even three, four confessions. How important was that to you?', "BILL LEFLER: That was my thought, yes sir. I mean, as a parent, had I not done it, you couldn'ta beat that confession outta me.", 'KEITH MORRISON: What would you expect him to do in court if you were falsely accused?', 'KEITH MORRISON: The prosecution suggested that Billy Wayne Cope let James Sanders in. Did they show you any evidence of that connection between the two?', 'The months have grown into years now since the jury sent Billy Wayne Cope off to prison for life. Another family is trying to make do in that little run-down house on Rich Street. Most weeks, Billy talks to one of his lawyers on the telephone, lawyers haunted by the difficult days of that trial.', 'And Morton is, it turns out, not alone. False confession expert Saul Kassin has written about, and now teaches his students about, the Cope case as a clear example of what he believesan innocent person under stress can sometimes be induced to say.', "DR. KASSIN: Innocent people are cooperative. They waive their right to silence. They waive their right to counsel. They agree to take lie detector tests, so innocent people put themselves willingly and voluntarily at risk because they don't believe they have anything to fear or anything to hide.", "Steve Drizin is director of the famed Center for Wrongful Convictions at Northwestern University. The Cope case? Drizin believes it's a classic wrongful conviction.", "DAVID BRUCK: There really couldn't be a worse error than to convict a man of killing and raping his own daughter if he didn't do it. "]