['edition. Good morning to you all. And to you. And rejoice "iron man," fans. Robert downey jr. Signed on for " the avengers ." The first of the two "avenger" sequels set to open in may 2015, when he will be 50 years young. A lucrative ', 'you. And rejoice "iron man," fans. Robert downey jr. Signed on for " the avengers ." The first of the two "avenger" sequels set to open in may 2015, when he will be 50 years young. A lucrative ', 'worldwide headlines tonight the super heroes of  the avengers  smashing records and tonight. of  the avengers  had the biggest US opening. Ever this weekend first three days in the US and Canada.  The avengers  200 million comfortably meets that eclipsing ', "168. Million in its first three days in the US and Canada. The avengers 200 million comfortably meets that eclipsing other super movies. That man the dark night. Spider-Man three me. And the hunger games all took in 150 million in their first three days. Respectable but not even close to the avengers I think we're looking at. By far the biggest summer ever. Avengers is. Blowing the doors open the movie has been called an ocean's eleven in spandex. And all star cast assembled to play at all star cast of superheroes. Iron Man. Black widow of Captain America floor and the incredible Hulk. This movie should really by all accounts not work these characters do not belong to in this movie isn't possible but at the box office as in this grip. Hold is more powerful than the sum of the heart. I think the avengers have written a new formula a new formula not just in casting the distribution. The movie has already opened in 52 countries ", 'Hollywood studios increasingly recognize the enthusiasm of overseas audiences. Enthusiasm that in the avengers case translates into 441. Million dollars in foreign revenues. A worldwide total so far -- -- bigger than the entire US run. Of Titanic. Avengers is truly. Raking them -- -- David Wright ABC news Hollywood. ', "hitting US theaters may fourth in  the avengers . Evans is back as Captain America christening of injustice and yeah  the avengers  I can't miss Florida has had I'm glad I was come to the bar  avengers  Apple's I wanna plug the movie ", "a little. Whose government since that she christening of injustice and yeah the avengers I can't miss Florida has had both -- there's got. Guy is so great dad worked that I just you know world dominant Albuquerque knows from there and visited Chandra to make it more the -- wanted to -- The camaraderie and unity so -- and on weekends -- -- and -- let's go. I'm glad I was come to the bar avengers -- Apple's I wanna plug the movie -- we -- Goudie avengers opens nationwide this Friday. Right now we need -- to Sam Champion in the weather. Avengers . Assemble. -- -- it's an elderly Tutsi. ", "call ourselves team. Earth's mightiest heroes have In  the avengers  it's just the 65 seconds C. Robert Downey junior's moving in such a set for release on May fourth.  The avengers  seeks to provide a story crescendo. For the loyal citizens ", "what we call ourselves -- team. Earth's mightiest heroes have -- In the avengers it's just the 65 seconds C. Robert Downey junior's Tony Stark out of his Iron Man -- With no more special effects ", 'moving in such a -- -- set for release on May fourth. The avengers seeks to provide a story -- crescendo. For the loyal citizens of fan -- nations. The audience is trying to character in ', "Scarlett Johansson Chris Hemsworth and Jeremy they are  the avengers  the superhero blockbuster will kick off the summer season may fourth. Here's just a bit of a take a look.  The avengers . It's what we call ourselves and team. Earth's ", "Robert Downey junior Scarlett Johansson Chris Hemsworth and Jeremy -- they are the avengers the superhero blockbuster will kick off the summer season may fourth. Here's just a bit of a take a look. The avengers . It's what we call ourselves and -- -- team. Earth's mightiest heroes. I've met -- Six as -- to get any traction ", "of course I'm wearing Green in your honor thank you are playing the I actually did not I didn't plan Not that way  the avengers  huge movie great reviews Jersey one of this summer's biggest blockbusters and we would like you to tell us about the ", "-- I actually did not I didn't plan -- Not that way the avengers huge movie great reviews Jersey -- one of this summer's biggest blockbusters and we would like you to tell us about the ", "New York doesn't even open for several weeks but some people already can't wait for closing night. Why because  the avengers  has just been announced as the festival's closing night film. The marvel superhero adventure stars Robert Downey ", "weeks but some people already can't wait for closing night. Why because the avengers has just been announced as the festival's closing night film. The marvel superhero adventure stars Robert Downey junior Chris Evans Scarlett Johansson ", "more comical red The real deal that this is revealing. And we the yeah a phenomenal success war horse out December  the avengers  is due in May 2012. And here in New York head over to the New York comic on free sneak peek. Time that'll stand ", 'the yeah -- -- a phenomenal success war horse -- out December the avengers is due in May 2012. And here in New York head over to the New York comic on free sneak peek. Time ', "probably Atlanta relief act in no way. And children We don't who. I think we're looking at by far the biggest summer  Avengers  is blowing the doors open. Moon so it was a big moving back to the gay marriage as you just briefly for a second. New York ", "who. I think we're looking at by far the biggest summer -- Avengers is blowing the doors open. Moon so it was a big moving back to the gay marriage as you just briefly for ", 'insomniac theatre and take on a movie that had the biggest US opening. Ever crazy cash. You never ever have the super only  avengers  is the first movie to make more than 200 million dollars in a single weekend. Our digital news manager Jamie McCarty check ', 'opening. Ever crazy cash. You never ever have the super -- only avengers is the first movie to make more than 200 million dollars in a single weekend. Our digital news manager Jamie McCarty check ', "spot for too long the final and maybe it's just weeks away I think we're looking at. By far the biggest summer ever.  Avengers  is blowing the doors open. So what's next for the epic franchise well Iron Man three hits theaters and when he thirteen ", "away I think we're looking at. By far the biggest summer ever. Avengers is blowing the doors open. So what's next for the epic franchise well Iron Man three hits theaters and when he thirteen. ", "take some time of building other movies now the characters and an them together in one way or another. Well they did  the avengers  it's certainly was quite the hit you know so I think. You have an energy of people liking something very punish them ", "them together in one way or another. Well -- -- they did the avengers it's certainly was quite the hit you know so I think. You have an energy of people liking something very punish them ", "culminating now finally in  the avengers  which I've been shooting This incredible cast  Jeremy Renner  and Scarlett Johansson mentioned been working on  the avengers  it comes out next year little I can say okay  the avengers  without being assassinated ", "who I am man. Who shield is and culminating now finally in the avengers which I've been shooting all summer with. This incredible cast Jeremy Renner and Scarlett Johansson and mark rough below and Sam Jackson it's just it's it's an unbelievable game I'm pretty lucky. -- -- ", "only on the thawra blue -- And you mentioned been working on the avengers it comes out next year and this. This show and her so much buzz around this what's -- is Roland. You know Colson. I guess there's very little I can say okay the avengers without being assassinated as a nation building an article -- But what I can say is that this this is the movie ", "For  the avengers  the biggest domestic opening ever is Acura. You you return gas. crossed  the avengers  fan merchandise. Never got much I think you'll do it and with a blockbuster like  the avengers  the live. These days with movies marketed ", 'For the avengers the biggest domestic opening ever is literally just the price of admission. More than 200 million dollars at the box office just ', "you return gas. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- crossed the avengers fan merchandise. Never got much -- I think my mom hasn't come here like this promo for target. Movies cost a lot when everything you do defray those expenses you'll do it and with a blockbuster like the avengers -- -- the live. These days with movies marketed justice heavily overseas as they are in this country their product placements for ", "awareness of the branding China increased twice. It's the kinds of very. The avengers already running in 52 countries took advantage of the international angle to. Without liquor he'll miss it reference to all -- bomb ", "The evening the short answer why  the avengers  triumph to his people went to see an audience. Another secret to  the avengers  success. Blockbuster's get blockbusters Are now going back. Finally  the avengers  has a message of unity. In the ", 'Wright has some ideas. All. The evening -- the short answer why the avengers triumph to his people went to see it people of all time just the band. Half the audience was over 25. Grown ', "better marketing. And word of mouth from an audience. Another secret to the avengers success. -- Blockbuster's -- get blockbusters the movie succeeds. In part because of what came before it. The moviegoing audience seems to be in the mood for blockbusters. The badgers didn't just beat Harry Potter and you can't -- it also benefited from. Are now going back. Finally the avengers has a message of unity. In the film a group of talented and Madonna's. Overcome their differences to defeated common. If only ", 'First trailer for  the avengers  movie is out and it nearly cracked Internet in half take a look now turn into an enormous screen Richmond street. That is a trailer  the avengers  hits theaters may fourth 2012 put up marvel studios part of Disney ', "First trailer for the avengers movie is out and it nearly cracked -- Internet in half take a look now at an extended. Clip. Of next year's ", 'control turn into an enormous screen Richmond street. That is a trailer the avengers hits theaters may fourth 2012 -- -- put up -- marvel studios part of Disney company as He is ABC news. ', "needed but also those over well. This weekend box office  the avengers  broke records. Even out doing that little number that remember the adventures of course it's marvell  the avengers  right in Disney bought marvell. In 2009. For four point ", '-- -- -- -- over -- -- well. This weekend box office the avengers broke records. Even out doing that little number that we we talk but every now and and the hunger games. Right. -- ', "through theme park and remember the adventures of course it's marvell -- the avengers right in Disney bought marvell. In 2009. For four point two billion dollars so here. Really again seem to play into that ", "and I'm. I had some trading comments that is not in  the avengers  one like that you don't know he's in the right and that's to get together this is making another three and  avengers  to couldn't go to and it can you imagine her mom that ", "that's -- -- to get together this is making another three and avengers to couldn't go to and it can you imagine her mom that wouldn't imagine Robert Downey junior -- assignment here. I've seen ", "much respect all you. We can't protect your can be sure won't mention. people you have just seen a scene from  the avengers  which kicks off this summer in this world and will make a pile of money and also. Which doesn't happen a lot that ", "sure won't mention. -- people you have just seen a scene from the avengers which kicks off this summer in this world and will make a pile of money and also. Which doesn't happen a lot "]