["dialogue happened this year on the season opener of  South Park . Where they explored how the N word can just pop language in our next segment to be offensive.  Comedy central 's  The Daily Show  seized on the proposals by some politicians like ", "audience may find the language in our next segment to be offensive. Comedy central's The Daily Show seized on the proposals by some politicians like New York City councilman LeRoy com rate to ban the N word. As a ", 'how we roll at "good morning america." Yeah. The presidential candidates not the only ones duking it out this week. " The daily show \'s" jon stewart and fox news\' bill o\'reilly, getting ready for a showdown. This saturday, half of all proceeds go ', 'The presidential candidates not the only ones duking it out this week. " The daily show\'s " jon stewart and fox news\' bill o\'reilly, getting ready for a showdown. This saturday, half of all proceeds go to charity. It\'s ', 'jerry got me through the tougher times. Reporter: Pattinson played it close to the vest but kept smiling last night on " the daily show ," his first interview incidence breaking up with kristen stewart, after the public revelation that she cheated on him ', 'played it close to the vest but kept smiling last night on " the daily show ," his first interview incidence breaking up with kristen stewart, after the public revelation that she cheated on him. I thought you and ', 'to speak on campus this clip of  The Daily Show  which we were able to find on at Viacom the company that owns  Comedy Central  and the They know 60000. Clicks 160000. Clips from their MTV  Comedy Central  and other networks. That have ', "York City invited Jim Gilchrist to speak on campus this clip of The Daily Show which we were able to find on YouTube has been viewed more than 68000. Times of course officials at Viacom the company that owns Comedy Central and -- the -- They know 60000. Clicks should've gone to their web -- I got up. Not -- to infect Viacom accuses YouTube of in the breaching itself by taking other companies' product without permission. Officials say they counted 160000. Clips from their MTV Comedy Central and other networks. That have been viewed more than one point five billion times on YouTube. Viacom and YouTube have been trying ", "Let's bring our guest right now hopefully we get a couple of laps here that the the about from  Comedy Central The Daily Show  correspondent for  the daily show  with Jon Stewart I have to ask you personable. 'cause of field correspondents at the most ", "couple of laps here that the -- the -- about -- from Comedy Central The Daily Show correspondent for the daily show with Jon Stewart I have to ask you personable. 'cause of field correspondents at the most influential. Network not network -- program ", "camera as the song. I am America plays in the background. The late night comics have come up with parodies including  comedy central 's the col Baer reports. I was so impressed by these ads folks that I. I have made some ads my loan from them. Hi ", "the background. The late night comics have come up with parodies including comedy central's the col Baer reports. I was so impressed by these ads folks that I. I have made some ads -- my loan ", 'returning from Iraq thanks to too familiar faces comedian Steven they are paid tribute to US forces by. Academics it was  Comedy Central  studio. And turning into a great died here beer ice cream and hot dogs and gifts that we helped to recruits what those ', '-- they are paid tribute to US forces by. Academics it was Comedy Central studio. And turning into a great died here beer ice cream and hot dogs and gifts that we helped to recruits -- ', "A  comedy central 's world news headquarters in New York. every senator Trent Lott will be joining us on what has been obviously a very very uneventful ", 'And now from  Comedy Central  our guest who modestly calls himself from broadcast legend. Hot act hey the call Marilyn far. It is the half hour pumped up patriotism ', 'And now from Comedy Central our guest who modestly calls himself from broadcast legend. -- -- Hot act hey -- -- the call Marilyn far. It is ', 'real president was addressing the nation from chicago,  comedy central  was delivering a slightly funnier acceptance speech honorary black people. Reporter: Taking a cue, " the daily show " beamed in a hologram george washington. It\'s been ', 'coverage. And while the real president was addressing the nation from chicago, comedy central was delivering a slightly funnier acceptance speech. Good evening, my fellow americans. I want to thank you for your continued faith in my ability -- that\'s my anger translator, luther. All of your votes were crucial in this victory. White folks that voted for me, you\'re honorary black people. Reporter: Taking a cue, " the daily show " beamed in a hologram george washington. It\'s been a really ugly election this year. Mostly negative campaigning. Half the country hes the ', "vote now is Jason Jones here from  The Daily Show  mr. emotional want to get but it's a joke that we get the first  Comedy Central  interview with. President Mitt All right it's still some who  Comedy Central  we thank you for being here joke ", 'Joining us that a vote now is Jason Jones here from The Daily Show mr. emotional want to get but -- the goods cheeses made so much money -- very emotional. Atlas test this is -- ', "the Toledo. That was the funniest Republican candidate this year. Rooting for the daily show -- -- but the Santorum was that that's what keeps you this McCain and later. It's me. It's. 9999. It -- any ", "it's a new animated show  South Park  it debuts on  Comedy Central . Its target is the Bush Administration carrier created little bush for  Comedy Central . Little bush follows the adventures little raffles or like the  South Park  gang. these guys have access ", "political satire and next generation television it's a new animated show -- South Park it debuts on Comedy Central . Its target is the Bush Administration. While they show may be controversial it is also somewhat revolutionary it's the first show to start as a cell -- series and move on to YouTube. And then get picked up by a cable TV network. And we spoke to the creator earlier this week. I'm -- carrier created little bush for Comedy Central . Little bush follows the adventures of little bush we'll see little constantly running. As they get involved -- hijinks the little gang it's kind of like the little raffles or like the South Park gang. -- these guys have access to nuclear weapons and all the power Washington. The main little gang is little George whose ", "meeting with five top liberal bloggers and appearing on  comedy central 's daily show. Later in the Philly suburbs the vice those on enthusiastic Obama supporters Jon Stewart on  The Daily Show . Asked the president what have you done that we don't ", "can't. This afternoon meeting with five top liberal bloggers and appearing on comedy central's daily show. Later in the Philly suburbs the vice president tried to channel populist anger on the a lot of our folks ", 'Jake Tapper is back big  South Park  and behind the scenes Well the creators of  South Park  have gone from skewering politics and culture on  Comedy Central . To now doing so on Stone and the kids from  South Park  Colorado have been amusing ', 'hardest tickets to get in your hands right now the creators of South Park brought their musical the book of Mormon. To Broadway so what audiences expect with Jake Tapper is back -- big South Park and -- behind the scenes what you think. Well the creators of South Park have gone from skewering religion politics and culture on Comedy Central . To now doing so on old Broadway. For fifteen years Trey Parker Matt Stone and the -- kids from South Park Colorado have been amusing and defending America. -- people are evil. Evil right down to their coal black car for seven of those years the two have been working on a show that will take their skewed views to a different audience fans of musical theater. Next week of the book of Mormon opens poking fun at the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints. -- should -- South Park has. Made fun of every religion wind -- go after mormons we grew up in Colorado so mormonism and mormons -- that ', 'work has involved show -- weather on -- bar. -- -- The South Park movie one song from which was nominated for an Academy Award. For team America world police featuring a Marion out of South ', "watched and it. You know I definitely think that I was -- South Park about about twelve. Eleven or 1211 about everything's about I'm step that -- kidnappers -- and so but I have the luxury of I felt parties like what he's epidemic when a president. And then -- went -- -- he's seen the show a couple times and I can sit there. We sit on the steps of the theater -- and and then we're watching these really like and in certain songs -- -- -- -- -- There's some hardcore stuff and it's over it's it's not worse than -- a lot of South Park episodes were able to pretty much say when when people ask how can I take my kids to this. -- like do you let your kids watch any episode of South Park and if they say yes and they have room. They insist though Mormon is an as the target of their skewering in ", 'And the winner of  The Daily Show  are fighting back against former female employees of  The Daily Show  were frustrated by their just weeks after the  Comedy Central  show hired actress and female staff members at  The Daily Show .', 'And the winner of The Daily Show are fighting back against a recent blog post on the celebrity site -- about dot com the desert outpost with titled the daily shows the woman problem. And the writer claimed former female employees of The Daily Show were frustrated by their experience working there. The posting came just weeks after the Comedy Central show hired actress and TV host a -- be a month as a correspondent. Current female staff members responded to the criticism ', 'The letter was signed by more than thirty female staff members at The Daily Show . ', "The over the  South Park  action and how quit and quick.  South Park  cartoon like don't and then I think  Comedy Central  really caved in Parker and on court  Comedy Central  wherever it is that  South Park . A function of ", "lot today is -- phone to make -- Mohammed. The over the South Park action and how about the new immigration law as -- fear what they want to do an Arizona and I would play the capitalist pig. You'll play the -- and we'll just took us. Goldman Sachs and everything going on and -- quit and -- quick. -- -- -- South Park cartoon like -- don't like it doesn't really matter for our discussion today. On the show. They decide to play with the ", 'I wonder. Is the response of stone and Parker and on court Comedy Central wherever it is that South Park . A function of our hysterical tendencies towards how we deal with Islam if we let some little sharper. Comes from the side ', "controversy from  South Park  long running cartoon series on  Comedy Central . Shows managed Harris reports  South Park  spoof of the Prophet we've been doing  South Park  we have never version of the  Comedy Central  and they made ", 'Now to a new controversy from South Park long running cartoon series on Comedy Central . Shows managed to offend just about every group you can think of -- -- jokes now -- spark something more serious. As Dan Harris reports South Park spoof of the Prophet Mohammed is drawing death threats. So far the satirical cartoon hugely popular with young people is known for ', "released a statement saying quote in the fourteen years we've been doing South Park we have never done a show that we couldn't stand behind. We delivered our version of the -- -- Comedy Central and they made a determination to Alter the episode. South Park is all about offending people that's practically their stated goal. And so the fact that they might have. -- so it's not ", "video site Hulu is losing two of its top shows.  Comedy Central  is pulling  The Daily Show  and the bear report after the sides couldn't will still be able to watch full episodes on  comedy central 's web site. For information on all of these ", "the popular video site Hulu is losing two of its top shows. Comedy Central is pulling The Daily Show and the -- bear report after the sides couldn't reach an agreement over fees. It shows -- -- taken off the site next Tuesday but fans will still be able to watch full episodes on comedy central's web site. For information on all of these stories log onto the technology pages abcnews.com. Those -- your tech -- I'm Gideon ", "and in. But now it's because  The Daily Show  it was really a lot of small steps comedian in New city that gave  Comedy Central . Some. Reason to might weigh that's how it got on  The Daily Show . And then I've long here daily ", "-- Tough but exciting times and in. But now it's because -- The Daily Show it was really a lot of small steps and I looked at it always has kind of ratcheting up credibility because you really. Can't operate at a certain level unless you have credibility right below it and so I just establish myself as a comedian in New -- city that gave Comedy Central . Some. Reason to -- might weigh -- that's how it got on The Daily Show . And then I've long -- -- -- here daily show. Gave -- He just enough credibility for a sitcom to take notice "]