["ranging from his cereal of choice ( Cap ' n Crunch ) to his favorite track on the what's your favorite cereal? [ cap ' n crunch  growing up. I haven't had cereal what's your favorite cereal? [ cap ' n crunch  growing up. I haven't had cereal ", 'impostor in the crunchy controversy over his rank,  Cap \' n Crunch  set the record straight, holding a press conference broadcast on his late-night YouTube talk show, "The  Cap \' n Crunch  Show," last night. The cereal mascot points out ', "Beloved cereal icon  Cap ' n Crunch  is involved in a soggy controversy liar and a traitor on Twitter.  Cap ' n Crunch  to Host Late-Night Internet Talk in a name? That which we call  Cap ' n Crunch , by any other name would taste ", "Watch out Kimmel and Fallon, a new character is emerging on the late night circuit. Starting this spring, the  Cap ' n Crunch  pirate will be hosting his very own YouTube talk show every other Tuesday at 11:35 p.m. ET. SLIDESHOW: 11 Sweet ", "Voodoo Doughnuts, thanks to two reporters who treated the plane to the renowned pastries decorated with everything from  Cap ' n Crunch  cereal to M & M candies. He said he didn't know the last time he had a doughnut, but noted his flavor was the ", 'morning," she said. "I\'m eating a lot of stuff that I ate in my childhood. Kraft Mac & Cheese, Pop-Tarts,  Cap \' n Crunch . Everything\'s filled with sugar." She told Jay Leno in March about indulging in "slutty brownies," a three-layer ', 'morning," she said. "I\'m eating a lot of stuff that I ate in my childhood. Kraft Mac & Cheese, Pop-Tarts,  Cap \' n Crunch . Everything\'s filled with sugar." She told Jay Leno in March about indulging in "slutty brownies," a three-layer ', 'popular frozen dessert chain. "Pinkberry, one of the world\'s largest and most important remaining vehicles for  Cap \' n Crunch , is too integral to the cereal and mochi markets to continue to act this way-and the company has veered so far from ', "Momofuku Milk Bar's Cereal Milk Ice Cream Slow-Cooked Rice Krispies Treats Tomato Gratin with Grape Nuts Topping  Cap ' n Crunch  Crab Cakes Chocolate-Dipped Peanut Butter Rice Krispies Treats", "contains more sugar than the 18 grams packed into a Twinkie. A shocking 44 children's cereals like Apple Jacks and  Cap ' n Crunch  contain more than the 11 grams of sugar in three Chips Ahoy cookies. In an effort to fight the increasing rates of ", "full. While on the set, a table full of free gourmet sandwiches , Pop-Tarts, and Garlin's favorite cereal,  Cap ' n Crunch  -- presented an endless temptation. Garlin now weighs in between 260 and 270 pounds, down from about 320 at his ", 'sandwiches, pop tarts, and Garlin\'s favorite cereal,  Cap \' n Crunch  -- present an endless temptation. "When I am working opts for grilled vegetables, instead of bagels and  Cap \' n Crunch ). Unlike many large comedians, Garlin didn\'t worry ', "adults, says a Yale University study. The least nutritious cereals -- such as Reese's Puffs, Lucky Charms and  Cap ' n Crunch  -- are often the most heavily marketed to children, found that researchers at Yale's Rudd Center for Food Policy ", "You call this story you don't think so Paul is scant evidence they may appear to be appalled mother it turns out the  Captain Crunch  is not actually captain. Take a look closely apparently it uniform and displace three stripes. And that tradition the ", 'they may appear to be appalled mother -- it turns out the Captain Crunch is not actually captain. Take a look closely apparently it -- uniform and displace three stripes. And that tradition the captain traditionally ', "to get this mobile shell led but we can't we couldn't Alex I do need to give you all follow up in news to everybody  Captain Crunch  maintaining his ranking. Now fighting back in and needed. Literally and figuratively press conference on his YouTube channel ", 'need to give you all follow up in -- news to everybody Captain Crunch maintaining his ranking. Now fighting back -- in and needed. Literally and figuratively press conference on his YouTube channel me. These serial ', 'Everybody time the next. You  Captain Crunch  here against Charlotte I was obsessive new online animated series called the  Captain Crunch  why. Going to be he had episodes throughout Tuesday starting at seven they want to  Captain Crunch . those kids captain. But they go ', "Everybody time -- the next. You Captain Crunch here -- against Charlotte I was obsessive -- assessment already sweet cereal because it never made it to my house with a family of seven it lasted for about ten. This everybody got -- a -- I'm gone a got tickets want someone to talk about captain -- uninteresting they're launching a late night talk show a new online animated series called the Captain Crunch why. Going to be he had -- episodes throughout the spring and summer -- do you choose their YouTube channel site. -- -- -- -- About Damon adult audience will be in new episode every Tuesday starting at seven they want to -- Captain Crunch . -- those kids captain. But they go get you can't get enough Captain -- -- Tyson should not be able to boot him. Want your child and -- got a surely they have not. Eat Captain Crunch . I want can't tell you eat it -- Carrying out giving by the way all the late night talk show hosts around ", 'The cartoon cereal mascot addresses recent revelations about the number of stripes on its sleeves.']