["desk. The panel. Good to have you back. Yeah. I like this. Very good. You know, once upon a time, conni conni  comic - con  was for the hard-core. And you just returned there. It's where actors go to be rock stars. Exactly. There's ", "like this. Very good. You know, once upon a time, conni conni comic-con was for the hard-core. And you just returned there. It's where actors go to be rock stars. Exactly. There's nothing like it ", 'Sandman" No. 1 was released, is such that the cover to  Comic - Con \'s official guide, given to every attendee, featured the new title. In an interview at  Comic - Con  International, Gaiman said that with the new title ', 'Getty Images Jennifer Lawrence lost her cool when running into Jeff Bridges at  Comic - Con  this past weekend. The Oscar-winning actress, there to promote two of her upcoming films, "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire ', 'fierce following among comic book fans thanks to her love for "geek culture" and regular appearances at San Diego\'s  Comic - Con . The 33-year-old actress born in Oklahoma also has appeared in "Iron Man 2" and "Magic Mike." While she gushed ', 'its ninth season, helping to launch a new spin-off channel and was greeted by more than 5,000 fans at the show\'s  Comic - Con  panel Sunday in Hall H at the San Diego Convention Center. "Always Sunny" cast members Rob McElhenney, Glenn Howerton ', 'The Dude is reuniting with Julianne Moore in his new film. Jeff Bridges came to  Comic - Con  on Saturday to offer fans an early look at "Seventh Son," expected in theaters next year. Bridges plays a witch hunter and Moore ', "Thor's evil brother, Loki, took over the Marvel Studios presentation at  Comic - Con  on Saturday. Lights flashed inside the San Diego Convention Center's largest exhibition hall, and Tom Hiddleston, dressed ", "Zombies superheroes aliens it's not politicized by its  comic con  kick off today. Streets downtown San Diego crawling with transformer action figure or the Julie catwoman Barbie doll.  Comic con  right through July 21.", "Zombies superheroes aliens it's not politicized by -- its comic con kick off today. Streets -- downtown San Diego crawling with all things comic -- -- -- with annual pop culture extravaganza is often running. Fans lining up outside a convention center hoping to get a first look are. Maybe even some freebies like a limited edition to put talk transformer action figure or the Julie -- catwoman Barbie doll. Comic con right through July 21. ", "desk. The panel. Good to have you back. Yeah. I like this. Very good. You know, once upon a time, conni conni  comic - con  was for the hard-core. And you just returned there. It's where actors go to be rock stars. Exactly. There's ", "like this. Very good. You know, once upon a time, conni conni comic-con was for the hard-core. And you just returned there. It's where actors go to be rock stars. Exactly. There's nothing like it ", 'biggest super mashup yet Superman at bat and go head to head on the big screen Warner Bros. made the announcement. At  comic con  over the weekend that the two biggest superheroes now look tape to tape in to man of steel. Amy Adams Laurence Fishburne ', 'to head on the big screen Warner Bros. made the announcement. At comic con over the weekend that the two biggest superheroes -- now look -- tape to tape in -- -- to man of steel. ', "the annual rite of summer known as  comic con  which combined Star Wars geeks zombie they're descending upon one. I'm  comic con  international three years and around expected won't last year 130000.  Comic con  the end nearly half of women. Showed ", 'expertise thanks so much. Now the annual rite of summer known as comic con which combined Star Wars geeks zombie -- little girls dressed up as Disney princesses and also cavalcade of big time celebrities. -- ', "all the worlds are coming together they're descending upon one. I'm -- comic con international three years and around for ABC's on the red carpet it's an unconventional convention where Harrison -- First fitness or at ", "watch your step that this is expected won't last year -- 130000. Comic con the end nearly half of -- women. Showed up to experience a world where even if it's just for a few days ", "fans from around the country gathering in San Diego where  comic con  got started today this is a huge convention for comic book Bowl for guys who never watch the super to be heard act  comic con  which is which I don't like I when I was younger reading ", "book fans from around the country -- gathering in San Diego where comic con got started today this is a huge convention for comic book fans. Thousands of people come to it dressed like Balkans and cling ons and silo on isn't Wikipedia is all -- Polycom a sort of like the Super Bowl for guys who never watch the super -- -- to be heard act comic con which is which I don't like I -- when I was younger reading comic books and -- the bottom of my friends. ", 'with the Blair Butler from Jeep or person who shared her expectations. Of this There really is no better people watching  comic con  because. People have incredible passing. I should take care Lanier and marched around the five overs I want I want and ', 'this -- -- -- There really is no better people watching -- comic con because. People have incredible passing. I should take care Lanier and marched around the five overs I want I want -- and ']