['This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," April 13, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Now, finally, you get answers from Nebraska senator Ben Nelson about the special $100 million deal Nebraska received in the December Senate health care bill. Did Senator Nelson made a shady backroom deal, or is he being hammered unfairly? We report, you decide.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)VAN SUSTEREN: Senator, nice to see you, sir. And thank you for sitting down with us.SEN. BEN NELSON, D-NEB.: My pleasure. Thank you.VAN SUSTEREN: Is this the first television interview on this whole issue of the Nebraska -- what Nebraska got in the health care bill originally in the Senate bill?NELSON: I believe it is. I think I\'ve been asked in the hallway a time or two a question, but this is the first more comprehensive approach that I\'ve had.VAN SUSTEREN: All right. Take me back to the fall, last fall, is that when the negotiation discussion about the hea...', 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Bret Baier" from December 22, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN...', 'Nebraska Democratic Sen. Ben Nelson , a pivotal figure in the health care debate, announced his retirement Tuesday in a letter to Nebraskans, saying, "Simply: it\'s t...', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," December 22, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Senator Nelson [is] ...', "Senator Ben Nelson  Votes With Panel Republicans to Restore Funding For Vice President's Office", "The White House scored a win Thursday on Capitol Hill after a moderate Senate Democrat broke with his party to restore funding for Vice President Dick Cheney 's offi...", "Sen .  Ben Nelson  defends health bill 'deal' as constitutionality questions emerge", 'Sen .  Ben Nelson , (R-NE), discusses how he was able to get the stimulus package reduced by $110 billion .', "Democrats lamented U.S. Sen. Ben Nelson's decision to retire rather than seek a third term in Nebraska, fearing the move sets up Republicans for an easy and crucial ...", 'Sen .  Ben Nelson , the sole Democratic holdout on health care, could face political suicide', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," January 14, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Is Neb...', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," December 22, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Well,...', 'Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson , after securing a sweetheart deal for his state as part of the health insurance reform bill, said Tuesday that three other senators have to...', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," December 1, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Democr...', 'The news that is not White House approved...Pie ThrowingYou may remember that Nebraska Senator Ben Nelson cast the decisive vote in favor of a government health care...', 'This is a partial transcript from " Hannity & Colmes ," January 17, 2005, that has been edited for clarity.ALAN COLMES, CO-HOST: The Senate Judiciary Committee is se...']