["a crowd follows. Saturday at Comic-Con International was no exception as the co-creator of Spider-Man, the  Fantastic Four  and other legendary heroes, took time to sign autographs on titles from his comic imprint Stan Lee's Kids Universe ", "a crowd follows. Saturday at Comic-Con International was no exception as the co-creator of Spider-Man, the  Fantastic Four  and other legendary heroes, took time to sign autographs on titles from his comic imprint Stan Lee's Kids Universe ", 'sexually alluring and headstrong. The former "Dark Angel" star is best known now for playing Invisible Woman in the " Fantastic Four " movies. She also looks equally good with lighter hair as she does with her natural brunette locks. Rachel McAdams ', 'but that just means that when I do things, I do them proficiently and I do them to the best of my ability," the " Fantastic Four " star was quoted saying on British Web site iVillage. "I think a lot of actors have OCD. I think it\'s part of ', 'but that just means that when I do things, I do them proficiently and I do them to the best of my ability," the " Fantastic Four " star was quoted saying on British Web site iVillage. "I think a lot of actors have OCD. I think it\'s part of ', 'Ali Larter, Christina Applegate, Angelina Jolie and More Dish on Pregnancy Diets', 'spicy and sexy. Jessica Alba\'s abs are legendary. But while pregnant with daughter Honor Marie in 2008, the " Fantastic Four " star swapped her six pack for ham and cheese sandwiches. Alba spent part of her pregnancy in France promoting ', 'to cute with the whip of her hair. Jessica Alba , with her geek-tastic roots in the TV show "Dark Angel" and " Fantastic Four " series of movies, can play a schemer as well as a seductress. Kris Munroe Originally played by: Cheryl Ladd Could ', 'but that just means that when I do things, I do them proficiently and I do them to the best of my ability," the " Fantastic Four " star was quoted saying on British Web site iVillage. "I think a lot of actors have OCD. I think it\'s part of ', 'but that just means that when I do things, I do them proficiently and I do them to the best of my ability," the " Fantastic Four " star was quoted saying on British Web site iVillage. "I think a lot of actors have OCD. I think it\'s part of ', 'greatest thing that could happen to both companies," said comics icon Stan Lee, who co-created Spider-Man, the  Fantastic Four , the Incredible Hulk and scores of other do-gooders. "For Disney to now have the entire catalog of Marvel characters ', 'deal, Disney will acquire ownership of 5,000 Marvel characters. Many of them, including favorites such as the  Fantastic Four  and the X-Men, were co-created by the comic book legend Stan Lee. Disney said Marvel shareholders will receive ', 'than 5,000 Marvel comic book characters, including Spider-Man, Iron Man, X-Men, Captain America and the  Fantastic Four . Disney is the parent company of ABC News. "I\'m incredibly excited by the acquisition," Disney President and ', 'right now because of our beautiful jessica alba. You know her, of course, from " fantastic four " and "sin city." Now these ataking on a new role turning green into glam as an author. Her first book, "the honest life ', 'because of our beautiful jessica alba. You know her, of course, from " fantastic four " and "sin city." Now these ataking on a new role turning green into glam as an author. Her first book, "the honest ', "playing superheroes. Tell us we our last go around and you'll see superhero game last go out and Johnny storm and  fantastic four . Is it tough to play these. It's tough to please. Character is nothing. So it's nice to. Yes the double edged ", "and you'll see superhero game last go out and Johnny storm and fantastic four . Is it tough to play these. It's tough to please. Character is -- nothing. So it's nice to. Yes the double edged ", "financial. That's right a crowd funding is not the place to go if you need to raise a million dollars. funding is  fantastic four  between 2005000. Dollars as an individual. Enough funds to get you up and running. OK so I have a great idea I ", 'go if you need to raise a million dollars. -- funding is fantastic four between 2005000. Dollars as an individual. Enough funds to get you up and running. OK so I have a great idea I ', "So much. Started. Now. And we can't and I'll be doing your all right the next is going to lunches lunches is  fantastic four . The big big big. It also helps her lips as well that about lunches is. Four. A year ago average not over the ", 'your all right the next -- is going to lunches lunches is fantastic four . The big big big. It also helps her lips as well that -- -- -- about -- lunches is. Four. A year ', "the dream was to. Record with African children's choir and put their voices on the album and so that was just a  fantastic four  day experience and he said there ever he had great day was very different from what we think about it's going what ", "put their voices on the album and so that was just a fantastic four day experience and he said there ever he had great day was very different from what we think about -- it's going ", 'like includes things zoomed through and scroll. Just to figure out what the pranksters to us. come from like the  fantastic four . Well I think just scary thing for me. And that. And as He sent me I have my basic power which is called the word ', 'what the pranksters -- -- to us. -- come from like the fantastic four . Well I think just scary thing for me. And that. And as He sent me I have my basic power which is ', 'publish the story as the first marvel comic. His idea of what superheroes should be embodied in a group called the  fantastic four  would redefine the form. Before the marvel superheroes. M the superheroes you read about really never had to worry ', 'idea of what superheroes should be embodied in a group called the fantastic four would redefine the form. Before the marvel superheroes. M the superheroes you read about really never had to worry about making a ']