["over the look at  the spirit  and that is the genre twisted.  Frank Miller  that it's hard like this one  the spirit  is and usual superhero happen to be a fan of  comic  books like that she was every five  comic  book club on it ", "visit. Here is here is out of -- over the look at the spirit and that is the doctors from the graphic novels are by the genre twisted. Frank Miller -- that it's hard to send us and our tongue twisting -- is not affected. -- -- -- -- like this one the spirit is and -- usual superhero a cop who's come back to life with the ability to take tremendous punishment. -- the picture does have its violent moments more cartoon violence wonderful cast made me smile. With so many darkened even depressing movies out there during the holiday season the spirit was for me a welcome relief. What are you he's been keeping with this candidate this season if you happen to be a fan of comic books like that guy who plays the villain. And beyond the posts I got eight of everything. Would love coming -- because I mean they were number one new cheap Villa in nickel and -- acute. So I bought classic comics every week and because my mom being the person she was every five comic book club on it to -- As a child He was a fan of superheroes. As an adult. Samuel L. Jackson gets ", 'Full time.  300  is based on a graphic novel by legendary artist  Frank Miller  and is an ancient story filled with to assault your senses. And bring  the spirit  of the Spartan  300  to wanted to make a movie for adults ', "Full time. 300 is based on a graphic novel by legendary artist Frank Miller and is an ancient story filled with battles and blood honor and valor. Good -- And nearly naked men with abs of steel. There there isn't it -- there. -- -- -- -- -- them into the eighties director Zack Snyder uses all of today's modern technology to assault your senses. And bring the spirit of the Spartan 300 to -- -- wanted to make a movie for adults that was a fun. Awesome ride you just. I drive the night ", "York and this is popcorn the new movie  300  is this story. Of the epic battle of Vermont police  300  and then held off an entire empire like you know yet to Merrill yeah got  Frank Miller  mood you know these are like they're ", "know I like -- you know yet to -- Merrill yeah got Frank Miller mood you know these are like -- they're icons in nine and for me I don't I need to do it that ", "Let's shot at number four at this  300  flick that everyone was talking about the past few weeks that's right that  300  huge inserts and indeed prepare for contention about that based on the Comex  Frank Miller . And that there was a lot of news ", 'a lot of contention about that -- -- based on the Comex Frank Miller . And that there was a lot of news about it because people on -- -- were very upset that they thought it ']