["you've never taken on its true yet I mean since city is is that it was a small role if it's from a  graphic novel . It lives in a of  graphic novel  world this character. Has a little bit more depth and is far more disturbed I think and that character ", "is is that it was a small role if it's from a graphic novel . It lives in a -- of graphic novel world this character. Has a little bit more depth and is far more disturbed I think and that character and I got ", "category which. Is  graphic novels  and and this being treated to  graphic novels  and a wonderful so many good  graphic novels  right now and form it's a  graphic novel  memoir this realize there are  graphic novelist  have classics ", 'with an exciting page turner -- collection of ghost stories -- A graphic novel -- can be the perfect way to keep them reading keep those reading muscles flexed. Our guest today knows really well how ', "author -- told -- -- this is a new form it's a graphic novel memoir -- this really happened terrain in which she was in sixth grade. She fell face first into the sidewalk broker front ", 'to it. You have a new movie out. It\'s based on a book called "bullet." Why did you pick this one? I wanted to do a  graphic novel . I wanted to do something beyond the realm of realism. But still in my wheelhouse. I wanted to do a buddy film. But it\'s ', '"bullet." Why did you pick this one? I wanted to do a graphic novel . I wanted to do something beyond the realm of realism. But still in my wheelhouse. I wanted to do a buddy film. ', "exciting things for me which sort of lends itself right from the  graphic novel  that it's based on this is. I think in this season we're loyal Austen fan base before we even started because of the  graphic novel  I just so I haven't really seen the fervor yet but. Crazy ", "exciting things for me which sort of lends itself right from the graphic novel that it's based on this is. I think in this season we're -- discovered that the zombies become something that these people ", "a loyal Austen fan base before we even started because of the graphic novel I just -- so I haven't really seen the fervor yet but. Crazy it's gonna -- I -- I do like an ", "Compared to last year. This weekend's major releases the film watching men. The film version of the popular late 1980s  graphic novel  of the same name so here's Josh dropped off. our Friday at the movies review. Who watches the watchman. That's where ", "the film watching men. The film version of the popular late 1980s graphic novel of the same name so here's Josh dropped off. -- our Friday at the movies review. Who watches the watchman. That's where ", 'vampire parent me yeah I do actually I think has something to do it my I describe gravity two Brothers. As I was Gradstein  graphic novels  when I was a kid and so I had and get myself ensconced in my well and it just seemed that that was. This is such fantastical ', 'it my -- I describe gravity two Brothers. As I was Gradstein graphic novels when I was a kid and so I had -- -- and get myself ensconced in my -- well and it just ', "reading so forget about if your teenager loves movies maybe buy some screenplays of his or her favorite films are. Looking to  graphic novels  those are really popular right now kind of more fun and easy going. If there's a magazine you think your child would ", "buy some screenplays of his or her favorite films are. Looking to graphic novels those are really popular right now -- kind of more fun and easy going. If there's a magazine you think your child ", "keeping sandy Kenyon married visit. Here is here is out of over the look at the spirit and that is the doctors from the  graphic novels  are by the genre twisted. Frank Miller that it's hard to send us and our tongue twisting is not affected. like this ", "the look at the spirit and that is the doctors from the graphic novels are by the genre twisted. Frank Miller -- that it's hard to send us and our tongue twisting -- is not affected. ", "America has been graduates overall since the beginning of time. Now. Watchman wildly imaginative film based on a popular  graphic novels . It has a huge following a month's comic book aficionados. And it even made time magazine's list of the 100 greatest ", "time. Now. Watchman -- -- wildly imaginative film based on a popular graphic novels . It has a huge following a month's comic book aficionados. And it even made time magazine's list of the 100 greatest novel ", "is abundant and that's my version of the movie. And and Frank's book I tried to make it as faithful as could to the  graphic novels  so. It's not like I'm trying to take those guys on that you're wrong action pictures that you can't get better ", "I tried to make it as faithful as -- could to the graphic novels so. It's not like I'm trying to take those guys on that you're wrong action pictures that you can't get better. ", "middle graders and this is for younger kids club the books it's a mixture of these are visual boxes course twilight the  graphic novel  by Stephanie going to be a big I'm really beautifully adapted by young camp. Big date in a class by himself combines cartoons ", "it's a mixture of these are visual boxes -- course twilight the graphic novel by Stephanie -- going to be a big -- I'm really beautifully adapted by young camp. Big date in a class by ", "you to look at. As ever I imagine him kind of sitting at home reading the feast that back and forth all I'd have already  graphic novel . That I get that but but the queen of FaceBook. A picnic and I I pressure that that face a message two source and had all ", "forth all I'd have already -- -- -- -- -- -- -- graphic novel . That I get that but but the queen of FaceBook. A picnic and I I pressure that that face a message -- ", 'Films right now. I think next year over the next year hopeful so this five to. Wonderful way to cool kickass placed on the  graphic novel  that Matthew Gould has directed a little about to go into Andrew Stanton who who wrote to. Toy Story and Finding Nemo and ', '-- -- -- -- Wonderful way to cool kickass placed on the graphic novel that Matthew Gould has directed a little about to go into -- -- Andrew Stanton who who wrote to. Toy Story and ', "a cult following for movie that just now coming out how does this happen. Here's ABC's Jeremy For comic book loving  graphic novel  reading scifi movie watching Christmas has come a little early. I've been calling this on the Internet for a year now ", "how does this happen. Here's ABC's Jeremy -- For comic book loving graphic novel reading scifi movie watching -- Christmas has come a little early. I've been calling this on the Internet for a year now ", "it can be fleshed out dynamic and that's what was so cool about this script and and and the  graphic novel . And the imports of the  graphic novel  how really took all those cliches and metaphors and ideas of superheroes that you had really just ", "that's what was so cool about this script and and and the graphic novel . And the imports of the graphic novel how really took all those cliches and metaphors and ideas of superheroes that you had really just deconstruct it so you've got ", "Compared to last year this weekend's major releases the film watch men. The film version of the popular late 1980s  graphic novel  of the same name so here's Josh dropped off with our Friday at the movies review. Who watches the watchman. That's ", "the film watch men. The film version of the popular late 1980s graphic novel of the same name so here's Josh dropped off with -- our Friday at the movies review. Who watches the watchman. That's ", "doctor. The whole one she's the one who's got to stand up for women in action. Movies this summer and it's from a  graphic novel  so yes there's darkness but there's. These actions that beginning this summer. If you're a woman and you're out ", "up for women in action. Movies this summer and it's from a graphic novel so yes there's darkness but there's. These actions that -- beginning this summer. If you're a woman and you're out there somewhere ", "specialists say it's about the legend. Stilted pompous and yes but jaw dropping incredible the legend should be based on a  graphic novel  of fancy word for comic book. The comic book colors and angles making. His. And the the actors are all real take it from ", '-- jaw dropping incredible the -- legend should be based on a graphic novel of fancy word for comic book. The comic book colors and angles making. -- -- His. And the the actors are all ', 'Full time. 300 is based on a  graphic novel  by legendary artist Frank Miller and is an ancient story filled with battles and blood honor and valor. Good And nearly naked ', 'Full time. 300 is based on a graphic novel by legendary artist Frank Miller and is an ancient story filled with battles and blood honor and valor. Good -- And nearly ']