["desk. The panel. Good to have you back. Yeah. I like this. Very good. You know, once upon a time, conni conni  comic - con  was for the hard-core. And you just returned there. It's where actors go to be rock stars. Exactly. There's ", "like this. Very good. You know, once upon a time, conni conni comic-con was for the hard-core. And you just returned there. It's where actors go to be rock stars. Exactly. There's nothing like it ", 'biggest super mashup yet Superman at bat and go head to head on the big screen Warner Bros. made the announcement. At  comic con  over the weekend that the two biggest superheroes now look tape to tape in to man of steel. Amy Adams Laurence Fishburne ', 'to head on the big screen Warner Bros. made the announcement. At comic con over the weekend that the two biggest superheroes -- now look -- tape to tape in -- -- to man of steel. ', "the annual rite of summer known as  comic con  which combined Star Wars geeks zombie they're descending upon one. I'm  comic con  international three years and around expected won't last year 130000.  Comic con  the end nearly half of women. Showed ", 'expertise thanks so much. Now the annual rite of summer known as comic con which combined Star Wars geeks zombie -- little girls dressed up as Disney princesses and also cavalcade of big time celebrities. -- ', "all the worlds are coming together they're descending upon one. I'm -- comic con international three years and around for ABC's on the red carpet it's an unconventional convention where Harrison -- First fitness or at ", "watch your step that this is expected won't last year -- 130000. Comic con the end nearly half of -- women. Showed up to experience a world where even if it's just for a few days ", "fans from around the country gathering in San Diego where  comic con  got started today this is a huge convention for comic book Bowl for guys who never watch the super to be heard act  comic con  which is which I don't like I when I was younger reading ", "book fans from around the country -- gathering in San Diego where comic con got started today this is a huge convention for comic book fans. Thousands of people come to it dressed like Balkans and cling ons and silo on isn't Wikipedia is all -- Polycom a sort of like the Super Bowl for guys who never watch the super -- -- to be heard act comic con which is which I don't like I -- when I was younger reading comic books and -- the bottom of my friends. ", 'with the Blair Butler from Jeep or person who shared her expectations. Of this There really is no better people watching  comic con  because. People have incredible passing. I should take care Lanier and marched around the five overs I want I want and ', 'this -- -- -- There really is no better people watching -- comic con because. People have incredible passing. I should take care Lanier and marched around the five overs I want I want -- and ', "straight eighteens. It's fair to say  comic con  is a colorful affair. Fans go all convention center and you know how giant  comic con  has become the comic first began expect 125. Thousand these days  comic con  is about a lot more than just comic ", "new people here. -- are very straight eighteens. It's fair to say comic con is a colorful affair. Fans go all out to celebrate what's become one of the movie industry's biggest events you'll see plenty of characters here. And plenty of characters. Take one look around the San Diego convention center and you know how giant comic con has become the -- comic -- first began in 1970 it was attended by about 300 people. This year they expect 125. Thousand these days comic con is about a lot more than just comic books there is a TV presence here and movie stars make it their business to be here. Doing Johnson is starring in a race to witch mountain. These fans are incredibly passionate and again you've got to be passionate you know to come here and you bring -- movie are excited to show them and you know about the fans who would be. We know us here guaranteed. Comic con caters to its fans some of whom are just happy to embrace the experience. I -- unhappy people I see people having ", 'Thousands of comic book fans TV and movie buffs and gamers converged on New York City over the weekend for the New York  comic con . Every year attendees at the festival get a chance to meet their favorite authors and filmmakers as well as test out ', 'converged on New York City over the weekend for the New York comic con . Every year attendees at the -- festival get a chance to meet their favorite authors and filmmakers as well as test out ', "Webcast: $3 Trillion Rescue, Comic-con  Festival, 'Sniff and Save' the Galapagos", "you want them. All right coming up on the webcast today  comic con . This year's convention in New York showcases the latest converged on New York City over the weekend for the New York  comic con . Every year attendees at the cult get a chance to meet ", "anywhere you want them. All right coming up on the webcast today comic con . This year's convention in New York showcases the latest in pop culture. Kindle 2 point oh Amazon.com is that with a faster ", 'converged on New York City over the weekend for the New York comic con . Every year attendees at the cult -- get a chance to meet their favorite authors and filmmakers as well as test out ', 'lovers brought the world are descending on San Diego this weekend. The thirty ninth annual comic book convention on his  comic con . Approximately 125000. Comic book fans many dressed up as the favorite character of like Elvis to make. Came to meet ', 'Diego this weekend. The thirty ninth annual comic book convention on his comic con . Approximately 125000. Comic book fans many dressed up as the favorite character of like Elvis to make. Came to meet other enthusiasts ', "And we will leave you today at the world's biggest comic book convention  comic con . US comic books account for almost 400 million dollars in annual sales and so we ABC's John Berman to find out who is reading ", "we will leave you today at the world's biggest comic book convention comic con . US comic books account for almost 400 million dollars in annual sales and so we -- ABC's John Berman to find out ", "it's not. It's just grown ups. Hide! I know, I had never bee -- and I feel I've missed something in life.  Comic con . You're promoting the film -- it's sort of wonderfully crazy? Yes, yes. It's -- you know, it's just absolutely ", "had never bee -- and I feel I've missed something in life. Comic con . You're promoting the film -- it's sort of wonderfully crazy? Yes, yes. It's -- you know, it's just absolutely -- the streets ", "But he's surprised I hear that the okay. Here. It's. basically you really just something else. It's you know you.", "Told them to practice. Television. And ready to thank god. Yeah I'm here. He's not a not a whole hapless guy might his his way into the Garrett was skinny kid. My big guys that was sort of panacea that that emblem of that template and industry DIY and is injected. Two. Pump the punk rock attitude", "I'm Mark Kirk went on their creator walking dead which is also television Joni and see as well as a fantastic comic book series that. Everyone should try to and then I do various other comics including the infinite some of the stuff. Our rob let's I created explores dead will come to a theater and", "Good day if I'm Charles Gibson ABC news headquarters in new York and I welcome you. To world news. We're going to Begin as we always do with some of the day's headlines and for the twelfth day we Begin with. Rundown of the latest from the Middle East. Secretary of state Condoleezza Rice made a", "the biebs. Of course. Is it true you're a bit of a sci-fi -- you call yourself a geek. I love it. I went to  comic - con  and walked the grounds with a darth vader mask. Coolest thing ever. Did you get photographed or did you love darth ", '-- you call yourself a geek. I love it. I went to comic-con and walked the grounds with a darth vader mask. Coolest thing ever. Did you get photographed or did you love darth vader. ', "week after we wrapped season to flew out from Sweden to  comic con  game. In said being famous in Sweden it's it's such thousands of people of crowds and but in San Diego for  comic con  and just like. This pollution of people of hands and my ", "after we wrapped season to -- -- flew out from Sweden to comic con game. In -- -- said being famous in Sweden it's it's such a small market and its sole private in a way you don't really. It's not like crowd of thousands of people of crowds -- and but -- -- in San Diego for comic con and just like. This pollution of people of hands and my teacher -- teachers would like. He was -- On. And it's "]