["including interviewing the hotel's night manager,  George Perez , who had a master key to all the rooms. Perez attracted without attracting the attention of the night manager  George Perez , and drove off at 5:31 a.m. His theory was that ", "including interviewing the hotel's night manager,  George Perez , who had a master key to all the rooms. Perez attracted without attracting the attention of the night manager  George Perez , and drove off at 5:31 a.m. His theory was that ", 'the charges against Bonventre to those already filed against two computer programmers for Madoff, Jerome O\'Hara and  George Perez . O\'Hara, 47, and Perez, 44, allegedly "developed and maintained computer programs that generate false and fraudulent ', "Cuomo Says Investment Firm Knew Madoff Was Cooking Books But Didn't Move Clients' Money", "Bonventre became the sixth person charged in connection with the Ponzi scheme, joining Madoff, computer programmers  George Perez  and Jerome O'Hara, former Madoff accountant David Friehling, and Madoff's former CFO Frank DiPascali. Click Here ", 'scammer Bernie Madoff were indicted today on charges of conspiracy and falsifying records. Jerome O\'Hara, 47, and  George Perez , 44, allegedly "developed and maintained computer programs that generate false and fraudulent records," the U ', 'Information he provided contributed to the arrest of three individuals to date." Mukasey identified Jerome O\'Hara and  George Perez , who allegedly programmed an old computer to create false financial documents for Madoff, but didn\'t name the third ', "charged today by the SEC and the Justice Department with conspiracy to falsify books and records. Jerome O'Hara and  George Perez , worked on the secretive 17th floor of Madoff's New York office, allegedly creating false records on an out-of-date ", 'accommodate the new breed of health-conscious movers and shakers. Multi-billion-dollar real estate developer  George Perez  dines at the restaurant, which overlooks Biscayne Bay, several times a week, says Zambrana--and he always gets ']