["Known as the Gold Coast, it's one of the safest and most affluent places in the country. And between the cities of Ventura and Santa Barbara, lies a beautiful stretch of golden coastline, so perfect that campers routinely line it, drawn by the water and the glorious sunsets.", "SCOTT HUSTED: It's a very safe area. It defies logic why this would have happened there.", 'Just steps from the ocean, in this home, lived the Husted family: Brock, Davina, and their two children, ages 11 and 9.', 'JOHN HUSTED: They were taking some surfing classes, and summertime was coming up, and they were getting ready to do that and excited about that.', 'Three days a week, Davina Husted sat at a desk just a few steps away from her husband, keeping the company books. A local beauty turned Miss California pageant contestant, she was active in volunteer work and with her kids. And, in person, she was radiant.', 'JOHN HUSTED: Davina just had a way about her. When she walked in, she just had a glow about her that people would actually look at her, and draw their attention to her.', "But they were outgrowing this beachfront paradise. Davina was pregnant again. Their third child was due in the fall, a boy they would name Grant. They'd recently listed the home on Faria Beach. The price? $3.2 million.", 'SCOTT HUSTED: Of course, they were rich by virtue of the type of people that they are and the love they had for each other. They were well off.', 'SCOTT HUSTED: I think my brother owned one wristwatch. He had one set of golf clubs. He bought his cars used. ', 'SCOTT HUSTED: They were people that lived at the beach and they lived like people that lived at the beach.', 'But in the early morning hours of May 21, 2009, word came that something had happened in that perfect life at the beach.', 'What police told the family was that, sometime around 10 p.m., a man in a motorcycle helmet had burst into the Husted home and, just minutes later, Brock and Davina lay dead on the floor of their bedroom.', "SCOTT HUSTED: There's so much sadness about this that there's not much room for anger. It just sucks the emotion out of you.", 'The murders in this magnificent oceanfront enclave hit the airwaves all over southern California. The people who lived in and around Faria Beach were in shock, scared that a killer could return.', "KNBC: If you're going to leave your doors open late at night, I mean, that may be something you want to consider not doing because it could happen anywhere.", 'Two other children, aged 11 and 9, survived the attack unharmed, but were now without parents.', "SCOTT HUSTED: I think there's still a person out there that walked into a family's home in the middle of the evening in an environment that should for all other reasons be safe, and that person is still out there walking around, and other families are subject to that until that person is taken off the street.", "Ventura County Sheriff's detectives went to work searching inside the Faria Beach colony. Many homes here in Faria Beach are unoccupied second homes. So if burglary was the motive, the man in the motorcycle helmet could've found literally dozens of empty homes to ransack. But the killer did not. In fact, very early on authorities on announced that it appeared that the murders of Brock and Davina Husted were no random act.", "CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: There wasn't signs of ransacking. There wasn't, you know, a sign of a huge struggle in terms of stuff thrown all over the room, or anything like that.", "CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: He didn't even have to open a screen or sliding thing, he walked right in, wearing a black motorcycle helmet, dark jumpsuit. Something took place between the suspect and Davina.", "Then, the boy told police he saw the killer's gun on the floor in the hallway, so at some point, for reasons that are still not clear, the killer ended up with a knife, the eventual murder weapon, apparently taken from the Husted's kitchen.", 'And from there, investigators say, the killer and the couple all ended up just a few yards away in the master bedroom.', "CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: Either he forced her, or she ran back to a room, where ultimately Brock and Davina were stabbed to death. The bodies were y'know, almost side by side.", "CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: The murder weapon was a knife that we have. That's officially what i can tell you.", 'Backing that up? Authorities found witnesses who heard two motorcycles leaving about that time. But why would a person, or persons, want to kill Brock and Davina Husted? That is still a mystery.', "The murders of Brock and Davina Husted in their multi-million-dollar beach front home had sent waves of panic ashore on California's Gold Coast. And the motive seemed a mystery.", "CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: We still have all those doors open as a possibility. Or we're gonna find something in their past that leads us to a killer, which would not support that theory.", 'Whatever happened, one thing was clear to his brothers: Brock died protecting what he held most dear, his children and his wife.', 'SCOTT HUSTED: My brother came to her rescue like any man would, to his wife that was in distress. Two loving parents did what they needed to do to help their children and help each other. And it ended up that both of them lost their lives.', 'JOSH MANKIEWICZ: Did Brock ever express any concern about security and living at the beach?', 'SCOTT HUSTED: Their marriage was good. I never once saw them have an argument in all the years that I knew them together.', 'JOSH MANKIEWICZ: Davina was very attractive. She never mentioned somebody was following her, or that somebody was pestering her, anything like that?', "JOSH MANKIEWICZ: And they would've told you about that? That's not the kind OF thing they would've kept to themselves?", "CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: There's always the possibility that there's secrets in people's lives that are not readily apparent. And that's our job, not to find those and publicize them, but to see if that can help solve a murder", "CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: Well, in terms of who entered the house and who did the killing, yes. Whether there's somebody behind it, we don't know.", "CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: There's a good chance the suspect didn't believe that he could be identified by the kids.", 'JOSH MANKIEWICZ: If the plan was not to rob them, but to kill them, who was the primary target?', "CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: Yeah. And Davina, it sure seems to me like there's a lot of violence perpetrated against her that really makes you shake your head. You would suspect that it was either someone who had some extreme anger, or was hired by somebody to make a statement.", "Brock and Davina Husted had been dead for just six weeks when Dateline's Unsolved Case Squad came together to look at the facts.", 'And Alan Jackson: Prosecutor in Los Angeles. Put legendary record producer Phil Spector behind bars for murder.', 'JOSH MANKIEWICZ: Investigators have thrown out a bunch of different theories, from planned, organized, deliberate murder, to random robbery that somehow went sideways. What do you guys think?', 'JOSH MANKIEWICZ: So, this was somebody who, for whatever reason, wanted to go to the Husted home in particular?', 'JOSH MANKIEWICZ: What does it tell you that Davina was stabbed more times than her husband?', "YOLANDA MCCLARY: You have to remember, she's a mother. She's got two children in this house. She's going to fight to the end to defend them if nothing else! So the fact that she has more wounds isn't real surprising to me.", "JOSH MANKIEWICZ: What about the idea that this was someone who maybe hadn't killed before?", 'JOSH MANKIEWICZ: So, this guy walks in calmly, but he runs out after committing these two murders?', 'Two weeks to the day after Brock and Davina Husted were murdered came word of another killing.', "A killing with striking similarities: nine miles down the coast from Faria Beach, in another neighborhood, known as Ventura Keys. The victim? Wendy Di Rodio, a licensed therapist with a PhD. in psychology. She'd been stabbed to death in the home where she was living temporarily with her elderly parents after Wendy's bitter divorce. She was killed just two days after her birthday. Wendy was 61.", "Two bloody murders in just two weeks had Ventura's law enforcement answering some tough questions.", "SGT JACK RICHARDS, VENTURA PD: We're not calling it a serial killing whatsoever at this point. As far as we know it could be a number of different things.", 'Three murders in two weeks had many people wondering what was going on in Ventura County. Brock and Davina Husted, and Wendy Di Rodio, all stabbed to death in the privacy of their own homes.', "Wendy's friends Rick Harmon, Sylvia Sykes, and John Dickson were stunned by her death.", "JOHN DICKSON: I just couldn't believe that someone that's so sweet and nice could have such evil around her.", "That's when her mother entered Wendy's locked bedroom to find her daughter's body on the bed with multiple stab wounds. Wendy Di Rodio had probably been murdered in the middle of the night.", "Detectives investigating the Di Rodio murder found no sign of sexual assault or forced entry. Nothing obvious was missing from Wendy's bedroom. And neighbors didn't hear anything suspicious, except for perhaps a little more barking than usual from Wendy's two small dogs.", "Investigators for the Ventura Police Department quickly called in detectives from the Sheriff's Department to check out similarities with the Husted murders two weeks earlier.", 'And the biggest surprise in the Wendy Di Rodio murder investigation came when a key detail emerged. Who owned a second home, a rental property, just blocks away from where Wendy was murdered? Who kept their boat moored perhaps 400 feet away from the crime scene, just down the block from the home where Wendy was killed? The answer: Brock and Davina Husted.', "In fact, this photo you've already seen of the Husteds in formal wear for a charity event was taken right here at that second home near Wendy Di Rodio's, where the Husteds kept their boat, in Ventura Keys.", 'Did Wendy DiRodio know either Brock or Davina Husted? The answer seems to be no. But did they have friends in common? Did they spend time at the same places? Investigators were trying to answer those questions and more.', "JOHN DICKSON: I thought at some point it was maybe someone she'd dated, had a jealous ex-girlfriend or some jealous woman, maybe, y'know? ", 'JOSH MANCKIEWICZ: Was she the kind of woman who attracted a lot of attention from men?', 'SYLVIA SYKES: She was a very attractive woman. She was very smart, so she probably was very attractive to some men and also pretty scary to a lot of others.', "JOSH MANCKIEWICZ: Sounds like an odd book to write by someone who admits that they weren't very good at relationships!", "But in the weeks before her death, things were actually looking up. She was ready to move to Santa Barbara. And, she'd met a new man from Brazil online at a site called LiveMocha.com, where she was learning Brazilian Portugese. They were already talking marriage.", 'Three murders within two weeks and inside of ten miles: What was the connection? Or was there even a link at all?', 'In Ventura County, California, an uneasy undertow had clutched at residents as the summer sun appeared.', 'In late May 2009, Brock and Davina Husted had been stabbed to death in their multi-million dollar home on Faria Beach.', 'Two weeks later, author and therapist Wendy Di Rodio had been stabbed to death at this home she shared with her elderly parents, which was, oddly, just blocks away from another home owned by the Husteds and the slip where the Husteds moored their boat.', "JOSH MANCKIEWICZ: So you're proceeding with the possibility, but not the assumption, that they're connected?", "ALAN JACKSON: This was a crime of passion. They weren't there to steal. They weren't there to rape. They weren't there to ransack the house.", 'JOSH MANCKIEWICZ: Apparently, she liked guys from Brazil. She belonged to a couple of different websites where you can meet Brazilian men.', "ALAN JACKSON: Yeah, you have no clue. I mean, these are, ostensibly, these folks are strangers. It's important for the investigators to follow up on every single one of those people.", "JOSH MANCKIEWICZ: Obviously there are a lot of signs that suggest a similarity at least between Wendy's murder and the Husted's murders. Both happened at night. Both involved somebody entering a home after dark. Both of 'em committed with a knife and both of 'em pretty close to each other geographically on a long stretch of beach. What's the likelihood that those two murders are connected?", "ALAN JACKSON: There's nothing to suggest that this was a serial killing, nothing at all.", "Then who killed Brock and Davina? Who was the man in the motorcycle helmet who carried a gun into the Husted's beach home on that May evening in 2009, lost control of his weapon, and then killed Brock and Davina in a knife fight while their children cowered behind a closed door just a few feet away?", "If he wasn't connected to the Di Rodio killing, then who was he? And what brought him to that beach house at exactly the right time, with the door open and no one there to protect them? With their defenses down, at the end of a long day?", 'And, it turned out, the Unsolved Case Squad was correct. As our team suspected, the murders apparently were unrelated. Months after our squad members gathered to discuss the killings, there was a stunning and sudden break in one of the investigations...', 'The victims were gone...but the mystery wore on. Months after the murders of Brock and Davina Husted in their beachfront home, and the death of Wendy Di Rodio in this Ventura Keys home she shared with her parents, investigators were pursuing separate leads, but had made no arrests.', 'Tests were underway on physical evidence found at the crime scenes, including that blood, and other DNA evidence left by the killer on the deck and hot tub cover at the Husted home.', 'In April 2010, the Ventura County Sheriff announced a suspect was finally in custody.', 'Detectives also tied Packer to the crime after finding in his possession items stolen from the Husted home.', "Packer was charged with three counts of murder for the deaths of Brock, Davina, and their unborn son. He's not yet entered a plea, and could face the death penalty.", "Packer's DNA was then entered into a database, which spit out the match that broke the Husted case.", 'CAPTAIN ROSS BONFIGLIO: This was solved purely on a DNA database hit, so I do not believe he would be in custody at this point without that law being changed.', 'Authorities say Packer does not appear to know the Husted family or anyone connected to them, but they are still investigating why he chose that house and whether the Husteds were targeted specifically.', 'SHERIFF BOB BROOKS: These kinds of cases, where you have no obvious link between the suspect and the victim, and no obvious murderer, are the most difficult kinds of cases to work.', "Packer was also arrested on drug possession charges just a week before being picked up for murder. In addition, Ventura Police say he's a suspect in at least more four armed robberies.", "Brock's brother Scott says that, with Packer behind bars, the family can now breathe easier.", 'But, while detectives believe one high-profile murder has been solved, another killer remains on the loose. ', "SYLVIA SYKES: If there was something going on, she wasn't sharing that with anybody that I know of. And it's sort of like a page from somebody else's script got accidentally inserted into her life.", "And writing an ending to that script is the reason we convened a team of veteran investigators, who've together worked hundreds of homicides, to bring their experience to bear on these perplexing killings.", "JOSH MANCKIEWICZ: To the extent we can, let's profile Wendy's killer. Probably a man?", "Two murder cases: one police say they've solved, while the other remains as baffling as it is brutal. Murdered, in her own home, in the dead of night.", '"Davina just had a way about her... When she walked in, she just had a glow about her that people would actually look at her and draw their attention to her," said John Husted, Brock\'s brother. ', 'Scott Husted, Brock\'s brother, remarked, "It\'s a very safe area...It defies logic why this would have happened there."', '"I just don\'t believe that someone was casually walking down the beach through all of these huge rocks and looks over and sees a light on in a house and says, "Oh, let me go over here and commit a burglary. That just doesn\'t make sense to me," said Dwayne Stanton, a member of the Unsolved Case Squad and a retired homicide detective.', '"It was eerie. I mean, you could throw a rock from Di Rodio\'s house to the Husted\'s boat!" said Captain Ross Bonfiglio, of the Ventura County Sheriff\'s Dept. ', 'Brock and Davina\'s son told detectives that he was watching "American Idol" in the living room, his mother just steps away in the kitchen, when a man carrying a gun burst in from the oceanfront deck through these unlocked double doors. ', "The murders of Brock and Davina Husted in their multi-million-dollar beachfront home sent waves of panic ashore on California's Gold Coast. And the motive seemed a mystery. ", 'Was the killer a pro or an amateur? Was he there to send a message? And was the killer someone the couple knew? ', 'Three murders in two weeks had many people wondering what was going on in Ventura County. Brock and Davina Husted, and Wendy Di Rodio, all stabbed to death in the privacy of their own homes. ', '"I just couldn\'t believe that someone that\'s so sweet and nice could have such evil around her," said John Dickson, a friend of Wendy\'s. ', '"What I enjoyed about her approach was no matter who she was dancing with, if they were a beginer, or if they were not very skilled or if they were really an advanced dancer, she treated \'em equally," recalled Sylvia Sykes, one of Wendy\'s friends. ', '"Who in the world would wanna hurt a woman like her? That\'s the question of the century. It doesn\'t make any sense," said Rick Harmon, one of Wendy\'s friends. ', 'The biggest surprise in the Wendy Di Rodio murder investigation came when a key detail emerged. Who owned a second home, a rental property, just blocks away from where Wendy was murdered? Who kept their boat moored perhaps 400 feet away from the crime scene, just down the block from the home where Wendy was killed? The answer: Brock and Davina Husted. ', "Detectives investigating the Di Rodio murder found no sign of sexual assault or forced entry. Nothing obvious was missing from Wendy's bedroom. And neighbors didn't hear anything suspicious, except for perhaps a little more barking than usual from Wendy's two small dogs. "]