['U.S. Sen. Mike Johanns of Nebraska announced Monday that he will not seek re-election in 2014, saying he wants a "quieter time" to focus on his family following a bu...', 'Football coach-turned-congressman Tom Osborne tried -- and failed -- to take down Gov. Dave Heineman on Tuesday in the Republican primary for governor of this footba...', 'Sen. Ben Nelson Calls for \'Energy Summit\'Tuesday, July 08, 2008PrintThis is a rush transcript from "Your World with Neil Cavuto," July 7, 2008. This copy may not be ...', 'Agriculture Secretary Michael Johanns Said to Be Preparing for Senate Run, Nebraska  GOP Official Says', 'U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns will resign his Cabinet post to run for the U.S. Senate in Nebraska, a state Republican official said Wednesday.The official,...', 'Democrats in the Senate still face a filibuster threat from within their own party as they try to push health care legislation to a vote, though the key holdout says...', "Karl Rove on how health care- Nebraska  deal, Cadillac tax reflect Obama's unfulfilled promises", "Senator gives her side of the story on the 'Louisiana Purchase' in health care,  Nebraska's  'Cornhusker Kickback' and more", "Nebraska  senator wants 'oil summit' to address soaring gas prices, supports more offshore drilling", "A Democratic senator from Nebraska who played a crucial role in getting health care legislation passed in the Senate last month has asked South Carolina's top attorn...", "Nebraska state Sen. Deb Fischer upset her Republican rivals Tuesday night to win the party's nomination for the Nebraska Senate.The underdog candidate will take on f...", 'A bipartisan group of Capitol Hill lawmakers is pressing EPA Director Lisa Jackson to answer questions about privacy issues and other concerns after the agency used ...', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," February 11, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: And D...', "4:32 p.m., Feb. 6: It's very tough to get a read on when and whether the Senate might vote on the economic stimulus package, because much of the negotiating is going...", 'WASHINGTON -- Failure is not an option on health care, a leading Democratic senator said Monday, even as Republicans turned up the heat on moderates who hold the fat...', 'Jim Exon ( search ), a Democrat who served two terms as governor and three terms in the U.S. Senate for Nebraska, died Friday. He was 83.Exon died of natural causes ...', "Former Sen. Bob Kerrey is reversing course and says he'll seek the Democratic nomination for the Nebraska seat he once held.Kerrey's announcement Wednesday comes jus..."]