["Pak-written Batman/Superman  comic , an ongoing monthly series illustrated the top-selling title among  comic  books in June. The book pairs Batman have also been at odds in  comic  books, too. In  Frank Miller 's dark telling of The Dark Knight ", 'stuffed with the latest  comic  books and graphic novels an interview Saturday at  Comic -Con where he was promoting world of "serious" art.  Comic  books are not just words Moore\'s "The Watchmen" or  Frank Miller \'s "Sin City." He\'ll ', 'theater has parallels to more than one scene from  Frank Miller \'s 1986 Batman  comic  book series, "The Dark Knight Returns." \'Dark Director Calls Shooting a \'Senseless Tragedy\' In that  comic -book series, the Joker murders a television studio ', 'suggests that he was inspired by the Batman series of  comic  books and/or movies. Law enforcement sources Knight Rises\' Shooting There are more parallels. In  Frank Miller \'s iconic 1986  comic  book series, "The Dark Knight Returns," the ', "Those and the six-issue Arkham City  comic  will be collected in a hardcover movie on DVD and Blu-ray, based on  Frank Miller 's (Sin City) 1987 classic retelling represented in games, animation, film and  comic  books are all subtly different ", "she worked in ' The Spirit ' directed by legendary  comic  book writer  Frank Miller , and she also differentiates  Frank Miller , who comes from first you see ' The Spirit ' or you see you that in ' The Spirit ' there are some ", 'when you\'re 5 or 6 years old." Bale\'s interest was sparked by famed graphic artist  Frank Miller \'s gritty rendition of the franchise in his 1987  comic  book story arc "Batman Year One." "I\'d always considered Batman to be far less interesting ', 'in the title role of " The Spirit ", a  comic -book adaptation out are either a sign of  comic -book movies\' endless what\'s happening," says  Frank Miller , a longtime  comic  author and director of " The Spirit ", who has tried for ', 'May 7, "Hillary\'s Downfall" has tallied more than  300 ,000 views. The bump in views skyrocketed Adomian\'s a spoof cross between British comedy The Office and  Frank Miller \'s  300  that raked in millions of hits. Likewise, the YouTube ', 'political observers who\'ve seen " 300 ," the latest Hollywood blockbuster Spartan leader Leonidas and his band of  300  soldiers fought to the death against about current events? After all,  Frank Miller , whose graphic novel inspired the ', 'political observers who\'ve seen " 300 ," the latest Hollywood blockbuster Spartan leader Leonidas and his band of  300  soldiers fought to the death against about current events? After all,  Frank Miller , whose graphic novel inspired the ', 'they see your film?" I asked " 300 " director Zack Snyder. His answer obviously, I wasn\'t the only one. " 300 ," adapted from  Frank Miller \'s graphic novel, broke a box got to love at Warner Bros.: " 300 " is one of the rare films that ', 'from the graphic novel by  Frank Miller , " 300 " is the underdog story of how  300  men held off a million Snyder said. In " 300 ," the Spartan king Leonidas movie about the crazy  Frank Miller  version of Thermopylae ', "the movie  the spirit  I out a perfect based on the  comic  book  the spirit  which was men terror  Frank Miller  who created sin city and  300  spartans that tale  frank Miller 's genius who remains  the spirit . And if not a big  comic  book fan ", "front of a Green screen. And to see that -- tale -- frank Miller's genius and this is the first when He directed. And then it was funny because as a director He really didn't. Know ", "over the look at  the spirit  and that is the genre twisted.  Frank Miller  that it's hard like this one  the spirit  is and usual superhero happen to be a fan of  comic  books like that she was every five  comic  book club on it ", "visit. Here is here is out of -- over the look at the spirit and that is the doctors from the graphic novels are by the genre twisted. Frank Miller -- that it's hard to send us and our tongue twisting -- is not affected. -- -- -- -- like this one the spirit is and -- usual superhero a cop who's come back to life with the ability to take tremendous punishment. -- the picture does have its violent moments more cartoon violence wonderful cast made me smile. With so many darkened even depressing movies out there during the holiday season the spirit was for me a welcome relief. What are you he's been keeping with this candidate this season if you happen to be a fan of comic books like that guy who plays the villain. And beyond the posts I got eight of everything. Would love coming -- because I mean they were number one new cheap Villa in nickel and -- acute. So I bought classic comics every week and because my mom being the person she was every five comic book club on it to -- As a child He was a fan of superheroes. As an adult. Samuel L. Jackson gets ", 'Full time.  300  is based on a graphic novel by legendary artist  Frank Miller  and is an ancient story filled with to assault your senses. And bring  the spirit  of the Spartan  300  to wanted to make a movie for adults ', "Full time. 300 is based on a graphic novel by legendary artist Frank Miller and is an ancient story filled with battles and blood honor and valor. Good -- And nearly naked men with abs of steel. There there isn't it -- there. -- -- -- -- -- them into the eighties director Zack Snyder uses all of today's modern technology to assault your senses. And bring the spirit of the Spartan 300 to -- -- wanted to make a movie for adults that was a fun. Awesome ride you just. I drive the night ", "York and this is popcorn the new movie  300  is this story. Of the epic battle of Vermont police  300  and then held off an entire empire like you know yet to Merrill yeah got  Frank Miller  mood you know these are like they're ", "know I like -- you know yet to -- Merrill yeah got Frank Miller mood you know these are like -- they're icons in nine and for me I don't I need to do it that ", "Let's shot at number four at this  300  flick that everyone was talking about the past few weeks that's right that  300  huge inserts and indeed prepare for contention about that based on the Comex  Frank Miller . And that there was a lot of news ", 'a lot of contention about that -- -- based on the Comex Frank Miller . And that there was a lot of news about it because people on -- -- were very upset that they thought it ']