['Toradol on game days to treat Fighting Irish players if "medically indicated." By contrast, Alabama team doctor Dr.  James Robinson  said he has "never used it" on Crimson Tide players and will not use it during the BCS National Championship Game ', 'Robin Hood" and other films for $21 million to Morgan Creek International, a sister company owned by its CEO  James Robinson , which is now called Inverness. Costner claims the production company did not report "a single dollar...in ', 'contribution was to Yesha Ministries of Philadelphia. He gave the Christian-based organization run by the Rev.  James Robinson  $250,000. Another $200,000 went to a Christian ministry in Los Angeles called "Living Waters." The foundation ', 'financiers has emerged to fill the gap. The market is real, and the potential for growth is huge, at least according to  James Robinson  III, former CEO of American Express. He is leading a consortium of venture capitalists backing On Deck Capital, a ', 'sclerosis can cost $100,000 a year. But the Tier 4 system leaves seriously ill people with massive drug bills,  James Robinson , a health economist at the University of California, Berkeley, told The Times . "It is a very unfortunate social ', "released today. The grand jury reached its secret decision Thursday night and mailed it to Anne Marie Smith's lawyer,  James Robinson , who disclosed the letter's contents today. In a written statement, Robinson said there was no legal basis for ", "justice in the search for Levy. FBI agents and police were also believed to be in the meeting. Smith's attorney,  James Robinson , told the New York Daily News that the questioning focused on Condit's behavior and whereabouts, not on whether ", 'congressman\'s staff and the flight attendant." Cotchett said the e-mail had been requested by Smith\'s lawyer,  James Robinson . "Mr. Robinson asked that a draft statement be sent to him, that he would review it with his client and make changes ', 'congressman\'s staff and the flight attendant." Cotchett said the e-mail had been requested by Smith\'s lawyer,  James Robinson . "Mr. Robinson asked that a draft statement be sent to him, that he would review it with his client and make changes ', 'top, "Please edit, cut, suggest, etc." Cotchett said the e-mail had been requested by Smith\'s lawyer,  James Robinson . "Mr. Robinson asked that a draft statement be sent to him, that he would review it with his client and make changes ', 'top, "Please edit, cut, suggest, etc." Cotchett said the e-mail had been requested by Smith\'s lawyer,  James Robinson . "Mr. Robinson asked that a draft statement be sent to him, that he would review it with his client and make changes ', 'myth being perpetrated by the banks that there are great bankruptcy fraud cases out there is simply untrue," says  James Robinson , an Arizona lawyer with extensive experience in bankruptcy law. Payment Will Be Required In essence, the bill means ', 'scholar was therefore was entitled to the copyright. A Fine Mess The court acknowledged the lesser role of Eisenman and  James Robinson  in the copyright violation, fining them $2,500 as opposed to the $10,000 it fined Shanks. Tirkel said the ', "furniture and it. Two cars. Security. Attorney fees for Our our our our Internal Revenue Service problems. Suggested  James Robinson  be the host. Keep the marriage workshops. We want made for one year. I don't scenery there. I really don't ", "fees for -- Our our our our Internal Revenue Service problems. Suggested James Robinson be the host. Keep the marriage workshops. We want -- made for one year. I don't scenery -- there. I really don't ", "career kill her. Those who worked but they're saying they didn't do it again and Porter movies. The one year ago  James Robinson  sent Lohan peacekeeping letter criticizing her all night heavy party while filming his picture Georgia rule. But ", 'it again and Porter -- movies. The -- -- one year ago James Robinson sent Lohan peacekeeping letter criticizing her all night heavy party while filming his picture Georgia rule. But even with her latest troubles ', "crowd won't But promising to be back in London next summer the Hyde Park concert to raise money he's anti aids terrorist. Nelson Mandela means to keep alone. Fighting for human rights and dignity.  James Robinson  BBC news in parliament", 'Nelson Mandela means to keep alone. Fighting for human rights and dignity. James Robinson BBC news in parliament -- ', "got Tina and Merrill street. Genius when they're saying I'm Mary in incredible things and then on the he's  James Robinson  he sent Pollyanna and firemen signs. Is that I tank what's what's acts as a southerner Georgia IV aids in the ", "I'm Mary in incredible things and then on the -- he's -- James Robinson he sent -- -- -- Pollyanna and firemen signs. Is that I tank what's -- what's acts as a southerner -- -- "]