['68. Actor Wendell Burton is 66. Actor Art Hindle is 65. Singer Yusuf Islam (formerly Cat Stevens) is 65. Cartoonist  Garry Trudeau  is 65. Comedian-actor Robin Williams is 62. Actor Jamey Sheridan is 62. Rock singer-musician Eric Bazilian (The Hooters ', 'is 70. Actor Leigh Lawson ("Tess") is 68. Singer Yusuf Islam (Cat Stevens) is 65. Cartoonist  Garry Trudeau  (" Doonesbury ") is 65. Comedian-actor Robin Williams is 62. Singer-guitarist Eric Bazilian of The Hooters is 60 ', 'refusing to run an upcoming " Doonesbury " comic strip series by author  Garry Trudeau  that deals with a Texas law and many newspapers publish " Doonesbury " in the editorial section. "We run \' Doonesbury \' on our op-ed page, and ', 'Links , $40 Yul Brynner: A Photographic Journey , $150 Gaga , $24.95 Wonder Woman: Amazon. Hero. Icon. , $35 40: A  Doonesbury  Retrospective , $100 75 Years of DC Comics: The Art of Modern Mythmaking, $200 CLICK HERE for our special books page full ', 'image. "If he wants to change his image, he has to do it on David Letterman, Jay Leno, John Stewart and maybe talk to \' Doonesbury ,\'" said ABC News\' Cokie Roberts. Cheney insiders say the recent appearances are nothing close to an image makeover ', "the historic Chautauqua Institution, an education center that's only open in the summer, with workshops by the likes of  Garry Trudeau  and Joyce Carol Oates. Try The Maple Inn, from $80. The genteel haven has 750 acres of lawns, a lake and a daily farmers ", 'issues. "It seemed that he didn\'t have a center," said Tim Naftali, the incoming director of the Nixon Library. " Doonesbury  made fun of him by portraying him as just a voice, as if to say that he didn\'t have a core." Naftali said that other ', '1992, he debuted a game called "Power Politics." In 1995, he followed with "Power Politics II," better known as the " Doonesbury  Election Game." In 2005, "Power Politics III" was released. "The biggest danger to our form of governing isn\'t terrorism ', "progressive with gay characters. We have seen gay characters in [newspaper] comic strips such as 'For Better or Worse' and ' Doonesbury .' But comic books have lagged behind, perhaps because books that deal with serious political and social issues often tend ", 'Perhaps one source of the strip\'s appeal was that it was not controversial. It did not have the political commentary of " Doonesbury ," "State of the Union" and "The Boondocks." It was an escape from headlines about mean-spirited politics, natural ', 'Hunter S. Thompson , 60 -- "Gonzo" journalist and author of "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" and other books. Inspired  Doonesbury  cartoon character Uncle Duke. From the film version of "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas:" "We were riding the crest of ', 'on This Week. Voices/Images  Garry Trudeau  laid down a cultural marker this turning one of his original  Doonesbury  characters, BD, into a war startling as the absence of his leg.  Garry Trudeau , cartoonist: "What I mean ', 'just consistently hilarious on a daily basis in the third cartoonist rapids so bloom county. Which started as kind of the  Doonesbury  imitation but cut it took off in his own direction is there up and comer that we should keep an eye out for. Well that the ', 'cartoonist -- rapids so bloom county. Which started as kind of the Doonesbury imitation but cut it took off in his own direction is there -- up and comer that we should keep an eye ', 'hearings. Even dinosaurs a show geared to the will replay the Thomas hill debate in a dinosaur context. On the comic pages.  Doonesbury  and Kathy have put their own spin on controversy. Meanwhile the real life characters in this drama show no signs of shying ', 'the Thomas hill debate in a dinosaur context. On the comic pages. Doonesbury and Kathy have put their own spin on -- controversy. Meanwhile the real life characters in this drama show no signs of ']