["NY man sentenced to time served in connection with Fla. hotel heir's beating death", "A New York man who admitted being the driver for two other men in the beating death of a Florida millionaire was sentenced Monday to time served in connection to the 2009 killing.Denis Ramirez was sentenced in federal court in White Plains. A spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office said he's been jailed since his arrest, approximately two years.Spokesman Herb Hadad said Ramirez's cooperation with the government in its investigation into the death of hotel heir Ben Novack Jr. was cited at his sentencing. Ramirez is likely to be deported to his native Nicaragua.Ramirez pleaded guilty in February 2011 to driving two men to a Rye Brook, N.Y., hotel, where Novack was found dead. Novak was the son of the builder of the Fontainebleau hotel in Miami Beach, Fla.His wife, Narcy Novack, and her brother were convicted of hiring hit men for the beating deaths of Novack in New York and his mother, Bernice Novack, in Florida.Novack's father built the Fontainebleau, a celebrity hangout in the 1950s a...", 'Sneaky breast implants. Naked amputees. The Batmobile.There are plenty of bizarre elements in the murder case against Narcy Novack, 54, of Fort Lauderdale, Florida. ...', 'Sneaky breast implants. Naked amputees. The Batmobile.There are plenty of bizarre elements in the murder case against Narcy Novack, 54, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla. But ...', 'A former prostitute and porn actress testified Tuesday that she had a yearlong affair with a Florida millionaire that ended only when he was beaten to death.Rebecca ...', 'A former prostitute and porn actress testified Tuesday that she had a yearlong affair with a Florida millionaire that ended only when he was beaten to deathRebecca B...', "A cooperating witness testified Wednesday that he crashed a heavy plumber's wrench into the skull and face of a Florida millionaire's mother in an attack planned by ...", 'A Florida woman accused of arranging the murder of her millionaire husband told police she knew nothing of his killing until she tripped over his body as she entered...', 'Jurors hearing the case of a Florida woman accused in the killing of her husband should hear the strange complaints she made about him over the past decade, federal ...', 'Jurors hearing the case of a Florida woman accused in the killing of her husband should hear the strange complaints she made about him over the past decade, federal ...', "A Florida woman accused of arranging her millionaire husband's killing took the witness stand Friday in an orange prison jumpsuit and insisted that her statements to...", 'A man accused of helping his sister do away with her husband told a judge Friday that he wants to get married.Cristobal Veliz, 57, was in federal court to be arraign...', 'A Florida woman was found guilty Wednesday of orchestrating the killings of her millionaire husband and his mother in a grab for the family estate.A federal jury con...', 'Feds seek life sentence for Fla. woman convicted in killings of husband, mother-in-law', 'New York prosecutors say a Florida woman convicted of arranging the killings of her husband and mother-in-law should spend the rest of her life in prison.The U.S. at...', "A Florida woman and her brother were found guilty Wednesday of orchestrating the killings of the woman's millionaire husband and his mother in a grab for the family ...", 'A man accused of helping his sister arrange the killings of her millionaire husband and mother-in-law testified Monday that he had nothing to do with the attacks.By ...', 'The key prosecution witnesses in the killings of a Florida millionaire and his mother are "outright sociopaths" who shouldn\'t be believed, a defense lawyer told juro...', 'The wife of a Florida millionaire let two attackers into her hotel room, pointed them to her sleeping husband and gave them a pillow to muffle his screams as they at...']