["were reportedly engaged before breaking up earlier this year. She's also been linked to actors Nicholas Hoult and  Jonah Hill , and pop star Ryan Cabrera. She's Also a Model: Keough was the face of Christian Dior's Miss Dior Cherie Parfum ", 'GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', 'John Krasinski, Jennifer Garner, Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Stiller,  Jonah Hill , Andy Samberg, Michelle Williams, Zac Efron, Charlie Sheen, Chris Pine, Jeremy Renner, Jada Pinkett Smith, Josh ', "Mr. Gandolfini. - Robin Williams (@robinwilliams) June 20, 2013 I'm truly heartbroken to hear that James Gandolfini has passed away. He is one of my all time favorite actors. Tragic loss. -  Jonah Hill  (@JonahHill) June 19, 2013", "'The Wolf on Wall Street' Trailer Shows Leonardo DiCaprio Rolling in Mega-Wealth Debauchery", "aboard his yacht - and yes, the champagne flows. The film, which will be in theaters on Nov. 15, marks DiCaprio's fifth collaboration with Scorsese. Alongside DiCaprio are  Jonah Hill , Matthew McConaughey and Jon Favreau, among others.", "personas. We have Jay Baruchel,  Jonah Hill , James Franco, Craig Robinson and actors he doesn't like, including  Jonah Hill , for whom he has particular disdain the same time casting aspersions on  Jonah Hill  and James Franco, smartly constructs ", "Star Sightings: Kristen Wiig Parties With 'SNL' Stars; Emma Stone, Katie Holmes and more", 'whole crew headed to Ruby Foo\'s in Times Square for a late dinner, where they joined by Max Greenfield, Paul Rudd and  Jonah Hill  . According to a partygoer, "the whole cast and crew were partying," though Wiig spent most of her time catching ', 'choice movie actor: romance for "The Lucky One." The movie also won the surfboard trophy for choice movie: drama.  Jonah Hill  lost out to veteran actor Christopher Plummer in the best supporting actor category at the Academy Awards earlier this ', 'Gosling, Crazy, Stupid, Love.  Jonah Hill , 21 Jump Street Chris Rock, What Men In Black 3 Channing Tatum and  Jonah Hill , 21 Jump Street Mark Wahlberg and The Avengers Channing Tatum and  Jonah Hill , 21 Jump Street Charlize Theron ', 'Galifianakis, The Hangover Part II  Jonah Hill , 21 Jump Street Oliver Cooper The Hunger Games Channing Tatum and  Jonah Hill  vs. Kid Gang, 21 Jump Street Tom Dallas Howard) 21 Jump Street ( Jonah Hill  and Rob Riggle) Drive (Ryan Gosling ', 'California high school student for eight months. Tracie Cone/AP Photo The comedy duo in the movie " 21 Jump Street ,"  Jonah Hill  and Channing Tatum , made a joke out of their undercover assignment. But real-life police officer Alex Salinas, 22 ', "'Neighborhood Watch' Teaser Pulled From Florida Theaters in Wake of Trayvon Martin Case", 'teaser trailer and poster for "Neighborhood Watch," an upcoming summer comedy starring Ben Stiller, Vince Vaughn and  Jonah Hill , have been pulled from Florida theaters in light of the Trayvon Martin case, according to The Hollywood Reporter ', 'as dark" as the late \'80s, early \'90s sitcom in which he co-starred, he complimented stars Channing Tatum and  Jonah Hill  on going "overboard." "I didn\'t know what to expect," Grieco told ABCNews.com today. "They made it into a ', "super bad you watch see her back. Which you make as teenagers and you started to write this and and in the movie then  Jonah Hill . Is playing you because you are to Walt. Two look into all to be it so it wanted to but couldn't do it that had to ", 'you started to write this -- and and in the movie then Jonah Hill . Is playing you because you are to Walt. Two -- look into all to be it -- so it wanted to -- ', "bad you watch group which you make as teenagers and you started to write this. This team and and and in the movie then  Jonah Hill . Is playing you because you are to Walt. look into all to be wanted to but couldn't do it that had to do you. And ", "write this. This team and -- and and in the movie then Jonah Hill . Is playing you because you are to Walt. -- -- look into all to be -- -- wanted to -- but couldn't ", "off. At the words Oscar nominee  Jonah Hill  as he may have started his career most at home. At this place for  Jonah Hill  that neighborhood just happens to of people think they already know  Jonah hill 's lovable slacker it's one of ", "one is allowed to then -- off. At the words Oscar nominee Jonah Hill as he -- may have started his career in the horny teen genre but a serious turn in money ball has all of Hollywood receiving this award season. And as he tells me in tonight's Oscar confidential. Oh he's just warming up. I grew up on the street. So my folks -- -- street when getting acquainted. It's always helpful to go back to the old neighborhood I feel the most at home. At this place for Jonah Hill that neighborhood just happens to include a Hollywood movie studio. That's where our apartment stage was knocked up like that stages where sleeping -- -- super bad it was I just let you guys would go over the rooftops screaming eleven different -- and thanks to his youthful work in this neighborhood a lot of people think they already know Jonah hill's lovable slacker it's one of those guys who wise crack his way into a fabulous life with famous friends spread taking me this watch as a token of his -- group. And as our joke what we called the movie and inside -- says. Money. Balls. -- -- like a little particular humor from Brad Pitt. But here's a twist Jonah Hill and money -- Jonah Hill is enjoying a slew of nominations -- -- a drama. I'm peer group urged Dublin based phone. -- -- -- And -- ", 'would be Belushi. But just as he became the darling of comedy Jonah Hill started saying no to comedies. The times when -- said no and it turned out to be an awful film. Are more ', "I'm not yet. The stars of this movie John C. Reilly  Jonah Hill  and Marisa Tomei. And I talk to them all three of them neighborhood and Cyrus came out let me and I'm sorry.  Jonah Hill  rough welcome to the your money Cyrus. Very funny and ", "not -- yet. The stars of this movie -- John C. Reilly Jonah Hill and Marisa Tomei. And I talk to them all three of them at this year's Sundance Film Festival in January you'll hear ", "neighborhood and Cyrus came out let me and I'm sorry. -- -- Jonah Hill -- -- rough welcome to the -- your money Cyrus. Very funny and it's very inside deuces street -- darkness. And. A ", "Out there's a dramatically different yet. Right exactly cut my hair cut your hair and it could make He look like you drop thirty and that's exactly that. it's just it's just a really I've really. Did you have a secret did you do that that's broken I don't know except that except it's a trainer I", "Okay Billy says he'll pay for himself. But when he's chosen for more money next year. He's keeping the profit. Okay think universal claim that you. The plants that got me makes money ball so interest in me if I didn't give them. Yet. It's that it is taking people and trying to see what is"]