["bad you watch group which you make as teenagers and you started to write this. This team and and and in the movie then  Jonah Hill . Is playing you because you are to Walt. look into all to be wanted to but couldn't do it that had to do you. And ", "write this. This team and -- and and in the movie then Jonah Hill . Is playing you because you are to Walt. -- -- look into all to be -- -- wanted to -- but couldn't ", "off. At the words Oscar nominee  Jonah Hill  as he may have started his career most at home. At this place for  Jonah Hill  that neighborhood just happens to of people think they already know  Jonah hill 's lovable slacker it's one of ", "one is allowed to then -- off. At the words Oscar nominee Jonah Hill as he -- may have started his career in the horny teen genre but a serious turn in money ball has all of Hollywood receiving this award season. And as he tells me in tonight's Oscar confidential. Oh he's just warming up. I grew up on the street. So my folks -- -- street when getting acquainted. It's always helpful to go back to the old neighborhood I feel the most at home. At this place for Jonah Hill that neighborhood just happens to include a Hollywood movie studio. That's where our apartment stage was knocked up like that stages where sleeping -- -- super bad it was I just let you guys would go over the rooftops screaming eleven different -- and thanks to his youthful work in this neighborhood a lot of people think they already know Jonah hill's lovable slacker it's one of those guys who wise crack his way into a fabulous life with famous friends spread taking me this watch as a token of his -- group. And as our joke what we called the movie and inside -- says. Money. Balls. -- -- like a little particular humor from Brad Pitt. But here's a twist Jonah Hill and money -- Jonah Hill is enjoying a slew of nominations -- -- a drama. I'm peer group urged Dublin based phone. -- -- -- And -- ", 'would be Belushi. But just as he became the darling of comedy Jonah Hill started saying no to comedies. The times when -- said no and it turned out to be an awful film. Are more ', "I'm not yet. The stars of this movie John C. Reilly  Jonah Hill  and Marisa Tomei. And I talk to them all three of them neighborhood and Cyrus came out let me and I'm sorry.  Jonah Hill  rough welcome to the your money Cyrus. Very funny and ", "not -- yet. The stars of this movie -- John C. Reilly Jonah Hill and Marisa Tomei. And I talk to them all three of them at this year's Sundance Film Festival in January you'll hear ", "neighborhood and Cyrus came out let me and I'm sorry. -- -- Jonah Hill -- -- rough welcome to the -- your money Cyrus. Very funny and it's very inside deuces street -- darkness. And. A ", "Out there's a dramatically different yet. Right exactly cut my hair cut your hair and it could make He look like you drop thirty and that's exactly that. it's just it's just a really I've really. Did you have a secret did you do that that's broken I don't know except that except it's a trainer I", "Okay Billy says he'll pay for himself. But when he's chosen for more money next year. He's keeping the profit. Okay think universal claim that you. The plants that got me makes money ball so interest in me if I didn't give them. Yet. It's that it is taking people and trying to see what is", "percent that I actually go. Not helped by now you are also working on a film without re think just finished shooting I'm  Jonah Hill  on this movie true story protection and it's me me and it's really exciting it is really rethink and tell us about ", "working on a film without re think just finished shooting -- I'm Jonah Hill on this movie true story -- -- protection and it's me me and it's really exciting it is really rethink and tell ", "to the show one as well anyway. Last Monday started out on the show and called her a little girl who Cobb looks like  Jonah Hill . Quote I learned this little fat chick writes the show directs has shown that makes sense to me because she's such ", "show and called her a little -- girl who Cobb looks like Jonah Hill . Quote I learned this little fat chick writes the show directs has shown that makes sense to me because she's such a ", "unfortunately I was bored during the entire movie don't get me wrong I love Ben Stiller I loved and Spock had about  Jonah Hill . And I was like he had often he's got the together this going to be. So of the moments you. and then I went to the ", "me wrong I love Ben Stiller I loved and Spock had about Jonah Hill . And I was like he had often -- he's got the together this going to be. So -- of the moments you. ", "For his performance is Academy Awards. Not long ago  Jonah Hill  was saying lines likeness. No one in the and for Clemens small role. and acting bug bit. He shortened his to  Jonah Hill  won a small part on NYPD blue helmet. We'll have turned ", 'toys. For his performance is -- -- Academy Awards. Not long ago Jonah Hill was saying lines likeness. No one in the -- and for Clemens never existing that the made up. Its menu. The phenomenally ', "small role. -- and acting bug bit. He shortened his -- to Jonah Hill won a small part on NYPD blue helmet. We'll have turned up at a forty year old virgin triumph the shining gave ", "that's Albert Brooks and drive. Who he's innocent and He can't believe what this guy doesn't drive. And then  Jonah Hill  and money ball you'll. No money involved on White House staff is Brad Pitt. And yet stepped with him every step of ", "innocent and He can't believe what this guy doesn't drive. And then Jonah Hill and money ball you'll. No money involved on White House staff is Brad Pitt. And yet stepped -- with him every step ", "because of that heat. We want to the way of baseball and he's things of a new way He teams up with program played by  Jonah Hill . Two become with a mathematical equation to players' face on it but because score runs stay on base. And these players ", "of a new way He teams up with -- program played by Jonah Hill . Two become with a mathematical equation to -- players' face on it but because score runs stay on base. And these players ", "couple of projects are red tails coming out and run. On the PGA birthday yeah storm Tuskegee airmen and the sitter when  Jonah Hill  and to some of death percent. So tell a little bit about red test is having a lot of we're going to be used to define ", "the PGA -- birthday yeah storm Tuskegee airmen and the sitter when Jonah Hill and to some of death -- -- percent. So tell a little bit about red test is having a lot of we're ", "no losers just disappointed millionaires. Yesterday's announcements were rich with injury  Jonah Hill  and money The squeals told the story how  Jonah Hill  has gone from with mix love and in super and you don't make love. To a thank you please ", "are no losers just disappointed millionaires. Yesterday's announcements were rich with injury Jonah Hill and money -- The squeals told the story how Jonah Hill has gone from -- -- with mix love and in super -- and you don't make love. To a thank you please ", "best supporting actor Tony Brown Lawrence of the now.  Jonah Hill  and money ball. Nick Nolte in warrior Christopher Plummer there's a shocked. In this one it's not going to be  Jonah Hill  because he's too young to even be in this category ", 'got right best supporting actor Tony Brown -- Lawrence of the now. Jonah Hill and money ball. Nick Nolte in warrior Christopher Plummer. Innings and -- outside. That. Now tell me -- year the average age ', "If there's a shocked. In this one it's not going to be Jonah Hill because he's too young to even be in this category I think it's gonna be next -- -- an extremely loud -- ", "just stupid slapstick comedy. The duo was really good  Jonah Hill  and Channing awesome you wouldn't think that they would intriguing and clean things. It also an interesting a big  Jonah Hill  be funny. If there wasn't you know the fat jokes are ", "it wasn't just stupid slapstick comedy. The duo was really good -- Jonah Hill and Channing -- awesome you wouldn't think that they would work well together but these two worked find me. They -- deliberate ", "intriguing and clean things. It also -- an interesting -- a big Jonah Hill be funny. If there wasn't you know the fat jokes are sold you know that's Smart jokes but. Really good if you're ", 'Rooney Mara. As expected Christopher Plummer leads the supporting actor category up against McNulty next Kenneth And  Jonah Hill  who scored his first nod for his turn in money ball. In the supporting actress category Octavia Spencer and Jessica ', 'actor category up against McNulty next -- -- -- Kenneth -- And Jonah Hill who scored his first nod for his turn in money ball. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- In the ', "I think you know and find out am and southerners always. Except for the braces Salinas is more and Johnny depth and  Jonah Hill . One classmate had a crush on him did it's I can't thank you in his right here. Betty that's been a problem we ", "always. Except for the braces Salinas is more and Johnny depth and Jonah Hill . One classmate had a crush on him did it's I can't thank you -- in his right here. -- Betty that's been "]