['Rinehart moved to Los Angeles to work as comedian  Kathy Griffin  \'s assistant, the job came with more than Griffin was shooting her hit Bravo reality show " My Life on the D List ," and Rinehart was soon making regular appearances ', 'profiles several sidekicks, including: comedienne  Kathy Griffin \'s assistant Tiffany Rinehart, who lost more seeing herself on Griffin\'s reality show, " My Life on the D List "; Bethenny Frankel\'s foodie buddy Nick ', 'we\'re used to Joan in America." Rivers has had a long relationship with Prince Charles, Shuter said. "She took  Kathy Griffin  to Buckingham Palace," Shuter said. "That tells you that Joan Rivers knows them very well." The Princess Diana ', 'be performing on Clark\'s New Year\'s Eve Special. CNN\'s Anderson Cooper will once again be joined by comedian  Kathy Griffin , while Fox will offer an all-country lineup featuring"American Idol" runner-up Lauren Alaina. New to the mix ', "Stunned co-anchor Dari Alexander grimaced straight into the camera before going to commercial. 3. Comedian D-lister  Kathy Griffin  was naughty on New Year's 2009 during a live broadcast on CNN with Anderson Cooper. 4. Talk show legend Larry King ", 'NBA player John Salley, famous vegan Alicia Silverstone, Casey Affleck, Kim Basinger and other stars.  Kathy Griffin  Comedian  Kathy Griffin  plans to celebrate herself on Thanksgiving Day. "I\'m going to Nia Vardalos\' ("My Big Fat Greek Wedding ', 'on-air blunders. Once, he mispronounced the station\'s own Web site as "myFoxNY.c**k." Comedian D-lister  Kathy Griffin  was naughty on New Year\'s 2009 during a live broadcast on CNN with Anderson Cooper. Talk show legend Larry King ', 'mother, Donde, died in 2007 as a result of complications from an abdominoplasty and breast augmentation. Comedian  Kathy Griffin  was rushed to the emergency room in Los Angeles during a liposuction procedure in 1999. Another patient, Marilyn ', 'been radically expanded."  Kathy Griffin  As a young girl growing up in an Irish-Catholic family,  Kathy Griffin  went to parochial school Emmy for her reality show, " My Life on the D - List ." "I want you to know that ', 'dream job for Spencer, who is an avid antique hunter and interior designer. She decorated her friend, comedienne  Kathy Griffin \'s home in Hollywood, CA, which can be seen in her upcoming book, "I Brake For Yard Sales," out in April 2012 ', 'respectively). We\'re talking B-List here -- Tori Spelling, for example -- or, in one case, "D-List":  Kathy Griffin  has worked the gig, though not without her signature earthiness. "You may screw the bride," Griffin once said ', 'thought they would get around 100 submissions, the project ended up with more than 9,000 videos. Celebrities such as  Kathy Griffin  and Anne Hathaway, companies such as Google and Gap, politicians such as Hillary Clinton and even President Barack ', "hollywood, where abc's nick watt has the story of two people inspired by their celeb bosses. Take a look. Reporter:  Kathy griffin  is 54 years of age and loves nothing more than a skimpy two-piece. I'm a bikini model, nick. I don't know ", "of two people inspired by their celeb bosses. Take a look. Reporter: Kathy griffin is 54 years of age and loves nothing more than a skimpy two-piece. I'm a bikini model, nick. I don't know what ", "comedienne, she hilarious, and she is my friend. Everybody welcome  kathy griffin . here you go, everybody, here you go. You got a book. You get a book. You get a book. You get a book. Really? We're ", 'comedienne, she hilarious, and she is my friend. Everybody welcome kathy griffin . here you go, everybody, here you go. You got a book. You get a book. You get a book. You get a ', "You just have to know would you invite  Kathy Griffin  to appear on a license allocations that yeah. Yes isn't of course a happy new year disease CNN live special  Kathy Griffin  there. With that Anderson Cooper and well we'll play ", "You just have to know would you invite Kathy Griffin to appear on a license allocations that yeah. Yes isn't rough language that you -- every ready for a rough ride and of course a happy new year disease CNN live special Kathy Griffin -- there. With that Anderson Cooper and well we'll play you a little bit what went on you don't think we gonna ", "Kathy Griffin  is doing VH one divas salute the troops she's onstage and she's doing out that bit and they want people to have the experience of being with  Kathy Griffin  live and of course. She always makes headlines by having people respond ", "Kathy Griffin is doing VH one divas salute the troops she's onstage and she's doing her typical that receive makes out of every one ", 'bit and they want people to have the experience of being with Kathy Griffin live and of course. She always makes headlines by having people respond to her -- in a -- -- kind of playing ', 'winning actress and comedienne  Kathy Griffin . need help revamp for home in laying it right on top. Now from  Kathy Griffin  and Hollywood to the beach always favorite place. Saturday nights like  Kathy Griffin  gave. So much house younger what ', 'take a look. When my longtime friend award winning actress and comedienne Kathy Griffin . -- need help revamp for home in the Hollywood Hills I jumped a good chance to share my passion for interior design ', "piece of Mir and literally laying it right on top. Now from Kathy Griffin and Hollywood -- to the beach always -- home of India hence. She's got daughter Prince Charles was a flower girl for ", "other celebrities. On HGTV's new series my favorite place. Saturday nights like Kathy Griffin gave. So much house younger what I got a little intimidated I think Auburn very good friends as you said just go ", "Comedian  Kathy Griffin  life celebrity and turned it into eight After everybody I'm after the. But  Kathy Griffin  has built a career ignoring that advice her Broadway debut modestly titled  Kathy Griffin  wants Tony guess what I said it. Awards ", 'Comedian Kathy Griffin -- life -- -- -- celebrity and turned it into eight plus gold or stock in trade as a celebrity put down. ', "say anything at all. After everybody I'm -- after -- the. But Kathy Griffin has built a career ignoring that advice. As a salty for signs of celebrities from the -- hands to the -- and ", 'her fans expect nothing less especially in her Broadway debut modestly titled Kathy Griffin wants -- Tony guess what I said it. Awards are hope -- I think. She -- -- -- dogged pursuit of award ']