['Kathy Griffin on how her assistant lost "an Olsen twin," and Joe Jonas\' guitarist on losing 150 lbs.', "hollywood, where abc's nick watt has the story of two people inspired by their celeb bosses. Take a look. Reporter:  Kathy griffin  is 54 years of age and loves nothing more than a skimpy two-piece. I'm a bikini model, nick. I don't know ", "of two people inspired by their celeb bosses. Take a look. Reporter: Kathy griffin is 54 years of age and loves nothing more than a skimpy two-piece. I'm a bikini model, nick. I don't know what ", "comedienne, she hilarious, and she is my friend. Everybody welcome  kathy griffin . here you go, everybody, here you go. You got a book. You get a book. You get a book. You get a book. Really? We're ", 'comedienne, she hilarious, and she is my friend. Everybody welcome kathy griffin . here you go, everybody, here you go. You got a book. You get a book. You get a book. You get a ', "You just have to know would you invite  Kathy Griffin  to appear on a license allocations that yeah. Yes isn't of course a happy new year disease CNN live special  Kathy Griffin  there. With that Anderson Cooper and well we'll play ", "You just have to know would you invite Kathy Griffin to appear on a license allocations that yeah. Yes isn't rough language that you -- every ready for a rough ride and of course a happy new year disease CNN live special Kathy Griffin -- there. With that Anderson Cooper and well we'll play you a little bit what went on you don't think we gonna ", "Kathy Griffin  is doing VH one divas salute the troops she's onstage and she's doing out that bit and they want people to have the experience of being with  Kathy Griffin  live and of course. She always makes headlines by having people respond ", "Kathy Griffin is doing VH one divas salute the troops she's onstage and she's doing her typical that receive makes out of every one ", 'bit and they want people to have the experience of being with Kathy Griffin live and of course. She always makes headlines by having people respond to her -- in a -- -- kind of playing ', 'winning actress and comedienne  Kathy Griffin . need help revamp for home in laying it right on top. Now from  Kathy Griffin  and Hollywood to the beach always favorite place. Saturday nights like  Kathy Griffin  gave. So much house younger what ', 'take a look. When my longtime friend award winning actress and comedienne Kathy Griffin . -- need help revamp for home in the Hollywood Hills I jumped a good chance to share my passion for interior design ', "piece of Mir and literally laying it right on top. Now from Kathy Griffin and Hollywood -- to the beach always -- home of India hence. She's got daughter Prince Charles was a flower girl for ", "other celebrities. On HGTV's new series my favorite place. Saturday nights like Kathy Griffin gave. So much house younger what I got a little intimidated I think Auburn very good friends as you said just go ", "Comedian  Kathy Griffin  life celebrity and turned it into eight After everybody I'm after the. But  Kathy Griffin  has built a career ignoring that advice her Broadway debut modestly titled  Kathy Griffin  wants Tony guess what I said it. Awards ", 'Comedian Kathy Griffin -- life -- -- -- celebrity and turned it into eight plus gold or stock in trade as a celebrity put down. ', "say anything at all. After everybody I'm -- after -- the. But Kathy Griffin has built a career ignoring that advice. As a salty for signs of celebrities from the -- hands to the -- and ", 'her fans expect nothing less especially in her Broadway debut modestly titled Kathy Griffin wants -- Tony guess what I said it. Awards are hope -- I think. She -- -- -- dogged pursuit of award ', "everything that's out there only believe what. I'd say so she's taken little shop pot shot at the media. You  Kathy Griffin  they can be and I think should think that's what I think she can be funny it won't make to an end to this spring ", "say so she's taken little shop pot shot at the media. You Kathy Griffin -- they can be and I think -- should think that's what I think she can be funny -- it won't make ", "Comedian Kathy grip and rang and the new year with Anderson Cooper on CNN and one New Year's Eve. But one resolution she didn't mention on the air her latest target. Griffin tells the Hollywood reporter he's out to offend another Palin in 2011. And this time sixteen year old Ocalan. told the", 'Sarah Palin has had it with  Kathy Griffin  on Fox News the former Alaska governor called a comedian a bully for poking fun at the family. Griffin is reportedly set to play ', 'Sarah Palin has had it with Kathy Griffin on Fox News the former Alaska governor called a comedian a bully for poking fun at the -- -- family. Griffin is ', 'find humor in it then. And go for and so did and of one of the celebrity talk about often Wear your good friends with  Kathy Griffin  yes and ran in and you. Have had a lot of exploits that I have heard a lot of personal stories and share a lot in ', 'of the celebrity talk about often Wear your good friends with -- Kathy Griffin yes and ran in and you. Have had a lot of exploits that I have heard a lot of personal stories and ', 'clarified what that meant. Jesse tyler ferguson, tweeting, jodie foster, you are perfection. I love you. Comedienne  kathy griffin , her speech tells lgbt youth, america has evolved. Be proud of who you are. The actress has been in the public ', 'tyler ferguson, tweeting, jodie foster, you are perfection. I love you. Comedienne kathy griffin , her speech tells lgbt youth, america has evolved. Be proud of who you are. The actress has been in the public eye ', 'all right. Have you heard the news? Lara actually brakes for yard sales. Actually, as  kathy griffin  reminded us eloquently and rather dangerously yesterday. In her appearance she was throwing actual books to the audience. I tell ', 'you heard the news? Lara actually brakes for yard sales. Actually, as kathy griffin reminded us eloquently and rather dangerously yesterday. In her appearance she was throwing actual books to the audience. I tell you, if ', 'She was relaxing kind of silly. And not with the feeling both inside the Nokia and on the red carpet Jon Hamm and  Kathy Griffin  and Betty White you name a star they their party. And about the style while the temperatures and addresses both sizzling ', 'both inside the Nokia and on the red carpet Jon Hamm and Kathy Griffin and Betty White you name a star they -- their party. And about the style while the temperatures and addresses both sizzling. ']