['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', "got such strong competition I mean. You've got even once again you've got modern family and their once again got  Lena Dunham  from girls and Julie Louis-Dreyfus as thing. These are tremendous performances they'll be hard to be when when ", "even once again you've got modern family and their once again got Lena Dunham from girls and -- Julie Louis-Dreyfus as -- -- thing. These are tremendous performances they'll be hard to be when when -- ", 'Girls star  Lena Dunham  made a major splash in Hollywood winning to major awards last night check out her acceptance speech. I to start facing at the ', 'Girls star Lena Dunham made a major splash in Hollywood winning to major awards last night check out her acceptance speech. I -- to start facing ', "a lot of attention this is less pain songs she's she's that to happen hand. And it's we do love him he is me  Lena Dunham  and she's really. She's really the in this in this and there are some veiled and not so veiled references to drugs ", "hand. And it's -- we do love him he is -- me Lena Dunham and she's really. She's really -- the -- in this in this and there are some veiled and not so veiled references ", 'paid $ million FOR THE 1930s ESTATE. However, the original asking price was 24 million. So -- a bargain. Yeah.  Lena dunham  of "girls" is keeping it real in the borough where it\'s. Three bedrooms, has views of the bridges, manhattan ', 'the original asking price was 24 million. So -- a bargain. Yeah. Lena dunham of "girls" is keeping it real in the borough where it\'s. Three bedrooms, has views of the bridges, manhattan, and a cool ', 'called dating up or dating out of your league. It was something that came up very recently on an episode of "girls."  Lena dunham \'s character, very celebratory of her disheveled look, dating a very good-looking guy. And a lot of people got ', 'was something that came up very recently on an episode of "girls." Lena dunham\'s character, very celebratory of her disheveled look, dating a very good-looking guy. And a lot of people got worked up about this ', 'start about world. Is frustrating to and I got book but part of him. And correlate to but. Working on girls and with  Lena Dunham  and with jet at the who that this is. Generation defining show. Keep remember how that came about it and I know that ', 'of him. And correlate to -- but. Working on girls and with Lena Dunham and with jet at the -- who -- -- -- that this is. Generation defining show. Keep -- remember how that came ', "amazing. Reporter: Including hbo's show that took home vel bigs comedy and was the life of the backstage party.  Lena dunham  bunny-hopped over to us after the win. We love our jobs so much. We can't believe this is happening to us. Reporter ", "home vel bigs comedy and was the life of the backstage party. Lena dunham bunny-hopped over to us after the win. We love our jobs so much. We can't believe this is happening to us. Reporter: ", 'just ellen DeGENERES AND OF COURSE OPRAH Winfrey. But  lena dunham  from "girls" is on the list, as well. I was surprised And a lot of women didn\'t know who that was. This is  lena dunham , a girl who has come on strong in hollywood. She is ', 'list. Including not just ellen DeGENERES AND OF COURSE OPRAH Winfrey. But lena dunham from "girls" is on the list, as well. I was surprised. But happily so. A lot of people, when they watched the emmys this year, they saw the naked woman on the toilet eating birthday cake. And a lot of women didn\'t know who that was. This is lena dunham , a girl who has come on strong in hollywood. She is number 100 on our list, rounding out the list and making ', 'bad" can beat it. It will be a great scrap. Who is your dark horse? I would like to see "girls" do well. And  lena dunham . I would like to see the show do well. Is there that show grew on me. It got better. It\'s bleeding edge out there ', 'your dark horse? I would like to see "girls" do well. And lena dunham . I would like to see the show do well. Is there that show grew on me. It got better. It\'s bleeding edge ', "could have been uncomfortable. That's exciting. Nominees for a lead actress in a comedy series. Zooey deschanel,  lena dunham . Edie falco. Tina fay. Julia louis-dreyfus. melissa McCarthy. And amy poehler. Alec baldwin, 30 rock. Don ", 'exciting. Nominees for a lead actress in a comedy series. Zooey deschanel, lena dunham . Edie falco. Tina fay. Julia louis-dreyfus. melissa McCarthy. And amy poehler. Alec baldwin, 30 rock. Don cheadle, house of lies. Louis c.K., ', 'Mara fresh out of college in his back home to New York City to live with her family. It was written and directed by  Lena Dunham  who is just 24 years old and the film is loosely based on her life gonna take a look at a clip. Here are has just arrived ', 'City to live with her family. It was written and directed by Lena Dunham who is just 24 years old and the film is loosely based on her life -- gonna take a look at a ']