["Banks' character is seen posing for anti-American themed holiday cards with Kim, who is portrayed by comedienne  Margaret Cho  on the show. It seems we will have to wait until the series to returns on January 12 to find out how the show's writers ", 'Simpson and Ron Goldman. F amous Birthdays 1890 Fritz Lang 1901 Walt Disney 1902 Strom Thurmond 1932 Little Richard 1968  Margaret Cho  1979 Nick Stahl 1985 Frankie Muniz View more videos from This Month in History: December .', 'realize you\'re not being cool at all. I mean, it\'s the stupidest thing to do." -- "Larry King Live," Oct. 4.  Margaret Cho  "When I was a teenager, I was bullied a lot, and I felt very insecure and very scared, and I didn\'t want to live ', 'realize you\'re not being cool at all. I mean, it\'s the stupidest thing to do." -- "Larry King Live," Oct. 4.  Margaret Cho  "When I was a teenager, I was bullied a lot, and I felt very insecure and very scared, and I didn\'t want to live ', 'Comedian  Margaret Cho  , who was eliminated from " Dancing With the Stars " Tuesday night after a heartfelt samba, said she\'s proud of her performance ', 'interview with recently booted "DWTS" contestants  Margaret Cho  and Louis Van Amstel this morning, Van Amstel surprised love to have you as my partner," he said. Comedian  Margaret Cho , who was eliminated from "Dancing With the Stars ', 'singer Brandy; comedian and actress  Margaret Cho ; former NBA champion Rick Fox a new CD for release in 2011.  Margaret Cho  One of the most successful stand-up comedians of today,  Margaret Cho  has performed for millions of people ', "Star-Studded Season 11 Cast Includes David Hasselhoff, Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino, Jennifer Grey", 'face, they said, to make it as an undercover agent. Who knew a gold medal could hold you back from your dreams?  Margaret Cho , Comedian I really wanted to be Wonder Woman. I actually made myself a training program. Every day I would jump down ', 'Armstrong , Ashton Kutcher , Demi Moore, P. Diddy, Martha Stewart, John Mayer, Ellen Degeneres, Kathy Griffin,  Margaret Cho , Jimmy Fallon and Perez Hilton count themselves among the celebrity "Twitterati," updating accounts themselves or ', 'Armstrong, Ashton Kutcher, Demi Moore, P. Diddy, Martha Stewart, John Mayer, Ellen Degeneres, Kathy Griffin,  Margaret Cho , Jimmy Fallon and Perez Hilton count themselves among the celebrity "Twitterati," updating accounts themselves or ', 'Rock to Win In addition to Lauper and Etheridge, the Rock to Win concert features musician Rufus Wainwright, comedian  Margaret Cho  and musician/actress Thelma Houston, and its organizers hope the national spotlight gives voice to its cause ', 'also in studio recording a new CD for release in 2011.  Margaret Cho  One of the most successful stand-up comediennes of today,  Margaret Cho  has performed for millions of people around the world ', "It's the end of the road for comedienne Margaret on Dancing With The Stars she and her wonderful partner Louis Van Amstel what did you watch them. All they gave it their heart and salt. This field and it really was an emotional access. Many people were very sorry to see you going to have Margaret", "you feel. Seventeen year old youth who was. In quite a bit of despair You're not alone it will get better or even  Margaret Cho  showed her support. Her final appearances Dancing With The Stars. Wearing this rainbow outfit to send a message to ", "-- -- -- You're not alone it will get better or even Margaret Cho showed her support. Her final appearances Dancing With The Stars. Wearing this rainbow outfit to send a message to gay and lesbian ", "athletes for Warner Rick Fox. And the hop. David Hasselhoff. The women's singer and actress brandy comedian actress  Margaret Cho  Jennifer Grey his best known as baby and dirty dancing guess nobody puts baby in the quarter. Mrs. Brady Florence ", "the hop. David Hasselhoff. The women's singer and actress brandy comedian actress Margaret Cho Jennifer Grey his best known as baby and dirty dancing guess nobody puts baby in the quarter. Mrs. Brady Florence Henderson -- "]