['didn\'t make the cut this year. Actresses competing for top comedy acting honors are Laura Dern for "Enlightened";  Lena Dunham  for "Girls"; Edie Falco for "Nurse Jackie"; Amy Poehler for "Parks and Recreation" and Julia Louis-Dreyfus ', 'FX Networks; Alec Baldwin, "30 Rock," NBC. Actress, Comedy Series: Laura Dern, "Enlightened," HBO;  Lena Dunham , "Girls," HBO; Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie," Showtime; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation," NBC; Tina Fey ', 'Rock Girls Louie Modern Family The Big Bang Theory Veep Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series Tina Fey, 30 Rock  Lena Dunham , Girls Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Veep Laura Dern, Enlightened Edie Falco, Nurse Jackie Amy Poehler, Parks and Recreation ', 'Comedy Predicted Nominees: Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock"; Zooey Deschanel, "New Girl";  Lena Dunham , "Girls"; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation"; Laura Dern, "Enlightened" "If I was betting, I would say ', "Fulton, Rachel Jeantel, everyone who loved Trayvon and has been sent the message that his life didn't matter. -  Lena Dunham  (@lenadunham) July 14, 2013 And our taxes paid for that trial. We just paid to see a murderer walk free after killing ", 'Schiaparelli, they chose this "yummy" color, but that was the only reference. "She is her own woman," explains Posen.  Lena Dunham , Golden Globes 2013 When Posen was a high school student in New York City, he was Dunham\'s babysitter, which ', 'on Thursday evening showcased how it intends to stay relevant to the next generation. First of all, they honored  Lena Dunham , the mastermind behind Girls and someone who has been called the voice of twenty-somethings the world over. The ', 'all get home.\'" The site has such cachet it has attracted high-profile contributors like HBO "Girls" creator  Lena Dunham , comedian Sarah Silverman. And, for the girl who loves the \'60s "Mad Man" aesthetic, even the AMC show\'s star ', 'be returning to the show. According to the New York Post\'s Page Six , "Chris is at odds with [series creator]  Lena  [ Dunham ] . He didn\'t like the direction things are going in, which seems a bit odd, since the show put him on the map ', 'catwalks, to curvaceous superstars like Adele belting it out at the Oscars (and winning one for "Skyfall") and  Lena Dunham  proudly bearing it all in her hit HBO show, "Girls," plus-size is going mainstream. Watch the full story on ', 'to elevate their sexuality above all other aspects of their identity. HBO\'s popular television show, "Girls" by  Lena Dunham , has been a touchstone for this generation, the millennials. But the 20-something characters, though sexually ', 'Girl-of-the-moment  Lena Dunham  talks candidly about her battle with obsessive-compulsive disorder and anxiety in the Feb. 28 issue of Rolling Stone. In the ', 'ABC News\' Juju Chang reports:  Lena Dunham  has taken Hollywood by storm as the town\'s unlikely "It" girl, creating and starring in the HBO sitcom "Girls." Now Dunham ', 'And Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory. The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and  Lena Dunham  girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration ', "lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham -- girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's ", "got such strong competition I mean. You've got even once again you've got modern family and their once again got  Lena Dunham  from girls and Julie Louis-Dreyfus as thing. These are tremendous performances they'll be hard to be when when ", "even once again you've got modern family and their once again got Lena Dunham from girls and -- Julie Louis-Dreyfus as -- -- thing. These are tremendous performances they'll be hard to be when when -- ", 'Girls star  Lena Dunham  made a major splash in Hollywood winning to major awards last night check out her acceptance speech. I to start facing at the ', 'Girls star Lena Dunham made a major splash in Hollywood winning to major awards last night check out her acceptance speech. I -- to start facing ', "a lot of attention this is less pain songs she's she's that to happen hand. And it's we do love him he is me  Lena Dunham  and she's really. She's really the in this in this and there are some veiled and not so veiled references to drugs ", "hand. And it's -- we do love him he is -- me Lena Dunham and she's really. She's really -- the -- in this in this and there are some veiled and not so veiled references ", 'paid $ million FOR THE 1930s ESTATE. However, the original asking price was 24 million. So -- a bargain. Yeah.  Lena dunham  of "girls" is keeping it real in the borough where it\'s. Three bedrooms, has views of the bridges, manhattan ', 'the original asking price was 24 million. So -- a bargain. Yeah. Lena dunham of "girls" is keeping it real in the borough where it\'s. Three bedrooms, has views of the bridges, manhattan, and a cool ', 'called dating up or dating out of your league. It was something that came up very recently on an episode of "girls."  Lena dunham \'s character, very celebratory of her disheveled look, dating a very good-looking guy. And a lot of people got ', 'was something that came up very recently on an episode of "girls." Lena dunham\'s character, very celebratory of her disheveled look, dating a very good-looking guy. And a lot of people got worked up about this ']