['Edmonton Oilers forward Ben Eager  charged with assault after arrest at Toronto bar', 'Edmonton Oilers forward Ben Eager has been charged with assault following a disturbance in a Toronto bar last weekend.He is to appear in court Nov. 26. Police say Eager and his 31-year-old brother Michael Eager have been charged with threatening bodily harm, causing bodily harm and assault with a weapon.Toronto police Const. Tony Vella says one man was taken to the hospital. The alleged assault happened at about 1 a.m. Saturday.The 6-foot-2, 240-pound Eager has two years left on a $3.3 million contract. The 28-year-old winger had eight goals and five assists in 63 games last season....', 'Sam Gagner scored the game-winner in the first round of the shootout, as the Edmonton Oilers rallied past the Phoenix Coyotes, 3-2.Jordan Eberle and Teemu Hartikaine...', 'The Detroit Red Wings seek just their second winning streak of the season on Saturday afternoon when they open up a four-game homestand against the Edmonton Oilers.T...', "Yakupov's goal in overtime leads Edmonton Oilers to 2-1 win over Phoenix Coyotes", 'Nail Yakupov scored a power-play goal at 3:52 of overtime and the Edmonton Oilers fought back after giving up a goal late in regulation to beat the Phoenix Coyotes 2...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Discipline has been a problem for the Sharks during the Western Conference Final. Just ask Ben Eager."You got to stay out of the box," said Eager...', 'Vladimir Sobotka and David Backes both scored in the third period as the St. Louis Blues rallied from a two-goal deficit to beat the Edmonton Oilers, 4-2, at Scottra...', 'Drew Miller and Henrik Zetterberg scored in the third period, and the Detroit Red Wings extended their home winning streak to 18 games with a 4-2 victory over the Ed...', 'The Dallas Stars showed some toughness in their last trip to the ice, a sign that the club may finally be ready to string some wins together.The Edmonton Oilers know...', 'The Edmonton Oilers were able to snap a seven-game road losing streak last night, but were left with little to celebrate.First, the Oilers lost a pair of key players...', 'Taylor Hall scored 17 seconds into overtime to 3 win over the Ottawa Senators on Saturday.Magnus Paajarvi , Ben Eager and Shawn Horcoff also scored for the Oilers an...', 'The Blackhawks ended a 49-year championship drought the last time they played in Philadelphia. Chicago will return to the City of Brotherly Love for the first time s...', "Ryan Nugent-Hopkins scored a pair of goals and the Edmonton Oilers ended the Calgary Flames' five-game winning streak with a 3-1 victory Friday night.Jordan Eberle h...", 'Edmonton Oilers forward Ben Eager has been charged with assault following an altercation at a Toronto bar over the weekend.Eager and his brother Michael were taken i...', 'Ales Hemsky scored a goal and two assists, Jeff Petry added a goal and an assist, and Devan Dubnyk made 33 saves in helping the Edmonton Oilers roll to a 5-1 victory...', 'Ales Hemsky tallied and added a pair of assists as the Edmonton Oilers downed Dallas, 5-1, at American Airlines Center.Sam Gagner, Jeff Petry, Justin Schultz and Ben...', 'The Edmonton Oilers try to win in St. Louis for the first time in over three years on Friday night as they continue their longest road trip of the season with a matc...', 'The Edmonton Oilers know they let a game slip away ahead of a trip to a city in which they have struggled mightily over the last six years.The Oilers continue their ...', "Koivu's goal serves as reward for Wild's defensive effort in 4-2 win over sluggish Oilers", 'Mikko Koivu made up for a frustrating stretch without a goal by Minnesota, scoring 9 seconds into the third period to snap a tie and spark the Wild to a 4-2 victory ...']