['Ian Poulter and Martin Laird both fired rounds of seven-under 65 on Thursday to share the first-round lead of The Players Championship.Blake Adams is alone in third ...', "Padraig Harrington. Angel Cabrera. Lucas Glover.Golf's major championships used to be so easy to predict.Stewart Cink. Y.E. Yang. Phil Mickelson.Tiger Woods could be...", "Tiger Woods' biggest problem Friday was a broken right shoe.It turned out to be a quick fix.If he keeps playing the way he did in the second round at The Players Cha...", "Kevin Na didn't feel comfortable about anything Saturday except his name atop the leaderboard at The Players Championship.Na rolled in a 15-foot birdie putt on the 1...", "It didn't always look pretty on Saturday, but Kevin Na birdied the last hole to take the third-round lead at The Players Championship.Na, one of three second-round l...", 'The only complaint about Matt Kuchar was not winning enough. He picked up a big one Sunday at The Players Championship.Kuchar avoided the big mistakes that slowed so...', 'Matt Kuchar fought off several competitors on Sunday to win The Players Championship by two strokes.Kuchar closed with a two-under 70 to finish at 13-under-par 275. ...', 'Ben Curtis seems to excel at the least likely times.Curtis won his fourth PGA Tour event on Sunday, as he hung on to win the Valero Texas Open despite going 1-over p...', 'Ken Duke and Cameron Tringale both fired seven-under 65s Thursday to share the lead after the opening round of the Zurich Classic of New Orleans.They hold a one-stro...', 'Matt Jones fired a five-under 67 on Friday to move three strokes clear of the field after two rounds of the Puerto Rico Open.Jones, who shared the first-round lead w...', 'His first win came with a silver claret jug. His latest win came with a pair of cowboy boots.Based on his reaction, it was hard to tell which meant more to Ben Curti...', 'Matt Jones and George McNeill fired under 66s on Thursday to share the lead after one round of the Puerto Rico Open.Jones and McNeill sit one shot ahead of Ben Curti...', 'Retief Goosen and Ross Fisher both shot five- under 67 to help Lake Nona come back to win its fourth consecutive Tavistock Cup.Lake Nona, the tournament host, finish...', 'Tiger Woods appears recovered from the mild Achilles strain that forced him out of the WGC-Cadillac Championship after carding a level par 72 in the final round of t...', 'American Jeff Maggert birdied three of his last eight holes to grab a one-shot lead when the weather-delayed second round of the Houston Open was finally completed i...', "Ben Curtis' win Sunday at the Texas Open, his first on tour since 2006, vaulted the former British Open champion up 124 spots in this week's world rankings.Curtis is...", 'At Royal Lytham & St. Annes Lytham St. Annes, England Purse: 5 million pounds ($7.75 million) Yardage: 7,060 yards; Par: 70 All times EDT (a-amateur)Thursday-Friday1...', "Sean O'Hair and Bo Van Pelt combined to shoot under par on Monday to help give Isleworth the lead after the first round of the Tavistock Cup.Monday's format was four...", 'Like a golfing pied piper, an army of kids has trailed Rickie Fowler around the Memorial all week.They had a lot to cheer about on Saturday.Fowler followed two round...']