['VANCOUVER, B.C. -- The Western Conference Finals features star forwards who have to find a way to take their games to the next level. It features a goaltender with a...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - The San Jose Sharks have shaken up their fourth line after losing the first two games of the Western Conference finals against Vancouver.Coac...', 'By Allan DowdVANCOUVER (Reuters) - The Vancouver Canucks took advantage of a frustrated San Jose Sharks on Wednesday, pounding out a 7-3 win to take a 2-0 series lea...', 'Some players may recently have signed with their respective clubs; however, their contracts had not yet been filed with the League.Tendered a qualifying offer by the...', 'The Boston Bruins should have an easier time repeating than the last team to win the Stanley Cup .Unlike the Chicago Blackhawks of a year ago, the Bruins are well-po...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - With the core of a team that has made consecutive trips to the conference finals in place, the San Jose Sharks head into this offseason looki...', "The Edmonton Oilers opened free agency by signing forward Ben Eager .Shortly after the start of the NHL's signing period on Friday, Edmonton agreed with Eager on a t...", 'SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - The San Jose Sharks lost more than the first two games in the Western Conference final during a lost trip to Vancouver. They also lost their ...', 'Make no mistake about it, the 2011-12 version of the Chicago Blackhawks will not be pushed around by anybody.In fact, after what Chicago General Manager Stan Bowman ...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Vancouver can grab a commanding 3-0 series lead in the Western Conference Finals with a win here at HP Pavilion Thursday (9 p.m. ET, Versus, CBC,...', "It'll take until at least Christmas to know how the decisions made by all 30 teams will alter the playing field in the NHL for the 2011-12 season. But with the offse...", 'NEW YORK (AP) - So much for this being an unattractive bunch of NHL free agents.While Dallas Stars center Brad Richards was considered the cream of a small elite cro...', 'NEW YORK (AP) - So much for this being an unattractive bunch of NHL free agents.While Dallas Stars center Brad Richards was considered the cream of a small elite cro...', 'The San Jose Sharks lost more than the first two games in the Western Conference final during a lost trip to Vancouver. They also lost their composure.From captain J...', 'NEW YORK (AP) - So much for this being an unattractive bunch of NHL free agents.While Dallas Stars center Brad Richards was considered the cream of a small elite cro...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. -- The turnaround between Games 3 and 4 of the Western Conference Finals is quicker than usual with the noon local time start in the Bay Area on Sun...', 'The San Jose Sharks have shaken up their fourth line after losing the first two games of the Western Conference finals against Vancouver.Coach Todd McLellan suited u...']