["Freshman week at colleges everywhere: A rite of passage for students and parents alike. Here at Carleton University in Canada's capital city, Ottawa, the school year and adventure were just beginning... Young people on their own for the first time, moms and dads not so sure about it...", 'As for 18-year-old Nadia Kajouji, she was all self-confident with ambitions for a career in law and politics. And her parents had no doubt she would do just fine. ', "It was the first week of September 2007, and as Nadia moved into Carleton's Prescott Hall residence, her mother Deborah says they felt assured she'd be well cared for. ", 'DEBORAH CHEVALIER: Oh, they tell you about all the wonderful medical care,how all the students are completely covered. They go into the doctors, the counselors..They never have to leave the campus.', 'She was very in depth. Very smart. I always knew that she would do something great in her life.', "Mom knew about pregnancy and miscarriage... Dad did not. But the heartbreak of lost love would turn out to be the least of it. Nadia's mother was concerned.", 'And, after Christmas, things went from bad to worse. Nadia began to withdraw. On camera, wearing an eyeshade, she bared her feelings about what was going wrong. ', "NADIA KAJOUJI: I didn't want to get pregnant, I didn't choose to get pregnant. The condom broke. I took the morning-after pill and it failed. So I was pregnant and had no choice in the matter. And then I miscarried, so I couldn't choose whether to keep the child, or not keep the child, go through with the pregnancy, not go through with it.", 'About two months after she made that entry to her video diary, Ottawa found itself digging out from under 20 fresh inches of snow. ', "That morning, at Carleton University, Nadia Kajouji missed an appointment with the mental health counselor she'd been seeing. Music had been blaring from her dorm room all night. ", "When security came to open the door, Nadia's wallet, credit cards and money were still there; her iPod, too, paused mid-song. There was her prom dress, but no winter coat and no Nadia. ", '300 miles away, outside Toronto, her parents had been trying to reach her for days. It would be another 48 hours before Deborah Chevalier got that phone call. ', "DEBORAH CHEVALIER: The message was from security at Carleton, wanting to know if Nadia was home with us because she hadn't been seen at school.", 'Finding answers to those anguished questions would trigger a search that would lead around the world and would uncover something almost unimaginable.', "The search was on for Nadia Kajouji. What could have happened to this bright, beautiful college freshman? She had missed an appointment with her mental health counselor. She'd been gone two days before anyone at the university notified her parents. ", "A Carleton University spokesman declined Dateline's request for an interview. To view the university's response, ", 'MARC KAJOUJI: Was I foolish for searching here, and trying to search there, and going to parks knee-high in snow? It kept hope, it kept a bit of hope, you know, a bit of sanity, I guess, in the situation.', 'It was only after Nadia disappeared that her parents began to piece together what their daughter had been going through at school. They noticed changes on her last visit home.', 'DEBORAH CHEVALIER: She was depressed when she came home in February. She was not at all herself.', "But they were now learning things had become far worse at school. Nadia was suicidal, with severe mood swings. She'd told her counselor and doctor she couldn't sleep and was prescribed anti-depressants. And she kept talking about killing herself. ", "In her secret video diary, Nadia recalled the conversations she'd had with her counselor.", "KRYSTAL LEONOV: She would lock herself in her room and not come out. We would try and knock on her door. Nothing. So I'd, like, call her, and I knew she was in her room, so I'd call her. And she wouldn't pick up her phone. Try to Facebook her, email her, and she just wouldn't come out. If she did come out, she was very different. She would look at you, but really wouldn't look at you. It was as if she wasn't there. Like, she wasn't the same person she was at the beginning.", 'DEBORAH CHEVALIER: I was told one of her roommates did call security one time and tell security that they believed she was suicidal.', 'But apparently no one had taken action, until that behavior became too much to ignore. A police officer told her father about another incident.', 'But remember, her parents knew nothing about what went on at school until after Nadia had disappeared.', 'MOHAMED KAJOUJI: Yes, nobody. I believe that was in November or December when that happened. ', 'In her video diary, and in meetings with her counselor and doctor, she was openly threatening suicide. ', "NADIA KAJOUJI: It's snowing outside. That's why I did this in front of the window. I hoped you'd be able to see the snow because personally I like looking at the snow. ", "NADIA KAJOUJI: I don't know if I can stay in school. I can't even go to class. I'm going to lose this semester. And it seems like it would be easy to start going to class and doing my work, but I can't. I can't function, and that was what the doctor said, that we should focus on getting me to function.", 'DETECTIVE UDAY JASWAL: She had visited a number of online, sort of public suicide sites, looking at a variety of ways and methods to commit suicide.', "Nadia's parents were shocked as they read the chats their daughter had with her online friend.", 'Cami D wants Nadia to hang herself in front of her webcam. She promises she would watch to make sure Nadia is doing everything correctly. Then, Cami D says, she will hang herself right afterwards.', "But that's not what Nadia wants. She says she wants her death to look like a skating accident, where she simply falls through the ice. ", "Nadia: There's a bridge over the river where there's a break in the ice. The water is really rough right now and it should carry me back under the ice so I can't come up for air. And if drowning doesn't get me, hopefully the hypothermia will.", 'The chats become more and more disturbing as Cami D keeps suggesting they hang themselves together online.', "NADI KAJOUJI: I feel bad wasting my parents' money on school. But I mean, what could I be doing instead? Could I work right now? I don't know. ", "Nadia's father says when he saw the transcripts of her online chats about suicide, he knew that she was dead.", "Six weeks after she went missing, Nadia Kajouji's body was discovered not far from her college campus.", 'CBC NEWS ANCHOR: There was sad news today for the family of a missing Carleton university student. Police have identified the body found yesterday in the Rideau River as that of Nadia Kajouji.', "In the leafy corner of England where she lives, Celia Blay is known as a horsewoman. A retired school-teacher, after her elderly parents died, she began surfing the web...looking for others who understood her grief. One day, by accident, she found an online world she didn't know existed: Websites, chat-rooms, newsgroups...all dedicated to suicide. ", "CELIA BLAY: I think there are 7,000 sites online actually that deal with suicide one way or another. There's some really nasty places out there.", "CELIA BLAY: Sometimes it's a serious and helpful and supportive site. Other times, there are people deliberately trying to push others over the edge.", 'Celia began chatting online with a suicidal 17-year-old girl from South America.', "CELIA BLAY: She wrote to me out of the blue, saying she was in a suicide pact. And I tried to persuade her not to go ahead with it. She said she was going to hang herself on Friday afternoon at 4 o'clock.", 'Celia learned that, like Nadia, this girl said she was in a suicide pact with someone the girl had met online, someone using the screen name li dao.', "CELIA BLAY: I think she said she was in her 20s or early 30s, yes, same age, a young nurse. Told my friend how to hang herself and suggested that they time it by doing it in front of a webcam so that they'd hang together.", 'BOB MCKEOWN: And what was it, from their point of view, that made the person they thought they were communicating with so convincing?', "CELIA BLAY: She was very, very sympathetic. She'd call them 'hun' and she'd say I understand. ", "And Blay believed that if she took the transcripts of those online conversations to her local police station, there would be more than enough evidence to trigger an investigation. But, as she was about to find out, it wouldn't be that easy. ", 'So,like a real world Miss Marple, Blay began her own hunt to uncover the identity of that online nurse who seemed so eager to help other people die. She realized that li dao was just one of a number of screen names being used by that nurse, among them "falcon girl." ', 'So Celia Blay set up a kind of live on-line sting with the help of another young woman with whom the nurse had been communicating. They asked the nurse to e-mail a photograph and got back this picture. The nurse had been sending that photo to other people as well, saying that the woman in the photo was her. ', "Both had their webcams activated. And that's when something incredible happened at the other end: For just a few seconds, this person stepped in front of the webcam. Blay and the woman quickly took a picture of the screen with a cell phone.", "From this frozen image of that moment, one thing was clear to Celia Blay: The person claiming to be a young American nurse, the one behind all those suicide pacts she'd been investigating, was no female, but a middle-aged man. The same one right there in that family portrait.", 'CELIA BLAY: He makes a mistake. He uses his real name in the heading of an email.', "The name is William Melchert-Dinkel. He lives on this quiet street in Fairbault, Minnesota. And he not only used the screen names li dao and falcon girl, but also cami-d, the supposed online friend who'd coached Nadia Kajouji to kill herself that cold winter night in Ottawa.", 'At home in England, amateur detective Celia Blay had spent a year and a half tracking down the person behind all those phony online suicide pacts with unsuspecting depressed people like Nadia Kajouji. ', "Though Celia didn't know about Nadia at the time, she traced emails she had found to one internet protocol address, belonging to a computer in this house. ", "It's the home of 46-year-old William Melchert-Dinkel, who really is a nurse. He lives here with his wife and two daughters, girls about the same age as the young people he'd encouraged to hang themselves while he watched. ", 'Knowing he was in the United States, through a friend, Blay tried to get her evidence to the FBI. But, unbeknownst to her at the time, the material never made it to the bureau.', "Uday Jaswal, a detective with the Ottawa police, says he couldn't be sure it was Melchert-Dinkel using the computer.", "DETECTIVE UDAY JASWAL: What I can tell you is, ultimately, we didn't get the result that we wanted in that we weren't able to identify who was in fact in conversation with Nadia.", 'BOB MCKEOWN: Now this is a conversation taking place on a computer identified by that IP address, that internet protocol address.', "DETECTIVE UDAY JASWAL: Exactly. So it doesn't provide us the information of who was actually at the keyboard, how many persons might be at that residence, et cetera.", "BOB MCKEOWN: Well, except we know how many people are at that address. It's Mr. Melchert-Dinkel, his wife and two teenage daughters.", 'DETECTIVE UDAY JASWAL: And certainly we received information about the family composition there. But again, to the threshold that the courts require that identification to be made, we were not successful in obtaining that.', "In other words, no one in Canada was trying to pursue William Melchert-Dinkel. And, all the while, Celia Blay's list of Melchert-Dinkel's alleged victims kept growing.", 'CELIA BLAY: And since I first tried to get contact with the police, I think it must be around five people have died, maybe more for all I know.', 'Blay says he also encouraged at least one teenager to slice herself with a razor blade.', "CELIA BLAY: He's quite voyeuristic. He wanted to see the young ones who were self-harming cut themselves in front of a webcam and this sort of business, as well. You know, 16-year-olds we're talking of here. ", 'But then, one last hope: When Blay discovered the existence of something called "The Task Force on Internet Crimes against Children," based here at the police department in St. Paul, Minnesota.', 'Celia Blay sent her files to the internet task force. Investigators began sorting through the evidence.', 'But even as the St. Paul police were trying to make a case, and though Celia Blay had sent out warnings about Melchert-Dinkel, he was apparently still trolling for people to push to suicide.', 'This 19-year-old Canadian woman asked us to hide her identity. She told us that Melchert-Dinkel tried to encourage her to suicide for five months. She was contacted in August of 2008, after Blay had given her evidence to the St. Paul police. ', "UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: I didn't confront him right away basically. I just kind of rolled into it.", "UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: I already knew his intentions basically. He wanted to watch them die. So that's why he was kind of pushy on hanging and... ", "Five months after those chats, and more than nine months after first receiving the information from Celia Blay, Minnesota investigators made the one-hour drive to Melchert-Dinkel's house in Faribault and knocked on his door.", 'According to documents filed here at the courthouse in Faribault, when investigators told Melchert-Dinkel what they wanted to talk about, he almost immediately admitted that he\'d pretended to be a young female nurse and had used various screen names to encourage people to kill themselves. He estimated that five of those he\'d spoken with had succeeded in ending their lives, but later said the real death toll could be in the dozens. As to why he did it, he told them it was "...the thrill of the chase."', "SERGEANT SCHNELL: It's hard for any of us to really understand how you could seek great thrill when people are in such a difficult time in their life.", 'BOB MCKEOWN: When the investigators came back from that meeting with him, what did they say? How did they describe what had transpired there?', "The investigators took William Melchert-Dinkel's computer and, according to their affidavit, found more evidence.", "Mark Dyborough's mother, Elaine, discovered her son had emailed Melchert-Dinkel just hours before he hanged himself in 2005. His sister Carol found him.", 'Back in Minnesota, Melchert-Dinkel told investigators he usually instructed people to put the knot of the rope behind their left ear. Citing the autopsy, police say Mark Dryborough did it all just as Melchert-Dinkel had instructed.', "BOB MCKEOWN: He's not in prison and he hasn't been charged, so he's a free man. If he were sitting here, what would you say to him?", 'And perhaps the saddest irony of all: Nadia had still been alive when Celia Blay first went to the authorities in England.', 'BOB MCKEOWN: Do you believe that if the police had taken you seriously when you first contacted them that she might not have died?', "CELIA BLAY: I think it's possible because he always went quiet when there was any sort of heat, you know.", "BOB MCKEOWN: Mr. Dinkel. Hi. I'm Bob McKeown. We'd like to talk to you about Nadia Kajouji.", "It's tidy, middle-class, and home of the Faribault High School Falcons, where William Melchert-Dinkel apparently got one of his screen names, falcon girl.", 'Since then, the Minnesota Board of Nursing has revoked his license, citing a long list of incompetence, his mistreatment of patients, and his "unethical conduct" in aiding suicides. ', 'DEBORAH CHEVALIER: I want charges laid. I want them laid in Minnesota, actually, not here. And I want him to be found guilty and go to jail, thereby sending a very clear message to internet predators because there are a lot more of them out there. And it will send a very clear message that the internet does not provide them a sanctuary.', "But Sergeant Paul Schnell of the St. Paul police says his state's assisted suicide law has never been used to prosecute someone for encouraging suicide over the internet.", "SERGEANT SCHNELL: We end up in a spot where these are very complex investigations that are no longer somebody victimizing their neighbor, or somebody in a nearby community. We're now talking about being able to do it on the other side of the world. ", 'In 2007 in England, 42-year old Kevin Whitrik hanged himself in front of his web cam. About 100 people watched him die.', 'In 2008, 1,500 people watched 19-year-old Abraham Biggs take a deadly overdose of pills in front of his webcam at his home near Miami.', "And last fall, William Melchert-Dinkel was still living in the same house in Faribault, Minnesota. He didn't respond to requests for an interview, so we approached him as he was out shopping.", 'BOB MCKEOWN: You have daughters yourself. How on earth would you feel if someone online, such as you, pretending to be a young woman, in a moment of weakness, encouraged them to commit suicide? Can you explain what was going through your mind? ', 'BOB MCKEOWN: You know that counseling to commit suicide is against the law? Why should you not be prosecuted for that?', 'At the time, he told another reporter that "nothing is going to come of it," and that he had "moved on" with his life.', "But, earlier this year, the St. Paul investigators turned their evidence over to the prosecutor in Melchert-Dinkel's home town. Rice County district attorney Paul Beaumaster began to pore over the files.", "Remember, Melchert-Dinkel never met Nadia Kajouji or Mark Dryborough in person and wasn't with them when they died.", 'For now, while the case is pending, the judge has barred Melchert-Dinkel from using the internet.', "SERGEANT SCHNELL: It's very, very clearly possible that were it not for her, her persistence, that this man could still be out there exploiting people at their darkest hour.", "For Nadia's family, even after the long-awaited charges, there were mixed emotions.", 'If you are in crisis, please contact The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-723-TALK or visit www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org. ', "A Carleton University spokesman declined Dateline's request for an interview. To view the university's response, "]