["ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse's &lt;CSGN.VX&gt; investment bank drove a one-third jump in quarterly group profit, prompting investors to worry that a heavy reliance on fixed-income trading could hurt the lender if interest rates rise.Full story", 'NEW YORK (Reuters) - Three former UBS AG &lt;UBSN.VX&gt; bankers were sentenced to prison on Wednesday for deceiving U.S. municipalities by rigging bids to invest municipal bond proceeds, with the longest sentence at 27 months, a fraction of what prosecutors had sought. Full story', 'TrendingUnemploymentretireesGeneral MotorsBiotechnologySouthwest AirlinesCaterpillar Inc.NBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "Apple's stock price has more than 10 percent upside on known factors, Steve Milunovich of UBS says.", "Dissecting the day's major business news, with the Fast Money traders. Apple is up one day after solid earnings, but weak guidance. Is the worst over for the tech giant? With Steve Milunovich, UBS.", "According to a report by UBS, 70 percent of investors with more than $1 million in invest-able assets do not consider themselves wealthy. Mike Ryan, UBS, and CNBC's Robert Frank, discuss the definition of wealthy. ", "Tom Digenan, UBS, discusses where he's seeing opportunities in this market. The traders offer their own ideas. And Pops & Drops.", "Brent Thill, UBS analyst, and Walter Pritchard, Citi analyst, have the play on the Internet giant's earnings and outlook.", 'Courtroom sketch of former UBS AG banker Ghavami during sentencing in U.S. Federal court', 'Former UBS AG banker Peter Ghavami is shown in this courtroom sketch during sentencing in U.S. Federal court in New York July 24, 2013.  Ghavami was sentenced to 18 months in prison for his role in deceiving U.S. municipalities by rigging bids to invest municipal bond proceeds, a much shorter senten', 'The logo of Swiss bank UBS is seen on a building in Zurich, February 13, 2013. REUTERS/Michael Buholzer', 'The logo of Swiss bank UBS is seen on a building in Zurich, February 13, 2013. REUTERS/Michael Buholzer', 'The logo of Swiss bank UBS is seen on an office building in Zurich July 22, 2013. UBS said on Monday it settled a Federal Housing Finance Agency lawsuit over soured mortgage investments, taking an 865 million Swiss franc ($919.63 million) charge against second-quarter earnings for litigation, impair']