['Selena Gomez is one of the many celebrities who will share a birthday with the royal baby. So do Oscar de la Renta,  David Spade , Bob Dole, Rose Kennedy, Rufus Wainwright and more, click here . 2013 Oscar for Best Picture went to "Argo ', 'Actor Rob Estes is 50. Folk singer Emily Saliers (Indigo Girls) is 50. Actor John Leguizamo is 49. Actor-comedian  David Spade  is 49. Actor Patrick Labyorteaux is 48. Rock musician Pat Badger is 46. Actress Irene Bedard is 46. Actor Rhys Ifans ', 'Actor Willem Dafoe is 58. Singer Keith Sweat is 52. Singer Emily Saliers of the Indigo Girls is 50. Actor-comedian  David Spade  is 49. Actor John Leguizamo is 49. Bassist Pat Badger of Extreme is 46. Actor Rhys Ifans ("Notting Hill") is ', 'person who claimed to be from Universal Studios UK," he said. "This guy was RSVP-ing to parties saying he was with  David Spade  and some other celebrity. So I called David\'s publicist and let him know. I don\'t think this guy understood how ', 'Jack and Jill" Worst Supporting Actor Al Pacino (as "Al Pacino"), "Jack and Jill" Worst Supporting Actress  David Spade  (as "Monica"), "Jack and Jill" Worst Screen Ensemble The entire cast of "Jack and Jill" Worst Director Dennis ', 'himself as the "King of Infomercials" and was parodied on Saturday Night Live through a recurring sketch by actor  David Spade . On his website, donlapre.com, registered under his name, he wrote: "I tried to create the best product on earth ', 'commercials for Capital One credit cards, featuring  David Spade  as a supercilious airline supervisor who delights in Airline accountants, on the other hand, endorse the  David Spade  approach, pointing out that the programs are under no ', 'comedy are back on the big screen this season. "Grown Ups" brings together Adam Sandler, Chris Rock, Kevin James and  David Spade  as childhood basketball teammates who reunite for the Fourth of July weekend, kids and significant others in tow ', 'No Blackout Dates or Travel Restrictions." And you probably remember the TV ads for Capital One cards, starring  David Spade  as a supercilious loyalty program supervisor who bullies his front-line agents into denying all requests for free ', 'The television spot shows images of Farley performing one of his comedy bits from the movie "Tommy Boy" as comedian  David Spade  tosses out wisecracks from a couch. Viewers have been quick to weigh in, with many calling it tasteless and others ', 'Some guys have all the luck. When reports surfaced over the weekend that geeky comedian  David Spade  was spotted canoodling with hottie actress Nicollette Sheridan, a collective double take rippled throughout the blogsophere ', 'sponsoring a special edition of People magazine. Alongside childhood Christmas photos of stars like Justin Timberlake and  David Spade , readers can take in the sights and smells of the season. A full-page ad in the magazine for Philadelphia Cream ', 'Adam Sandler, Kevin James and  David Spade  discuss their pickup game with co-star Shaq.', 'Comedian joins Kevin James,  David Spade  and Shaq in discussing sequel to hit film "Grown Ups."', 'Shaq, Adam Sandler,  David Spade  and Kevin James show off their hoops skills in Times Square.', 'funny. And you -- I\'m working on a little project. We have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday. Adam sandler,  david spade , chris james, maya rudolph. And many of them will be here. The whole family. se the not so pretty truthabout their ', 'a little project. We have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday. Adam sandler, david spade , chris james, maya rudolph. And many of them will be here. The whole family. se the not so pretty truthabout their body ', "monsters. But ultimately to protect his daughter. Thank you, dad. Reporter: And a cast that includes adam sandler,  david spade , and fran drescher, the star power in this 3d animated film is undeniable. I have to confess. I'm sitting in front ", "daughter. Thank you, dad. Reporter: And a cast that includes adam sandler, david spade , and fran drescher, the star power in this 3d animated film is undeniable. I have to confess. I'm sitting in front of ", "the new comedy grown ups. some pretty big names right if there are some big names Adam Sandler Kevin James Chris Rock  David Spade  Rob Schneider you'd think of an all star cast like that you have a great movie on your hands and a lot of laughs ", "if there are some big names Adam Sandler Kevin James Chris Rock David Spade Rob Schneider you'd think of an all star cast like that you have a great movie on your hands and a lot ", "looking man. Is it Friday yes I stepping in that was this morning before I got my eyes and appreciate Jack I. Definite  David Spade  effect going he's gonna be yeah liberated. He's gonna feel threatened I'm sure have been absolutely. You lay ", "this morning before I got my eyes and appreciate Jack I. Definite David Spade effect going he's gonna be yeah liberated. He's gonna feel threatened I'm sure have been absolutely. You lay people attacking a lot "]