['Long before the secrets and the scrutiny, Erin and Eric McLean were working toward a better life for their family. Tamara and Brian Mulkey believed their friends were well on their way.', "TamaraMulkey: They were really looking to get that all-American family, just right there, and they weren't going to let anything stop them.", 'Three years later another son, Ian, was born. By the fall of 2006, Eric, now 31, was pursuing his degree in music education at the University of Tennessee. But with a family to provide for, he also juggled several jobs.', 'ShiloJines: I had heard that she was a cool person. That she was kinda young and kind of an interesting person.', 'It was Saturday, March 10th, 2007. A little after 9:00 p.m. Eric McLean placed a call to 911.', '911operator: You have an intruder in your house? What do you mean by an intruder?', 'Whatever was going on seemed to end - but within seven minutes - another 911 call. And this time, it was Erin on the line.', 'Knoxville police raced to the scene. And as they swarmed Coker Avenue, they found the "intruder" was dead - and Eric McLean was gone.', 'With Eric on the run - police began piecing together what happened that night. And before long it became clear this so-called intruder - this marriage - and this student teacher - were not what they had seemed to be.', "BrianMulkey: I still can't kinda describe the shock I felt when I found out what happened. Because there was obviously a lot more wrong there than any of us knew. ", 'NatalieMorales: And what was life like when you reconnected with him? Did he tell you about any troubles in his life, tell you anything that was going on?', 'Shiloh Jines dated Sean for a time in 2006. She described him as passionate about life, but also complex.', 'ShilohJines: He was energetic and he was out to experience everything, but sometimes it was like the world itself would get him down.', "And at Knoxville's West High School, Sean had a reputation as a troubled student. He drank, smoked, was confrontational. And in a class at West High in Fall 2006 he first met an assistant teacher named Erin McLean.", 'Sean may have kept quiet about knowing his student teacher. But those who knew him say he bonded with Erin McLean right away over their shared interests in drama and poetry.', 'ShiloJines: He was really intellectual. He wanted to just experience and know about all he could. So she was really interested in things like him, so I could understand.', 'Eighteen-year-old Sean Powell reached out to 29-year-old Erin not as a mentor but as a friend. By all accounts, their relationship was a close one that kept growing closer. By that winter, they had become lovers.', 'Around that time, his former girlfriend, who stayed close to him, noticed a big change in Sean.', 'ShilohJones: Like around January, there was something different about him. It was different than the person I had met.', 'Eric McLean surrendered the morning after the killing, dropping the rifle he used the night before onto railroad tracks outside of town. And it turns out his car was found at West High School, the very place the scandal began: Where Erin McLean first met Sean Powell. ', 'EricMcLean: I mean, I mean, I pretty much knew. I think I was just, like, in denial for a long time, you know?', "Eric would have much more to say in the months that followed. But it's what Erin McLean did next that left everyone talking.", 'Although he would not answer questions about that deadly night, he did talk of a marriage that had been dissolving before his eyes and described his wife Erin as a woman looking to escape her life and the responsibilities that went with it.', 'And as Eric watched Erin and Sean grow closer, he tried to rationalize their friendship. But a month before the shooting, his oldest son confirmed his worst fears.', "EricMcLean: I still love her, but she's just not the person I thought she was. It's like I'm in love with a person that doesn't exist anyway.", 'Erin McLean was living in Nashville and turned down all interview requests. But her attorney at the time, Gary Blackburn, spoke on her behalf about her marriage and her relationship with Sean Powell.', 'Blackburn said the sexual relationship between Erin McLean and Sean Powell began only after the 18-year-old was expelled from West High.', 'But since the shooting, this tragic story has only grown more bizarre. In August 2007, Erin McLean, using her maiden name, got a teaching job at a Christian academy near Nashville. Despite the appearance of starting fresh, a troubling pattern emerged: another school, another student, another scandal.', "JamieSatterfield, Knoxville News Sentinel: At some point, this boy's parents started blocking these calls, so she had one of her sons call and pretend to be his classmate.", "Caller: My sister has taken her children and she's completely unstable and she's a harm to herself and her children.", 'JamieSatterfield: She checked herself out, waited till her mother was asleep, went in, grabbed her boys, and took off.', "Jamie Satterfield: There are a lot of mechanisms that don't kick in 'cause she has legal custody.", "GaryBlackburn: I'm very concerned about Erin's well being and very concerned about the well being of these two children.", 'Meanwhile, Eric McLean prepared for his day in court. And questions swirled around whether Erin would testify. Then, late last year, a startling development. In December, the prosecutor announced that a new grand jury had just bumped up the second degree murder charge against Eric McLean to an indictment of murder in the first degree.', 'It would be nine more months before a jury would hear the facts of the case. Would the mystery of the seven minutes between the first 911 call and the shooting of Sean Powell finally be uncovered? Or was the truth hidden under more secrets?', 'He was murdered while sitting helplessly in an old Mercedes in front of 2424 Coker Avenue.', 'Prosecutor Bill Crabtree set out to prove it was not an accident, but premeditated murder - that McLean was an executioner who plotted for weeks to take revenge on the teenager.', "Eric McLean went to the bed of his Toyota truck, got the rifle, shot him in the head. He's dead because of a jealous husband.", "The prosecutor called a former friend who testified Eric McLean knew for at least a month about his wife's affair with Sean Powell.", 'Crabtree: Do you recall Eric saying something to you about Sean Powell and Erin McLean?', 'And if Eric McLean changed his mind, the prosecutor argued, that would help establish a motive: Jealousy.', "And one passage showed Eric McLean preoccupied with Erin's attraction to Sean Powell.", "As further proof, prosecutors used McLean's own admission that he got the rifle two weeks before the shooting. R1eporter Jamie Satterfield covered the trial for the Knoxville News Sentinel.", 'JamieSatterfield: They used all these things to try to portray a man who had gone from loving, adoring, caring for his wife to becoming obsessed with her, so much that he could kill someone.', "And then there was McLean's 911 call the night of the killing. The prosecution argued that it was the voice of a man with a plan.", 'JamieSatterfield: They were trying to show two things. Number one, Eric was calm. This was not a passionate situation.', 'According to prosecutors, Eric McLean repositioned his family car to make a getaway, and planted the rifle in the bed of his pickup truck, which was parked behind where Sean Powell parked his Mercedes. ', 'ChiefDetectiveAndrewBoatman: It appears to be a grazing bullet wound into the underside of the right hand.', "The prosecution told the jury Eric McLean snuck up from behind Sean Powell's car with the high-powered rifle and took him by surprise: ", "Crabtree: And what I always thought happened was the cocking of the rifle is what got Sean Powell's attention, he turns, sees the rifle, throws his hand up and shot.", 'This particular wound has evidence of close range firing, meaning that the muzzle was relatively close but not touching the skin.', 'Throughout the prosecution case, though, a huge question hung over the courtroom.', "JamieSatterfield: If i'm on that jury, if there's anyone I want to hear from, it's Erin McLean.", 'And though never called to the stand, Erin McLean did make a court appearance via police videotape, recorded minutes after the shooting.', 'In it, the jury could hear her voice in the background - and her chilling words as she was driven to the police station.', "For the prosecutor, it was powerful evidence that Eric had contemplated murder long before he pulled the trigger. And as the prosecution rested its case, attention now shifted to the Defense table. Would Eric McLean testify? Jurors wouldn't wait long for an answer.", 'Erin McLean, the young assistant teacher who had an affair with her former student, had taken off with her children and was nowhere to be found in the Knox County Courthouse. But she was an unseen presence. Last week, after a prosecution effort to paint her ex-husband Eric McLean as a calculating, cold-blooded killer, his court-appointed defense attorney, Bruce Poston, went on offense. ', 'McLean was charged with first degree murder in the shooting of 18-year-old year-old Sean Powell. ', 'The defense argued that McLean, far from being able to seek bloody revenge, was a hopelessly devoted husband trapped in a disintegrating marriage - a marriage which ended with the fateful 911 call Eric McLean made the night of the killing: March 10th, 2007. ', 'McLean was pushed to explain away key prosecution points. For starters, the notion that Eric initially condoned the affair.', "McLean admitted he grew desperate as the affair continued, and stole a rifle from his father's gun collection two weeks before the killing - but not to commit murder.", 'He testified he loaded one bullet into the gun and hid it. Not in his truck as he originally told police - but in the laundry room in his house. Then, McLean told jurors, the same night he was embarrassed in the bar. He faced the ultimate humiliation from his wife and Sean Powell...in his own home.', 'And within a week, Sean was seeing Erin again. They attended a play together and Powell even slept on a sofa at the McLean house. Then - in the early evening of march 10th, Sean came back again to take Erin out on a date. ', 'And now, those crucial seven minutes the defense had promised to describe were ticking -ticking towards the fatal encounter. McLean testified he Erin, and Sean went into the backyard- where they laughed at him.', 'Eric McLean: She was just saying, "He\'s twice the man you are," and "I don\'t want my kids to grow up to be like you."', "McLean told jurors Erin and Sean got up and walked toward Sean's car parked out front.", 'He testified his wife went back inside as Sean started the car and waited for her with the passenger door opened.', 'He got the rifle, he claimed, not to harm Sean but to scare him to force Sean to take him seriously. ', 'And with that, McLean testified, Sean reached from inside the car and grabbed the gun.', 'Eric McLean: To, I guess take it away from me or something and pulled- about pulled me in the car, but I was standing up, you know?', 'JamieSatterfield: Eric was the case. And I think the prosecution knew it good or bad. ', "So prosecutor Bill Crabtree had to knock Eric's testimony down - and he hammered away.", 'BillCrabtree: You never bothered to tell any of the law enforcement agencies, when you gave your statement, about him grabbing the barrel, and you jumping back, and all this, did you? ', 'And in an unusual move, Prosecutor Bill Crabtree insisted McLean show the jury how he held the gun.', 'BillCrabtree: This gun that you were trying to scare someone with, your finger was on the trigger? ', 'Then, the prosecutor made McLean look at the horrific crime scene photographs, the defendant cowering, shielding his eyes, as the jury watched.', 'BillCrabtree: Sean Powell gets killed as a result of conflict between you and your wife, right?', "After six days, two dozen witnesses and testimony from the defendant himself - the defense and the prosecution were about to face off for the last time: Closing arguments. It was their final attempt to persuade twelve Knox County, Tennessee jurors of their theories on how Eric McLean shot and killed 18-year-old Sean Powell, the lover and former student of McLean's wife, Erin. Whether McLean did it was not in question, but his intent was. And to show how that could be, with the help of a colleague, defense attorney Bruce Poston recreated McLean's version of Sean Powell's last moments. He showed how McLean approached Sean, who sat in his car, smoking a cigarette. ", "But Prosecutor Crabtree dismissed Poston's claims. The prosecution contended if Sean's hand did not make contact with the rifle, there was little possibility the gun went off accidentally. ", "Crabtree reminded jurors of expert testimony. The forensics, he argued, were not on the defense's side.", 'Then, the decision was in the hands of the jury. The woman in the center of this case, Erin McLean, never surfaced. But Juror Patricia Kerschieter said it was clear Erin had an unbreakable hold on Eric McLean. ', 'JamieSatterfield: When I heard them say not guilty of voluntary manslaughter, I gasped.', "Eric McLean was found guilty of reckless homicide, a much lesser charge. Sean's parents, the Powells, left the courtroom, devastated, without saying a word - leaving the prosecutor to speak for them.", 'PatriciaKerscheiter: We found that it could very well be the way that Eric McLean said it was. We all came to the consensus that this was an accident.', 'PatriciaKerscheiter: I would just like the Powell family to know that we did not disregard their son in any way.', "But they rejected all the prosecutor's arguments that Eric McLean was a cold-blooded killer.", 'PatriciaKerscheiter: I mean, in my mind, he did not prove anything - except how weak and how remoseful Eric was.', 'PatriciaKerscheiter: There is no way that this young man could premeditate a murder.', "Eric McLean: Nothing you can say can make it better. It hurts me. I, you know, ruined a bunch of lives. And I didn't mean to.", "Now Sean Powell's family and friends are trying to console themselves with the thought he lived his brief life as best as he could.", 'ShilohJones: He just had fire in his eyes, he wanted to live his life to the absolute fullest.', 'Eric McLean divorced Erin in February of 2008, and was awarded joint custody of the children. But now, the whereabouts of Erin McLean and the two boys are unknown.', "Prosecutor Bill Crabtree: Erin McLean. What's going to happen to her and those two children? And even Eric McLean? Everybody's lost in this in this case and they have all been destroyed by this one shot."]