['She is cunning - the black widow - deceitful, as she weaves her deadly web. Only the sharpest eye could spot the fault, the clue, the dangling thread. Though, if that thread were ever pulled, what a frightful unravelling might ensue....', 'Diane Bates was distraught. It was she who discovered Joel Shanbrom, sprawled on the couch. Dead.', 'Detective Brian McCartin: At quick glance, it looks like it was a home invasion robbery. So that was the first thing going through our minds. ', 'And so, said Jennifer, she scooped up Jacob from the tub and rushed down the hall to hide in the master bedroom shower.', 'So terrified was Jennifer that cops had to slide their badges under the door to coax her out. Her story supported what happened. A ransacking upstairs. A violent shooting downstairs. ', 'But then investigators learned something else that might also explain what happened... Joel Shanbrom was a police officer. ', "Joel had been an officer for the LA School District for five years. And one of it's most popular.", 'Officer Russ Orlando: Very gentle, but firm and would take action when he needed to. ', "Karen Shanbrom: He didn't get upset. Wasn't confrontational. And things would just roll off him like water off a duck's back.", "He was the baby of the Shanbrom family's four kids. He served in the Navy after high school. And then came back home and fell for a sweet, perky blond, named Jennifer Fisher. Met her rollerskating. ", "All night long, that first night, the cops combed the Shanbrom's house. A visibly shaken Jennifer was taken to the nearby police station to provide what information she could in the hope that it might lead to whoever executed her popular husband. ", "But for the moment Detective McCartin didn't have much to go on... Except, perhaps, for a small discovery near Joel's body: tiny pellets suggesting he was killed by a small gauge shotgun, normally used for sport hunting. ", "And then, a few days later - it was at Joel's funeral, of all places - a loose thread caught the detective's attention, like a spider web glinting in the sun.", 'If he pulled that thread would it tell him who killed officer Joel Shanbrom...and why?', "Detective Brian McCartin: We believed maybe we were lookin' at a home invasion robbery, and that was from her story. ", 'Jennifer Shanbrom:"Well, at first I thought it was just the TV, but I think I heard Joel say, \'I\'m a cop\' or \'I\'m a police officer."', 'Jennifer Shanbrom: "I think i heard the next gun shot and it was at that point that I realized I\'m dead meat."', 'Detective Brian McCartin: She said she ran into the master bathroom in a panic because she thought she was gonna be the next victim of these robbers. ', 'It struck detectives as important that Jennifer told them she heard her husband confront the killers downstairs... just before she heard the gunshots. So McCartin looked carefully at that scene down in the living room. And imagined what may have happened there the night before.', "Detective Brian McCartin: If you're confronted by people, intruders in your home, you're on the couch. You're gonna be up, tryin' to defend-- get ready-- you might have to just move or do something to-- you know, to fend off an attack.", "But here's where the evidence didn't seem to fit quite right. For one thing, said McCartin, a policeman at home, out of uniform, would never reveal he was a cop for fear of making a bad situation worse. And besides, if Joel had been shot while confronting his attackers, there should have been blood spatter everywhere. But there wasn't. There was lots of blood, of course. But only on the couch. ", "Detective Brian McCartin: In my opinion he was shot while he was sleepin' on the couch. He was on the couch the entire time. ", "Sure, it was ransacked.. But there was no rhyme or reason to it. Why would the robbers turn the baby's bedroom upside down? What could they possibly have wanted in there?", "Detective Brian McCartin: We realized that-- it couldn't have been a home invasion robbery. ", "MarkSaffarick: There's a flow to crimes. There's a crime flow. Everything makes sense. Everything happens in a sequence, it happens in time, a time sequence, it happens in a chronology sequence. But you get crimes where-- that doesn't make sense. And that's where I can come in.", "Mark Saffarick is a former FBI special agent who consulted on the case. He's an expert on analyzing crime scenes, especially ones that appear... staged.", 'And that murder weapon, as revealed by the pellets, was a sport weapon, an unusual type of shotgun.', "Detective Brian McCartin: And-- so all these little bits and pieces together, we started to think. And that-- that doesn't sound right. ", "Though it had to be said: petite, pretty Jennifer Shanbrom, now a 28-year-old widow, was nobody's idea of a murderess.", "Detective Brian McCartin: Within that 24 hours, we had our surveillance unit, we decided, let's tail Jennifer, see where she's going, see who she's meeting.", 'He was Matthew Fletcher, a family friend, who had gotten Jennifer and Joel involved in his financial services business. Now he was apparently helping Jennifer deal with her loss. ', "Karen Shanbrom: He always knew what he was gonna do. And he was always, seemed so sure of himself. Nothing was ever an issue, 'cause he just seemed to have an answer for everything. ", "And he seemed to be everywhere with Jennifer, including Joel's funeral, where Russ Orlando gave one of the eulogies.", "Dozens of police officers from all over California attended, including LAPD detectives, who kept a close eye on Jennifer. After the service, Joel's friend Russ Orlando went to pay his respects.", "Officer Russ Orlando: I walk up to limo. Bend my head in. Pay my respects. And she's crying. I turned around and walked away. ", "Could it be? Was her public grief a facade? After the funeral, Joel's family held a somber gathering... But Jennifer, Matt and her family, still under the watchful eye of a plainclothes policeman, had their own funeral reception.", "Karen Shanbrom: Yeah. Theirs was festive. I understand that they had champagne delivered. To have champagne delivered?! I mean, I dunno, it doesn't make any sense. I always thought that champagne is for celebration. And who the hell would celebrate a murdered husband? Not me.", 'Was she hiding some secret knowledge about the crime? Did she know who pulled the trigger? Or why?', "Detective Brian McCartin: Probably more murders are committed between husbands and wives than anybody else. Husband killin' the wife or vice-versa. It happens a lot.", "Like, for example, a motive for murder. McCartin dug into the Shanbrom's financial records. And there he found a clue.", "The Shanbrom's were deep in debt. Joel's $40,000 police salary wasn't coming close to cutting it, especially when it came to Jennifer's lavish lifestyle. ", "Karen Shanbrom: Had to be the biggest, had to be the best. Whatever she had, it wasn't enough for her. ", 'In fact, less than two years after celebrating this Christmas in their brand new home, the bank foreclosed. They were forced to move to a rental house. ', "One of Joel's three side jobs was moonlighting as a sales rep for a financial services company.", "Detective Brian McCartin: That's where the connection between Matt, Jennifer & Joel first started.", 'Ah yes, Matt...Matthew Fletcher. The man who seemed to know everything and be everywhere, especially when it came to Jennifer. ', 'Detective Brian McCartin: He worked for a financial advisor type company. And he convinced them to join the company that he was with.', "Detective Brian McCartin: He's like a conman televangelist. I mean, he's good in a crowd. He could sell you the Brooklyn Bridge. ", 'And he could also sell insurance; life insurance, which was part of his financial service business. ', 'In fact,soon after meeting Joel, Fletcher sold him $500,000 of insurance, even though he already had a $314,000 policy from police department. ', "And there was insurance that Joel didn't even know about. Just weeks before he was killed, detectives discovered, Joel's wife Jennifer had secretly re-instated yet another policy which Joel had earlier cancelled. This one totaled $300-thousand too.", 'Over a million bucks in coverage for a cop making $40,000. But Jennifer and Joel had high hopes that their new business venture would soon justify all those numbers.', 'Detective Brian McCartin: And so his goal was to work hard at this business, financial business, and eventually quit the department and go full-time.', "But in the months before the murder it was Jennifer who seemed to be working full time with Matt Fletcher. And apparently it wasn't all business.", "Karen Shanbrom: I don't even know how to put it into words. But you know when somebody's havin' sex and you know when they're not. There's just somethin' there.", 'Now under surveillance and possibly implicated in a murder, Matt and Jen maintained they were just "friends. But their pagers told a very different story.', "The more digging detectives did, the more Joel's murder looked like an inside job.", 'Detective Brian McCartin: Jennifer-- what we learned from her father and from other friends is that she knew how to use a gun. She was a good shot. She actually bragged to people that she taught Joel how to shoot a gun. She had her own gun. ', 'Those pellets found at the crime scene, remember, came from a shotgun... a hunting weapon.', "Detective Brian McCartin: It didn't take us long to be 100 percent sure it was them. It wasn't very long at all.", "It seemed like a solid case: an affair, a clear motive, the shotguns... Certainly enough to file charges. So he eventually took the case to one of LA's top Deputy District Attorneys: Jeff Jonas.", "Not that Deputy DA Jonas didn't like the case - he did - but he wasn't convinced the evidence was strong enough for a conviction. He told the detectives: keep digging.", 'And so what first appeared to be a promising case instead joined the long depressing parade of unsolved crimes grinding slowly through the system.', 'A few weeks after Joel Shanbrom was shot to death in his own living room, the investigation into his murder seemed to stall. Which made what happened next all the more infuriating for investigators to watch.', "Joel's widow Jennifer and her constant companion Matt Fletcher were not wasting any time cashing in.", 'Jeff Jonas: The proceeds of that policy, $314,000 are given to Jennifer, she gives half of that to Matt.', 'The DA\'s office requested a hold be put on the remaining insurance payouts. But in June, Jennifer and Matt, who until now maintained they were just "friends", still managed to fund a romantic rendezvous in Mexico.', 'Karen Shanbrom: She said that she and Matt officially started dating. In June, that\'s when they started dating. He\'s killed March 18-- in June, she says, "We officially started dating."', "Jeff Jonas: There's a picture of Jennifer and Matt together. She looks the happiest that I've ever seen in a picture, just the whole connotation of the sinister widow.", 'Detective Brian McCartin: It just bolstered our belief that, you know, they lied initially that they were having an affair, and-- that they were both in cahoots together in this murder.', "First the murder, now the marriage. And a lifestyle funded by a dead police officer's insurance money. While the happy couple was skating, Joel's family was steaming. Why wasn't something being done? ", 'Karen Shanbrom: My sister was calling. My brother was calling. Poor Jeff. He was getting calls, you know, from all of my family members.', 'Jeff Jonas: I said, we got a great investigator in Brian McCartin. You just have to trust us. You know, there\'s no statute of limitations in a murder." ', 'For the next two years,Detective McCartin quietly kept compiling the case, reviewing the evidence, interviewing dozens of people who knew Joel, Jennifer and Matt.', 'McCartin also kept track of Jennifer and Matt, who were living in a secluded townhouse, but keeping a low profile...', 'Karen Shanbrom: She always used the word "officially." We\'re officially a pager and a, and a P.O. box. We don\'t want anybody to know where we live, \'cause the intruders might come to try to find us.', "But the newlywed Fletchers weren't shy about sporting around the neighborhood in their fancy cars, adorned with distinctive license plates.", "And now, as the second anniversary of Joel's murder approached, it seemed like Jennifer and Matt had indeed committed the perfect crime.", "There's a hard truth at the heart of the justice system. Decisions have to be practical. No solid evidence can mean acquittal. So circumstantial cases often go cold, no arrest, no trial... No justice. ", "But as murdered police officer Joel Shanbrom's widow Jennifer and her new husband, Matt Fletcher, flashed their new wealth, an improbable determination kept the investigation alive.", 'Karen Shanbrom: I don\'t remember ever losing hope. I do remember Brian McCarten from robbery/homicide saying, "we will never close this case. we will keep it open until we solve it."', 'But not just any jury. How about an investigative Grand Jury? A kind of a legal dry run, to test the case. ', "Diane Bates...Remember her? Jennifer's mother. She's the one who apparently stumbled into the crime scene and then called 911.", 'Jeff Jonas: She could never account for at least 20 to 30 minutes from the time that we were able to figure that she got home until the time that she made the 911 call.', "But Diane Bate's story had changed - frequently. And even in this interview with police she had been erratic and inconsistent.", 'Diane Bates: "My first reaction was that he killed himself.""So I said, there\'s been a murder... or there\'s been a shooting or something."', 'Jonas was convinced that Bates was the key to implicating not only Jennifer but also Matt, who, the DA believed was at the crime scene... Either during or right after the murder.', 'Maybe under questioning Bates would slip up...and give the prosecution something to work with.', "But.. to get Jennifer's mother even to tell her side of the story Jonas had to grant Bates immunity. She would never be charged with any part of her son-in-law's murder. ", "Bates took the bait. For three days, under the Grand Jury's grilling, she refused to implicate Matt or Jennifer...but to members of the jury, her testimony seemed ...evasive.", 'Jeff Jonas: The grand jury has a right to ask questions at the conclusion of your presentation. One of the first questions was, "Diane Bates, do you always lie or just in front of the grand jury?" ', 'Detective Brian McCartin: Oh, they believed we had enough. That was enough to go forward and indict.', 'But ... not yet. Jonas was committed to this now, but his higher-ups wanted more evidence. And who could blame them? LA juries, after all, have become famous for granting acquittals in cases prosecutors believed were solid.', 'And so now, and for the next two years, Jonas and Detective Brian McCartin worked out the details, in an effort to make their case jury proof.', "Detective Brian McCartin: Well, you go over everything numerous times. There's gotta be something else. And-- then I'd find this, then I'd find that. Add it to my list. ", 'But all the while, Mathew and Jennifer Fletcher were apparently oblivious. Or at least - by all accounts - unworried.', "But then, it was February 2002, nearly four years after Joel Shanbrom's murder. Still no smoking gun. The evidence they had was apparently all they were going to get.", 'Detective McCartin tracked down Matt Fletcher driving his new Mercedes and arrested him.', 'Matt and Jennifer would finally have their day in court. But even after an exhaustive four year investigation the case was still totally circumstantial. No weapon. No DNA. No eyewitnesses.', 'And the prosecution would also have to prepare for a big surprise in the courtroom: a smooth talking opponent who knew the case even better than they did... Mathew Fletcher.', "Here it was: The case that almost didn't make it to court... A case that looked for all the world like a black widow's perfect crime, finally in front of a judge and jury.", 'Prosecutor Jeff Jonas was ready to unravel that complicated web of a case. But now found himself facing an unlikely and utterly unexpected opponent.', "Mathew Fletcher: This trial is about a senseless murder, with no eyewitnesses, no weapon, no physical evidence to link myself or Jennifer to this crime. Our involvement is only in the prosecutor's mind. A made for television imagination.", 'To help her to face the charge of murder, she hired an experienced trial attorney named Barry Bernstein.', "BarryBernstein: We've heard nothing. Not one thing material from these people, except speculation there was an affair, conjecture there was an affair and changing stories based on gossip.", 'It was, as one reporter called it, a "circus," from the moment Matt and Jennifer entered the courtroom.', '...Which was murder in the first degree and several counts of conspiracy and insurance fraud. For good measure, Jonas also charged Matt with one more crime: bigamy. It turned out he failed to divorce his current wife before he married Jennifer!', "For over four months in court Jonas presented an exhaustive case unraveling Matt and Jennifer's affair, the murder, cover-up and insurance conspiracy.", "Jeff Jonas in court: So that we don't forget throughout the testimony (holds up pictures). That's what this case is about. There's no question it's a murder. No question that it was an execution.", 'When it happened on that dreadful night in Northridge, Jonas told the jury, Joel was asleep on the couch. It was Jennifer, he said, who - with her three-year-old in the house - sneaked up from behind her husband and fired the first shot. Then, a second, but neither one was immediately fatal.', 'Jeff Jonas: My belief is, that Jennifer panicked after the second shot. And then Matt finished it off and left. ', 'Jeff Jonas: Because she despised her husband, and-- intended to marry Matt Fletcher, and had fallen in love with him, and was willing to do anything-- and he probably-- had some-- some influence in doing that. ', "Jonas argued that Diane Bates, arrived unexpectedly either during or right after the shooting. Then the cover-up began: the bogus ransacking of the house, Matt's escape with the murder weapon, and eventually the 9-1-1 call.", 'Matt Fletcher in court:"They didn\'t expect Joel to be there. They didn\'t expect a police officer to be there. And upon confronting them and identifying himself as a police officer that cost him his life."', "Detective Brian McCartin: I couldn't read the jury. They were all sharp. They stayed awake. Some juries fall asleep. I had no idea what they were gonna do.", "Jeff Jonas in court:Does that bother you? You always take a shower with a water bottle? It's half-drunk. She had time to get a water bottle but not time to get a gun or a phone?", 'The trial had stretched from March to July. Now, it was up to the jury. Was Joel Shanbrom killed in a home invasion robbery? Or had Matt and Jennifer committed cold blooded, premeditated murder for insurance money?', 'In a packed courtroom, thick with tension, Matt and Jennifer seemed surprisingly relaxed - even confident.', 'Court Clerk reads verdict: "We the jury in the above entitled action find the defendant Jennifer Fletcher guilty of the crime of murder."', 'Karen Shanbrom:"I don\'t think we can say anybody\'s happy today because Joey\'s not back, but now we know that the people who did this terrible thing, who have ruined so many lives, now, god willing will not see the light of day except through, through bars."', '10 months later, Matt and Jennifer were formally sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. The Black Widow and her mate would spin their poison web no more.']