['Markel Starks had 23 points as Georgetown took down 11th-ranked UCLA, 78-70, in the semifinals of the Progressive Legends Classic.Otto Porter scored 18 points to go ...', "UCLA guard Malcolm Lee is leaving school to enter the NBA draft and he plans to hire an agent, ensuring he won't be eligible to return for his senior season.Lee said...", "UCLA hasn't fired Ben Howland as basketball coach, although his time in Westwood appears to be running out.A school spokesman said late Saturday night that contrary ...", 'Ashley Hamilton scored 23 points and 58 win over No. 17 UCLA in the season opener for both teams.The contest was played at the Los Angeles Sports Arena, the temporar...', 'History has shown that a guard with scoring ability can be the key component of a championship team. The following is an early list of college basketball top shootin...', 'UCLA forward Reeves Nelson has been suspended indefinitely for conduct unbecoming a member of the basketball team.Head coach Ben Howland announced the suspension Tue...', 'Back and forth they went in overtime, Rajon Rondo and the Miami Heat.Rondo scored. The Heat answered. Then again. And again.Eventually, Rondo missed, one of the rare...', 'Reeves Nelson has been suspended indefinitely for "conduct unbecoming a member of the UCLA basketball team."The reason behind the junior forward\'s suspension was not...', 'UCLA guard Jerime Anderson has been suspended two games after pleading guilty to a pair of misdemeanor charges last week.Anderson, who averaged 5.1 points, 2.6 assis...', 'UCLA announced on Wednesday that junior forward Reeves Nelson has been reinstated to the team."After much deliberation, I have decided to reinstate Reeves Nelson," s...', "Ben Howland's  future at UCLA in doubt after Bruins thumped by Minnesota 83-63 in NCAA tourney", 'Ben Howland brought his UCLA team to the NCAA tournament with a target on his back that only got bigger after an uninspired 20-point loss that sent the Bruins packin...', 'UCLA fires Ben Howland  after 10 seasons and another early-round NCAA tourney exit', 'UCLA fired Ben Howland on Sunday night after 10 seasons as Bruins coach that included three Final Four appearances, but culminated with another early-round exit from...', 'UCLA kept clanking free throws, Michigan State kept draining 3-pointers. It turned a potential rout into a nailbiter.In the end, the Bruins escaped. Barely.Tyler Hon...', 'UCLA is back in the NCAA tournament after sitting out last year, giving the Bruins a chance to erase the bad memories created by their early exit from the Pac-10 tou...', "After stumbling through its worst season in seven years, UCLA didn't lose any players to the NBA draft. It just wasn't good enough.As a result, the Bruins bring back...", 'Steve Lavin was so busy saying hello and waving at old friends and associates when he walked out of the locker room, he nearly headed to the wrong bench."Luckily, Co...', 'PittsburghPittsburgh, 27-5.Nickname: Panthers. Coach: Jamie Dixon .Conference: Big East. Bid: At large.Region: Southeast. Seed: No. 1.Tournament Record: 22-23, 22 ye...']