['hastily that they not only mistake identifying the actual problem, they cause other unintended problems in the process.  Groucho Marx  understood it well when he said, "Politics is the art of looking everywhere for problems, finding them, misdiagnosing ', 'accents, cementing their status as unlikely comic icons. "The guys are culturally right up there with Mark Twain and  the Marx Brothers ," said Doug Berman, executive producer of "Car Talk." "They will stand the test of time. People will still ', 'website that he modeled the character of the scheming half-Jewish, half-Puerto Rican Epstein on  Chico Marx , noting that all  the Marx Brothers  were both "intellectuals" and "juvenile delinquents," adding, "I could definitely relate ', 'Amish Schoolhouse Shooting A peace-loving community is the target of a brutal massacre. Famous Birthdays : 1890  Groucho Marx  1904 Graham Greene 1949 Annie Leibovitz 1951 Sting 1970 Kelly Ripa', 'practices what he preaches, and even manages to reflect on himself in a self-deprecating way: a blend of Gandhi and  Groucho Marx  who is particularly beloved among celebrities like actors Richard Gere and Uma Thurman, French first lady Carla Bruni ', 'Groucho Marx  once said, "Outside of a dog, a book is a man\'s best friend. Inside beginning to get lighter in there, thanks to modern cognitive science.  Groucho \'s quip graces the opening page of "Inside of a Dog: What Dogs See ', 'bass and acts as the grounded and weary straight man, have a history as a comedy team that covers more years than  the Marx Brothers , Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy, Bud Abbott and Lou Costello, Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis, Dan Rowan and Dick Martin ', 'no business like show business, but there are several businesses like accounting?"A: Woody AllenB. David LettermanC.  Groucho  MarxD. Ethel Merman 2. Which one of these businesses started out as a home-based business?A. XeroxB. DisneyC. L ', 'mother and the other women in her life. Throughout the calendar, you can also find Kelly\'s twist on the lyrics of  Groucho Marx \'s classic song, "Lydia the Tattooed Lady." Kelly will soon hand over her library card, as she is set to retire ', 'the spirit of the Christmas holiday. It includes reflections on the season from writers as diverse as Truman Capote,  Groucho Marx , Martin Luther King Jr. and John Lennon. Also included are personal treasures from her own family including a young ', 'cast of characters makes it a classic," says frequent traveler Marc Hall of Seattle. Room Service Comedy, 1938.  The Marx Brothers  send a hotel manager into apoplexy as they do whatever it takes to keep from getting thrown out. One memorable line ', "definitely July. Remarkable transformation. Sound like good morning. There  Groucho Marx  once said. And then. Senator crews that's  Groucho  call that's the other.  Groucho  once told an audience. Before I speak. I have something important to ", "-- -- -- -- Remarkable transformation. -- Sound like good morning. There Groucho Marx once said. And then. Senator crews that's Groucho -- -- call that's the other. Groucho -- once told an audience. Before I speak. I have something important to -- And along those same -- -- close on ", "Lake city's ballet west does too. Plastic and it's nutty nutcracker. With a battle scenes between light and  The Marx Brothers  as Russian So nutty nutcracker in Orlando Kid Rock music. Check the on the sugar plum fairy. And his therapy a ", "and it's nutty nutcracker. With a battle scenes between light -- and The Marx Brothers as Russian -- So -- nutty nutcracker in Orlando Kid Rock music. Check the -- on the sugar plum fairy. -- And ", 'dream of doing show in Canada which until SE TV seem like a possibility. But definitely every python Bugs Bunny and  The Marx Brothers . You name it and every company that I did influence what we did. Do you ever bring back into the influence do you ', 'like a possibility. But definitely every python -- -- Bugs Bunny and The Marx Brothers You name it -- and every company that I did influence what we did. Do you ever bring back into the influence ', "companies that are expanding. Would work. An old axiom in Washington the title of legislation like the title of  The Marx Brothers  movie tells nothing about it's an. Duck duck soup horse feathers we will have a legislation that will trot and ", "old axiom in Washington the title of legislation like the title of The Marx Brothers movie tells -- nothing about -- it's an. Duck duck soup horse feathers we will have a legislation that will trot and ", "that I don't know. Who's that who's to defined geek in my life comic books sure I. But fifty books about  The Marx Brothers . Needs to tapes tired at night and an audio cassette player and transcribe it and that geek in your world. And ", 'geek in my life comic books sure I. But fifty books about The Marx Brothers Needs to tapes tired at night and an audio cassette player and transcribe it and that geek in your world. And a ', "comedies. Times horror movies it was the seem during the Great Depression when audiences sought relief in comedies like  The Marx Brothers  duck soup. You're in the Great Depression. Moviegoing was at an all time high seventy to eighty million people ", "seem during the Great Depression when audiences sought relief in comedies like The Marx Brothers duck soup. You're in the Great Depression. Moviegoing was at an all time high seventy to eighty million people a week. Going ", "you article I was I don't know. Who's to who's to define peaked in my light comic books Fifty books about  The Marx Brothers . tapes and an audio cassette player and transcribe it and that he can your world. And a girlfriend like. Was alone ", 'to define peaked in my light comic books -- Fifty books about The Marx Brothers -- -- tapes and -- -- an audio cassette player and transcribe it and that he can your world. And a girlfriend ']