['The "Colbert Report" host joins the "Good Morning America" anchor team tomorrow.', '" Colbert Report " host questions the actress about her decision to leave the Catholic Church.', 'Stephanopoulos shows he\'s a good sport as he dodges jokes on " Colbert Report ."', 'Stephen Colbert  reported on a Rube Goldberg machine competition at Purdue University in 1997.', "Stephen Colbert , George Stephanopoulos Open 'GMA' With Orange Juice and Mountain Dew", "I know you've been nervous about this all morning long. Let's get you over with  stephen colbert . Stephen, a huge deal for you, yeah? A huge, huge fan. He mitted, first of all. It's a kenny rogers song. For now ", "been nervous about this all morning long. Let's get you over with stephen colbert . Stephen, a huge deal for you, yeah? A huge, huge fan. He mitted, first of all. It's a kenny rogers song. For ", 'Star discusses issues from his "America Again: Re-Becoming the Greatness We Never Weren\'t."', "Scene and there super pac has raked in seven major cash even though he's not really running for president. The super pac Americans for a better tomorrow has raised one million dollars flirted with a presidential run. He transfer the have show's Jon Stewart. On last night's show he hunted down to", 'Give me Stephen cold there has a super now run by fellow comedian and friend John And answered in South Carolina voters to throw their support behind one man. Thankfully there is one name on the ballot that stands for true American and Herman Americans for a better tomorrow tomorrow believe it', "Many are now for an exclusive interview the latest candidates' comedian  Stephen Colbert  are rocked the political world this Thursday. I'm doing it ten because. I think our country. Is. Facing unprecedented challenges ", "Many are now for an exclusive interview the latest candidates' comedian Stephen Colbert are rocked the political world this Thursday. I'm doing it ten because. I think our country. Is. Facing unprecedented challenges in the ", "They laid down and before I began. And an announcement. Whoever parked. Fourteen black bulletproof SUV's. Out front. Please move them there blocking in. Fourteen other black bulletproof suvs. And out.", "The Julio here tonight a general Moseley staff that general Peter Pace chairman of the joint chief of staff they still support Rumsfeld. Right hasn't retired yet right. Right they still support Look I've Atlanta the how to handle these retired don't let them retire. Come on we don't stop loss"]