['Lifetime; "So You Think You Can Dance," FOX; "Top Chef," Bravo; "The Voice," NBC. Variety Series: "The  Colbert Report ," Comedy Central; "The Daily Show With Jon Stewart," Comedy Central; "Jimmy Kimmel Live," ABC; "Late Night With ', "Project Runway Ryan Seacrest, American Idol Betty White, Betty White's Off Their Rockers Variety Show The  Colbert Report  The Daily Show Jimmy Kimmel Live Late Night With Jimmy Fallon Show Real Time With Bill Maher Saturday Night Live", 'It was a predicament that worried Schilling and other local officials, but one that comedian  Stephen Colbert  found humor in. "The  Colbert Report " traveled to South Dakota to film a seven-minute "special report" titled, "A Shucking Disaster ', 'caught the attention last year of "The  Colbert Report ." Originally established in 1892 for settlers local officials, but one that comedian  Stephen Colbert  found humor in. "The  Colbert Report " traveled to South Dakota to film a seven-minute ', 'a zoo, they never expected that kind of wedding crasher.  Stephen Colbert \'s Touching Tribute to His Mother  Stephen Colbert  returned to his Comedy Central show, "The  Colbert Report ," last night after a short time away. The 49-year-old ', 'Stephen Colbert  returned to television last night for the first time since his mother Colbert during his monologue for his Comedy Central show, "The  Colbert Report ." "She made a very loving home for us," he said of growing up ', "Academic Magnet High School. Michelle Obama Makes Light of President's Failures in Graduation Speech  Stephen Colbert  Comedian  Stephen Colbert  brought humor along with a dose of reality in his commencement speech to the University of Virginia ", 'Elizabeth Colbert Busch, 54.2 percent to 45.3 percent. Sanford defeated Colbert Busch, the sister of Comedy Central host  Stephen Colbert , despite her significant cash advantage - and despite some aggressive ads from outside Democratic groups highlighting the ', "pegged the race between the Republican and Democrat Elizabeth Colbert Busch - sister of TV comedian and political satirist  Stephen Colbert  - as a dead heat. But Mr. Sanford won with ease, capturing 54 percent of the vote, compared with his opponent's 45 ", 'percent. The Associated Press has called him the victor. Sanford defeated Colbert Busch, the sister of Comedy Central host  Stephen Colbert , despite her significant cash advantage -- and despite some aggressive ads from outside Democratic groups highlighting ', 'governor. http://abcn.ws/17JmE2D THE WIFE, THE MISTRESS AND A COMEDIAN: What do Comedy Central talk show host  Stephen Colbert ; Jenny Sanford, the spurned ex-wife of former Gov. Sanford, and Maria Belen Chapur, the Argentinean woman Sanford ', 'What do Comedy Central talk show host  Stephen Colbert ; Jenny Sanford, the spurned ex-wife of former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford, and Maria Belen Chapur, the Argentinian ', "active Facebook page, Seacrest seems to be everywhere.  Stephen Colbert  Klout score: 90 With his punchy take on the media and provocative country's political elite, pundit and expert satirist  Stephen Colbert  has earned a wide fan base. He has almost 5 million followers ", 'The " Colbert Report " host joins the "Good Morning America" anchor team tomorrow.', '" Colbert Report " host questions the actress about her decision to leave the Catholic Church.', 'Stephanopoulos shows he\'s a good sport as he dodges jokes on " Colbert Report ."']