['vegetable oil 1 cup finely chopped yellow  onion  1/2 pound red bliss or Yukon gold medium, heat the vegetable oil. Add  the onion  and cook, stirring, until golden Moulton was executive chef at Gourmet  magazine  for nearly 25 years, and spent a ', 'former writer for  The Onion  SportsDome , shared a staff writer on  the Onion \'s show "SportsDome other examples of  The Onion  inadvertantly predicting Onion  published a  satirical  take on the marketing Back in 2001,  The Onion  chronicled "bad ', 'Akpanudosen/Getty Images  The Onion  , a  satirical  news site, apologized users lashed back at  The Onion  for its tweet. I have no idea what  The Onion  thought was going to a child. You call it  humor  I call it horrendous ', "Twitter caddy - tweeted at  The Onion  in response to its autobiography Chu has responded to an  Onion parody  in which he is portrayed next to a solar panel. ( The Onion  doctored a photo of Chu this week's edition of  the Onion . While I'm not going ", 'President Joe Biden is having a little fun with  The Onion \'s parody of him, taking to Twitter to joke barackobama. The tweet came the same day  The Onion \'s "President Of Vice," a  satirical  version of Biden, published his own "autobiography ', 'written by the actual vice president. Instead,  The Onion  , the  satirical newspaper  which has parodied Biden over the years, is releasing time I lock eyes with those gold snowflake rims,"  Onion  Joe Biden writes later on, according to excerpts ', 'were identical to a story posted four days ago on  The Onion  , the  satirical  news website. "I like [Ahmadinejad] better tell him how to run his country like Obama does."  The Onion \'s fake poll also said 60 percent of rural whites ', 'state. NOTABLE:  THE ONION  LAUNCHES \'WAR nation\'s leading  satirical  news site is buckling Tuesday: " The Onion News Network  \'War for the performance?"  The Onion  promises that Tuesday video on  the Onion News Network  tomorrow. PRIMARY ', '"Unaffiliated" Organization Seeks Pulitzer Prize for The Onion Satirical  News Site', 'Fairness in Awarding Journalism Prizes , which is trying to elicit support for a Pulitzer Prize for  The Onion  , itself a  satirical newspaper .  The Onion , established in 1988 at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, has taken to calling the Pulitzer ', 'commentary on what the folks at TMZ do." Think of it as  The Onion  of celebrity news. TMZforKidz peddles fake gossip about providers out there," Cimbalo doesn\'t plan to shelve his  satirical  side project, even if TMZ tries to shut him down again ', "front page of  the onion  billed as America's finest  news source . It also the only  news source  with the The early  onion  was crude it was a  satirical  Paper they're while the  newspaper  industry is reeling and  onion  is thriving the online  onion news network . But this The tour of  the onion  empire takes even found  humor  in nine elevenths ", "on -- just over a year ago on the front page of the onion billed as America's finest news source . It also happens to be the only news source with the luxury of writing headlines before distort my personal favorite had learned that I ever wrote. Was when President Bush asked ", 'who produced the  satirical newspaper the onion . And our own Robert back in 1976. When  the onion  news news work they  onion news network  when we just try created the funny and  satirical newspaper the onion . But the ', "-- -- products is from the guys and girls who produced the satirical newspaper the onion And our own Robert Krulwich wanted to welcome them and their lead anchor with open arms. Oddly enough we've never heard Brandon Armstrong. I guess you say I worked for about every decent news organization in the country. And was back in 1976. When the onion news news work they onion news network -- when we just try that again coming to them about yourself and I've. I guess I guess -- work for about ", 'webcast is produced by the same company that created the funny and satirical newspaper the onion But the webcast will not be like the Paper he says because they principally use words. We on the other hand are ', 'Also life  magazine  is stopping life. And a  satirical newspaper  is expanding small screen  the onion news network  debuts today and as a  newspaper  insert but produced the  satirical newspaper the onion . And our work they  onion news network  when we just ', "going to delve into what you're searching for on Google. Also life magazine is stopping its presses and soon the venerable publication will only be available on line. So we're gonna look back at the photos that changed America all photos that came out of the pages of life. And a satirical newspaper is expanding to the small screen the onion news network debuts today and our own Robert Krulwich has a preview. But we do Begin with the cancer diagnosis for white house Press ", "the -- products is from the guys and girls who produced the satirical newspaper the onion And our own Robert Krulwich wanted to welcome them and their lead anchor with open arms. Oddly enough we've never heard Brandon Armstrong. I guess you say I worked for about every decent news organization in the country. And was back in 1976. When the onion news news work they onion news network -- when we just try that again coming to them about yourself and I've. I guess I guess -- work for about ", 'webcast is produced by the single company that created the funny and satirical newspaper the onion But the webcast will not be like the Paper he says because they principally use words. We on the other hand are ', "If it's a  newspaper the onion  was started back televisions.  Onion news network  is set to premiere you cry and a  satirical  news make you absolutely of the the  newspaper  report that the attacks on  the onion news network . I'm Alvarez ", "If it's a newspaper the onion was started back in 1988 by a couple of college students in the University of Wisconsin Madison. And -- don't -- here is it has grown so much in popularity but it's now coming to televisions. Onion news network is set to premiere on I have seen this Friday. And we're so happy to have it and sent out with us ", "satirical newspaper the onion  is celebrating surprised at  the onion  outlasted gym as editors at  the onion  a  satirical newspaper . Website Joseph  the onion  its unflinching launched  the onion news network  in 2007. I've ", "The satirical newspaper the onion is celebrating 21 years of making people laugh by releasing a -- of headlines. Recently sat down with some of the editors. So take me back to the beginning. When we are pretty pizza coupons on the front page of the time I would have been surprised at the onion outlasted gym use pizza none of us had any. Ambition to do anything beyond making our friends in the room laughs we didn't even get paid for the first like seven years we've got kids that we have He creates -- dollars and headline. Joseph garden Carol couldn Todd Hanson angiogram does so get paid a little more these days as editors at the onion a satirical newspaper . Website. Now with a television are. When you read your headlines. You almost have to think about sometimes but where's the joke ", 'satirical newspaper the onion  is celebrating surprised at  the onion  outlasted gym as editors at  the onion  a  satirical newspaper . Website describe. Joseph  the onion  voiced its unflinching launched  the onion news network  in 2007. This ', "one isn't the kind you -- it's the kind you read. The satirical newspaper the onion is celebrating 21 years of making people laugh by releasing a book of headlines. Recently sat down with some of the editors. So take me back to the beginning. When interpreting pizza coupons on the front page of the time I would have been surprised at the onion outlasted gym use pizza none of us had any. Ambition to do anything beyond making our friends in the room laughs we didn't even get paid for the first like seven years we got pizza yeah He -- ten dollars and headline. Joseph garden Carol -- Todd Hanson and Joseph -- does so get paid a little more these days as editors at the onion a satirical newspaper . Website. Now with a television are. When you read your headlines. You almost have to think about sometimes but where's the joke ", "They're early  onion  was crew it was a  satirical  Paper they're while the  newspaper  industry is reeling and  onion  is thriving the online  onion news network . But this The tour of  the onion  empire takes there was an  onion news network  video that even found  humor  in nine elevenths ", "Lakewood Washington. Onions are supposed to make you cry but America's finest news source . As the onion newspaper describes itself. Has been to the opposite effect for more than two decades now call it what -- well name some people say ruthless certainly often brilliant but in an arrow -- print is dying and they are laughing. And Bill Weir stepped inside the onion newsroom. For our series seriously funny. Since our country was a college history has been measured in headlines. Then walk on the moon. -- it quits tonight. Black man given nation's worst job. That on -- just over a year ago on the front page of the onion billed as America's finest news source . But also -- -- only news source with the luxury of writing headlines before distort my personal favorite had learned that I ever wrote. Was when President Bush asked "]