['UCLA guard Tyler Lamb will undergo arthroscopic left knee surgery on Tuesday and is expected to be out 4-to-6 weeks.The school announced the surgery Sunday night, bu...', 'Two of the top teams in the Pac-12 Conference square off in the City of Angels on Saturday afternoon, as the 21st-ranked Oregon Ducks come calling on the 24th-ranked...', "Twice this season Washington had UCLA teetering but was undone each time by costly turnovers and big shots from Bruins' point guard Larry Drew II.Shabazz Muhammad sc...", 'No. 23 UCLA clinches share of Pac-12 regular season title beating Washington 61-54', 'Shabazz Muhammad scored 21 points, Larry Drew II came up with another huge shot against Washington, and No. 23 UCLA clinched at least a share for the Pac-12 Conferen...', 'After reaching the Final Four for the third straight time, UCLA coach Ben Howland called these Bruins "by far the best" of the three.The other two didn\'t have freshm...', "David Kravish's double-double, big first half help California ease past UCLA for 76-63 victory", 'Allen Crabbe extended his arms out wide and flashed three fingers on both hands. David Kravish and Richard Solomon chest-bumped each other, screaming in celebration....', 'Starks, Porter lead Georgetown to 78-70 win over No. 11 UCLA in Legends semifinals', 'The crowd at the Barclays Center was keeping its eyes on the court as much as possible. The fans were all keeping an eye on Shabazz Muhammad.When would the heralded ...', 'No. 18 Arizona has no answer for Adams in 66-64 loss to No. 21 UCLA at Pac-12 tournament', "Arizona had a plan to slow UCLA's Shabazz Muhammad and Larry Drew II and, for the most part, it worked.Jordan Adams? They had no answer for him.Adams scored 18 of hi...", 'Adams breaks foot after leading No. 21 UCLA to 66-64 win over No. 18 Arizona at Pac-12', 'Freshman Jordan Adams carried UCLA into the Pac-12 championship game.Now the Bruins will have to carry on without him.Adams scored 18 of his 24 points in the second ...', 'UCLA junior guard Tyler Lamb will undergo arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Tuesday and is expected to miss four to six weeks.Lamb played in 33 games -- 32 start...', "UCLA redshirt junior center Anthony Stover was dismissed from the men's basketball team on Monday after failing to meet NCAA eligibility requirements.Stover appeared...", 'UCLA has filed an appeal with the NCAA regarding freshman Shabazz Muhammad being ruled ineligible.Coach Ben Howland said Wednesday that the appeal is expected to be ...', "UCLA freshman Shabazz Muhammad has been finally ruled eligible to play after the university and the NCAA announced a settlement of the super recruit's case on Friday...", 'Two teams that are finally hitting the road for the first time this season meet up in the Empire State on Monday night, as the Georgetown Hoyas clash with the UCLA B...', "Shabazz Muhammad poured in a game-high 21 points to lead 23rd-ranked UCLA to a 61-54 win over Washington on Saturday.With the win, and No. 19 Oregon's loss to Utah, ...", 'UCLA beats No. 11 Arizona 74-69 to complete sweep and move into 1st-place tie in Pac-12', 'Shabazz Muhammad went up in traffic and came down with the ball in his hands, always where the star freshman wants it with the game on the line.He got fouled in snag...', 'College basketball _ or at least fans _ might not be ready to take fashion forward position', 'It seems an unpopular position in college basketball is fashion forward.The neon-colored jerseys and camouflage-covered shorts debuted by six teams in their postseas...', 'The final tip-off of the second round of the 2013 NCAA Tournament will take place on Friday night between the 11th-seeded Minnesota Golden Gophers and the sixth-seed...', 'Arizona State loses 80-75 to No. 21 UCLA in Pac-12 quarterfinals after leading by 15', 'Arizona State had UCLA reeling, in position to send the top seed in the Pac-12 tournament home early.Once freshman Shabazz Muhammad got rolling, the Sun Devils could...', 'Larry Drew II scored 20 points, with four rebounds and four assists, as No. 21 UCLA rallied past Arizona State, 80-75, in quarterfinal action in the inaugural Pac-12...']