['A bullet fired from a gun travels 1000 feet a second or more. One such bullet, a .22 weighing just 35 grains, took down an 18-year-old boy in an instant ... and flung once-close friends into an endless cycle of guilt, pain and recrimination.', "BRANDY GILKENSON: Sometimes I set it aside because you have to. You have to go on and live. But it's in my mind a lot. ", 'DAVID STEBBINS: Never in 1,000 years, you know, you would think that this would happen to you.', "DENNIS MURPHY: They're in and out of one another's houses, riding bikes, doing stuff.", 'JANE THOMPSON: Easy kid. Happy-go-lucky and lots of friends in the neighborhood. ', 'BRANDY GILKENSON: Yeah. Pretty much. They called it "curbside" because they would sit on the curb and look at the people driving by and say hello to all the people they know.', 'JARED GILKENSON: Growing up in that small neighborhood your whole life, you go through your ups and downs with each other, but you become the best of friends.', 'BRANDY GILKENSON: He was funny. He was always joking and being goofy and laughing. ', "Brandy hadn't been drinking, so they all piled into her car and arrived at the party around 9 PM. It was in full swing.", 'BRANDY GILKENSON: Off in another room I think that people were smoking pot and whatever. ', 'Eventually Dave says he and the ex-boyfriend exchanged words and went outside.... ', "It would be hotly disputed later, but the four friends say they simply got into Brandy's car and left... ", 'JARED GILKENSON: We were driving away and I remember a 40-ounce bottle going right by the car and smashing on the road, like they were throwing beer bottles at our car when we left.', 'BRANDY GILKENSON: We stopped the car a little bit down the road because Erin was out there and she was very upset, crying. ', 'DENNIS MURPHY: So you decided even then that you and Ryan were going to go back to the party?', "Brandy says she and Ryan didn't either, until a carload of teenagers flagged them down on their way back to the party. ", 'BRANDY GILKENSON: They said there was a shooting. They said Dave Stebbins had done the shooting. ', 'Brandy and Ryan continued on to the party and pulled up to flashing police lights and an ambulance. The host of the party saw Ryan and pointed him out to a police officer. ', 'DENNIS MURPHY: And apparently he kept talking and making a little bit more of a ruckus than he should have.', 'BRANDY GILKENSON: Right. He was impatient, he was drinking, you know, had been drinking. ', "BRANDY GILKENSON: He got arrested for breach of peace because he wouldn't stop asking, you know, asking them questions. ", 'Even as four teenage friends were being sucked into the confused aftermath of a shooting at a party, another family was being pulled into something much worse.', 'NANCY MCCAFFERY: He was full of gusto and he found good in everything and everyone.', 'His mother thought nothing of it when he went to a party the night of April 18, 1998, but it turned out to be the party that changed everything.', 'It was the same party the four friends went to where Dave had an argument over a girl, where a shot was fired. ', "Rob McCaffery was the one who got hit. He was sitting on a rooftop with a friend when a single bullet, seemingly out of nowhere, pierced his skull. Rob's mom raced to the hospital.", "Who shot Rob McCaffery? Suspicion settled almost immediately on the four friends who'd left the party after one of them got in a hassle and had gottenkicked out. Ryan Thompson was already under arrest for disturbing the peace. Now major crime squad detectives came for his buddies Jared and Dave.", "DAVID STEBBINS: They weren't drilling us. They just wanted to know what we did when we got in the car and left. ", "DAVID STEBBINS: I didn't know. But I wasn't worried about it, 'cause I had done nothing. ", "Or so he claimed. So they all claimed. But police were getting a very different picture. First, there was the behavior of Ryan Thompson. He'd been arrested for disturbing the peace, but seemed to think he was in much more serious trouble.", "PROSECUTOR VINCE DOOLEY: That was the jaw-dropping moment for the detectives. They didn't even know at that point what type of weapon had been used in this incident.", 'PROSECUTOR VINCE DOOLEY: Harding saw the same individual getting back into the car and then the car leaving the scene.', "Those two witnesses made Ryan Thompson the chief suspect in the shooting, his friends suspected accomplices. At about the same time, Rob McCaffery's parents watched, helpless, as their son slipped away.", 'But Brandy became concerned when detectives questioned her in a squad car a few hours later.', "Ryan's parents, out of town for the weekend, knew nothing about what had happened until they got a cryptic call from their son Sunday morning. ", "They got the story from Ryan in bits and pieces: The hassle at the party, the shooting, the accusations, Ryan's arrest.", "The warrant was for a gun. Police didn't find one, but as they were leaving, they noticed a white jacket hanging on a peg by the door.", "Same for another of the four friends, Dave Stebbins. The night before, he'd been a suspect, but denied everything. Now when police questioned him again, in the light of day, he, too, flipped. Ryan's friends, once his staunch defenders were now his chief accusers.", 'SCOTT THOMPSON: Read him his rights, got him outside, away from us quickly, and then took him away.', "A single .22 bullet had ended Rob McCaffery's life. Now his classmate Ryan Thompson was sitting in jail, charged with murder, his bail set at half a million dollars. The strongest evidence against him: Statements given independently by two close friends who were with him the night of the shooting.", 'SCOTT THOMPSON: They explained to me that they had three witnesses that saw Ryan actually hold the rifle to his shoulder and shoot.', "Ryan's two good friends, Dave and Jared, who were with him the night of the shooting had also given statements to police implicating Ryan. The evidence seemed overwhelming. ", 'So why had he fingered his friend? Jared and his parents now made a startling claim.', 'The parents say that by telling them that three witnesses had seen Ryan fire a shot, then saying Ryan had confessed, police convinced them to put pressure on Jared to come clean and protect himself.', "What about Dave Stebbins, the other friend who'd implicated Ryan? He also wanted to retract his statement, claiming police had applied pressure by saying Ryan had fingered him.", "Here are some major points. In fact, Ryan never accused Dave. He never confessed, either. And those three witnesses who supposedly saw Ryan fire the fatal shot? They didn't exist. Although witnesses did place Ryan at the scene,possibly with a gun, No one could say for sure who had pulled the trigger. If detectives really did say all that, they weren't telling the truth. ", 'The detectives declined to talk to Dateline, but it is legal for authorities to lie to witnesses during interrogations. The question now was: Did police tactics cause Dave and Jared toaccuse their friend Ryan, even though he was innocent?', 'Brandy, a single mom with a three-year-old, says police pressured her in other ways, too. ', 'SCOTT THOMPSON: When I found out that their initial statements all matched, I felt that that was the truth.', 'But the gun never turned up. Ryan sat in jail. And the murder case against him went full speed ahead.', "When the class of 1998 graduated from Plainfield High, empty chairs suggested a small town's pain.", "NANCY MCCAFFREY: Instead of buying a graduation gift, you're buying a casket. That, you know, you just should never have to do that. Never.", "Nancy McCaffery's son Rob had been cut down by a single bullet at a teenage party.", 'NANCY MCCAFFREY: They left his chair empty and they put a basket on it. And every student that walked by put a rose in there.', "Others were absent as well, like Rob's classmate Ryan Thompson, still in jail, charged with Rob's murder. And Jared Gilkenson, another of the four friends allegedly tied to the shooting.", "SCOTT THOMPSON: I never thought I'd see a day like that. We cried, quite a bit during those times.", "DENNIS MURPHY: Any part of the trial you couldn't take, you had to step outside? ", "DENNIS MURPHY: We'd like to be able to show you something forensically, but we don't have it.", 'LaTour also testified that, just before that, Dave Stebbins had threatened him with a rifle. ', "It wasn't until the next morning that LaTour and Harding told police they saw Ryan at the scene. And at trial, they sometimes contradicted each other on the stand.", "BRANDY GILKENSON: No. I was near him at all times so I knew in my heart that it wasn't possible.", "The detectives denied on the stand, under oath, that they'd told anyone Ryan had confessed or that there were three eyewitnesses.", 'The prosecutor felt otherwise, and, in his closing argument, condemned Jared and Dave for lying.', 'DENNIS MURPHY: That they may not be in trouble with the law right now, but there may be charges still to come?', "Across the aisle, Rob McCaffery's parents thought that for their child, justice had been done. ", "NANCY MCCAFFREY: I was holding my husband's hand and my priest's hand and we were elated.", "DENNIS MURPHY: Your only obligation as an attorney is to give him his best shot in court. You don't have to believe in him, but do you?", 'Ryan thompson maintains now, as he did the night of the shooting, that he had nothing to do with it.', 'Ryan initially got arrested for disturbing the peace, he says, because he was defending his group from false accusations by the host of the party.', 'DENNIS MURPHY: The prosecutor would say you acted in a guilty manner that night by coming back to the scene, by being confrontational in the station house.', 'And Ryan says the only time he mentioned a .22 was when detectives asked him what kind of guns he had fired in the past.', 'If Ryan got himself arrested, it was the second statements of his friends, Dave and Jared, that got him convicted.', "In fact, both friends testified under oath that those second statements were not true, that police had coerced them. But that didn't save Ryan.", "JARED GILKENSON: Unless you're in the situation, you would never, never know. You feel like your life's on the line.", 'DAVID STEBBINS: I felt backed in a corner, and like a cat, I just wanted to get away, ', 'BRANDY GILKENSON: I thought I was going to prison, and my son was going to be without his mother, and that was horrifying. ', 'BRANDY GILKENSON: Jared and I became very close because we went through all this together. ', 'The four friends still say they were falsely accused by Bobby LaTour and Ron Harding. They think it may be connected to drugs being used and sold at the party...', 'Something, the friends speculate, that caused a shot to be fired and LaTour and Harding to sic police on Dave and Ryan and divert attention from themselves... ', 'BRANDY STEBBINS: I know definitely Bobby and Ron have something to do with it because why would they lie? Why? There has to be some reason there.', "DENNIS MURPHY: Bobby Latour's statement to the cops...Why do you think he would have done that?", 'Ryan\'s new attorney, John Watson, presented arguments that the original defense counsel had been "ineffective." Failing, for example to undermine the state\'s key witness, Bobby LaTour. Watson found an eyewitness who said LaTour was in a parking lot right after the shot was fired, so he could not have seen Ryan Thompson get out of the car before the shot, as he claimed. Ryan\'s original attorney knew about the witness but didn\'t call him.', "JOHN WATSON: That's a really, really crucial piece of information that the jury should have heard.", "MARTIN ZELDIS: The police were holding over their heads the possibility that they too may be arrested if they didn't tow the line. ", 'JOHN WATSON: Jurors are simply not inclined to believe that police officers are not truthful, or that a person would falsely implicate themselves or somebody else unless they were, if you will, physically tortured. ', "SCOTT THOMPSON: You've got a great attitude. You know, I'm just so proud of you. ", "DENNIS MURPHY: So if there was a figure going down that alley holding something that may or may not have been a rifle, it wasn't you.", "SCOTT THOMPSON: The McCafferys are living a parent's worst nightmare, and we're living a parent's second worst nightmare.", "For Rob's parents, who believe Ryan is guilty, there's just one truth: Their son is never coming home again."]