["On Thursday night, Jimmy Kimmel, 45, and his fiancee, Molly McNearney, caught up Kimmel's ex-girlfriend  Sarah Silverman , 42, at AFI's 41st Life Achievement Award Tribute to Mel Brooks in Hollywood, and happily posed for photos together ", "people who will or won't make you laugh, including  Sarah Silverman , Will.i.am ( Yup! ), Jenna Marbles, Daily Grace's episode. Honorable mention: This music video by  Sarah Silverman  and Will.i.am ( Yuuuuup! ), 100 percent because ", 'site has such cachet it has attracted high-profile contributors like HBO "Girls" creator Lena Dunham, comedian  Sarah Silverman . And, for the girl who loves the \'60s "Mad Man" aesthetic, even the AMC show\'s star, Jon Hamm. While wearing ', 'Square: "Do you like comedy?" If so, you might really enjoy JASH, a new YouTube channel created by comedians  Sarah Silverman , Michael Cera, Reggie Watts, Tim Heidecker, and Eric Wareheim to showcase new digital content by one another and ', 'video and congratulated "The Bourne Identity" star for ousting Kimmel for the night. Kimmel\'s ex-girlfriend  Sarah Silverman  appeared as Damon\'s final guest. "Is there anything you\'d like to say to Jimmy?" Damon asked. "No, I\'m ', 'A lot has changed since Joan Rivers got into comedy - Mindy Kaling, Kristen Wiig,  Sarah Silverman , and loads of other female comics have made it clear that women are funny - but she remembers the days when she was treated like ', 'you were, might actually lose it for you." The new site promises more videos before Nov. 6 featuring comedians  Sarah Silverman , Lizz Winstead, W. Kamau Bell, Elon James White and Jay Smooth, who, according to the groups, "will tackle ', 'Democratic super PAC American Bridge is partnering with Jewish Council for Education and Research (which produced the  Sarah Silverman , "Great Schlep" video, among others) to launch the site, Actually.org. What\'s it all about? According ', 'went viral on YouTube last year, now joins comedian  Sarah Silverman  in the profanity-laced pro-Obama video category. In a video launched last week comedian  Sarah Silverman  lambasted "super f****d up" voter ID laws ', "PM Note: Mitt's Tax Dump, How to Get To 14.1 Percent, The Zeitgeist from Amy Walter", "message with which to assail GOP House incumbents: You're fired. http://abcn.ws/RFI100 (Chris Good)  Sarah Silverman  Takes Voter ID Laws To Task- One musty couch, one snappy comedian and plenty of foul-mouthed sarcasm later, the ", 'new strict voter ID laws to get the photo ID they will need to in order to cast a ballot in November. In classic  Sarah Silverman  style, the comedian and actress takes Voter ID laws to task in a video ad sponsored by the Jewish Council for Education ', '(Image Credit: Jun Sato/WireImage/Getty Images) Samuel L. Jackson and the super PAC that funds comedian  Sarah Silverman \'s "Great Schlep" are reportedly in talks to cut a new ad, which could feature the "Pulp Fiction" actor telling ', 'the second marriage for the talk show host and the first for McNearney. Kimmel married Gina Maddy in 1988 and the couple has two children. They divorced in 2002 and Kimmel dated comedian  Sarah Silverman  until they split in early 2009.', 'kids on your iphone or ipad. It\'s called uncle sarah. And it will be out next week. Looking forward to that.  Sarah silverman . Looking for "wreck-it ralph" in theaters today. Let\'s get the weather from', 'sarah. And it will be out next week. Looking forward to that. Sarah silverman . Looking for "wreck-it ralph" in theaters today. Let\'s get the weather from ', 'In the war comedies  Sarah Silverman  is in a regional humor can be caustic wit biting. But the tough comedians deliberately choose to make a living what their potty For  Sarah Silverman  that decision came right around potty training. three and my ', 'In the war comedies Sarah Silverman is in a regional humor can be caustic wit biting. -- -- -- But the tough messages delivered in -- girl next ', 'comedians deliberately choose to make a living what their potty -- For Sarah Silverman that decision came right around potty training. -- three and my dad hilariously. -- me. Had to swear I yelled that bitch ', "anticipation. so off limits when it comes in the  Sarah Silverman  shop. Nothing really is it's funny enough you know pool reporter Harry eggs are they don't sides. And  Sarah Silverman  program premieres tonight at 10 o'clock 10:30 ", "will -- anticipation. -- so off limits when it comes in the Sarah Silverman shop. Nothing really is -- -- it's funny enough you know we're dumb enough like me. This season for some reason mainly ", "in swimming pool reporter -- Harry eggs are they don't sides. And Sarah Silverman program premieres tonight at 10 o'clock 10:30 eastern on Comedy Central that's all the buzz we have -- and -- near instructing. ", 'and I have a proposal free and theory Lucky. You gave that hundred million dollars to Obama instead of me. I will well not have sex with because not married and miniskirt. Today will sit there you. Wearing a bikini bottom through to fruition. That means and You know Germany Republican billionaires', "report. He's Barack Obama doesn't become the next president of the United States and blamed it is I am. Comedian  Sarah Silverman  for the great An online movement to get young to convince their grandparents to vote for Barack Obama really the best ", 'president of the United States and blamed it is I am. Comedian Sarah Silverman for the great -- An online movement to get young -- to convince their grandparents to vote for Barack Obama really the ', "He's Barack Obama doesn't become the next president of the United States and blamed it is. Comedian  Sarah Silverman  for the great An online movement to get young to convince their grandparents to vote for Barack Obama really the best ", 'the next president of the United States and blamed it is. Comedian Sarah Silverman for the great -- An online movement to get young -- to convince their grandparents to vote for Barack Obama really the ']