['The comedian cracks wise -- and traces his path from drugs and drink to showbiz fame.', "Tracy Morgan  is not Tracy In a recent interview with New York Times reporter Bill Carter the thirty rock star said that he's different from ", 'Tracy Morgan is not Tracy -- -- In a recent interview with New York Times reporter Bill Carter the thirty rock star said that ', 'for actor and comedian  Tracy Morgan  following his statement his apology. Houston  Tracy Morgan  as the brash comedian on  Saturday Night Live  and  30 Rock  so we can do so after Morgan. And the actors  30 Rock  costar Tina a city is ', "More fallout this morning for actor and comedian Tracy Morgan following his statement that He would attack his son if He were gay. Our rob Nelson reports that some of Morgan's colleagues are not exactly satisfied with his apology. Houston Tracy Morgan as the brash comedian on Saturday Night Live and 30 Rock so we can do so after Morgan's anti gay rant during a routine in Nashville. Very few are laughing. He talked about ", 'lopez to prince, actor  tracy morgan  is hosting the show and made people laugh on " saturday night live " then for seven years on the sitcom " 30 rock " but with the fame came So when you\'re on " 30 rock " you were this funny ', 'me so I liked that feeling. Reporter: Tracy made people laugh on " saturday night live " then for seven years on the sitcom " 30 rock " but with the fame came partying and drinking. So when you\'re on " 30 rock " you were this funny, zany -- I was dying inside. The first two years. Reporter: What was the wake-up call? Losing my ', "that has shocked fans and friends of comedian and actor  Tracy Morgan . He's once again apologizing this morning for his dungy did the case. There were no smiles no laughter as  Tracy Morgan  took the Mike to apologize. For his inflammatory. Comedy ", "a story that has shocked fans and friends of comedian and actor Tracy Morgan . He's once again apologizing this morning for his recent anti gay -- here's -- dungy did the case. There were no smiles no laughter as Tracy Morgan took the Mike to apologize. For his inflammatory. Comedy act. I must -- forms when He is eighteen years of standup. Vote ", "Because they have. Are going lunch right now playing on our margins. Relative fair Melanie. I hate to give they had like a book I don't have a favorite maybe I just eat food. Included an opt and these other Wendy's. I love you but I just read about and read all last night at this dad. What it what", "Help anyways I was a little controversy here with  Tracy Morgan  the star of thirty rock the comedian. You may have heard from here I mean I guess he's gonna keep his job at  30 Rock . We also think people say is so pivotal and that show ", 'Help -- anyways I was a little controversy here with Tracy Morgan the star of thirty rock the comedian. You may have heard of this He was at the comedy show in Nashville doing ', "what you did. To stick with his parents this family  Tracy Jordan  Painted. Twitter. Being kind of fell flat. But overall we're some of his best moments of course idea. Had  Tracy Morgan  their lie down on stage to try and get people and and ", 'basically what you did. To stick with his parents -- this family Tracy Jordan -- Painted. Twitter. Being kind of fell flat. But overall it was good but the real winner is Jimmy Fallon -- -- ', "Trouble for some high profile stars. What does funnyman  Tracy Morgan  who was hauled off to the hospital overnight. In Utah after collapsing during an awards ceremony we're just accepted an award ", "Trouble for some high profile stars. What does funnyman Tracy Morgan who was hauled off to the hospital overnight. In Utah after collapsing during an awards ceremony -- we're -- just accepted an ", "success in recent years that's a factor of sure more will come out later but about take some time we'll see. And  Tracy Morgan  also back in the news this morning he was out at Sundance in Utah on was at an awards ceremony. And passed out he was ", "-- -- -- -- about -- take some time we'll see. And Tracy Morgan also back in the news this morning he was out at Sundance in Utah on -- -- -- was at an awards ", 'Tracy Morgan  has issued an apology or his anti gay rant during a stand performance and ash spill. The thirty rock star apologized to its gay ', 'Tracy Morgan has issued an apology or his anti gay rant during a stand -- performance and ash spill. The thirty rock star apologized ', 'Tracing the comedian went back the national debate to get face to face apology for his anti gay rant. During June 3 performance in the city He met with gay advocacy groups in the area and addressed reporters just moments ago saying. I just wanna take this opportunity to help and not hurt the that', "Saturday it's a of rock N roll royalty. Since. My man who. Is Barbara. bisexual and withdrew billboard awards host  Tracy Morgan  is and got no business in him being interviewed Bob follow wants. All of us two hours and yeah. It starts ninety cents okay NBC.", 'My man who. Is Barbara. -- bisexual and withdrew billboard awards host Tracy Morgan is -- and got no business in him being interviewed Bob follow wants. All of us two hours and yeah. It starts ', 'correspondents and you can vote for your favorite and least favorite moments with just one click. Last night the soundtrack  Tracy Morgan  had the best joke. But he made me wonder what. never completely July. Learn more about social and abcnews.com ', 'favorite moments with just one click. Last night the soundtrack -- -- Tracy Morgan had the best joke. But he made me wonder what. -- never completely July. Learn more about social -- -- -- and ', "increase the size of the audience. Owe phone facebook or twitter. Here's what I want you to post, oh, my god,  tracy morgan  just passed out on stage at the Just lie there for ten minutes or so and when people tune in, they'll see this ", "or twitter. Here's what I want you to post, oh, my god, tracy morgan just passed out on stage at the Just lie there for ten minutes or so and when people tune in, they'll see ", "I I think means the might miss understood. college yeah let him I don't honestly you know. It is very similar to  Tracy Morgan  who also stand up going to be be violent if the child is this something else. Veterans it's marijuana. as statements ", "let him I don't honestly you know. It is very similar to Tracy Morgan who also stand up going to be -- -- -- be violent if the child is -- this something else. Veterans -- ", "pointed out the of the day that Billy Crystal got in trouble for portraying Sammy Davis Cameras who was with Traci. And  Tracy Morgan  on our also about it but you know what I'm I'm a little bit surprised and maybe it's because it's a white actor ", "Sammy Davis -- -- -- Cameras -- who was with Traci. And Tracy Morgan on our -- also about it but you know what I'm I'm a little bit surprised and maybe it's because it's a ", 'couples watch out 88 year old Betty White showed off her cougar at a New York magazine that with comedic counterpart  Tracy Morgan  but you try their best to look like a fun with them escape this issue with all for the cover of the mad that television ', 'cougar -- at a New York magazine that -- with comedic counterpart Tracy Morgan but you try their best to look like a fun -- with them escape this issue with all for the cover of ']