['The British author is perhaps best known for his creation "Sandman," a series that helped elevate the art form like  Alan Moore \'s "The Watchmen" or Frank Miller\'s "Sin City." He\'ll make his long-awaited return to that world this fall when ', "announced today that he is bringing aboard Ellen Qualls and  Alan Moore  are joining his campaign. Qualls will serve as senior a Senior Advisor in Speaker Pelosi's office. ...  Alan Moore  has worked on Virginia campaigns at the state and federal ", 'Suri Cruise, born on Apr. 18, 2006. Famous Birthdays 1923 Alan Shepard 1923 Ted Stevens 1939 Margaret Atwood 1953  Alan Moore  1958 Oscar Nunez 1968 Gary Sheffield 1968 Owen Wilson 1969 Duncan Sheik 1974 Chloe Sevigny 1975 David Ortiz 1985 Christian ', 'few were likely to remember until  Alan Moore \'s number was called . Moore, 61 1968. "[It] is the Hilton, the  Alan Moore  Hilton," he said. He is in many 24 to nothing in the 2nd quarter,  Alan Moore , Vietnam veteran, father of three ', 'Cole\'s "Unforgettable." As the story proceeds, however, it grows plodding, convoluted and forgettable. Based on  Alan Moore \'s cult graphic novel, Watchmen is an action-adventure mystery set in the mid-1980s, in a mythical USA, where ', 'Republican rival Mitt Romney. "If the Rockies lose, Tancredo will drop out of the Presidential race," said spokesman  Alan Moore . But if. . . IF the Red Sox lose, Moore went on, "Romney would have to agree that he\'d drop out." Maybe Tancredo ', 'Mitt Romney, a Red Sox fan. "If the Rockies lose, Tancredo will drop out of the Presidential race," said spokesman  Alan Moore . But if. . . IF the Red Sox lose, Moore went on, "Romney would have to agree that he\'d drop out." Usually when ', "benefit of the doubt since the Red Sox curse is broken.  Alan Moore , Tancredo's campaign spokesman, said even if Tancredo conference about the sanctity of life. Campaign spokesman  Alan Moore  said it is not unusual for Tancredo to squeeze last-minute ", "debate on minority issues, according to a representative of Tavis Smiley, who will act as moderator. Tancredo spokesman  Alan Moore  cited poor attendance for the reason behind the Colorado Congressman's withdrawal from the debate at Morgan State University ", "any White House contender. Most of the donors support Tancredo's vocal opposition to illegal immigration, spokesman  Alan Moore  said. The campaign does not have a final count of its donors, but estimated the average donation is about $60. Small ", 'state. "We\'re going at it full-force in Ames, and we are expecting a strong showing by our supporters," said  Alan Moore , a Tancredo spokesman. "We\'re arranging as much as we can to get our supporters there from all over the state ', "Alan Moore  is a Vietnam vet and grandfather who's friends at ESP Pads on helmet strap tight  Alan Moore  blends right in with his teammates only was a dream that began forty years ago  Alan Moore  was a kicker on his junior college football ", "Alan Moore is a Vietnam vet and grandfather who's gone back to college to finish when He started more than forty years ago. That's impressive enough but what really caught our -- is how He spends his Saturdays you can find him at the football -- not tailgating but place kicking. Teaching us all lesson about living our dreams and with the help of our friends at ESP -- Pads on helmet strap tight Alan Moore blends right in with his teammates only -- old school kicking she stands -- Believe. I wrote that on the issue. Soon ", '-- -- -- It was a dream that began forty years ago Alan Moore was a kicker on his junior college football team -- with the Vietnam War draft coming -- dropped out of school and ', '-- picked it. Getting into the air and okay. Okay. About its. Alan Moore 61. -- oldest college football player ever to score. Never never ever give I tell my grandkids. -- -- -- Leave yourself ', "athlete in Alabama has come full circle proving is very much alive and kicking and we do mean picking gore 61 year old  Alan Moore  has actually earned a spot as the place kicker for Faulkner University you know more is always football team we're ", "and kicking and we do mean picking gore -- 61 year old Alan Moore has actually earned a spot as the place kicker for Faulkner University you know more is always -- football team we're back ", "we'll see gotten so much more outside bricks are very excited to get to know the guys get to see more of view. And that all comes out. To not exist and an MTV congratulations and thank you we spent  Alan Moore  for a yes let's do that.", "To not exist and an MTV congratulations and thank you we spent Alan Moore for a yes -- -- -- let's do that. ", "actually meant to be frozen so that you always have something healthy DePaul. Have to get out and yeah. Mommy really and I  Alan Moore  still talk about about your let's try to make something because I think it's really also. Your. Speed. What are ", "DePaul. Have to get out and yeah. Mommy really and I -- Alan Moore still talk about about your -- let's try to make something because I think it's really also. Your. Speed. What are we ", 'division I think. The chances of survival and the pace of life. Okay. Not far from calling me a loving father named  Alan Moore  commented on leads to seven year old daughter commodities. Just seven months ago and his wife to death doing My wife ', 'of life. Okay. Not far from calling me a loving father named Alan Moore commented on leads to -- seven year old daughter commodities. Just seven months ago and his wife -- to death doing -- ']