["this done everybody from Christina Applegate to  Wanda Sykes Wanda Sykes  was on. The Tonight Show issues on the Tonight That's right so well the only difference with  Wanda Sykes  is that she actually went into trying get a breast ", 'lot of celebrities also gotten this done everybody from Christina Applegate to Wanda Sykes Wanda Sykes was on. The Tonight Show -- -- issues on the Tonight Show when she. If you end only way that -- that ', "is not help people. That's right so well the only difference with Wanda Sykes is that she actually went into trying get a breast reduction and that's how she found out that she has this -- one. -- -- The gene that is effective. And so therefore she got this also double mastectomy and everybody out there is just applying the women who are brave enough to do it still feel beautiful and you know I'm -- preventative thing to help. I think it's a wonderful thing and -- enjoyed Wanda Sykes is. -- her explanation of it made me laugh blast took my fiance is she pregnant that's the big -- but apparently ", "she insists she is apparently. In producers' meeting when she felt ill but also speaking of that Ellen DeGeneres comedian  Wanda Sykes  from Curb Your Enthusiasm. Came out to Allen on the show telling her that she had her own health she had. Breast cancer ", 'when she felt ill but also speaking of that Ellen DeGeneres comedian Wanda Sykes from Curb Your Enthusiasm. Came out to Allen on the show telling her that she had her own health -- she had. ', "tickets are still available that's right up front and side and lots of people we have. simplicity in Mickey Andrews he  Wanda Sykes . military general in. His son Andrew Wilson movie disintegration. yeah gave it Vanessa content. Skylar I'm missing Cindy ", "of people we have. -- simplicity in Mickey Andrews he -- -- Wanda Sykes . -- -- military general in. His son Andrew Wilson movie -- disintegration. -- yeah gave it Vanessa content. Skylar -- I'm missing ", 'Tempers flared over bodies window seat video  Wanda Sykes  recreated the now infamous clip with a parody video called middle take a look. Yeah. In the interview that followed that is said ', 'Tempers flared over bodies window seat video Wanda Sykes recreated the now infamous clip with a parody video called middle -- take a look. Yeah. In ', "In Las Vegas comedian  Wanda Sykes  made a surprise appearance at a prop eight rally where she announced she's gay and that she had married her girlfriend back in ", "In Las Vegas comedian Wanda Sykes made a surprise appearance at a prop eight rally where she announced she's gay and that she had married her girlfriend back ", "then retracted his support I face sort of definitive call them to sleep in its health centers to ever heard another person.  Wanda Sykes  and as Cheyenne Jackson both of film. Came out and we're not happy and in fact that they were disgusted by his comments ", "them to sleep in its health centers to ever heard another person. Wanda Sykes and as Cheyenne Jackson both of film. Came out and we're not happy and in fact that they were disgusted by his ", "don't know contemporary family life trying to do. Like being in this great ensemble cast that included what favorite comedian  Wanda Sykes . What was it like. Dream come true to tie the truth I mean I'd so much. And we had such great time working together and ", "in this great ensemble cast that included what -- -- favorite comedian Wanda Sykes . What was it like. Dream come true to tie the truth I mean I'd -- -- -- so much. And we had ", "actually think that we've had some really that infamous Steven one was was was was brilliant and addition being very funny  Wanda Sykes  is very funny. I think that there has been funny funny in the past I think He wasn't funny. And two years ago when He ", "one was was was was brilliant and -- addition being very funny Wanda Sykes is very funny. I think that there has been funny funny in the past I think -- He wasn't funny. -- -- ", "It's time for about you. Was she was on  Wanda Sykes  last this weekend basically defending her video you know the one she was in in dallas' Daley plaza. And she said she didn't ", "It's time for -- about you. Was she was on Wanda Sykes last this weekend basically defending her video you know the one she was in in dallas' Daley plaza. And she said she "]