[" colleagues knew she'd had a troubled relationship with her ex, and agents would soon hear about a chilling prediction ", " because I'm the husband and we had a contentious relationship.' He's got time to come up with a story.", " says he cooperated. But he was angry, said he didn't know a thing about it. His alibi? He said he was at home, near the base, about 70 ", " said he'd never been there. I'm guessing that interrogation is not terribly friendly.", " may have been the primary target, but he wasn't the only one. Investigators would look at other men in ", "'s life. At least one was married, with reason to hide an affair. Each was scrutinized and then ruled out. Investigators looked at anyone with a possible motive. But they found nothing. ", "'s list as investigators tried to either make a case against him or rule him out.", "Just because you have a contentious relationship with someone doesn't mean that when they do turn up dead that you killed them.", 'Absolutely. But what it will do is make you a suspect right away. And it did with ', "'s car and home were searched exhaustively. His friends, family, past girlfriends, high school teachers all questioned.", "He made a statement, `Well, if I had put my wife's picture up there, I'd shoot expert.'", "'s killer had been angry, and strong. Angry enough to kick in a door, strong enough to overpower a woman using his bare hands.", "'s injuries is what we didn't find. We didn't find many defensive wounds. It's as if she was rendered absolutely helpless by her attacker.", 'It was an intimate attack, strangling the life out of a nude woman in the bed of her own home.', " had been on the market, plenty of potential buyers had been through. But one person's genetic signature stood out.", "There's no question we had probable cause to arrest him on what you just described.", ', kicked in the door, killed her, then turned around and drove 70 miles home in time to get his daughter to the babysitter at 5:15 and himself to the Marine base shortly after. It was a lot of business in a very short time.']