['reports: It\'s a girl - finally - for  Tracy Morgan ! After having three sons from a child are doing fine," the former " 30 Rock " star told ABC News. "Love to support. We hope to see you soon."  Tracy Morgan  opens to Barbara Walters about his ', 'the beauty industry, particularly of her fellow models. RELATED: Eddie Murphy, Richard Pryor ... Carol Burnett?  Tracy Morgan  on His Influences "Lots of girls get addicted to drugs and anorexia, it\'s - there\'s a whole list of things, because ', 'Carly Rae Jepsen introduced new Swedish pop duo Icona Pop to sing their debut U.S. hit, "I Love It." Psy and host  Tracy Morgan  had a dance off before Chris Brown hit the stage for a performance of "Fine China." Brown\'s Chinese-inspired ', 'Walters, actor-comedian  Tracy Morgan  said that he was inspired after successful stints on " Saturday Night Live " and " 30 Rock ," has returned to his roots how Morgan and his fellow " Saturday Night Live " cast mates made fun of ', 'and then an enterprising Ravens fan washes out the stain. Commercials featured celebrities such as Amy Poehler,  Tracy Morgan , Seth Rogan, Paul Rudd, Bar Rafaeli and "Gangnam Style" rapper Psy. But none of the three most discussed commercials ', 'so on the ad. MiO Fit and  Tracy Morgan  It\'s hard to imagine anything entertaining than comedian  Tracy Morgan  in a Super Bowl commercial awards for his portrayal of  Tracy Jordan  on NBC\'s " 30 Rock ." But his spot for sports ', 'had Volkswagen borrowing a culture that has nothing to do with its brand, Mio Fit betting the farm and losing with  Tracy Morgan , Calvin Klein trying to entice a family audience with soft porn, Kia trying to sell cars by having a female robot ', 'to appear in commercials tonight are Amy Poehler for Best Buy, Seth Rogan and Paul Rudd for Samsung, and " 30 Rock " star  Tracy Morgan  for Kraft. ABC News\' Russell Goldman contributed to this report.', 'Primetime Emmy Awards broadcast on Sept. 23, host Jimmy Kimmel as a joke encouraged the audience to tweet, "Oh my God,  Tracy Morgan  just passed out on stage at the Emmys. Turn ABC on now." Twitter users complied with Kimmel\'s wishes. Tweets from ', 'asked viewers to tweet and post on Facebook, "OMG  Tracy Morgan  just passed out onstage at the Emmys, turn ABC on now." He then brought up " 30 Rock " star  Tracy Morgan  and asked him to lay on the stage. But first, Morgan ', 'going through. Nothing," he said.  Tracy Morgan , Asia Morgan and Alicia Warden In February,  Tracy Morgan  \'s mother and sister bad-mouthed him Morgan\'s mom, Alicia Warden, the " 30 Rock " star has refused to help her save her ', 'going through. Nothing," he said.  Tracy Morgan , Asia Morgan and Alicia Warden In February,  Tracy Morgan  \'s mother and sister bad-mouthed him Morgan\'s mom, Alicia Warden, the " 30 Rock " star has refused to help her save her ', 'going through. Nothing," he said.  Tracy Morgan , Asia Morgan and Alicia Warden In February,  Tracy Morgan  \'s mother and sister bad-mouthed him Morgan\'s mom, Alicia Warden, the " 30 Rock " star has refused to help her save her ', 'hit series  30 Rock . Center My name is  Tracy Morgan  an additional Bush. On  Saturday Night Live  patient became pressure on  Saturday Night Live  took its Fey cast  Tracy Morgan  and that character  Tracy Jordan  Donna. To could on  30 Rock  this fund ', "there is this sentence funny keep doing it. But the pressure on Saturday Night Live took its total. With the -- came partying and drinking. -- -- by the Tina Fey cast Tracy Morgan and that he brought. Has the outrageous and out of control character Tracy Jordan Donna. To embrace -- made for big collapse on screen but in real life case she's drinking problems was spiraling out of control. Ending his -- and marriage and destroying his life. So when you could on 30 Rock -- this fund names hanging. Don't -- -- -- first two years what was the wake up -- Tools and her family ", "Tracy Morgan  is not Tracy In a recent interview with New York Times reporter Bill Carter the thirty rock star said that he's different from ", 'Tracy Morgan is not Tracy -- -- In a recent interview with New York Times reporter Bill Carter the thirty rock star said that ', 'for actor and comedian  Tracy Morgan  following his statement his apology. Houston  Tracy Morgan  as the brash comedian on  Saturday Night Live  and  30 Rock  so we can do so after Morgan. And the actors  30 Rock  costar Tina a city is ', "More fallout this morning for actor and comedian Tracy Morgan following his statement that He would attack his son if He were gay. Our rob Nelson reports that some of Morgan's colleagues are not exactly satisfied with his apology. Houston Tracy Morgan as the brash comedian on Saturday Night Live and 30 Rock so we can do so after Morgan's anti gay rant during a routine in Nashville. Very few are laughing. He talked about ", 'lopez to prince, actor  tracy morgan  is hosting the show and made people laugh on " saturday night live " then for seven years on the sitcom " 30 rock " but with the fame came So when you\'re on " 30 rock " you were this funny ', 'me so I liked that feeling. Reporter: Tracy made people laugh on " saturday night live " then for seven years on the sitcom " 30 rock " but with the fame came partying and drinking. So when you\'re on " 30 rock " you were this funny, zany -- I was dying inside. The first two years. Reporter: What was the wake-up call? Losing my ', "that has shocked fans and friends of comedian and actor  Tracy Morgan . He's once again apologizing this morning for his dungy did the case. There were no smiles no laughter as  Tracy Morgan  took the Mike to apologize. For his inflammatory. Comedy ", "a story that has shocked fans and friends of comedian and actor Tracy Morgan . He's once again apologizing this morning for his recent anti gay -- here's -- dungy did the case. There were no smiles no laughter as Tracy Morgan took the Mike to apologize. For his inflammatory. Comedy act. I must -- forms when He is eighteen years of standup. Vote ", "Because they have. Are going lunch right now playing on our margins. Relative fair Melanie. I hate to give they had like a book I don't have a favorite maybe I just eat food. Included an opt and these other Wendy's. I love you but I just read about and read all last night at this dad. What it what", "Help anyways I was a little controversy here with  Tracy Morgan  the star of thirty rock the comedian. You may have heard from here I mean I guess he's gonna keep his job at  30 Rock . We also think people say is so pivotal and that show ", 'Help -- anyways I was a little controversy here with Tracy Morgan the star of thirty rock the comedian. You may have heard of this He was at the comedy show in Nashville doing ']