['defining. For hours, we waited. And prayed. And made desperate bargains. My husband and I watched the green display on the  fetal monitor , fear increasing with each growing contraction. Though he begged me to rest, to hand my worries over to him for a ', 'Challenge, which awarded hundreds of thousands dollars for the development of innovations ranging from a  fetal heart rate monitor  to a ketchup packet shaped satchel of medicines preventing the transmission of HIV from mother to child ', 'International Aid: Millions Awarded for Innovations to Save Lives of Mothers and Children at Birth', 'Sengendo, a pediatrician from Uganda working with Save the Children , was selected for an electricity-free  fetal heart rate monitor  used to track the breathing of fetuses and help early detection of abnormalities. In places such as Uganda ', "infant mortality, Heather Rotondi and her husband started a fund in Dominic's name. The Rotondis have purchased a  fetal heart monitor  for at-risk women, and say they've so far saved two babies. They believe this helps Dominic's spirit live on ", "Nemours Foundation offers these suggestions about what to include in a birth plan: Your ideal scenario for pain management,  fetal monitoring , which family members to have in the delivery room, and preferred birth positions. Your wishes for baby's treatment ", 'she couldn\'t hear her baby\'s heartbeat with her home  fetal heart monitor . A few days earlier, she said she had noticed that the stillbirth "may have been unavoidable," but listening to the  fetal heart monitor  "certainly delayed presentation to the hospital ', 'Blanket. Boom." Noah Wyle talks himself through each step as he walks deliberately across the "ER" trauma room set, from  fetal monitor  to glove dispenser and back to the gurney where his Dr. John Carter will help an intern deliver twins. "It\'s a swaddle ', 'millions of computers and processors, I remind myself that some of those devices are embedded within or wired to things like  fetal monitoring  systems, surgical equipment, robotic bomb demolition equipment ... and ICBMs. Have any hacks of the past killed babies ', 'super vitamins," Mims says. She calls Erin Maynard a "terrific patient" who underwent frequent ultrasounds, exams and  fetal monitoring , even attending appointments two to three times a week near the end of the pregnancy. "I just listened to my body and ', 'deal safer than it is right now." Among those principles were communication training, standardizing interpretation of  fetal monitoring  and creating a new staff role -- patient safety nurse. An additional benefit was the professional staff\'s own perception ', 'deal safer than it is right now." Among those principles were communication training, standardizing interpretation of  fetal monitoring  and creating a new staff role -- patient safety nurse. An additional benefit was the professional staff\'s own perception ', 'hospital rules are just one reason more women are opting for unassisted births. Hospitals tend to support epidurals,  fetal monitoring , inducements and C-sections, said author Jennifer Block. "Most hospital maternity wards are really stuck in a 1950s ', 'victims for, say, $3 billion plus another $5 million for that baby you killed in Omaha when you crashed the hospital  fetal monitoring  system? Go ahead and take that consulting job: we ll garnish every paycheck you get, forever. And attach every piece ', "you're not gonna be hooked up to a continuous  fetal monitoring . So when you're going through your labor you options of a pain relief. When you're tied up to  fetal monitor  you're really limited in what you can do that ", "to -- IB you're not gonna be hooked up to a continuous fetal monitoring . So when you're going through your labor you have different options of a pain relief. When you're tied up to fetal monitor you're really limited in what you can do -- -- -- that -- so that's why it's more likely that you can ", "monitoring. So when you're going through your labor you have different options of pain relief. When you're tied up to  fetal monitor  you're really limited in what you can do to cope with back pain and so that's why it's more likely that you're gonna ", "have different options of -- pain relief. When you're tied up to fetal monitor you're really limited in what you can do to cope with back pain and so that's why it's more likely that you're ", 'Because it establishes when the fetus can not just here but Begin to process and respond to that information. Using a  fetal monitor  researchers created a buzzing sound startled the fetus. But with repeated exposure to be just learned to ignore a form of ', 'here but Begin to process and respond to that information. Using a fetal monitor researchers created a buzzing sound startled the fetus. But with repeated exposure to be just learned to ignore a form of memory ', 'American women are opting to give birth unassisted. The Richard rules and many hospitals which tend to advocate inducements.  Fetal monitoring  at the generals and C sections. Most hospital maternity wards are really stuck in in the 1950s mentality. Of no just ', 'unassisted. The Richard rules and many hospitals which tend to advocate inducements. Fetal monitoring at the generals and C sections. Most hospital maternity wards are really stuck in in the 1950s mentality. Of no just -- ', "American women are opting to give birth unassisted. The Richard rules and many hospitals which tend to advocate inducements.  Fetal monitoring  at the generals and C section. It's most hospital maternity wards are really stuck in in the 1950s mentality. Of next ", "unassisted. The Richard rules and many hospitals which tend to advocate inducements. Fetal monitoring at the generals and C section. It's most hospital maternity wards are really stuck in in the 1950s mentality. Of next slide "]