['Investigators discover that the suspect had a criminal past and a string of victims around the country. Would the jury agree? ', "'s murder, the investigation got a big boost thanks to what Assistant District Attorney ", 'One hair that was collected that evening was put in an evidence locker and sat there for two years.', "'s home had been on the market before she bought it; plenty of people had tramped through, and plenty of hair and fiber remained behind. After ", ' was killed, all of it became evidence. And one of those hairs proved to be a partial ', "Those offices were able to just get us a great wealth of other victims and information. And then we're able to compare those back to the ", ', agents believed they had established a grim pattern. They shared their findings with prosecutors.', 'What we found was a string of victims around this country who were all saying what ', 'There were more than half a dozen alleged victims, which left prosecutors to wonder, if ', " was responsible for such a trail of brutality, why wasn't there more evidence of it on his criminal record? The more they learned, the more certain they became of this theory: ", ', accused him of almost killing her. She said he choked her, pinched her nose to cut off her air. Agents compared ', ' switched sides. She no longer gave her husband that crucial alibi on the night of ', "She couldn't say that he was there for certain during the attack, like she originally said.", ' when he was drinking and going out in the community. And she learned not to ask what he was up to.', ' for drunk driving. In front of a surveillance camera, he launched into a tirade, demanding to speak to FBI agent ', " couldn't get there quickly, so he offered to send someone in his place. That angered ", "You can see just how aggressive and manipulative he is. And he starts to try to create a situation where he has to have interaction with us because he's dying to know.", 'Where were they? They had a suspect whom they believed had committed a series of remarkably similar assaults, a suspect whose alibi was now shaky, a suspect who had means -- he was strong and trained in martial arts -- who had opportunity -- he lived across the street from ', ' was one of only a few people on earth that had the size and ability and intent to perpetrate a crime like this.', ', investigators and prosecutors decided they had a good case and it was time to act. ', "'s defense attorneys tried to discredit the victims' testimony. They also argued the ", ' should not have investigated the murder of one of its own and that others, specifically ', 'We took off the streets one of the most violent criminals either one of us has ever prosecuted.', " says he's put his ordeal behind him, in part because the same agents who made his life miserable ended up clearing him.", 'And a man who was something of a father figure to an employee who was only late once, the day she died, still mourns the life that never was for a young woman named ']