['show titled "The Jenny McCarthy Show." The show featured several actor/writers who are now well known, including  Will Forte  and Brian Posehn. Melissa McCarthy, Jenny\'s cousin, was another -- only she was just a production assistant. 7 ', "Source: 16 Pairs of Women's Underwear Found in Home of Alleged 'Craigslist Killer'", 'was canceled. "The McAllister family contacted me late Friday evening and basically told me the wedding was off,"  Will Forte  of the B Street Band said. McAllister was not the only one coming to the former medical student\'s defense. Sunday ', 'was canceled. "The McAllister family contacted me late Friday evening and basically told me the wedding was off,"  Will Forte  of the B Street Band said. McAllister was not the only one coming to the former medical student\'s defense. Sunday ', 'was canceled. "The McAllister family contacted me late Friday evening and basically told me the wedding was off,"  Will Forte  of the B Street Band said. McAllister was not the only one coming to the former medical student\'s defense. Sunday ', 'Top Ad Tricks During Recession: Pepsi, Burger King, and Beer Commercials Get Creative', 'In each of the three versions of the ad -- which is a spoof on the 1980s\' special agent McGyver -- "SNL" actor  Will Forte  constantly touts Pepsi products as he and two friends (one of them played by original "McGyver" actor Richard Dean ', 'In each of the three versions of the ad -- which is a spoof on the 1980s\' special agent McGyver -- "SNL" actor  Will Forte  constantly touts Pepsi products as he and two friends (one of them played by original "McGyver" actor Richard Dean ', 'In each of the three versions of the ad -- which is a spoof on the 1980s\' special agent McGyver -- "SNL" actor  Will Forte  constantly touts Pepsi products as he and two friends (one of them played by original "McGyver" actor Richard Dean ', 'actors from Saturday Night Live to create a spoof of a spoof. In "PepSuber," MacGyver knockoff MacGruber (aka SNL\' s  Will Forte ) changes his name in honor of the cola. I must admit, I thought the MacGruber spots lost their charm after about the second ', 'request, as he has promised to do. LINK The Chicago Sun-Times Darel Jevens writes up SNL\'s debate skit. "Comedian  Will Forte , who became the NBC show\'s Bush impersonator only last spring, played the commander-in-chief as weary, whiny ', 'Up back into the liquid. Okay. His work with a credit would be a good commercial for their product. that would.  Will Forte . Storm Gruber. You meant to the director that co writer a few more. group and behind well. Says that He like when ', '-- would be a good commercial for their product. -- that would. Will Forte . Storm -- Gruber. You -- meant to -- the director that co writer a few more. -- group and behind well. -- ', "On Saturday night lives that could barely 52 minutes of screen time. But now it's been to a full and feature with  Will Forte  and as Britain's blue. He did is took an upper deck in the master bathroom I think guess we number two in the water ", "time. But now it's been -- to a full and feature with Will Forte and as Britain's blue. He did is took an upper deck in the master bathroom I think -- guess we -- number ", "close to the charge that the outlook for educated. With the world he's a hero who's still top secret. Harlem river  Will Forte  and Kristen brings their characters from Saturday not live to the big screens and your reaction. How much like their ", "a hero who's still top secret. -- -- -- -- Harlem river Will Forte and Kristen -- brings their characters from Saturday not live to the big screens and your reaction. How much like their TVs ", "Saturday Night Live is coming back to the big screen and Val Kilmer are in talks to join SNL actor  Will Forte  in the upcoming feature make Gruber. He sees the first SNL sketch in over a decade teammate into the future so he's human being ", "-- -- and Val Kilmer are in talks to join SNL actor Will Forte in the upcoming feature make Gruber. He sees the first SNL sketch in over a decade teammate into the future so he's "]