["And now fighting spring  allergies  brought to you by  Allegra  warmer weather flowers blooming it's  allergy  So how can you test to see what you're allergic to the  allergy  skin test or blood test but what's the difference at abcnews.com. Or DNA.", "And now fighting spring allergies brought to you by Allegra warmer weather flowers blooming it's allergy -- So how can you test to see what you're allergic to -- the allergy skin test or blood test but what's the difference -- -- at abcnews.com. Or -- DNA. ", "it's not great news for  allergy  sufferers as this is now the predicting. Unfortunately for  allergy  suffers is the most intense trigger for those springtime  allergy  symptoms and in the spring to know that you've got  allergies  he should obviously get tested medications like the Claritin in the  Allegra  mister tech. If those don't ", "have to get all of those things to know that you've got allergies he should obviously get tested by -- I just as was to make sure -- fact it's not something more serious. Yeah I would definitely on the you can always try some over the counter medications like the Claritin in the Allegra mister tech. If those don't work if you're suspecting RJ you should go see a doctor an allergist can prescribe other medications ", "And now fighting spring  allergy  products you  Allegra . If you're allergic to pollen you probably know about counts you really know what they mean for you and your  allergies  and how accurate are there. And abcnews.com. Slash GM day.", "And now fighting spring allergy products you -- Allegra . If you're allergic to pollen you probably know about -- counts -- you really know what they mean for you and your allergies and how accurate are there. And abcnews.com. Slash GM -- day. ", 'more than one quarter admitted to taking prescription drugs from friends. At least once in the past.  Allergy  medicine such as Claritin or  Allegra  and painkillers that his said were among the drugs most often shared. But people they also shared ', 'to taking prescription drugs from friends. At least once in the past. Allergy medicine such as Claritin or Allegra and painkillers that his -- said were among the drugs most often shared. But people -- they also shared antibiotics and medications. ', "Also means a seasonal  allergies  are about to hit up change means a tough  allergy  season it's George we're finding that  allergy  season is longer. It's always know the cure the  allergy  symptoms typical you more localized to some  allergy  right exactly and it's ones like Claritin and  Allegra  and and tech they come ", "mouth from it. The great ones the new ones like Claritin and Allegra and and -- tech they come over the counter now there's -- digit generic form. And they can really help -- well "]