["This isn't real it's a real that benign  breast lumps  can progress have become cancers in actual fact. Cancer line and lumps are either benign or their cancer and they don't go from one to the other.", "This isn't real it's a real -- that benign breast lumps can progress have become cancers in actual fact. Cancer line and lumps are either benign or their cancer and they don't go ", "can't believe what they're hearing take Jihad. Take it back out I mean I gotta protect my customers. You really advanced  breast lumps  are just trying to. Hill and CEU might Alter that your right mean you're not writing partner you're obviously dressed ", '-- -- I mean I gotta protect my customers. You really advanced breast lumps are just trying to. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Hill and CEU might Alter ', "explains the Two women with breast cancer but left and Celia on the rise. having significantly different treatment Celia hatton  breast lump  removed several months ago. It is now radiotherapy London's royal free hospital. It means twenty separate sanctions but ", "and Celia on the rise. -- having significantly different treatment Celia hatton breast lump removed several months ago. It is now -- radiotherapy -- London's royal free hospital. It means twenty separate sanctions but is highly ", "uncomfortable. And potentially scarring breast Biopsies are often performed when mammograms and ultra cannot determine a suspicious  breast lump  is in fact cancer But the majority of those biopsies don't find any cancer which leads to unnecessary stress and cost for ", "often performed when mammograms and ultra -- cannot determine -- a suspicious breast lump is in fact cancer -- But the majority of those biopsies don't find any cancer which leads to unnecessary stress and cost ", "Benign  breast lumps  are very common especially if we include not just lumps graphic abnormality. And it turns out that in the united State's about ", "Benign breast lumps are very common especially if we include not just lumps -- graphic abnormality. And it turns out that in the united State's ", "If you're pregnant getting  breast lumps  it's very common usually they're just from the that those stimulation of the hormones pregnancy that your at your restaurants ", "If you're pregnant getting breast lumps it's very common usually they're just from the that those stimulation of the hormones -- pregnancy that your -- at your restaurants ", 'through your mind and and give some advice to the viewers out there. Right well my situation was really shocking because of my  breast lump  was actually found my gynecologist in a routine check And my first reaction and not knowing much about breast cancer was well ', 'there. Right well my situation was really shocking because of my -- breast lump was actually found -- my gynecologist in a routine check -- And my first reaction and not knowing much about breast cancer ']