['Anderson, now 42 and living in Lake in the Hills, Ill. "My joints hurt all the time. At one point, I was diagnosed with  fibromyalgia ." Anderson had suffered numerous lung clots, which had, in turn, had triggered congestive heart failure. Her condition ', 'groups, including Suzy Chapman , the mother of a son with  fibromyalgia  and an advocate for the Coalition for DSM-5 Reform in the to find a medical diagnosis for her 17-year-old with  fibromyalgia , helps parents find experts and resources for their children ', 'pounds. I am so self-conscious - I hate going out in public. I am taking medical leave as we discovered how I had let my  fibromyalgia /chronic fatigue grow steadily worse, and of course my weight has been a factor in that. My doctor wants me to consider ', "with a doctor who was cooperating with the government, he said the drug could be used for other muscle conditions such as  fibromyalgia , restless leg syndrome, and Parkinson's. He also said it could be used in patients under 16. Caronia had claimed that ", 'around my house with paper towels shoved up my nose and changing it every 10 minutes," she said. Having suffered from  fibromyalgia  for years, Aragon said, "I was used to being in pain all the time." But because she is the main caregiver for her autistic ', "saddle region went numb. Despite medications for nerve damage, the pain continued. Doctors misdiagnosed Bertelli with  fibromyalgia , and even her husband didn't believe her symptoms were real. Eventually, she found support from other patients on Facebook ", 'regional pain syndrome (CRPS) and  fibromyalgia . "He said he never doubted me, but but she first began experiencing  fibromyalgia  symptoms when she was 7 years old at work. Williamson finally got her  fibromyalgia  diagnosis about 15 years ago, and ', 'chronic pain associated with more invisible conditions like  fibromyalgia , irritable bowel syndrome, chronic headaches or jaw pain headache is "three times as common in women compared to men."  Fibromyalgia  "appears more common in women than men," and "a number ', 'it\'s not a choice." Mindy Meyer, a professional facilitator who has lived with complex regional pain syndrome and  fibromyalgia  for years, agrees. "I don\'t know if women actually feel pain more," said the 45-year-old from Venice Beach, Calif ', "A bitter dispute between a prominent medical researcher and her former employer, related to the largely discredited theory that a mouse virus known as XMRV causes chronic fatigue syndrome , has turned even uglier with the scientist's arrest and brief jailing. On Tuesday, Judy Mikovits, formerly the", 'A new study supports the theory that chronic fatigue syndrome is an autoimmune disease , offering patients with the controversial condition new hope for a cure. Two injections of the cancer drug Rituximab , which suppresses the immune system, relieved chronic fatigue symptoms in 10 of 15 patients', 'treated for depression with antidepressants. Because antidepressants are also prescribed for anxiety, neurological pain,  fibromyalgia , sleep problems, and menopausal hot flashes, some of those reporting being on antidepressants may have been medicated ', 'Becky Blanton was a fit 36-year-old training for a half-marathon when chronic fatigue syndrome hit her "like a truck." Unable to get out of bed, she became overweight, unemployed and the butt of constant criticism from disbelieving friends. "They\'d say, \'You\'re lazy; it\'s all in your mind; you\'re', 'Mothers, Wives, Sisters and Daughters are Dying From Prescription Drug Overdoses', 'prescriptioning this stuff to me. Reporter: Doctors tell us women are more likely to suffer from painful conditions like  fibromyalgia  and migraines. Why are women more likely than men to become addicted? Women are prescribed pain medications more commonly ', 'tell us women are more likely to suffer from painful conditions like fibromyalgia and migraines. Why are women more likely than men to become addicted? Women are prescribed pain medications more commonly than men and ', 'treatment for the chronic pain syndrome  fibromyalgia . And later in the show HPV in men may be new treat. on the horizon for  fibromyalgia . A syndrome characterized by muscle seems to be showing some promise for  fibromyalgia . Tell us about the new study. Well ', 'show could there be a new treatment for the chronic pain syndrome fibromyalgia . And later in the show HPV in men with both genders need to know all that coming up right now -- this ', 'moment. There may be -- new treat. -- on the horizon for fibromyalgia . A syndrome characterized by muscle joint or bone pain and fatigue. Joining us to tell us about this is doctor John Russell ', "pain of shingles and it seems to be showing some promise for fibromyalgia . Tell us about the new study. Well this study that we've presented here at the American so say academy of neurology. Shows that people with fibromyalgia experience a substantial reduction in their pain. By taking this medication. In this study they are one of the measures was a ", 'Joan I have chronic pain from  fibromyalgia . And I wonder if you could talk about the fatigue component have  fibromyalgia . I wonder if there are ways to rather than convenient way I Joan.  Fibromyalgia  is. A difficult condition in ', 'Hello my name is Joan I have chronic pain from fibromyalgia . And I wonder if you could talk about the fatigue component have fibromyalgia . I wonder if there are ways to mitigate the fatigue rather than convenient way I Joan. Fibromyalgia is. A difficult condition in part because it has so many difficult symptoms. Fatigue being a very important one. The fatigue probably occurs for several different reasons. And so it is important to think about whether or not the fatigue is a primary manifestation of fibromyalgia . From what -- it is that causes that condition for example. Elevated level society kinds are inflammatory mediators in the body that. ', 'about the 51. Consideration is. Am -- getting. The appropriate treatment for fibromyalgia . And -- on medications. That will. Treat that condition. And help the pain and that He five -- The second thing to ', 'those medicines should be discontinued or changed. And then finally patients with fibromyalgia have lots of trouble maintaining their activity level and their fitness. And that plays into -- team in a vicious cycle making ', 'as Ibuprofen. Can help the pain of  fibromyalgia . Babylon is a drug which used to be approved by the FDA to treat the pain of  fibromyalgia . In fact other seizure medications been very successfully used to treat  fibromyalgia  pain. Some of the older antidepressants ', "Over the counter painkillers such as Ibuprofen. Can help the pain of fibromyalgia . -- Babylon is a drug which used to be used only to treat seizures but has recently been approved by the FDA to treat the pain of fibromyalgia . In fact other seizure medications and even medications used to treat Parkinson's disease. Have been very successfully used to treat fibromyalgia pain. Some of the older antidepressants have been used for quite a long time to treat this disease. And some of the newer anti depressant drugs hold a lot of promise in this area. Other drugs which may be helpful. In Q -- muscle relaxant and also to excrement -- which is an active ingredient in many concerts. Even active ingredient in marijuana has been used to treat the pain of fibromyalgia . There's also some non drug treatments moderate exercise can be very useful. But first -- fibromyalgia need to be careful not to increase exercise too soon. Because this can actually exacerbate the pain in this type of patient. ", 'approaches to treating the pain of  fibromyalgia . Have been try. Avoiding sodium glutamate sugar had helped treat the pain of  fibromyalgia . Nutritional supplementation with have also been successfully used. And  fibromyalgia  is one of the painful conditions which ', 'Several dietary approaches to treating the pain of fibromyalgia . Have been try. Avoiding -- sodium glutamate. Which is an additive in many many foods. And increasing the intake of sugar had helped treat the pain of fibromyalgia . Nutritional supplementation with vitamin such as folic acid. And the use of herbs such as gain -- Obama have also been successfully used. And fibromyalgia is one of the painful conditions which is best treated by massage and acupuncture. Many sufferers -- fibromyalgia swear by a holistic approach to treating the pain of this disease. Which includes managing levels of stress activity. And diet. ', "Fibromyalgia . Is a chronic condition which affects joints and muscles and also to touch.  Fibromyalgia  sufferers also complain of moderate disturbances and the I'm not symptom of  fibromyalgia . a lack of mental alertness or sort ", "Fibromyalgia . Is a chronic condition which affects three to 6%. Of the population. And is characterized by widespread pain in the bones joints and muscles and also -- -- -- to touch. Fibromyalgia sufferers also complain of moderate to severe sleep disturbances and the -- I'm not symptom of fibromyalgia . -- a lack of mental alertness or sort of brain -- sometimes called -- -- bought. Which could include symptoms such as ", 'Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Is that occurs much less commonly than  fibromyalgia . Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome may suffer from the same type of penny patients with  fibromyalgia . The hallmark of this disease is severe exhaustion both mental ', "Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Is -- -- that occurs much less commonly than fibromyalgia . Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome may suffer from the same type of penny -- -- patients with fibromyalgia . The hallmark of this disease is severe exhaustion both mental and physical which -- I'm relieved by rest. Also in order to "]