["The LADY'S FIRST design hotel is housed in an elegant building dating back to the 19th century, boasting an ideal location in the heart of the Seefeld district, a quiet and attractive part of Zurich.The building was carefully renovated by the famous arc......  hotel details", 'The charming hotel Altstadt welcomes both leisure and business travellers in the Old Town of Zurich. Centrally located and yet very quiet, the Altstadt hotel offers guests the opportunity to experience the town of Zurich first hand or to simply relax in......  hotel details', 'Located in the city center, St Gotthard Hotel is a hotel in the area of Old Town, Zurich. There are many great attractions nearby, including Swiss National Museum, Fraumuenster, Bahnhofstrasse and Zurich Zoological Garden. Also close by are Lindenhof an......  hotel details', "The recently refurbished hotel Rothaus enjoys a convenient location in the entertainment district of Zurich, surrounded by plenty of small shops, inviting restaurants, and nightclubs. The hotel is only 10 minutes away on foot from Zurich's main train st......  hotel details", 'The Sorell Hotel Seidenhof is situated in the centre of the business and banking district in Zurich. The property has good public transport connections, and there are also three parking garages close by.    Additional services provided by the hotel incl......  hotel details', 'If you are looking for pet-friendly hotels in Zurich located near a shopping district, check out Bristol Hotel offering a complimentary breakfast to all its guests. There are many great attractions nearby, including Swiss National Museum, Fraumuenster, ......  hotel details', 'Located in the city center, Hotel Sternen Oerlikon is a hotel in the area of Oerlikon, Zurich. There are many great attractions nearby, including Swiss National Museum, Zurich Zoological Garden, Shopping Center Glatt and Fraumuenster. Also close by are ......  hotel details', 'Our USP, your benefit: Free W-LAN/LAN in all the rooms, 1 bottle of mineralwater in the room, free access to sauna & gym room, enjoy a free use of the Nespresso coffee machine in all the Business Rooms & Junior SuiteConveniently located in the business ......  hotel details', 'Searching the net for aparthotels in Zurich? Make sure you take a look at Hotel California House! There are many great attractions nearby, including Fraumuenster, Bahnhofstrasse, Zurich Zoological Garden and Swiss National Museum. Also close by are Kuns......  hotel details', 'Hotel Restaurant Helvetia is a 3-star Zurich city center hotel in the Langstrasse-area, under 500 meters from Haus Konstruktiv and SIX Swiss Exchange. Location of Hotel Restaurant HelvetiaIn addition to being near the metro/underground and near the trai......  hotel details', 'In the Niederdorf area of the city, under 500 meters from Zurich Zoological Museum and Lindenhof, Alexander Guesthouse is a cheap central Zurich hotel with free wifi. Location of Alexander GuesthouseIn addition to being near the train station and in an ......  hotel details', 'Venere Net S.r.l. Via della Camilluccia, 693 - 00135 Rome, Italy (single shareholder) ', 'Register of Companies of Rome (Italy), VAT and Tax Code No. 05649781001. Travel Agency License No. 305 of 05 April 2001 (Cyber Travel). Share capital: Euro 1,120,600.00 fully paid-in. Under the direction and coordination of Expedia.com Limited. ']