['pot-selling character, Andy Botwin. "Used to be a time when pot used to take away from my rent."  Elizabeth Perkins Elizabeth Perkins  openly says she is 100 percent pro-legalization. Perkins cleared the air with Zap2it saying , "I think ', 'Night Live" Kristin Wiig, "Saturday Night Live" Jane Krakowski, "30 Rock" Vanessa Williams, "Ugly Betty"  Elizabeth Perkins , "Weeds" Supporting Actress in a Drama Series Rose Byrne, "Damages" Sandra Oh, "Grey\'s Anatomy" Chandra ', 'I\'d still feel bad about skipping "Christine\'s" Emily Rutherfurd, "Men\'s" Holland Taylor, "Weeds\'"  Elizabeth Perkins  and "My Name Is Earl\'s" Jaime Pressly. Supporting actor, comedy Neil Patrick Harris, "How I Met Your Mother ', 'Office," Holland Taylor and Conchata Ferrell for "Two and a Half Men," Vanessa Williams for "Ugly Betty" and  Elizabeth Perkins  for "Weeds." And for their supporting roles in a drama series, William Shatner for "Boston Legal," T.R ', 'husband, Henry Sanchez. She drinks it at home and at work. "You hear the popping the top," her co-worker  Elizabeth Perkins  said. "You know when Amanda shows up to work. You can hear it in the Coke." Sanchez says that Diet Coke helps ', 'hear the popping the top, you know when Amanda shows up to work: You can hear it in the Coke," her co-worker  Elizabeth Perkins  said. Diet Coke and other diet sodas are hugely popular in the United States, with consumers spending $21 billion ', 'and they say it\'s time to put her divorce behind her. "Mate shopping?" she asks, when her sister, played by  Elizabeth Perkins , proposes online dating. "It\'s kind of like going online to buy a pair of pants," Perkins says, "except there\'s ', 'opposite the horror-comedy Scary Movie 2 this weekend Cats & Dogs, which combined live actors like Jeff Goldblum and  Elizabeth Perkins  and live animals with computer animation, earned about $22 million for the Friday to Sunday period, according to ', 'opposite the horror-comedy Scary Movie 2 this weekend Cats & Dogs, which combined live actors like Jeff Goldblum and  Elizabeth Perkins  and live animals with computer animation, earned about $22 million for the Friday to Sunday period, according to ', 'opposite the horror-comedy Scary Movie 2 this weekend Cats & Dogs, which combined live actors like Jeff Goldblum and  Elizabeth Perkins  and live animals with computer animation, earned about $22 million for the Friday to Sunday period, according to ', 'opposite the horror-comedy Scary Movie 2 this weekend Cats & Dogs, which combined live actors like Jeff Goldblum and  Elizabeth Perkins  and live animals with computer animation, earned about $22 million for the Friday to Sunday period, according to ', 'opposite the horror-comedy Scary Movie 2 this weekend Cats & Dogs, which combined live actors like Jeff Goldblum and  Elizabeth Perkins  and live animals with computer animation, earned about $22 million for the Friday to Sunday period, according to ', "by having fun playing the that would. Have a great time using cans of course means the she's just terrific and  Elizabeth Perkins  my wife and a lot of fun of playing a guy that's. Happy. That's happening and in a little changed there name ", "cans of course means the -- -- -- she's just terrific and Elizabeth Perkins my wife and -- a -- lot of fun -- of playing a guy that's. Happy. That's happening and in a little ", 'but want to ask you about the special episode of "grey\'s anatomy" about this kawasaki disease. I have to say,  elizabeth perkins  is my mom and it\'s a dream come true to work with her. I\'ve been obsessed with her and feel so lucky. The episode ', 'episode of "grey\'s anatomy" about this kawasaki disease. I have to say, elizabeth perkins is my mom and it\'s a dream come true to work with her. I\'ve been obsessed with her and feel so lucky. ']