["No plans for Fourth of July? Instead of fighting the crowds at the fireworks in your city, why not check into one of these rooms with a view? Travel site Trivago has come up with their picks for the top hotels for July 4th fireworks around the country -- eight hotels in all. Nowhere near one of these cities? It's never too early to make your plans for next year.", 'You could stake out a spot with a few hundred thousand other holiday makers on the National Mall, or, said Trivago, you can book a stay at the  "stunning" W Washington D.C. and take advantage of the hotel\'s Boom with a View package. Book a Mall-facing room or simply head up to the rooftop lounge to watch the action while enjoying live music, dancing and cocktail specials.G. Widman/visitphilly.comFour Seasons Hotel Philadelphia', 'You\'ll get a "tip-top view of the action," from the family-friendly, luxury Four Seasons Hotel in America\'s birth city. What kind of action is going on in Philly on the Fourth? There\'s what\'s being billed as the "Largest Free Concert" in the country featuring John Mayer, Neo, Grace Potter, Demo Lovato, and The Roots, live. Afterwards, cozy up for the fireworks that shoot dramatically over the Philadelphia Museum of Art.Courtesy Ink48Ink48, New York City', 'If you\'re headed to the Big Apple for the big July 4th celebration, Trivago recommends booking at Ink48 for "a spectacular view of the Macy\'s firework show above the masses." The Let Freedom Ring package comes with access to the exquisite rooftop terrace, excellent views of the fireworks, open bar, dancing, and gourmet hors d\'oeuvres served until late.Courtesy Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli SquareFairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square, San Francisco', 'The 30-minute firework display shooting over San Francisco\'s beloved bay is a must-see on Independence Day.  "It\'s difficult to beat a bird\'s-eye viewing of the show at the Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square," said Trivago.  "Each residence at the hotel offers a dining room and kitchen, fireplace, stunning contemporary interiors, and a terrace with views that will surely make it difficult for any traveler not to fall in love with the city."Courtesy Fifteen BeaconFifteen Beacon, Boston', 'July 4th in Boston is a must-do for any red-blooded American. This year promises to be extra-special with the city celebrating the 40th annual Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular. You could fight the other 500,000 people expected to show up for a great view, or, take the more civilized approach and stay in a hotel with a great view.   "For a luxurious view of the Pops," said Trivago, "stay at the simultaneously classic and cutting edge Fifteen Beacon, with a breathtaking rooftop terrace and a Red, White and Beacon Hill Blue package offering guests champagne and desert for two, as well as an upgrade upon arrival."John BahuManchester Grand Hyatt, San Diego', 'Home to one of California\'s largest veteran communities, San Diego is famous for its Big Bay Boom 4th of July fireworks spectacle, drawing more than 850,000 people to the bay and piers along Imperial Beach, Pacific Beach and Ocean Beach.  "Lounge in one of the property\'s ocean-facing rooms, the Top of the Hyatt bar, or in the luxuriously designed pool area for an extraordinary view of San Diego\'s 4th of July fireworks," said Trivago.Courtesy The Ritz-Carlton ChicagoThe Ritz-Carlton Chicago', 'Chicago\'s Navy Pier is a favorite spot to view fireworks all summer long, and Independence Day is certainly no exception. "To catch a view of the fireworks above the fray," said Trivago, "we recommend a stay in the highly-rated Ritz-Carlton Chicago on the city\'s Magnificent Mile. The hotel houses the futuristic, majestically lit rooftop bar, where visitors can snatch up some of the best views of the city while sipping on artisan cocktails."Courtesy Borgata Hotel Casino & SpaBorgata Hotel Casino & Spa, Atlantic City, N.J.', 'Atlantic City plans to have 10,000 fireworks go off from four different locations this year as New Jersey continues to demonstrate that it\'s "Stronger than the Storm." Trivago recommends a stay at the Borgota, celebrating its 10th anniversary this year with a week of events.', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']