['tougher" pregnancies than boys do. Hyperemesis - the excessive nausea and vomiting that landed Kate in the hospital in her  first trimester  - is associated more often with girl babies, and I can attest to this experience with my daughter when I was pregnant too ', 'throughout her pregnancy, picking up her normal schedule after recovering from a severe bout of morning sickness in her  first trimester . The palace announced in April three new charities to which Duchess Kate would be devoting her time and said she would ', "directs its global health program. This is because the uterus is small enough to be protected by the pelvis during the  first trimester , but by the second trimester, Knight's belly would have been exposed. Then, when Castro allegedly punched her, she ", 'For example, in Week 16, the app says you should be doing kegel exercises and making a prenatal appointment for your  first trimester . Foods to Avoid When Pregnant, $0.99 for iPhone This app could not be more straightforward. Its name says it all ', 'abortion should be safe and legal for women up to at least the  first trimester . The decision was known as Roe v. Wade. Although the down. According to Guttmacher\'s most recent survey, a  first trimester  abortion cost $470 on average, Jones said. "If you adjust ', "December after Middleton was rushed to the hospital with hyperemesis gravidarum, a severe morning sickness, during her  first trimester . After Middleton's discharge from King Edward VII Hospital, the palace said she would be spending time at Kensington ", "be the heir to the British throne. The royal couple was forced to go public with the news of the pregnancy in Kate's  first trimester , after the duchess was admitted to a central London with hyperemesis gravidarum , an acute morning sickness which requires ", 'epidural. I was asking the security guard for an epidural." Fox said that while most of her pregnancy was perfect, her  first trimester  was filled with horrible morning sickness and - yikes! - the fear that the creature growing inside her might not even be ', 'requiring chemotherapy terminate their pregnancies in their  first trimester , "given the limitation of information about what generally the young woman was nine weeks\' pregnant, just as her  first trimester  was ending, in late July, Cabrera said. Speaking generally ', 'studies have found that chemotherapy treatment after the  first trimester  -- when most of the baby\'s critical growth occurs mother. "Ideally, you would avoid chemotherapy in the  first trimester  of pregnancy," Dr. Bernik said. "The thought is that ', 'high safety record, a tragedy such as this is devastating to loved ones and we offer our deepest sympathies." Unlike a  first - trimester  abortion, in which suction is used to remove uterine contents small enough to go through tubing, the cervical dilation ', 'prominent one." The 30-second clip strings together 3-D models of the developing face based on scans taken in the  first trimester . "It was a nightmare for structures like the nose and palate, which didn\'t exist for most of the animation," graphics ', 'recommended for another. "We don\'t know variables for each woman to be able to interpret it for her," she said. The  first trimester  is the riskiest time for expectant mothers to drink, Marion said. Alcohol can cause defects in the organs, which are ', "pregnancy. It and we're talking about high Paramus says switches some people remember that the Jack duchess did suffer in the  first trimester . Typically when it once that has passed healthy woman. At term which she is close or over her due date progress with a ", 'switches some people remember that the Jack duchess did suffer in the first trimester . Typically when it once that has passed healthy woman. At term which she is close or over her due date -- progress ', "My interest here as she on February 5. That's a long flight from London it makes much more sense that she was out of  first trimester  to take that flight and if she's due a little earlier she given out preposterous. Good point do we know what happens ", "London it makes much more sense that she was out of -- first trimester to take that flight and if she's due a little earlier she given out preposterous. Good point do we know what happens ", "that that people and NO ABC news I decided to take. Steps to sort of to stay Whitman her she is pregnant she's tough  first trimester  culture you know I think it was sort of just like you know But not all as he said not all pregnancies are created equal ", "of to stay Whitman -- her -- she is pregnant she's tough first trimester culture you know I think it was sort of just like you know -- But not all as he said not all ", "baby her house. think all right it is time it is cut and historic. Her rep confirmed that she is just about done with her  first trimester  she's pregnant with their first child he kind of let the the cat out of out of the hat He's going to be that is concert ", "historic. Her rep confirmed that she is just about done with her first trimester she's pregnant with their first child he -- kind of let the the cat out of out of the hat -- He's ", "treatment the duchess has received. Kate will be trying to recuperate at home. But this condition sometimes lasts through the  first trimester . And some mothers in the most difficult cases face symptoms throughout the pregnancy. If she's been hospitalized already ", "trying to recuperate at home. But this condition sometimes lasts through the first trimester . And some mothers in the most difficult cases face symptoms throughout the pregnancy. If she's been hospitalized already this early on in ", "now first it was Jennifer Aniston also hearing Beyonce. Yes we certainly are friend has told us that Beyonce is in her  first trimester . She's always said she wanted to have a baby by the time she was thirty and thirtieth birthday is right around the corner ", "we certainly are friend has told us that Beyonce is in her first trimester . She's always said she wanted to have a baby by the time she was thirty and -- thirtieth birthday is right around "]