['Mothers, Wives, Sisters and Daughters are Dying From Prescription Drug Overdoses', 'CDC reports the death rate from prescription drugs has increased among middle-aged women.', 'treatment for the chronic pain syndrome  fibromyalgia . And later in the show HPV in men may be new treat. on the horizon for  fibromyalgia . A syndrome characterized by muscle seems to be showing some promise for  fibromyalgia . Tell us about the new study. Well ', 'show could there be a new treatment for the chronic pain syndrome fibromyalgia . And later in the show HPV in men with both genders need to know all that coming up right now -- this ', 'moment. There may be -- new treat. -- on the horizon for fibromyalgia . A syndrome characterized by muscle joint or bone pain and fatigue. Joining us to tell us about this is doctor John Russell ', "pain of shingles and it seems to be showing some promise for fibromyalgia . Tell us about the new study. Well this study that we've presented here at the American so say academy of neurology. Shows that people with fibromyalgia experience a substantial reduction in their pain. By taking this medication. In this study they are one of the measures was a ", 'Joan I have chronic pain from  fibromyalgia . And I wonder if you could talk about the fatigue component have  fibromyalgia . I wonder if there are ways to rather than convenient way I Joan.  Fibromyalgia  is. A difficult condition in ', 'Hello my name is Joan I have chronic pain from fibromyalgia . And I wonder if you could talk about the fatigue component have fibromyalgia . I wonder if there are ways to mitigate the fatigue rather than convenient way I Joan. Fibromyalgia is. A difficult condition in part because it has so many difficult symptoms. Fatigue being a very important one. The fatigue probably occurs for several different reasons. And so it is important to think about whether or not the fatigue is a primary manifestation of fibromyalgia . From what -- it is that causes that condition for example. Elevated level society kinds are inflammatory mediators in the body that. ', 'about the 51. Consideration is. Am -- getting. The appropriate treatment for fibromyalgia . And -- on medications. That will. Treat that condition. And help the pain and that He five -- The second thing to ', 'those medicines should be discontinued or changed. And then finally patients with fibromyalgia have lots of trouble maintaining their activity level and their fitness. And that plays into -- team in a vicious cycle making ', 'as Ibuprofen. Can help the pain of  fibromyalgia . Babylon is a drug which used to be approved by the FDA to treat the pain of  fibromyalgia . In fact other seizure medications been very successfully used to treat  fibromyalgia  pain. Some of the older antidepressants ', "Over the counter painkillers such as Ibuprofen. Can help the pain of fibromyalgia . -- Babylon is a drug which used to be used only to treat seizures but has recently been approved by the FDA to treat the pain of fibromyalgia . In fact other seizure medications and even medications used to treat Parkinson's disease. Have been very successfully used to treat fibromyalgia pain. Some of the older antidepressants have been used for quite a long time to treat this disease. And some of the newer anti depressant drugs hold a lot of promise in this area. Other drugs which may be helpful. In Q -- muscle relaxant and also to excrement -- which is an active ingredient in many concerts. Even active ingredient in marijuana has been used to treat the pain of fibromyalgia . There's also some non drug treatments moderate exercise can be very useful. But first -- fibromyalgia need to be careful not to increase exercise too soon. Because this can actually exacerbate the pain in this type of patient. ", 'approaches to treating the pain of  fibromyalgia . Have been try. Avoiding sodium glutamate sugar had helped treat the pain of  fibromyalgia . Nutritional supplementation with have also been successfully used. And  fibromyalgia  is one of the painful conditions which ', 'Several dietary approaches to treating the pain of fibromyalgia . Have been try. Avoiding -- sodium glutamate. Which is an additive in many many foods. And increasing the intake of sugar had helped treat the pain of fibromyalgia . Nutritional supplementation with vitamin such as folic acid. And the use of herbs such as gain -- Obama have also been successfully used. And fibromyalgia is one of the painful conditions which is best treated by massage and acupuncture. Many sufferers -- fibromyalgia swear by a holistic approach to treating the pain of this disease. Which includes managing levels of stress activity. And diet. ', "Fibromyalgia . Is a chronic condition which affects joints and muscles and also to touch.  Fibromyalgia  sufferers also complain of moderate disturbances and the I'm not symptom of  fibromyalgia . a lack of mental alertness or sort ", "Fibromyalgia . Is a chronic condition which affects three to 6%. Of the population. And is characterized by widespread pain in the bones joints and muscles and also -- -- -- to touch. Fibromyalgia sufferers also complain of moderate to severe sleep disturbances and the -- I'm not symptom of fibromyalgia . -- a lack of mental alertness or sort of brain -- sometimes called -- -- bought. Which could include symptoms such as ", 'of these areas may prove to relieve the pain of syndrome. The big differences between pain syndrome and  fibromyalgia . Is  fibromyalgia  is a widespread disease and patients often experience pain in both sides of the and above and below the waist ', '-- -- syndrome. The big differences between -- -- pain syndrome and fibromyalgia . Is -- fibromyalgia is a widespread disease and patients often experience pain in both sides of the -- and above and below the waist. Whereas ', 'Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Is that occurs much less commonly than  fibromyalgia . Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome may suffer from the same type of penny patients with  fibromyalgia . The hallmark of this disease is severe exhaustion both mental ', "Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Is -- -- that occurs much less commonly than fibromyalgia . Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome may suffer from the same type of penny -- -- patients with fibromyalgia . The hallmark of this disease is severe exhaustion both mental and physical which -- I'm relieved by rest. Also in order to ", 'exertion and increased levels of stress can bring on the pain of  fibromyalgia . changes in barometric pressure and humidity. So boy excessive pressure are fairly constant can help minimize your risk of developing  fibromyalgia .', 'exertion and increased levels of stress can bring on the pain of fibromyalgia . -- -- changes in barometric pressure and humidity. So -- boy excessive exertion and minimizing stress. And also living in an area where -- humidity -- barometric pressure are fairly constant can help minimize your risk of developing fibromyalgia . ', 'Fibromyalgia . Is a mysterious condition that causes study first tell us if you would what  fibromyalgia . Is exactly. is a chronic pain syndrome to make this specific diagnosis of  fibromyalgia . There are nine pairs of trigger point ', "Fibromyalgia . Is a mysterious condition that causes exhaustion and chronic sometimes debilitating pain. About six million people in the US are affected by it but a recent study offers some hope. After finding that short bursts of physical activity may reduce some of the symptoms. Learn more about it I'm joined once again by doctor -- -- more editor in chief of women's health but -- doctor Margaret to see you again likewise is so -- get into the study first tell us if you would what fibromyalgia . Is exactly. -- is a chronic pain syndrome. Which means that it's accompanied by a whole cluster of signs and symptoms it's ", 'still confused about. First of -- to make this specific diagnosis of fibromyalgia . There are nine pairs of trigger point on both area on both sides of the body. They have very specific maps and ', 'is just depression. However the doses as antidepressant medication that worked for fibromyalgia are about ten to fifteen times less than that dosage He would need to effectively. Treat depression. The other good news is there -- three relatively new prescription medicine specifically FDA approved. To treat fibromyalgia . And they work very well in some patients OK in some patients and not so well another patient -- is a life ', "fifty Americans are estimated to have  fibromyalgia . According to the American College so why don't we start by what is  fibromyalgia  because I think it such a large number fascinating about this is 16 people with  fibromyalgia . Are actually under the age of eighteen ", "Approximately wine in fifty Americans are estimated to have fibromyalgia . According to the American College of Rheumatology. That's two to 4% of the population. The disease predominantly affects women but it's generally not well and -- -- it. -- joining us to explain more as doctor Donna Moore author of woman's health for life thanks so much for joining and I got -- so why don't we start by what is fibromyalgia because I think it -- such a large number of people and yet so little understood it well understood by the medical ", 'bodies. But what I found fascinating about this is 16 people with fibromyalgia . Are actually under the age of eighteen wow and then we also see tremendous increase in older Americans over -- ED. That ', "risk of suicide was more than three times greater. In women with fibromyalgia . And women you don't count that. The other thing was the increased risk of fatal accidents. Of course it was through that ", "Fibromyalgia . Afflicts millions of Americans most of them women. Patients report findings but they say work. Suggests yoga could give some relief. To  fibromyalgia . Suffer. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson.", 'Fibromyalgia . Afflicts millions of Americans most of them women. Patients report pain and fatigue and they are usually sensitive to simple touch. Treatment includes drugs exercise -- counseling but they are often hitter -- -- that he finds new promise in a very old practice namely yoga. Researchers wanted to know if yoga could reduce pain and improve mobility. Without medication. 25 women went through -- yoga program including light stretching meditation and ', "but they say -- work. Suggests yoga could give some relief. To fibromyalgia . Suffer. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. ", "complicated growing problem labeled  fibromyalgia . What is it. What should we do about Warfield answer some of your questions.  Fibromyalgia . Is a chronic condition which affects and fatigue. I'm not a symptom of  fibromyalgia . Is a lack of mental alertness or ", "we're going to take a look at the complicated growing problem labeled fibromyalgia . What is it. What should we do about it doctor Carol Warfield answer some of your questions. Fibromyalgia . Is a chronic condition which affects three to 6%. Of the population. And is characterized by widespread pain in the bones joints and muscles and also tenderness to touch. Mild to sufferers also complain of moderate to severe sleep disturbances and fatigue. I'm not a symptom of fibromyalgia . Is a lack of mental alertness or sort of brain fog sometimes called -- Earl -- Which could include symptoms such as decreased ability to concentrate. And also short term memory loss it's fibromyalgia can. But is not always the result of some sort on the like a traffic accident disease or surgery. However more recent studies on twins indicate that there -- some genetic predisposition. To getting fibromyalgia . About nine times as many women as men develop fibromyalgia . And it's also increased by stress. So if you're a woman between the ages of twenty and fifty and have some winning your family with fibromyalgia . You're at increased risk. Excessive physical exertion and increased levels of stress can bring on the pain fibromyalgia . It can changes in barometric pressure and humidity. -- excessive exertion and minimizing stress. And -- living in an area where -- humidity and barometric pressure are fairly constant can help minimize your risk of developing fibromyalgia . The counter painkillers such as Ibuprofen. Can help the pain fibromyalgia . -- -- is a drug which used to be used only to treat seizures but has recently been approved by the FDA to treat the pain fibromyalgia . In fact other seizure medications and even medications used to treat Parkinson's disease. Have been very successfully used to treat fibromyalgia -- Some of the older antidepressants have been used for quite a long time to treat this disease. And some of the newer anti depressant drugs hold a lot of promise in this area. Other drugs which may be helpful. In Q -- muscle relaxant. And also text from -- BM which is an active ingredient in many concerts. Even any active ingredient in marijuana has been used to treat the pain fibromyalgia . -- -- some non drug treatments moderate exercise can be very useful. But first of fibromyalgia need to be careful not to increase exercise too soon. Because this can actually exacerbate the pain in this type of patient. Psychological and behavioral therapies such as biofeedback. Have also been useful in treating. Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. His condition that occurs much less commonly been fibromyalgia . Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome may suffer from the same type of penny -- patients with fibromyalgia . But the hallmark of this disease is severe exhaustion. Both mental and physical which is I'm relieved by rest. Also in order to make the diagnosis of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome you need to have -- these symptoms or at least six months. And you need to have ruled out other possible causes. Several dietary approaches to treating the pain of fibromyalgia . Have been tried. Avoiding -- sodium glutamate. Which is an additive in many many foods. And increasing the intake of sugar can't help treat the -- of fibromyalgia . Nutritional supplementation with vitamin such as folic acid. And the use of herbs such as -- -- but have also been successfully used. And fibromyalgia is one of the painful conditions. Which is best treated by massage and acupuncture. Many sufferers of fibromyalgia swear by a holistic approach to treating the pain of this disease. Which includes managing levels of stress activity. And diet. That's ", "We're going to focus on one of them  fibromyalgia . It's estimated that three to six here to answer some of your question.  Fibromyalgia . Is a chronic condition which affects muscles and also tenderness to touch.  Fibromyalgia  sufferers also complain of moderate ", "We're going to focus on one of them fibromyalgia . It's estimated that three to six million Americans suffer from this condition. And leading paint expert doctor Carol Warfield is here to answer some of your question. Fibromyalgia . Is a chronic condition which affects three to 6%. Of the population. And is characterized by widespread pain in the bones joints and muscles and also tenderness to touch. Fibromyalgia sufferers also complain of moderate to severe sleep disturbances and the -- Another symptom of fibromyalgia . It's a lack of mental alertness or sort of brain fog sometimes called fiber Earl -- Which concludes symptoms such as decreased ability to concentrate. And also short term memory loss it's. Excessive physical exertion and increased levels of stress can bring on the pain of fibromyalgia . As can changes in barometric pressure and humidity. So avoiding excessive exertion. And minimizing stress. And muscle living in an area where the humidity and barometric pressure are fairly constant can help minimize your risk of developing. Fibromyalgia . Over the counter painkillers such as Ibuprofen. Can help the pain fibromyalgia . -- Babylon is a drug which used to be used only to treat seizures but has recently been approved by the FDA to treat the pain of fibromyalgia . In fact other seizure medications and even medications used to treat Parkinson's disease. Have been very successfully used to treat fibromyalgia -- Some of the older antidepressants have been used for quite a long time to treat this disease. And some of the newer anti depressant drugs hold a lot of promise in this area other drugs which may be helpful. In Q -- muscle relaxant. And also text from a 4 PM which is an active ingredient in many cough syrups. Even any active ingredient in marijuana has been used to treat the pain of fibromyalgia . Several dietary approaches to treating the pain of fibromyalgia . Have been tried avoiding model sodium glutamate. Which is an additive in many many foods. And decreasing the intake of sugar can't help treat the pace of fibromyalgia . Nutritional supplementation with vitamin such as folic acid. And the use of herbs such as -- -- Have also been successfully used. And fibromyalgia is one of the painful conditions which is best treated by massage and acupuncture. My name is Kelly stand around 39 years old and I live with chronic pain due to fibromyalgia . I've been living with chronic me for about four years now. I tried everything before the massage therapy. Physical therapy -- tried ", "Fibromyalgia  is a condition that causes chronic Christiane. Just fine. So Doug on what is  fibromyalgia . day will question to get started what's away. those patients treat  fibromyalgia . That let me just quickly say that ", "Fibromyalgia is a condition that causes chronic pain of unknown origin as many as ten million people suffer from the disorder. However this figures are questionable since a lot of doctors say the disease does not even exist. Today we'll look at both sides of this mysterious disease what is some doctors say it exists and some don't for patients that do have it how is it treated. Here today to give us an insight on this condition is doctor Ricardo -- -- -- The vice chair of the department of pain management at Beth Israel Medical Center ", "welcome doctor Christiane. Just fine. So Doug -- on -- what is fibromyalgia . -- -- day -- will question to get started and I come from to -- world so I'd like to the finance ", "no -- -- -- -- like what's away. -- those patients treat fibromyalgia . That let me just quickly say that in the patients that they have creating intense and have you seen -- and he's he's more easy to come up -- -- they have -- Right invitations went missing from some most subtle and then he might be -- will be more difficult. -- to go to your question fibromyalgia that we that we approach is easily a variety of strategies. From non pharmacology to pharmacological strategies. They're not -- my apology ", 'Fibromyalgia  is a chronic disorder characterized sleeping. Doctors have been puzzled by  fibromyalgia  because no one has yet to determine the first medication specifically for  fibromyalgia . painkiller marketed under the Erica ', "Fibromyalgia is a chronic disorder characterized by widespread muscle pain fatigue and trouble sleeping. Doctors have been puzzled by fibromyalgia because no one has yet to determine the precise cause of the disease. The condition primarily affects women and it's typically been treated with anti depressants muscle relaxant and pain pills. But yesterday the US Food and Drug Administration. Approved the first medication specifically for fibromyalgia . -- painkiller marketed under the -- -- Erica is already approved to treat other types of pain such as they are -- from diabetes. Or the rational and as shingles in clinical trials 85% of patients with fibromyalgia who took clear cut. Had their -- cut by at least half. Furthermore those who responded to -- -- were twice as ", "developed a complication called post her attic. Which is as painful as it sounds. Which is that in an ongoing  chronic pain condition  the good news is there medicines now it's one Madison to treat backed. There also are anti viral medicines ", "is as painful as it sounds. Which is that in an ongoing chronic pain condition the good news is there -- medicines now -- it's one Madison to treat backed. There also are anti viral medicines which ", 'a difference of one degrees Celsius is considered significant. The test may be used to in evaluating patients who suffer from a  chronic pain condition  called complex regional pain syndrome. Also known as reflex sympathetic dystrophy.', 'test may be used to in evaluating patients who suffer from a chronic pain condition called complex regional pain syndrome. Also known as reflex sympathetic dystrophy. ', "for your  fibromyalgia  pain. Reporter: Waseem daker is finally on trial for a brutal attack on a 5-year-old boy and the murder of the boy's mother ", "for your fibromyalgia pain. Reporter: Waseem daker is finally on trial for a brutal attack on a 5-year-old boy and the murder of the boy's "]