['Good Girls." The 18-year-old actress has her first nude scene ever in the film, which she stars in alongside  Elizabeth Olsen  and Boyd Holbrook. "I\'ve never done that before and I\'m very newly allowed to do that," she told MTV News ', 'for Chastain: "The Wettest Country in the World," a Prohibition-era drama slated for release later this year.  Elizabeth Olsen  After her breakout performance in "Martha Marcy May Marlene," the most buzzed about movie at the 2011 Sundance ', "film, which is based on a novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs and is screening in 3D. Rated PG-13. - Silent House :  Elizabeth Olsen  plays a woman trapped inside her family's isolated lake house. Rated R.- - A Thousand Words : Eddie Murphy is ", 'James Mardsen. Also of note: "Liberal Arts," starring "How I Met Your Mother\'s" Josh Radnor and indie darling  Elizabeth Olsen . Many other Hollywood heavyweights are bound for Park City, including Catherine Zeta-Jones, Ben Stiller, Adrian ', 'than the average snowbank or slush puddle (hard as that may be to believe). Even before jetting out of Park City,  Elizabeth Olsen  (the younger sis of the famous Oslen twins) scored "It girl" status for her roles in "Martha Marcy May Marlene ', 'ABCNews.com at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival:  Elizabeth Olsen  (star of "Martha Macy May Marlene," "Silent House all I ever wanted to do was act -- be an actor."  Elizabeth Olsen . Actress/SPiN founder Susan Sarandon on ping pong ', "being the Elizabeth in the clothing line, Elizabeth and James. But in the next year, we will be getting to know  Elizabeth Olsen , the younger sister of Mary-Kate and Ashley , much better because, well, she's made more movies recently than ", "With two buzz-worthy films premiering at this week's Sundance Film Festival, 21-year-old  Elizabeth Olsen , the younger sister of famous twins Mary Kate and Ashley, is finally stepping into the limelight where her sisters have spent ", 'of burying his head in the books and not really engaging in life. But then, he meets this wonder of a girl. And  elizabeth olsen  is amazing. They are drawn to each other. And sent him into a tail spin. I have to ask you, what do you have against ', 'in life. But then, he meets this wonder of a girl. And elizabeth olsen is amazing. They are drawn to each other. And sent him into a tail spin. I have to ask you, what do ', "include. Blake lively ads to young Samantha back panel Robert Dunn Miranda Selena Gomez rather young Charlotte and  Elizabeth Olsen  she is the sister. The Olsen Twins. We'll she's under consideration for the role of period with a cast like ", "Samantha back panel Robert Dunn Miranda Selena Gomez rather young Charlotte and Elizabeth Olsen she is the sister. The Olsen Twins. We'll she's under consideration for the role of period with a cast like I -- "]