["who is genetically predisposed to celiac eats gluten. Women are more likely to suffer from celiac. So are people with  type 1 diabetes , Down syndrome, Turner syndrome, autoimmune thyroid disease and Sjogren's syndrome. It's more common in Caucasians ", "of those employees were the CEO of the airline. But it was the CEO in the case of the mother of a 12-year-old with  type 1 diabetes  earlier this month, according to a Facebook post. Richard Anderson, Delta's CEO, gave up his seat on an oversold flight ", 'gotten to a cure" for  Type 1 diabetes , the variety also known as  juvenile diabetes  because most patients with a severe case of  Type 1 diabetes  will be elegible. Ricordi come up with a cure for  Type 1 diabetes , but he is optimistic ', 'dual diagnosis of  type 1 diabetes  and an eating disorder diagnosed with  type 1 diabetes  at age 11, she According to the  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation , 30,000 Americans adolescent girls with  type 1 diabetes  were 2.4 times ', 'She also starred in various TV movies, appeared on "That \'70s Show" and continued to support animal rights and  juvenile diabetes . Valerie Harper/Rhoda Morgenstern Harper played Mary\'s best friend Rhoda, a shoot-from-the-hip, loud-mouthed ', 'Pig whipworm clinical trials are also planned or underway for ulcerative colitis, multiple sclerosis, psoriasis and  type 1 diabetes , all of which are thought to arise from an over-active immune system. "The public-hygiene measures and vaccine programs ', 'Gafvert is seen telling the arresting officer she has  Type 1 diabetes . She was diagnosed with the condition shortly before the the evening, according to the police report. "I have  Type 1 diabetes . My blood sugar is really low, and I\'m just trying to ', 'New research is reheating the debate on bisphenol A , a chemical banned from baby bottles that can still be found in other food and drink containers . The new study found children and teens exposed to high levels of bisphenol A, or BPA, were more likely to be obese . "Clearly bad diet and lack of', 'It\'s so deceptive that it\'s really kind of funny. But it ain\'t funny if you\'re a mother whose child has  juvenile diabetes ," said Barrett. "It\'s a crime to misbrand food in that way, so we want them to quit selling it and pay everyone ', 'of relief for our family." -- Ariane DeVogue Elaine Cornett Elaine Cornett feels the same relief. Her daughter has  type one diabetes . Although they currently have health insurance they were worried for their future. "If the entire health care law is ', 'Briana Johnson was 8 years old when her doctor tested her for diabetes . "My camp counselor said it would be a good idea, since I was always using the bathroom, always thirsty," said Johnson, recalling the last summer she could eat popsicles or drink juice just to keep cool. With a simple blood', 'A combination of the diabetes staple drug metformin plus Avandia is best at controlling blood sugar in children and adolescents with type 2 diabetes , researchers found. The combination was superior to monotherapy with metformin, even though the use of Avandia has fallen off in the U.S. and Europe', "valuable way to test for the risk of certain diseases that have definite genetic links, such as Alzheimer's disease or  type 1 diabetes . But for many diseases, for example cancer, which are shaped by a symphony of genetic, environmental and behavioral ", 'progression. Of new onset  type one diabetes . Even more recently that  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation . Announced state For treatment of  type one diabetes . The hope is that a method to cure  type one diabetes .', "therapies. To try to reverse. War halt the progression. Of new onset type one diabetes . Even more recently that Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation . Announced state cooperative effort. -- a -- -- stem cell company. And the goal of that research is to use these cells that have been very much studied for other autoimmune diseases. For treatment of type one diabetes . The hope is that in people -- new onset diabetes. These cells will -- into the pancreas and modified the immune response where there is information. And an overactive immune response. We won't know the answer to these interesting studies for. More than two years. But we believed or on the right track. -- and actually. Using auto immunity as a method to cure type one diabetes . ", 'teaming up with the  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation  to raise awareness the kids with  type one diabetes  to get the that exactly. What is  type one diabetes  what happens to the body. So  type one diabetes  is a chronic ', 'trying to meet with kids and parents and especially the kids with type one diabetes to get the -- that. Control your diabetes was injured. And so now you have it obviously under controlling -- this amazingly ', "them -- that's great that's and after -- interpret exactly. What is type one diabetes what happens to the body. So type one diabetes is a chronic disease and it is off to new. So that means that the body itself the immune system attacks the pancreas and the misses the -- produces incidents. Incidents required honest to supply. What -- does this that it helps the group goes to be converted into energy and the body. And what was the symptoms of type one diabetes look like so the symptoms can be BB sometimes hard to recognize their flu like symptoms and then. And children especially. If ", "-- childless. Very bright eyes and he is their genetic component to type one diabetes . So so type on it because we still don't know about the -- costs of the -- but there is a genetic ", 'preventive measures for  type one diabetes  in children and the course of  type one diabetes  for those who Association. And the  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation . Looking at cardiovascular children with  type one diabetes . Most people ', "a large NIH funded multi center trial looking for preventive measures for type one diabetes in children and adolescents. In addition even there -- -- came remembers. We screened in this study over a 100000. People across the country. And we're trying national agents to see if we can change the course of type one diabetes for those who are -- to develop it. Where those who have recently developed it. In fact -- studies is even looking ", "we've had both funded study from the American Diabetes Association. And the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation . Looking at cardiovascular risk factors in children with type one diabetes . Most people -- type one diabetes diet cardiovascular disease. In adulthood we're trying to determine whether we can do something. In our teenagers and our young adults to really change the course of the outcome of type one diabetes . So we're looking at all aspects. In both type one and type two diabetes in use and we're really hoping to make ", 'York City chapter of the  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation  and the mother. A 23 year old sons who grew up with  type one diabetes  and finally. The reigning control the blood sugar. And  type one diabetes  is an autoimmune process ', 'Schmidt the former president of the New York City chapter of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and the mother. A 23 year old sons who grew up with type one diabetes and finally. The reigning miss black USA -- -- Alan Harris who at fourteen was diagnosed with diabetes and makes it. Part ', 'disorder where the body can no longer control the blood sugar. And type one diabetes is an autoimmune process where the body mistakenly thinks that its own pancreas is foreign and creates antibodies leading to destruction of ', 'insulin to regenerate. In  type one diabetes  there is complete destruction future will be able to cure  type one diabetes . By giving somebody stem that as we discussed in  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation  which is really dedicated ', "is in. Getting the beta cells which make insulin to regenerate. In type one diabetes there is complete destruction of beta cells -- and type two it's about 50%. But there is evidence that the the body ", "is there hopefully soon in the future will be able to cure type one diabetes . By giving somebody stem cells that can actually go -- to become a pancreas again and starts to creating insulin so it's ", 'on chromosome number six are involved in  type one diabetes  sometimes called  juvenile diabetes . The area on chromosome six contains many Suggesting the new genes are a common trigger in  type one diabetes . Doctors say these two genes provide new ', 'new study reveals the jeans on chromosome number six are involved in type one diabetes sometimes called juvenile diabetes . The area on chromosome six contains many genes that are involved in malfunction of the immune system including juvenile diabetes . In a new study scientists analyzed 850. Sibling pairs from the US and Great Britain to compare the genes of affected siblings ', "topic that is close to her heart.  Type one diabetes  thanks so much for joining us it's mention is ABC parent company involving  type one diabetes  tell us what that campaign is about parents of those that have children with  type one diabetes . And we want to do it right in and ", "us today to discuss the topic that is close to her heart. Type one diabetes -- thanks so much for joining us it's great to have you. So you working on new initiative. With Disney which we should mention is ABC -- parent company involving type one diabetes tell us what that campaign is about. I'd love to Stephanie thanks for having me on today. What's really collaboration between Lilly diabetes. I Disney online and Disney publishing worldwide and today is the launch of a contest entitled once upon a time contest. And active participants can enter at once upon a time contest dot com. Family members of and caregivers parents of those that have children with type one diabetes . And we want to do it right in and share their story out of inspiration in any type of written form whether He would homeland or even a song lyric if daylight -- that there -- -- that. And that it's just really great way to express yourself and share your personal story. So while home on or any type of of written piece of ballots as somebody that they that they care about that has type one diabetes and somebody that you care about. -- -- -- He was diagnosed with type one diabetes when He was thirteenth. As a mom what went through your head when you heard that I. -- You know it's always ", "further clue. Who does have a child who's just been diagnosed with type one diabetes . And best advice for her. I I certainly don't feel like I know all the answers but I do wanna encourage all mothers and parents of of children with type one diabetes -- really. Just educate yourself be encouraged. This this collaboration is really a great resource I didn't have between these three companies "]