["Excitement builds as Kate Middleton remains in labor at St. Mary's Hospital in London.", "My interest here as she on February 5. That's a long flight from London it makes much more sense that she was out of  first trimester  to take that flight and if she's due a little earlier she given out preposterous. Good point do we know what happens ", "London it makes much more sense that she was out of -- first trimester to take that flight and if she's due a little earlier she given out preposterous. Good point do we know what happens ", "that that people and NO ABC news I decided to take. Steps to sort of to stay Whitman her she is pregnant she's tough  first trimester  culture you know I think it was sort of just like you know But not all as he said not all pregnancies are created equal ", "of to stay Whitman -- her -- she is pregnant she's tough first trimester culture you know I think it was sort of just like you know -- But not all as he said not all ", "baby her house. think all right it is time it is cut and historic. Her rep confirmed that she is just about done with her  first trimester  she's pregnant with their first child he kind of let the the cat out of out of the hat He's going to be that is concert ", "historic. Her rep confirmed that she is just about done with her first trimester she's pregnant with their first child he -- kind of let the the cat out of out of the hat -- He's ", "treatment the duchess has received. Kate will be trying to recuperate at home. But this condition sometimes lasts through the  first trimester . And some mothers in the most difficult cases face symptoms throughout the pregnancy. If she's been hospitalized already ", "trying to recuperate at home. But this condition sometimes lasts through the first trimester . And some mothers in the most difficult cases face symptoms throughout the pregnancy. If she's been hospitalized already this early on in ", "now first it was Jennifer Aniston also hearing Beyonce. Yes we certainly are friend has told us that Beyonce is in her  first trimester . She's always said she wanted to have a baby by the time she was thirty and thirtieth birthday is right around the corner ", "we certainly are friend has told us that Beyonce is in her first trimester . She's always said she wanted to have a baby by the time she was thirty and -- thirtieth birthday is right around ", "to ferret out whether it's a good study or it's just a bunch of junk and there is a lot of junk out there is this the  first trimester  only throughout the entire crowd that this. Second trimester and third trimester that's it that's always been a known ", "and there is a lot of junk out there is this the first trimester -- only throughout the entire crowd that this. Second trimester and third trimester that's it that's always been a known now and ", 'economy took a turn for the worse. And another study in the journal of epidemiology found that women who were in their  first trimester  of pregnancy during unexpected periods of high unemployment. Tended to give birth to smaller than average babies. Here ', 'in the journal of epidemiology found that women who were in their first trimester of pregnancy during unexpected periods of high unemployment. Tended to give birth to smaller than average babies. Here to tell us more ', "wonders how hard react but apparently. Papa Lohan remains fertile was this TMZ showing the baby bump right and. she and her  first trimester  were well let's but at least Jason Kidd his mother's life sticking. and that drunk driving accident she says he would ", "-- TMZ showing the baby bump right and. -- she and her first trimester were well let's but at least Jason Kidd his mother's life sticking. -- and -- that drunk driving accident she says he ", "less than three months pregnancy had an of course she has yet to show any signs of the baby she's twenty she's in her  first trimester  and what does she do. She's a preschool teacher he knows that ballot thanks to TNT sports event photograph right very ", "show any signs of the baby -- she's twenty she's in her first trimester and what does she do. She's a preschool teacher he knows that -- -- ballot thanks to TNT sports event photograph right ", "who gain more weight during their  first trimester  of pregnancy. May be at greater risk weight gain. Especially during the  first trimester . It increases the risk what's the between weight gain and how much in the  first trimester  and Well it's interesting I think ", '-- new study has found women who gain more weight during their first trimester of pregnancy. May be at greater risk of developing gestation diabetes or high blood sugar levels while they are expecting. To learn ', "study suggests that if you have excessive weight gain. Especially during the first trimester . It increases the risk what's the connection between weight gain and how much in the first trimester and -- -- Well it's interesting I think that there have been more and more studies. Over the last five to ten ", 'fund that if you increase your weight too much just in the first trimester so early on in pregnancy in the first twelve weeks of pregnancy in fact. Those women were at a particularly high risk ', "on causing And you could even reduce harm even further by for example starting in the second trimester. Because in the  first trimester . That the organs forms so birth defects are much less likely to so there's also to strategies that can be done. To even ", "by for example starting in the second trimester. Because -- in the first trimester . That the organs forms so birth defects are much less likely to -- so there's also to strategies that can be done. ", "travel right. Usually women are most comfortable during the second trimester they're over some of an idea and queen the  first trimester  and they're not as big as they might be during that third trimester when you're a little bit more comfortable. So kept ", "second trimester they're over some of an idea and queen -- the first trimester and they're not as big as they might be during that third trimester when you're a little bit more comfortable. So kept ", "things that certainly didn't help him but maybe helps their marriages that she's pregnant you know she's sort of in her  first trimester  and I. Sure that was a factor although for him when that news came out I started just. And another drip that did not help ", "their marriages that she's pregnant you know she's sort of in her first trimester and I. Sure that was a factor although for him when that news came out I started just. And another drip that ", "who pregnant. She know when it's safe to run right. You said it perfectly you listen to you obviously if he would the  first trimester  here throwing up we have morning sickness. not the time to go if you've been active definitely keep on doing it. You're ", "said it perfectly you listen to you obviously if he would the first trimester here throwing up -- we have morning sickness. -- not the time to go -- if you've been active definitely keep on ", "to a half years but it wasn't something you're gonna for another couple years but. She got pregnant and she's our  first trimester  and they're very very that's amazing and and their friends are saying they're gonna make fantastic parents is that ", "-- for another couple years but. She got pregnant and she's our first trimester and they're very very -- that's amazing and and their friends are saying they're gonna make fantastic parents is that right yes ", "Funny captivating. childhood friend. Though there are some doctors who say that an occasional glass of wine after the  first trimester . Might be okay but the surgeon general warns that there is no known safe amount of alcohol. That you can drink while you're ", 'some doctors who say that an occasional glass of wine after the first trimester . Might be okay but the surgeon general warns that there is no known safe amount of alcohol. That you can drink while ', "deformity and heart defects. The damage is permanent. There are some doctors who say an occasional glass of wine after the  first trimester  may be okay. But the surgeon general warns there is no known safe from. Out of alcohol to drink while are actor isn't ", 'are some doctors who say an occasional glass of wine after the first trimester may be okay. But the surgeon general warns there is no known safe from. Out of alcohol to drink while -- -- ', "Whether or not the baby has how early in pregnancy that this happened. This is in them in somewhere in the middle of the  first trimester . That this can happen. And the thing that was exciting about it right now the way that we tell for sure. There's a ", "happened. This is in them in somewhere in the middle of the first trimester . That this can happen. And the thing that was exciting about it right now the way that we tell for sure. There's "]