["in and out of the emergency room with the painful wound that wouldn't heal, doctors realized Copeland had  necrotizing fasciitis  and amputated her leg from the hip. Later, when her hands turned black, doctors amputated them, too. Copeland ", "in and out of the emergency room with the painful wound that wouldn't heal, doctors realized Copeland had  necrotizing fasciitis  and amputated her leg from the hip. Later, when her hands turned black, doctors amputated them, too. Copeland ", "in and out of the emergency room with the painful wound that wouldn't heal, doctors realized Copeland had  necrotizing fasciitis  and amputated her leg from the hip. Later, when her hands turned black, doctors amputated them, too. Copeland ", 'from performing after contracting  necrotizing fasciitis , commonly called the "flesh-eating and doctors diagnosed him with  necrotizing fasciitis . The disease is a bacterial infection can do it," said Schaffner of  necrotizing fasciitis . "It\'s often an injury that ', 'in 2011 for the Ackleys, high school sweethearts who had been married for 24 years. Linda Ackley contracted  necrotizing fasciitis , a bacterial infection that attacks soft tissue. After spending a week in a coma, doctors had to remove some ', 'An Oregon teen has lost both her legs to a mysterious infection , leaving doctors searching for answers. Tabitha Schulke, an 18-year-old woman who wanted to devote her future to helping others as a missionary, is now fighting for her life in the critical care unit of a Portland Hospital. The teen', 'being in and out of the emergency room with the painful wound that wouldn\'t heal, doctors realized she had  necrotizing fasciitis  and amputated her leg from the hip. Watch Josh Elliott\'s interview with Aimee Copeland on "Good Morning ', "being in and out of the emergency room with a painful wound that wouldn't heal, doctors realized she had  necrotizing fasciitis  and amputated her leg from the hip. Copeland's recovery was touch and go. When she lost her pulse, doctors ", 'life against the same, rare  flesh - eating disease  that nearly killed Georgia after she was diagnosed with  necrotizing fasciitis , which is more commonly known as  flesh - eating bacteria syndrome . The quickly progressing ', 'Aimee Copeland, the Georgia student who lost her left leg, right foot and hands to  flesh - eating disease  , helped design the addition to her childhood home known as "Aimee\'s wing." Copeland, 24, is living at an inpatient rehabilitation ', 'lost her left leg, right foot and hands to  flesh - eating disease  , will soon return home to a house redesigned her calf in a zip line accident and contracted  necrotizing fasciitis  . Over the next six weeks, she will learn to ', "Aimee Copeland, the Georgia grad student who lost her left leg, right foot and hands to  flesh - eating disease  , has left the Augusta hospital that saved her life. It's been two months since Copeland cut open her calf in a fall from a ", 'Aimee Copeland, the Georgia student recovering from  flesh - eating disease , went outside for the first time in 49 days, her father wrote on his blog Monday. After several surgeries to remove her limbs ', "They won't have contracted a  flesh eating disease  being moved to a rehab facility 24 year old Amy Copeland spent the last two months in hospital. Doctors had to amputate her left ", "They won't have contracted a flesh eating disease -- being moved to a rehab facility 24 year old Amy Copeland spent the last two months in -- hospital. Doctors had ", "Aimee copeland, the young woman who has inspired so many with her brave battle against a krishs,  flesh - eating disease . Josh, you had a chance to sit down with her. And what a spirit. If you saw her on katie couric's new show ", "who has inspired so many with her brave battle against a krishs, flesh-eating disease . Josh, you had a chance to sit down with her. And what a spirit. If you saw her on katie couric's new ", 'Flesh-eating disease  survivor tells Katie Couric that she doesn\'t like being called "disabled."', 'College student readies to start a new life after courageous battle with  flesh-eating disease .', 'a simple bump on his left knee quickly morphed into a monstrous nightmare. Called net criticizing fascia ideas  flesh eating disease . Within days this strong and healthy 26 year old volunteer firefighter from east Was in a coma. He was probably ', 'knee quickly morphed into a monstrous nightmare. Called net criticizing fascia ideas flesh eating disease . Within days this strong and healthy 26 year old volunteer firefighter from east -- -- Was in a coma. He was probably ', 'and the whole country followed her journey, the 24-year-old woman who battled through that rare and random  flesh - eating disease  enduring surgeries that claimed her limbs. Well, today aimee copeland made her first appearance since losing ', 'her journey, the 24-year-old woman who battled through that rare and random flesh-eating disease enduring surgeries that claimed her limbs. Well, today aimee copeland made her first appearance since losing her hands and feet. She walked ', 'young woman who lived through her battle with that  flesh eating disease  tonight an amazing comeback. And the incredible old woman who battled through that rare and random  flesh eating disease  during surgeries. That claimed her to date Amy ', "survivor of a young woman who lived through her battle with that flesh eating disease tonight an amazing comeback. And the incredible shrinking products. Our supermarket solution. Show you all the -- you're paying the same price. ", 'the 24 year old woman who battled through that rare and random flesh eating disease -- during surgeries. That claimed her -- -- to date Amy Copeland made her first appearance since losing her hands and feet ']