['teaming up with the  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation  to raise awareness the kids with  type one diabetes  to get the that exactly. What is  type one diabetes  what happens to the body. So  type one diabetes  is a chronic ', 'trying to meet with kids and parents and especially the kids with type one diabetes to get the -- that. Control your diabetes was injured. And so now you have it obviously under controlling -- this amazingly ', "them -- that's great that's and after -- interpret exactly. What is type one diabetes what happens to the body. So type one diabetes is a chronic disease and it is off to new. So that means that the body itself the immune system attacks the pancreas and the misses the -- produces incidents. Incidents required honest to supply. What -- does this that it helps the group goes to be converted into energy and the body. And what was the symptoms of type one diabetes look like so the symptoms can be BB sometimes hard to recognize their flu like symptoms and then. And children especially. If ", "-- childless. Very bright eyes and he is their genetic component to type one diabetes . So so type on it because we still don't know about the -- costs of the -- but there is a genetic ", 'preventive measures for  type one diabetes  in children and the course of  type one diabetes  for those who Association. And the  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation . Looking at cardiovascular children with  type one diabetes . Most people ', "a large NIH funded multi center trial looking for preventive measures for type one diabetes in children and adolescents. In addition even there -- -- came remembers. We screened in this study over a 100000. People across the country. And we're trying national agents to see if we can change the course of type one diabetes for those who are -- to develop it. Where those who have recently developed it. In fact -- studies is even looking ", "we've had both funded study from the American Diabetes Association. And the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation . Looking at cardiovascular risk factors in children with type one diabetes . Most people -- type one diabetes diet cardiovascular disease. In adulthood we're trying to determine whether we can do something. In our teenagers and our young adults to really change the course of the outcome of type one diabetes . So we're looking at all aspects. In both type one and type two diabetes in use and we're really hoping to make ", 'York City chapter of the  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation  and the mother. A 23 year old sons who grew up with  type one diabetes  and finally. The reigning control the blood sugar. And  type one diabetes  is an autoimmune process ', 'Schmidt the former president of the New York City chapter of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and the mother. A 23 year old sons who grew up with type one diabetes and finally. The reigning miss black USA -- -- Alan Harris who at fourteen was diagnosed with diabetes and makes it. Part ', 'disorder where the body can no longer control the blood sugar. And type one diabetes is an autoimmune process where the body mistakenly thinks that its own pancreas is foreign and creates antibodies leading to destruction of ', 'insulin to regenerate. In  type one diabetes  there is complete destruction future will be able to cure  type one diabetes . By giving somebody stem that as we discussed in  Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation  which is really dedicated ', "is in. Getting the beta cells which make insulin to regenerate. In type one diabetes there is complete destruction of beta cells -- and type two it's about 50%. But there is evidence that the the body ", "is there hopefully soon in the future will be able to cure type one diabetes . By giving somebody stem cells that can actually go -- to become a pancreas again and starts to creating insulin so it's ", 'on chromosome number six are involved in  type one diabetes  sometimes called  juvenile diabetes . The area on chromosome six contains many Suggesting the new genes are a common trigger in  type one diabetes . Doctors say these two genes provide new ', 'new study reveals the jeans on chromosome number six are involved in type one diabetes sometimes called juvenile diabetes . The area on chromosome six contains many genes that are involved in malfunction of the immune system including juvenile diabetes . In a new study scientists analyzed 850. Sibling pairs from the US and Great Britain to compare the genes of affected siblings ', "topic that is close to her heart.  Type one diabetes  thanks so much for joining us it's mention is ABC parent company involving  type one diabetes  tell us what that campaign is about parents of those that have children with  type one diabetes . And we want to do it right in and ", "us today to discuss the topic that is close to her heart. Type one diabetes -- thanks so much for joining us it's great to have you. So you working on new initiative. With Disney which we should mention is ABC -- parent company involving type one diabetes tell us what that campaign is about. I'd love to Stephanie thanks for having me on today. What's really collaboration between Lilly diabetes. I Disney online and Disney publishing worldwide and today is the launch of a contest entitled once upon a time contest. And active participants can enter at once upon a time contest dot com. Family members of and caregivers parents of those that have children with type one diabetes . And we want to do it right in and share their story out of inspiration in any type of written form whether He would homeland or even a song lyric if daylight -- that there -- -- that. And that it's just really great way to express yourself and share your personal story. So while home on or any type of of written piece of ballots as somebody that they that they care about that has type one diabetes and somebody that you care about. -- -- -- He was diagnosed with type one diabetes when He was thirteenth. As a mom what went through your head when you heard that I. -- You know it's always ", "further clue. Who does have a child who's just been diagnosed with type one diabetes . And best advice for her. I I certainly don't feel like I know all the answers but I do wanna encourage all mothers and parents of of children with type one diabetes -- really. Just educate yourself be encouraged. This this collaboration is really a great resource I didn't have between these three companies ", 'Save hundreds of thousands of people from the pain of  type one diabetes . A million and a quarter Americans have a thirteen thousand they have more than the usual preparation. Patrick has  type one diabetes  as He must test his blood sugar at every meal reported ', 'emphasize could. Save hundreds of thousands of people from the pain of type one diabetes . A million and a quarter Americans have a thirteen thousand new cases are diagnosed each year among school age children. Just in ', 'Very -- and they have more than the usual preparation. Patrick has type one diabetes as He must test his blood sugar at every meal reported salutes to protect his -- And is not a day off ', 'He began exhibiting the symptoms of  type one diabetes . Since his diagnosis Brenda has raised it early tell on some zone of what  type one diabetes  can present itself at any age are emotions when you found out that that had  type one diabetes  well you know you go through the natural ', 'son that was only five when He began exhibiting the symptoms of type one diabetes . Since his diagnosis Brenda has raised over one million dollars to help search for -- -- -- Brenda joins us now along ', 'excessive urination sometimes it early tell -- on some zone of what type one diabetes can present itself at any age -- are typically -- We know what often as juvenile onset of what imported -- what ', 'what. Were -- -- emotions when you found out that that had type one diabetes well you know you go through the natural grieving process and think that any parent goes through -- -- receive. News that ', "against immune system disease. Such as  type one diabetes  researchers studied the relationship proximity to the equator and their rate of  type one diabetes . They found the countries which didn't perfect over Poland have a lower rate of  type one diabetes . much Puerto Rico. Doctors say it's ", "-- sun exposure could help protect against immune system disease. Such as type one diabetes researchers studied the relationship between countries proximity to the equator and their rate of type one diabetes . They found the countries which didn't receive a lot of -- such as Canada. And higher rates of of the disease then -- countries such as Cuba Barbados and the Dominican Republic. The relationship isn't perfect -- over Poland have a lower rate of type one diabetes . -- much -- Puerto Rico. Doctors say it's too soon to know sun exposure can -- an individual's risk for diabetes. But ", 'more than one and a half million Americans diagnosed with  type one diabetes  and every day can be a challenge but a new report suggests researchers transplant and healthy islet cells 36 patients with  type one diabetes . One year after the surgery and almost half of those patients ', "For more than one and a half million Americans diagnosed with type one diabetes and every day can be a challenge but a new report suggests that the special surgery could free some patients from meeting daily insulin. Islet cell transplantation takes pancreas cells from -- healthy donor and transplant them into a diabetic patient. A new study finds that these healthy cells will replace the faulty ones in the patient's own body. But the transplanted cells will only work for a short time. Canadian researchers transplant and healthy islet cells -- 36 patients with type one diabetes . One year after the surgery and almost half of those patients did not need to take insulin but within two years most ", 'Dr. Stephen Kemp answers the question: "How Does  Type 1 Diabetes  Affect Growth?"', "Used to call a  juvenile diabetes  today we usually called insulin have designed to be used in  type one diabetes . their risk is very small in therapy that's helped for  type one diabetes  and it's the first intervention ", "Used to call a juvenile diabetes today we usually called insulin dependent diabetes meaning it's the kind that requires insulin our guest is doctor Richard Burt. Who is ", 'promising new way of treating  juvenile diabetes . It is very preliminary sixty. He has lived with  type one diabetes  for the last five years time in the history of  type one diabetes  that patients have gone After the treatment.  Type one diabetes  occurs when the immune ', "look tonight at what may be a promising new way of treating juvenile diabetes . It is very preliminary and there is risk involved for the young patient but. It might one day free diabetes patients from insulin shots or indeed any medicines. Here's ABC's John McCain's. To appreciate the revolutionary potential of this discovery it helps to know some would like he lied bonds. Eli is sixty. He has lived with type one diabetes for the last five years. Yes that's like it computer in the back and had really there's always thinking about. You know ", "There is no way currently that we know of to prevent  type one diabetes . Children young adults or older people who get it. There's is used usually to treat diabetes can also decrease the  juvenile diabetes  and this was demonstrated the diabetes production", 'Foreman. Which is used usually to treat diabetes can also decrease the juvenile diabetes and this was demonstrated the diabetes production -- ', "that we're talking about one which is better known as  juvenile diabetes  is that correct yes that's a person who can't make and saloons and the very long acting muscles which make  type one diabetes  control much easier than it was just a few years ago ", "viewers that we're talking about -- one which is better known as juvenile diabetes is that correct yes that's a person who can't make insulin at all right and in this study. When we talk about ", "distinguishing between type one and type two diabetes in terms of how important is in each of them. So  type one diabetes  used to be called  juvenile diabetes  and that's an autoimmune disease where the body actually destroys pancreas and there's no ", "in terms of how important -- is in each of them. So type one diabetes used to be called juvenile diabetes and that's an autoimmune disease where the body actually destroys -- pancreas and there's no insulin production. So that's usually seen in ", "Barbara Davis center for  childhood diabetes . center that specializes children and adults with  type one diabetes . We care for approximately throughout the world. care of  type one diabetes . I'm just gonna highlight is we think we care for  type one diabetes  is entering third generation ", "is George -- and executive director of the Barbara Davis center for childhood diabetes . -- center that specializes in the care of children and adults with type one diabetes . We care for approximately 3000 children and 2000 adults who come to us from countries throughout the world. -- -- care of type one diabetes . I'm just gonna highlight two areas in this brief time. One is we think we care for type one diabetes is entering -- third generation. Namely with continuous glucose monitoring particularly important for individuals who are having severe problems of -- -- -- And we hope that eventually is going to lead to smart devices that help control insulin administration. The other area -- in particularly specialize in is the prediction. And trials for the prevention of type one diabetes . And doctor -- -- centers just discovered the fourth major auto management for type one diabetes . Approximately one and 200 children who develop diabetes diet onset. And in part they die because the symptoms of the disorder are ", "the needle. Safe Wilson doesn't herself she knows no different she goes through this around thirty times of the day  type one diabetes  and Which. By site is adopt more like job is to sense a change in fate sent before her blood sugar levels plummet or skyrocket ", 'she goes through this -- around thirty times of the day -- type one diabetes and -- Which. By -- site is -- adopt more like -- -- -- -- -- -- -- job is to sense ']