['Granite boulders used to build the hotel were hauled using only mules, wagons and ropes.', 'The Hotel Plaza Athenee in Paris became a place to see and be seen shortly after opening on April 20, 1913.', 'The Hotel du Pont in Wilmington, Delaware, was conceived by a pair of DuPont executives as a place for people to stay while visiting their Brandywine Valley headquarters.', "This shot of the hotel's roof under construction was taken by Winnipeg photographer L.B. Foote in 1913.", 'Back in the day, guests of the hotel were greeted each morning with a complimentary cup of hot clam nectar.', "Moscow's Hotel Savoy was designed as a haven for aristocrats visiting from Saint Petersburg and beyond.", "The Savoy is just steps from top sights like the Kremlin, the Bolshoi and St. Basil's Cathedral.", 'Gstaad Palace in Switzerland has been hosting visitors to this fashionable winter retreat since December 8, 1913.', 'The Grande Colonial in La Jolla, California, had a modest start as the Colonial Apartments and Hotel in 1913.', 'The original building was moved and a new, bigger building opened in the late 1920s. ', 'Gstaad Palace in Switzerland is a family-owned hotel marking 100 years in December', 'The Fort Garry Hotel was built by the Canadian National Railway in the early 20th century', "(CNN) -- Whenever a new hotel opens, guests are quick to flock there, clamoring for its shiny new rooms and state-of-the-art features. But there's something to be said for staying at a venerable older property, like these top-rated hotels that are each celebrating their centennial this year.", "Some of them have survived issues like war, recession, fire and lackluster management over the past 100 years, but each has persevered and truly stands the test of time. So next time you're visiting these eight cities, consider checking in at these legendary lodgings.", 'Easily distinguishable by its granite exterior and red clay-tile roof, the Grove Park Inn has long been a favorite mountain retreat, hallowed for its sweeping views, Southern hospitality and rustic yet refined Arts and Crafts design. A recent $25 million renovation, timed by current owner KSL Resorts to coincide with its anniversary celebrations, ensures this grande dame is back to form; even the giant fireplace in the lobby is working again.', "Historical fact: In 1930, William Howard Taft resigned from the Supreme Court in the hotel's Great Hall.", "Almost immediately after it opened, this testament to French culture and style became the place to see and be seen in Paris, and it remains so to this day. Now part of the Dorchester Collection, the hotel features 191 elegantly appointed rooms and suites pairing 18th-century-style touches with modern conveniences like remote-controlled air-conditioning. And you'll not just sleep well here, but eat well, too, given that all four of its restaurants fall under the supervision of famed French-born chef Alain Ducasse.", 'Famous guests: Marlene Dietrich, Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor, Jackie Kennedy', 'Historical fact: Legendary designer Christian Dior loved the hotel so much he opened his House of Dior on the same street, and avenue Montaigne soon became the capital of high fashion.', "With its elaborate woodwork, polished terrazzo floors and plush Queen Anne furnishings, the Hotel du Pont is a perfect example of the extravagance of America's Gilded Age. Additions over the years include elegant ballrooms, dozens more guestrooms, a theater substantial enough to house a Broadway show and a collection of notable artworks by the likes of N.C. and Andrew Wyeth.", 'Famous guests: King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden, Amelia Earhart, Eleanor Roosevelt', 'Historical fact: The hotel was conceived by a pair of DuPont executives as a place for people to stay while visiting their Brandywine Valley headquarters, yet no expense was spared in its creation and the final bill totaled an estimated $1 million, a hefty sum at that time.', 'Historical fact: The hotel once had its own bakery, butcher shop, heating plant, artesian well and printing press. The latter remains but is only accessible through a doorway on the roof.', "The success of the Benson Hotel can be attributed to Simon Benson, an emigrant from Norway who moved to Portland and made a fortune in the lumber business. Ever the pioneer, he took a hotel that bled cash for the first 16 months of its life (it was originally called the New Oregon Hotel) and transformed it into a world-class property that now sits on the National Register of Historic Places. Managed today by Coast Hotels, it still oozes Benson's influences, from the Austrian crystal chandeliers to the Circassian walnut columns.", "Historical fact: Back in the day, guests of the hotel were greeted each morning with a complimentary cup of hot clam nectar. Today, it's a cup of hot coffee.", "The two aren't related, but much like the Savoy Hotel in London, Moscow's Savoy is a landmark property dripping with opulence, albeit in a much smaller, more intimate setting. Designed as a haven for aristocrats visiting from Saint Petersburg and beyond, it still draws Russia's elite, who can often be found hobnobbing in the lobby bar. Another beloved feature is its location, which is just steps from top sights like the Kremlin, the Bolshoi and St. Basil's Cathedral.", 'Historical fact: The Hotel Savoy was built by the Salamander Fire Insurance Company, and images of salamanders can be found in the carpets, the pool and elsewhere throughout the property.', "Gstaad is one of Europe's favorite winter sports destinations, but guests flock to this old-school resort year-round, enticed by the lighted tennis courts, Olympic-size swimming pool, high-end fitness center with saunas and massage rooms, and the hundreds of miles of hike and bike trails that weave through the Bernese Alps surrounding the property. One of the few family-owned and -operated hotels in Switzerland, the Gstaad Palace makes a point to treat its guests like one of their own, and the result is a boom in repeat visitors.", "Historical fact: Owing to the Palace's isolated mountainside location, the Swiss government found it a fitting place to stash a chunk of its gold reserves during World War II.", "Given the Grande Colonial's spectacular seaside setting in a charming suburb of San Diego, it's not hard to see how the hotel has survived for the last hundred years. Or how it could easily make it another hundred. The property has undergone multiple renovations over the decades, including an $8 million restoration completed in 2007 and a recent overhaul of the entry, lobby and adjacent public spaces, both meant to preserve the hotel's original European-style ambiance and aesthetic.", "Famous guests: Groucho Marx, Jane Wyatt and a couple of ghosts said to haunt the hotel's hallways", 'Historical fact: The pharmacist at a drugstore that became part of the hotel back in 1928 was the father of actor Gregory Peck, who grew up in the area and later co-founded the La Jolla Playhouse.', "It's about making an entrance. Dramatic entries are a given with air travel, and airports should convey a sense of welcome and arrival.", 'Get ready to shred your vocal cords. Or just clench your jaw and hang on in terrified silence.', "We've come to expect fees for hotel WiFi and parking, but as lodging fees pile up, there are some that may come as a surprise.", "In the 1950s and '60s, the ocean liner SS United States was the choice of movie stars, famous musicians and kings. ", "The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfort in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.", "You heard of the two guys who recently opted in to a two-year, $1.5 million holiday? These are some of the sights they'll be privy to.", "Gross is everywhere. It's in the food we eat, it's in nature, and of course, we ourselves might be the greatest source of grossness. ", "When five teenagers sat down and posed for a picture at Copco Lake in 1982, they didn't plan on making it a tradition. But that's what it became. "]