['Thalians Beach Ball which was held at the home of Elaine Stewart on July 15, 1956 in Malibu, California. (Getty Images)  Elizabeth Taylor , British actress, wearing a white swimsuit as she kneels on the sands of a beach in a publicity still issued for the ', 'I wanted in the world to be was to be a Puerto Rican girl. "There were no role models then for me, so I wanted to be  Elizabeth Taylor  ... Lana Turner," she added. "I didn\'t like being Hispanic. I feel sad about it because it was so futile. I wasted ', 'the world of photography. He photographed the likes of  Elizabeth Taylor  and Richard Burton, Twiggy and Louis Armstrong. One of Sitting," 1962 Lindsay Lohan, "New York" magazine, 2008  Elizabeth Taylor  and Richard Burton, Ischia, Italy, 1962 Gary Cooper ', "Photographed by Sid Avery. (Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's)  Elizabeth Taylor  glamour photo. (Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's)  Elizabeth Taylor  in a movie still from Cleopatra. (Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's ", '20" hosted by Katie Couric, Saturday at 9 ET. 1.  Elizabeth Taylor  The show\'s biggest cameo came in 1981, at the height of the Luke and Laura wedding phenomenon.  Elizabeth Taylor  was a self-proclaimed superfan of the soap, and asked ', 'Berners-Lee, along with Belgian computer scientist Robert Cailliau, introduce the World Wide Web. 28. October 6, 1991:  Elizabeth Taylor  marries Larry Fortensky at Neverland Ranch, her eighth and final marriage. 29. March 1, 1994: Justin Bieber is born ', 'and he also found love on the set of "Cleopatra" with  Elizabeth Taylor , who played the mesmerizing Egyptian ruler. Burton and are also happy that his star will be next to the star of  Elizabeth Taylor ," Leron Gubler, president and CEO of the Hollywood Chamber ', "nail-biting, celebrity jokes, and fashion faux pas we've come to expect from awards shows in general. We mean a drunk  Elizabeth Taylor  as presenter or Isaac Mizrahi groping ScarJo. Wondering what cheer this year's Globes will bring? Hold that thought ", 'Dick," premiered Sunday to a not overwhelming audience of 3.5 million viewers. Critics almost universally panned the  Elizabeth Taylor  biopic. RELATED: Silly \'Liz & Dick\' Is All About Lindsay Lohan She\'s also had a spate of legal troubles this fall ', 'misdemeanor charges against him were later dropped. On Sunday Lohan\'s Lifetime film "Liz & Dick," in which she portrays  Elizabeth Taylor , premiered, and was watched by 3.5 million viewers, receiving scathing reviews. The film was positioned as the actress ', 'misdemeanor charges against him were later dropped. On Sunday Lohan\'s Lifetime film "Liz & Dick," in which she portrays  Elizabeth Taylor , premiered, and was watched by 3.5 million viewers, receiving scathing reviews. The film was positioned as the actress ', "to know about the love story of  Elizabeth Taylor  and Richard Burton. If you tune Lindsay Lohan: 'I Do Relate to  Elizabeth Taylor ' It's impossible to sit in front and Dick. RELATED: Remembering  Elizabeth Taylor", 'Never, it seems, has there been more interest in the tumultuous love affair between  Elizabeth Taylor  and Richard Burton . Sunday, Lindsay Lohan will star as Taylor and Grant Bowler as Burton in the much-hyped Lifetime biopic ', 'We\'re a glass half-full show. "Pop news." Good morning, amy. Good morning to you. Ravishing in red.  Elizabeth taylor \'s first wedding dress is being auctioned off today. It was the gown she wore to marry conrad hilton jr. A wedding ', '"Pop news." Good morning, amy. Good morning to you. Ravishing in red. Elizabeth taylor\'s first wedding dress is being auctioned off today. It was the gown she wore to marry conrad hilton jr. A wedding attended ', "dancing in small clubs in new york and then gambled on hollywood. I wanted to be  elizabeth taylor . You know, I can put on that waist cincher like  liz taylor  and do my eyebrows and I did. I didn't like being hispanic. Reporter: The only ", "in new york and then gambled on hollywood. I wanted to be elizabeth taylor . You know, I can put on that waist cincher like liz taylor and do my eyebrows and I did. I didn't like being hispanic. Reporter: The only roles she could get were minorities, including ", 'being a star and became. Imagine.  Elizabeth Taylor  has had seven marriages six an eighteen ended after. There are times when  Elizabeth Taylor  it seems much like planet is Maggie what could she found self esteem.  Elizabeth Taylor  was one of the come out to raise money ', 'decades of making headlines she stopped being a star and became. Imagine. Elizabeth Taylor has had seven marriages six -- -- an eighteen to hotel and Nicky Hilton that lasted seven months. -- Clinton and British ', 'and teammate a sentence what marriage ended after. There are times when Elizabeth Taylor it seems much like planet -- -- -- is Maggie the cat she indeed at his to have nine lives. 1980 me a very overweight and the payment checked into the Betty Ford clinic He was addicted to prescription drugs and alcohol. And -- Elizabeth. -- image. Not feed and -- and -- says that it was at the Betty what could she found self esteem. Elizabeth Taylor was one of the -- come out to raise money and winds that agents and -- Evans. In the center of attention. ', "Sonia. The film that we remember we think kindly on the baby Elizabeth Taylor who is when you were twelve his -- and national about. -- we're expecting me sound. -- quiet for a while worsened ", 'Your husband. And our two. Again. Okay. Sure we were hot and tired but finally. Or our where Richard Burton famously  Elizabeth Taylor  and each year over 3.5. Million visitors flocked to enjoy those beautiful beaches and unbeatable deals. We look through ', 'and tired but finally. Or -- our where Richard Burton famously -- Elizabeth Taylor and -- each year over 3.5. Million visitors flocked to enjoy those beautiful beaches and unbeatable deals. We look through -- Caribbean ', 'transforms herself into  elizabeth taylor  in "liz & dick turbulent love between  elizabeth taylor  and richard burton to do this. And  liz taylor \'s life was out difficult times.  Elizabeth taylor  did, too. Who did ', 'us about taking on the iconic hollywood role. Lohan transforms herself into elizabeth taylor in "liz & dick." It focuses on the turbulent love between elizabeth taylor and richard burton. You haven\'t read the ns today. No less than the vatican has made a pronouncement about us. The vatican, ', "and go forward. Obviously, you've been going through some very difficult times. Elizabeth taylor did, too. Who did she rely on during those dark days? And who is your rock? Who do you go to? How do you stay grounded? Elizabeth taylor went to her mother a lot. She was close with her mother. And I think you see we portray that pretty well ", 'this a bit of professional redemption? Yeah. I think that, just as elizabeth taylor did, there was a time, you know, when I was just doing so much work constantly. And I kind of had that ', "A red carpet affair to celebrate  Elizabeth Taylor 's 75 birthday. Hollywood legend arrived fashionably late to the Las Vegas resort in a wheelchair decked out of diamonds and four. Guests at the party included Debbie Reynolds and magicians Siegfried and", "A red carpet affair to celebrate Elizabeth Taylor's 75 birthday. Hollywood legend arrived fashionably late to the Las Vegas resort in a wheelchair decked out of diamonds and four. Guests ", "of course the elimination coming up. Later to ignite bears DW TS update all right. Like make a movie about the life of  Elizabeth Taylor  and they want Lindsay lineup a official. They put on the specs and tell a little bit right now. What's your gonna get ", "update all right. Like -- make a movie about the life of Elizabeth Taylor and they want Lindsay lineup -- a -- official. They put on the specs and tell a little bit right now. What's "]