["dancing in small clubs in new york and then gambled on hollywood. I wanted to be  elizabeth taylor . You know, I can put on that waist cincher like  liz taylor  and do my eyebrows and I did. I didn't like being hispanic. Reporter: The only ", "in new york and then gambled on hollywood. I wanted to be elizabeth taylor . You know, I can put on that waist cincher like liz taylor and do my eyebrows and I did. I didn't like being hispanic. Reporter: The only roles she could get were minorities, including ", 'being a star and became. Imagine.  Elizabeth Taylor  has had seven marriages six an eighteen ended after. There are times when  Elizabeth Taylor  it seems much like planet is Maggie what could she found self esteem.  Elizabeth Taylor  was one of the come out to raise money ', 'decades of making headlines she stopped being a star and became. Imagine. Elizabeth Taylor has had seven marriages six -- -- an eighteen to hotel and Nicky Hilton that lasted seven months. -- Clinton and British ', 'and teammate a sentence what marriage ended after. There are times when Elizabeth Taylor it seems much like planet -- -- -- is Maggie the cat she indeed at his to have nine lives. 1980 me a very overweight and the payment checked into the Betty Ford clinic He was addicted to prescription drugs and alcohol. And -- Elizabeth. -- image. Not feed and -- and -- says that it was at the Betty what could she found self esteem. Elizabeth Taylor was one of the -- come out to raise money and winds that agents and -- Evans. In the center of attention. ', "Sonia. The film that we remember we think kindly on the baby Elizabeth Taylor who is when you were twelve his -- and national about. -- we're expecting me sound. -- quiet for a while worsened ", 'Your husband. And our two. Again. Okay. Sure we were hot and tired but finally. Or our where Richard Burton famously  Elizabeth Taylor  and each year over 3.5. Million visitors flocked to enjoy those beautiful beaches and unbeatable deals. We look through ', 'and tired but finally. Or -- our where Richard Burton famously -- Elizabeth Taylor and -- each year over 3.5. Million visitors flocked to enjoy those beautiful beaches and unbeatable deals. We look through -- Caribbean ', 'transforms herself into  elizabeth taylor  in "liz & dick turbulent love between  elizabeth taylor  and richard burton to do this. And  liz taylor \'s life was out difficult times.  Elizabeth taylor  did, too. Who did ', 'us about taking on the iconic hollywood role. Lohan transforms herself into elizabeth taylor in "liz & dick." It focuses on the turbulent love between elizabeth taylor and richard burton. You haven\'t read the ns today. No less than the vatican has made a pronouncement about us. The vatican, ', "and go forward. Obviously, you've been going through some very difficult times. Elizabeth taylor did, too. Who did she rely on during those dark days? And who is your rock? Who do you go to? How do you stay grounded? Elizabeth taylor went to her mother a lot. She was close with her mother. And I think you see we portray that pretty well ", 'this a bit of professional redemption? Yeah. I think that, just as elizabeth taylor did, there was a time, you know, when I was just doing so much work constantly. And I kind of had that ', "A red carpet affair to celebrate  Elizabeth Taylor 's 75 birthday. Hollywood legend arrived fashionably late to the Las Vegas resort in a wheelchair decked out of diamonds and four. Guests at the party included Debbie Reynolds and magicians Siegfried and", "A red carpet affair to celebrate Elizabeth Taylor's 75 birthday. Hollywood legend arrived fashionably late to the Las Vegas resort in a wheelchair decked out of diamonds and four. Guests ", "of course the elimination coming up. Later to ignite bears DW TS update all right. Like make a movie about the life of  Elizabeth Taylor  and they want Lindsay lineup a official. They put on the specs and tell a little bit right now. What's your gonna get ", "update all right. Like -- make a movie about the life of Elizabeth Taylor and they want Lindsay lineup -- a -- official. They put on the specs and tell a little bit right now. What's ", "finally. Slipped on land the role of a lifetime or at least a on lifetime. it is a good one Lindsay will play movie legend  Elizabeth Taylor  in the film which will focus on Taylor's relationship with actor Richard Burton. No shortage of drama there as you may ", "lifetime. -- it is a good one Lindsay will play movie legend Elizabeth Taylor in the film which will focus on Taylor's relationship with actor Richard Burton. No shortage of drama there as you may know ", "you wanna talk is about life yeah high stakes auction of  Elizabeth Taylor 's personal art collection three of the most amazing pieces we'll get to that in a minute but it. I always knew that  Liz Taylor  collected Oscars and husbands during her life I had no idea ", "-- you wanna talk is about life yeah high stakes auction of Elizabeth Taylor's personal art collection three of the most amazing pieces went on the block last night selling from nearly went -- to. Million dollars told. ABC's nick Locke joins us from London to talk about that and the ongoing sales of prices that. Almost any list fan. Might be able to afford really -- -- yet rarely. Seriously seriously and we'll get to that in a minute but -- it. I always knew that Liz Taylor collected Oscars and husbands during her life I had no idea she had such an extra ordinary art collection. And here in ", 'only actress that she could rival in the headline department. Here\'s is first clip of lindsay lohan playing the great  elizabeth taylor . This came out overnight. It\'s for lifetime\'s tv movie "liz and dick." We have seen stills. This is the first ', 'headline department. Here\'s is first clip of lindsay lohan playing the great elizabeth taylor . This came out overnight. It\'s for lifetime\'s tv movie "liz and dick." We have seen stills. This is the first glimpse of ', 'Elizabeth Taylor  wrote her own rules Hollywood icon and Oscar did what ever she wanted on Talking about aids 2008 gala Taylor lost her and I can ', 'Elizabeth Taylor wrote her own rules Hollywood icon and Oscar -- did what ever she wanted on -- -- Talking about aids -- -- ', "fooled my husband. Reporter:  Elizabeth taylor  was a self-proclaimed super really, you played pinball with  elizabeth taylor ? Yeah, and she was terrible Don't let me get cursed by  liz taylor . Oh, those eyes. You can ", 'you were. What kind of man that almost fooled my husband. Reporter: Elizabeth taylor was a self-proclaimed super fan who asked the show for a guest stint. Her five episode appearance as the millionaire widow helena ', 'regular stuff for people who would say, really, you played pinball with elizabeth taylor ? Yeah, and she was terrible. But she had a wonderful time doing it. Wow, demi moore can really flow a punch. Don\'t let me get cursed by liz taylor . Oh, those eyes. You can see more with the cast of "general hospital," "the real soap dish" with katie couric tonight at ', 'he left her and wed her best friend, bombshell beauty  elizabeth taylor . Debbie would marry two more times and manage to overcome What do you want to know. We all know the story about  elizabeth taylor  and eddie fisher but the fact that you guys came back together ', 'time when he left her and wed her best friend, bombshell beauty elizabeth taylor . Debbie would marry two more times and manage to overcome a grand scale of financial woes by auctioning off her prized possessions, ', 'What do you want to know. We all know the story about elizabeth taylor and eddie fisher but the fact that you guys came back together and that you figured it out. We came back together ', "O'Donnell turns out that Rosie O'Donnell's taking issue with Lindsay Lohan being cast to play  Elizabeth Taylor  union made TV movie about  Liz Taylor  and Richard Burton's romance. We have a little clip from The Today Show. I think she needs ", "that Rosie O'Donnell's taking issue with Lindsay Lohan being cast to play Elizabeth Taylor union made -- TV movie about Liz Taylor and Richard Burton's romance. We have a little clip from The Today Show. I think she needs a lot of help. -- ", 'Brad Angelina and a whole lot more.  Elizabeth Taylor  and Richard Burton a love affair that careers. The new book furious love  Elizabeth Taylor  Richard Burton and the the century insisted this is really fascinating  Elizabeth Taylor  says this is not and authorized ', "They were the generations Brad Angelina and a whole lot more. Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton a love affair that started -- this kiss. From the movie Cleopatra and continued through two marriages and two divorces. Scandals -- would have -- other relationships ruined careers. The new book furious love Elizabeth Taylor Richard Burton and the -- -- the century. Shows the love behind the headlines using rarely seen pictures. And love letters given to the office by dame Elizabeth herself and the author Sam Castro -- -- -- join us now good morning good. Who have insisted this is really fascinating Elizabeth Taylor says this is not and authorized. That's -- biography but she's never really cooperated before -- she did in this case why. She was afraid that Richard -- -- legacy was being forgotten and town. In fact it was an and it goes where we mentioned we were doing a book about Elizabeth Taylor Burton romance and young students -- -- why didn't Elizabeth Taylor was married to Tim Burton. And that's Dari. Little -- and everything else that's what she really decided -- them. Should like ", "named iris -- -- -- famous only for condemning the burden. For Elizabeth Taylor for. For her relationship. With the burden. And it was the most notorious. Scandal that it ever hit Hollywood and that was part of the international. Gossip of -- And what it all that kind of nation due to the love affair. Well for a while they it was too much and Elizabeth Taylor had just gone through a similar thing when she married Eddie Fisher and Eddie Fisher left. Debbie Reynolds famously America's sweet America's ", 'you both very much you can find more rarely seen pictures of Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton and abcnews.com. Slash GMA. ', 'now with Barbara Walters remembering  Elizabeth Taylor  Barbara. You knew her over the years such. By the nearly seven decent  Elizabeth Taylor  was fading Hollywood superstar. The Dickinson. And I reached my I In 1983.  Elizabeth Taylor  checked into the Betty Ford clinic ', "And we're back now with Barbara Walters remembering Elizabeth Taylor Barbara. You knew her over the years through so many of the chapters of her life as a question a lot of people have. Why she get married so many times and times but not carried these days she probably. Would've just live of all the guys she -- have been in those days she married them. And that when she had a she divorced them. But she kept such. By the nearly seven decent Elizabeth Taylor was -- fading Hollywood superstar. The leading -- with -- I knew then and realize she was trying to find peace and ", "my -- I -- -- -- -- -- -- -- In 1983. Elizabeth Taylor checked into the Betty Ford clinic. Coping with a lifetime of illnesses she had become addicted to prescription drugs and alcohol. I knew Elizabeth Taylor and marriage drug free how bad was -- addiction how much was drinking and you. I'm. Irish is to pride myself on ", "-- rumor that I. We couldn't start. When Hudson died of aids Elizabeth Taylor broke through the shame. Calling the world's attention to this tragic academics. Yes she co founded and -- the American foundation for ", "Elizabeth Taylor  passed away today. At. 817 now present. Like you know what you're  Elizabeth Taylor  And she said not now you know I you know this eye to out. We're  Elizabeth Taylor  we do a reading console every autobiography ", "-- Elizabeth Taylor passed away today. At. 817 now Ryan. I can't -- was stunning. She was stunningly gorgeous and it you know. She added. ", "for studio to get to a present. Like you know what you're Elizabeth Taylor -- -- -- And she said not now you know I know sandy who was my manager she set out helping work ", "that girlfriend gets -- you know this eye to -- out. We're Elizabeth Taylor -- we do a reading console every autobiography. Yes and they read from Elizabeth Taylor's spot -- -- out of a back seat -- amongst others and I was asked to. Do you Elizabeth you know read Elizabeth hippest art in its I think we -- have these memories of how we would be Elizabeth Taylor has always such an honor to. You know try to read in an end if you give her character in -- -- "]