['SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - The San Jose Sharks acquired the topflight defenseman they had been seeking, sending a package headlined by forward Devin Setoguchi to the Mi...', 'Bobby Ryan and Nick Bonino helped the visiting 3 victory on Monday night.Ryan had a goal and two assists for the Ducks, who avoided a sixth loss in seven games. Boni...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - The San Jose Sharks have signed All-Star defenseman Brent Burns to a five-year contract extension.The Sharks announced the deal Monday. They ...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - San Jose and Minnesota have made their third deal of the offseason, with center James Sheppard going to the Sharks on Sunday for a third-roun...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. - San Jose and Minnesota have made their third deal of the off-season, with centre James Sheppard going to the Sharks on Sunday for a third-round dr...', 'The San Jose Sharks and Minnesota Wild reportedly have made their third deal in six weeks.TSN is reporting that the Sharks acquired James Sheppard , the ninth pick i...', "Logan Couture scored two of San Jose's team-record five goals in the first 14:47 as the Sharks beat the Tamba Bay Lightning 7-2 Wednesday night.Benn Ferriero, Joe Pa...", 'Matt Cullen scored in the third period and in the first round of the shootout to help the skidding Minnesota Wild recover from a late stumble to beat San Jose 5-4 on...', 'Logan Couture and Brad Winchester scored and Antti Niemi made 24 saves for his second shutout of the season in a 2-0 victory over the Winnipeg Jets on Thursday.Coutu...', "Logan Couture and Brad Winchester scored and Antti Niemi made 24 saves for his second shutout of the season in the San Jose Sharks ' 2-0 victory over the Winnipeg Je...", 'Brian Elliott made 24 saves, B.J. Crombeen and Andy McDonald scored and the St. Louis Blues moved one win away from the second round of the playoffs, beating the San...', 'Jason Blake scored two goals to lift the Anaheim Ducks to a 4-2 victory over the Vancouver Canucks on Sunday night.Bobby Ryan and Nick Bonino also scored to help the...', 'Michal Handzus and Brent Burns scored in the shootout and the San Jose Sharks rallied to a 2-1 victory over the Calgary Flames on Tuesday night.Torrey Mitchell tied ...', "Jed Ortmeyer's first goal of the season gave the Minnesota Wild the lead with 4:13 left in a 4-3 victory on Sunday, sending the San Jose Sharks home with a tough los...", 'Joe Pavelski had two goals and two assists against a goalie playing in the NHL for the first time in nearly a year, leading the Sharks past the Capitals 5-3 Monday n...', 'Jussi Jokinen scored the game-winner past the 2.Jeff Skinner and Justin Faulk also lit the lamp for the Hurricanes, who have won two in a row since a two-game skid. ...', "The Detroit Red Wings already own the NHL's season record for consecutive home victories. On Sunday, they set 2 victory over the San Jose Sharks .Henrik Zetterberg ,...", "The San Jose Sharks probably can't wait to get back to action on their own ice. In fact, a visit from the Philadelphia Flyers could quickly help the club forget its ...", "Jed Ortmeyer scored the game-winner with 4:13 3.Jared Spurgeon's blast from the right point was deflected in by Ortmeyer, who recorded his first NHL goal since March..."]