["it's long been feared that with will  tropical  diseases. One has surfaced in the south doctor Richard vasser is on the trail of  dengue fever  in America. There is no treatment for  dengue fever  it causes headache pain rash. It's often ", "on record. And it's long been feared that with -- will -- tropical diseases. One has surfaced in the south -- doctor Richard vasser is on the trail of dengue fever in America. There is no treatment for dengue fever it causes headache -- pain rash. It's often called break bone fever because of the crushing pain -- can cause. It's spread ", "now you've got a cluster of patients in Florida. This is actually some people think part of a global phenomenon. These  tropical  so called mosquito borne diseases are slowly moving north. Part of global warming. Right at the mosquitoes with the scary ", 'This is actually some people think part of a global phenomenon. These tropical so called mosquito borne diseases are slowly moving north. Part of global warming. Right at the mosquitoes with -- -- the scary ', 'health at night. People suffering with  dengue  turning up at all hours of the night to struggle to keep on top of this deadly  tropical  disease. But the state of Rea has stepped to bring this epidemic under control.  Dengue  is caused by the mosquito mosquito carries ', "An emergency health -- at night. People suffering with dengue turning up at all hours of the night to get an urgent treatment. It's an uphill struggle to keep on top of this deadly tropical disease. But the state of Rea has stepped top -- to bring this epidemic under control. Dengue is caused by the -- -- -- mosquito mosquito carries the virus and -- is it from human to human. If that's ", 'crisis mode trying to tackle a widespread outbreak of  dengue fever  in Rio de Janeiro. There is talk of declaring it a access to infected Although the virus is confined to  tropical  areas there is a risk of it spreading Already in the ', 'Brazil is in crisis mode trying to tackle a widespread outbreak of dengue fever in Rio de Janeiro. There is talk of declaring it a deadly epidemic. Then gate as a potentially fatal disease that is ', 'what is called is  dengue fever  the disease has reached some are spreading  dengue fever . The symptoms are fumigation is underway  dengue fever  is not even on the get something called  dengue hemorrhagic fever . And that can be ', "years. About forty residents have come down with what is called is dengue fever the disease has reached epidemic proportions in the Caribbean. And Central America and the idea that it's here in the US. And could spread has federal health officials very very concerned as you can imagine but talk to doctor Richard that's about in the moment but first Jeffrey -- has more. Usually they are just annoying pests but in Key West mosquitoes have suddenly. -- on an added menace because some are spreading dengue fever . The symptoms are like flew on steroids you feel -- your bed your joints will hurt. Severely you have -- behind -- is. You may have a rash. The World Health Organization estimates there may be as many as fifty million cases of dengue every year more than 70% in Asia. But it's the more than 101000 cases this year in the Caribbean that are of ", "if you get -- a second time you can get something called dengue hemorrhagic fever . And that can -- be very severe and and at times fatal but it's very rare we haven't seen it here in ", 'day for his dog grooming business. But after learning  dengue fever  could possibly be in his manners neighborhood youth Last night the Health Department confirmed a woman got  dengue fever  in Broward county and not while traveling. Before the ', "is outside every day for his dog grooming business. But after learning dengue fever could possibly be in his -- manners neighborhood youth. -- oh I absolutely do you one -- if -- were available but the companies he cares for won't be getting special -- and we went about the mosquito repellent because this horrible. They should do something about it. He's just one of many worried about this disease -- Last night the Health Department confirmed a woman got dengue fever in Broward county and not while traveling. Before the sun was. He's mosquito terminator -- focused on killing the bugs that might ", "We're going to at an outbreak of  dengue fever . There is no vaccine and in the Rico which is frequent outbreaks  dengue fever  has caused the 85000. People to now to talk about the threat of  dengue fever  and other is and he followed cheat ", "people around the world. We're going to -- at an outbreak of dengue fever . There is no vaccine -- -- and in the places where -- striking right now public health is simply not able to ", 'think -- be reported. And in Puerto Rico which is frequent outbreaks dengue fever has caused the 85000. People to get sick this year. Throughout history epidemics of played human beings from the black death in ', "Course mile area. Joining me now to talk about the threat of dengue fever and other -- is -- and he followed cheat. He's the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and he's joining me from Bethesda Maryland. -- -- -- you know I've come across dengue fever in the field. It's often -- my experience but knowledge you worried that is growing to epidemic levels what's happening. Well it's ", 'cannot keep up with flood of patients stricken with  dengue fever . More now from our digital reporter Diego in Rio de Larry scientists suspect that with global warming its  tropical  disease could potentially spread and slant. Sonya I ', 'hospital simply cannot keep up with -- flood of patients stricken with dengue fever . More now from our digital reporter -- -- Diego in Rio de Janeiro. -- -- -- cents a after dangerous epidemic Chris ', "Virus in the heat of  tropical  disease in the US isn't feared that with heat will  tropical  diseases. One has surfaced vasser is on the trail of  dengue fever  in America. There is no treatment for  dengue fever  it causes headache pain ", "necessary to promote epidemics of this disease. There have been cases of dengue in -- is too. The ultimate fears have someone who's been infected with the Florida strain then gets infected with the Texas ", "And diseases such as  dengue fever  that's was traditionally resurgent like malaria and  dengue fever . That's the World and these other things  dengue fever  a and how well you know Nation as opposed to a  tropical  and is really dangerous ", "example into higher altitudes and higher latitudes. And -- diseases such as dengue fever that's -- was traditionally. In let's say the very south parts. Of the of the continental DC these kind of moving up ", "nine. And then Sunday diseases that are newly resurgent like malaria and dengue fever . That's -- -- -- the World Health Organization counts these diseases and and seized their impact. Something else that affects the situation ", 'heart disease. And cancer and more westernized things and these other things dengue fever a -- -- and how well you know let that happen someplace else. But if your prediction is true maybe we should ', 'tackle a widespread outbreak of  dengue fever  in Rio de Janeiro. There is talk getting into action in that makes  dengue  prevention campaign. Most of the Although the virus is confined to  tropical  areas there is a risk of it spreading ', 'Monday on forces will be getting into action in that makes -- dengue prevention campaign. Most of the cases are affecting the young and elderly and many of the afflicted live in the shanty towns in the city. Let -- -- space and sanitation compounding the problem. Health -- crystal says say they have a hot time getting to these people. As drug traffic is impede access to -- -- -- -- -- Although the virus is confined to tropical areas there is a risk of it spreading -- went. Already in the states that have been a few isolated cases in ', 'cannot keep up with flood of patients stricken with  dengue fever . More now from our digital reporter Diego in Rio de Larry scientists suspect that with global warming this  tropical  disease could potentially spreads and slant. Sonya ', 'hospitals simply cannot keep up with -- flood of patients stricken with dengue fever . More now from our digital reporter -- -- Diego in Rio de Janeiro. Chaos after her sentence -- After dangerous epidemic -- ', "they've spread all across the southeastern United States. Texas Florida and Hawaii have all experienced outbreaks of  dengue fever  caused by a virus spread by the mosquitoes. At least 82 cases so far this year none of them fatal. Southern California ", 'southeastern United States. Texas Florida and Hawaii have all experienced outbreaks of dengue fever caused by a virus spread by the mosquitoes. At least 82 cases so far this year none of them fatal. Southern California ', 'Washington DC army doctors at Walter Reed hospital examined images on the Internet. The diagnosis soldier with the  dengue fever  rash and Haiti. And another with a shrapnel wound to BI in Somalia. Yeah yeah. South Africa. Residents of Nelson ', 'Reed hospital examined images on the Internet. The diagnosis soldier with the dengue fever rash and Haiti. And another with a shrapnel wound to BI in Somalia. Yeah yeah. South Africa. Residents of Nelson Mandela township ', 'believes he was killed by a case of  dengue fever  but is Andrea canning reports there science reportedly told his family he  dengue fever  in Portugal. Without treatment that they this was. Designated.  Dengue fever . And he got really sick he had ', 'Puerto Rico. Andy Stanley believes he was killed by a case of dengue fever but is Andrea canning reports there are many unanswered questions about his death. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ', 'he died remains a mystery science reportedly told his family he -- dengue fever in Portugal. Without treatment the virus can lead to shock organ damage and even death. A preliminary autopsy showed no signs of ', "-- came down with this illness that they -- this was. Designated. Dengue fever . And he got really sick -- he had that he wasn't able to -- in the first round. And then he actually ", 'menace because some are spreading  dengue fever . The symptoms are like flew on steroids as many as fifty million cases of  dengue  every year more than 70% in Asia being cleared fumigation is underway  dengue fever  is not even on the top. Hundred ', "West mosquitoes have suddenly take. -- added menace because some are spreading dengue fever . The symptoms are like flew on steroids you feel very your bed your joints will hurt. Severely you'll have -- behind your as. He may have a rash. The World Health Organization estimates there may be as many as fifty million cases of dengue every year more than 70% in Asia. But -- the more than 101000 cases this year in the Caribbean that are of ", "white. And then there's the yellow fever mosquito also known to transmit several viruses including deadly ones like  dengue fever  and encephalitis. Are. Is mosquitoes capable of giving people. Fatal diseases. Yellow fear is they don't thank ", "fever mosquito also known to transmit several viruses including deadly ones like dengue fever and encephalitis. Are. Is mosquitoes capable of giving people. Fatal diseases. Yellow fear is they don't thank -- fever can be fatal ", 'half the population lives in unsanitary conditions. Conditions that encourage the spread of disease such as malaria  dengue fever  and acute respiratory infection. We premium for the urban poor at Jakarta they can spend up to 25% of their entire ', 'unsanitary conditions. Conditions that encourage the spread of disease such as malaria dengue fever and acute respiratory infection. We -- -- premium for the urban poor at Jakarta they can spend up to 25% of their ', 'half the population lives in unsanitary conditions. Conditions that encourage the spread of disease such as malaria  dengue fever  and acute respiratory infection. We seek wider premium for the urban poor at Jakarta they can spend up to 25% of their ', 'unsanitary conditions. Conditions that encourage the spread of disease such as malaria dengue fever and acute respiratory infection. We seek wider premium for the urban poor at Jakarta they can spend up to 25% of their ']