["It seems like some of the largest dinosaurs in prehistoric times didn't need to make  dental health  a priority. A new study published in the journal PLoS One examined the teeth of Camarasaurus and Diplodocus dinosaurs and found ", 'epidemiologist Dr. Katrina Hedberg. " Tooth decay  is a serious problem and fluoridation cavities, and one in five, has rampant  tooth decay . "It is also consistent with the state\'s shown to reduce a person\'s risk of  tooth decay  by 25 percent, and a lifetime supply ', 'patents issued to parties other than Colgate had similar elements. One was a chewable toothbrush and the other was a  flossing  patent. "There are all sorts of crazy things patented," Durkin said. The application was filed in October 2012 ', 'T-shirts . Oscar Oscar is an old-timer who was left at a shelter after having been neglected by his former owner. Braving  tooth decay , mites, and multiple infections and having lost the use of his back legs, Oscar beat the odds to survive. Today, thanks ', 'or reducing bacteria on the hands than plain soap. Indeed, the only officially approved use of the chemical is in certain toothpastes after a study showed it helps prevent  gingivitis . The Associated Press contributed to this report.', "bar and lounge; and O'Gills, an Irish pub and sports bar. The Senses Spa will be enlarged and include a Smile Spa for  teeth whitening . Palo, the adults-only restaurant, will get a makeover. Fans of the casual dining restaurant Cabanas will be happy ", 'some form of  gum disease . The inflammation caused by  gum disease  can be linked have access to  dental health  care. This your risk of  gum disease . Focus on fighting plaque by  flossing  daily and staying five seconds  brushing  their teeth ', 'three days in October. The school offers instruction and fine tuning for returning students. "They cover everything from  bad breath  to your beard and how to maintain your hair," said Schmidt. "They teach sign language, too." The school brings in a ', 'proven antioxidant benefits anyway. "Nondiet varieties of 7UP, like other sugary drinks, promote obesity, diabetes,  tooth decay , and other serious health problems, and no amount of antioxidants could begin to reduce those risks," said CSPI Executive ', 'denture cleanser. That\'s because her pearly whites are the real deal. "I have always loved to smile and I\'m so grateful that I was born with good straight teeth," Henderson told Dear Doctor, an online magazine for  dental health .', 'Cook, a pediatrician at Marshall University in Huntington, W.Va., said that common signs of stomach hairballs include  bad breath , occasional vomiting, stomach pain, dark green-to-black colored stools, decreased appetite, weight loss, and stunted ', 'Thanks to advanced methods, microbiologists can use even the tiniest traces of DNA -- such as in a fleck of skin or on  dental plaque  -- to identify different species of bacteria. In Europe, China and the United States, researchers have catalogued the ', "difficult I have  bad breath  so so winded know treating  bad breath  the level oral all know about  brushing  and  flossing  and our intent healthy. But  bad breath  that we're cavities and  gum disease  themselves mean ", "this problem. Here to tell us about some of the causes a bad breath and what anyone can do about it. Is doctor Richard Price He -- a spokesperson for the American kennel association doctor price thanks for being with us. My pleasure. -- I had heard that people are going to the dentist less and this can be a contributing factor to bad breath is that right. I haven't heard that correlation you know first of all we shouldn't be closed mouth about bad breath . Bad breath is not a medical problem -- a social problem you know we think nothing of asking a significant others how we look before we go lot of what -- -- perfume smell pretty in my Cologne. Why can -- -- -- my brash breath fresh. Just to get this in the -- we can talk about it. And how could a person no I mean is are there it is difficult to -- in yourself other than asking a loved one -- friend. What you can also turn to your local five year old you know it's difficult I have bad breath so so winded just practice and prevention. You know treating bad breath -- -- -- the level oral hygiene we all know about brushing and flossing and -- our intent -- to get our mouth healthy. But bad breath that we're talking about not the bad breath and onions and garlic that's through the bloodstream it's metabolic. What's -- -- bad breath 90% of the problems occur because of bacteria in the mouth these and -- -- -- activity live without oxygen. And they ", "on when you have body odor. Here we have to look at bad breath as another body odor. It's treatable causes on the Ramo at this action of the bacteria future -- cells and thinks it's the same thing in the mouth now these facts here we're talking about which we all have. And we all suffer from bad breath at some time in the day but some of us have chronic problems and here's how to treat it. Realizes that these ", 'sulfur compounds but -- -- think -- think about what contributes to bad breath is drawing miles to drive them out. The more these bacteria can grow. And now his about two to 400 over the ', "many of us have  gum disease  and are potentially some form of  gum disease  I'm thinking before I'm sure  brushing  and  flossing  there are good for advanced  gum disease  is the untreated that you know  gingivitis  or chronic infection ", "80% of adults have some form of gum disease and most don't even know it. Many patients -- diagnosed with moderate to severe gum disease face an invasive and often painful procedure to treat the problem. But a new option might change all that. We'll get the ", "be here. Well let's Begin what is this laser assisted. Therapy for gum disease which I understand otherwise as is pretty pretty invasive for patients. Laser assisted new attachment procedure also known as -- out. Is a means to treat gum disease using a laser -- this scalpel and and sutures surgery. And the process what we do is after proper -- Donald diagnosis ", "how available is this because certainly it's so many of us have gum disease and are potentially facing. Invasive surgery another less invasive alternative is very appealing. Yes we have about 700 Dennis -- across the ", "if you're not  brushing  and the right way. You probably have  gum disease  recent studies That if you have  gum disease  which again more we won't have  bad breath . The problem is meal from your  brushing  at least half an ", "you know what -- week left to breakfast that we won't have bad breath . The problem is open your mouth -- she wins bacteria that initial contamination they build up plaque to get the market keep as soon as possible but also. Act you have breakfast for the city food actually weakens the enamel and your teeth to you brush your teeth after a mile you actually pretty Ricky. He would separate your meal from your brushing -- at least half an hour and I want all of America that from now want first when you get in the ", 'Gum disease  is one of the most common chronic infections in adults Where 60% more likely to have moderate signs of  gum disease . And 300%. More likely to have serious  gum disease  than those who did not use the drug. The increased ', 'Gum disease is one of the most common chronic infections in adults inflammation can reach the entities causing them to become loose and potentially ', 'the most marijuana. Where 60% more likely to have moderate signs of gum disease . And 300%. More likely to have serious gum disease than those who did not use the drug. The increased risk held true even for those who did not smoke tobacco. Researchers ', "the same the same ones that are  bad breath . Even more concentrated. Small the it's not gonna get really  bad breath  and all it's gonna do is feed the bacteria that cause.  Bad breath tooth decay  plaque. You know you don't ", "-- can be -- -- -- the it's not gonna get really bad breath and all it's gonna do is feed the bacteria that cause. Bad breath tooth decay plaque. You know you don't want that I know we're talking about the -- but without sugar free -- that have meant ", 'not alone. The American academy of cosmetic industry says  teeth whitening  is the most requested cosmetic dental service but. You to their They line the shelves of drug stores dozens of  teeth whitening  products from strips to to Mount Washington promising peroxide ', "extra why you're not alone. The American academy of cosmetic industry says teeth whitening is the most requested cosmetic dental service but. You know some folks get a little carried away. When it comes of bleaching ", "to their -- They line the shelves of drug stores dozens of teeth whitening products from strips to -- -- to Mount Washington promising peroxide perfection. It's professional level -- Fifty mining industry is booming to ", "approach to fighting  tooth decay  so He is  brushing  off conventional wisdom waging a battle against  tooth decay . Combining ancient could revolutionize  dental health  around the world He says don't stop  brushing  and it's important ", "the safe and natural powder. Would put into lolly -- could revolutionize dental health around the world He hopes they'll help underprivileged kids the elderly. And those in Third World countries protect their teeth. The regiments two -- a day for ten days four times a year we did an informal taste test. Hey thanks very. But doctor she says don't stop brushing and it's important for a lot of reasons beyond cavity fighting. Major oral health companies are talking to -- eager to get "]