['Two 9-month-old baby girls, who were born joined at the lower chest and abdomen, made their public debut, bringing much happiness and relief to their proud parents just in time for Christmas. The twins, Allison June and Amelia Lee Tucker were separated Nov. 7 at...', 'thrives at such dinners, where participants are freed of the constraints of their respective roles. Banquets and politics are  Siamese twins  in China. And because Ding kept bringing journalists to his project villages, and his ideas were even featured on a party ', 'Abby and Brittany,  conjoined twins  have distinct personalities psychological bonds between  conjoined twins  are well-known designed." As for the  Hensel twins , when Abby drinks the time." When  conjoined twins  are not separated ', 'the egg fails to fully separate,  conjoined twins  will form, sharing some portion of Cleveland, told ABC News that some  conjoined twins  can live as "parasites," relying said. Surgery to separate live,  conjoined twins  is extremely difficult and fraught ', "the attacker died in Tuesday's attack in an apparent suicide, and was found with a number of grenades still on him.  CONJOINED TWINS  SEPARATED, AS A NATION WATCHES As Josh ELLIOT and Molly HUNTER reported this morning, hospital officials say doctors have ", 'successfully separated three other sets of  conjoined twins . A fourth set, however, died as births around the world is a set of  conjoined twins , according to the University of Maryland overall, only about 5 to 25 percent of  conjoined twins  will survive. Most  conjoined twins', 'separation surgeries are done every year in the U.S. Most  conjoined twins  never survive pregnancy, and only about 25 percent of those September that there have only been about two dozen sets of  conjoined twins  in the world who were successfully separated . Angelica ', 'surgeries are done every year in the United States. Most  conjoined twins  never survive pregnancy, and only about 25 percent of those September that there have only been about two dozen sets of  conjoined twins  in the world who were successfully separated . If the surgery ', 'they\'re just going to die anyway.\'"  Conjoined twins  are still a relatively rare phenomenon Pediatrics . The overall survival rate for  conjoined twins  is approximately 25 percent, the boys one of only two dozen sets of  conjoined twins  in the world to be successfully separated ', 'three weeks early and conjoined.  Conjoined twins  only occur in approximately one in pygopagus twins. Only 15 percent of  conjoined twins  are connected in this way; in a press became one of only two dozen set of  conjoined twins  in the world to be successfully separated ', 'The mystery of  conjoined twins conjoined twins  have been around since time a memorial but their survival taking a rare look at the science behind the phenomenon of  conjoined twins . And the story of set of twins beautiful girls who made ', 'The mystery of conjoined twins conjoined twins have been around since time a memorial but their survival is far more recent. And now National Geographic -- is taking a rare look at the science behind the phenomenon of conjoined twins . And the story of -- set of twins beautiful girls who made it through to new life. Conjoined twins have -- the world for centuries only one set of conjoined twins at every 400000. Will survive the first 24 hours after -- And when they do each set deals with the unique -- ', 'got focus twins connected the homeless find -- just how and why conjoined twins come to be as a medical mystery we do know when a fertilized egg splits into two distinct individuals. The result is ', 'might be -- but most doctors think decision not fusion -- to conjoined twins . -- theory has the best documented evidence from him neurological studies. This theory says a fertilized egg starts to separate into two separate twins but remains partly connected. Some of them may end up with an initial single umbilical cord within divides into two then somewhere around thirteenth day. Their separation is not complete. The result conjoined twins in the Roberts case the twins -- girl Shawna and Janelle learned from the start. They struggle. So -- in doing so ', "on their incredible story. Be sure liver chest and the abdomen their intestines and hearts touch and today 82 year old  conjoined twins  from the Philippines will be separated for the first time in California. And hope and that. And don't cut and Angelina ", 'the abdomen their intestines and hearts touch and today 82 year old conjoined twins from the Philippines will be separated for the first time in California. And hope and -- that. -- -- -- -- And ', 'In California those  conjoined twins  just two years older resting the surgery to separate the  conjoined twins  as a success. The fourteen today about previously separated  conjoined twins  and we noticed something in ', "In California those conjoined twins just two years older resting comfortably tonight in their separate little -- After the delicate operation to separate them including dividing their tiny sliver of the one they shared. Here's ABC's Lindsey Davis. It had to be precise too tiny lives on the line. But doctors described the surgery to separate the conjoined twins as a success. The fourteen day Angelina and Angelica said -- played games just like any other two year olds but for ", "ABC news. And this story had us wondering today about previously separated conjoined twins and we noticed something in pictures after they were separated -- show -- to these are the Alvarez twins they're Josie -- ", "Now, to the miracle surgery that is sending formerly  conjoined twins  home for the holidays. It took a team of 40 doctors 7 hours in the operating room to separate them. And abc's sharyn alfonsi ", "Now, to the miracle surgery that is sending formerly conjoined twins home for the holidays. It took a team of 40 doctors 7 hours in the operating room to separate them. And abc's ", "of relief in Philadelphia because surgeons at Children's Hospital there. Have successfully separated eight month old  conjoined twins  Alison and Emilia Tucker we're joined the lower chest and stomach they shared a liver. Before a seven hour surgery ", "because surgeons at Children's Hospital there. Have successfully separated eight month old conjoined twins Alison and Emilia Tucker we're joined the lower chest and stomach they shared a liver. Before a seven hour surgery. Nearly doctors ", 'And now, our "instant index." And it starts with a very special christmas portrait. Allison and amelia tucker with santa. 10 months old. So, what makes it amazing? Well, these girls were born joined at the chest. Sharing a diaphragm and a liver until 40 doctors separated them in a christmas']