['have been diagnosed with.  Endometrial cancer  or endometrial hyper Peja which women to have certain types of  endometrial cancer  and precancerous conditions appropriate for some forms of  endometrial cancer . That are less likely to be ', 'a cancer specialists I see many women who have been diagnosed with. Endometrial cancer or endometrial hyper Peja which can can lead to the development of cancer. Many of these women would like to someday have ', 'besides. -- removing the uterus for women to have certain types of endometrial cancer and precancerous conditions. This treatment approach is not appropriate for some forms of endometrial cancer . That are less likely to be responsive or to go away with the use of this treatment. ', "occasionally. It can indicate. That's suspicion for  endometrial cancer . However most of the time. There are signs such cancers typically very early. In order to prevent  endometrial cancer . You need to look at reducing the risk factors ", "designed to detect cervical cancer occasionally. It can indicate. That's suspicion for endometrial cancer . However most of the time. There are signs such as irregular bleeding or heavy bleeding. -- bring this -- woman's attention. And then they consult with their doctor. Fortunately because of this warning sign of the irregular bleeding. We're able to detect. And intervene on -- -- mutual cancers typically very early. In order to prevent endometrial cancer . You need to look at reducing the risk factors those -- cleared. Obesity. -- control diabetes. And untreated poly cystic ovarian disease. ", 'researchers say it may also be effective in treating  endometrial cancer  six the most common cancer in women worldwide implanted IUDs. In 34 women who have a precursor for  endometrial cancer . After one year evidence showed the disease did ', 'birth control. But researchers say it may also be effective in treating endometrial cancer -- six the most common cancer in women worldwide. The most common treatment for the disease is a total hysterectomy. Which the uterus and ovaries are remote. But now women may be able to delay that procedure with the implantation. Of an IUD. Which may stop and even reverse the cancer growth. Battalion researchers implanted IUDs. In 34 women who have a precursor for endometrial cancer . After one year evidence showed the disease did not develop further in the subjects with an IUD. After it was removed eleven ', "you do. very light periods and state is actually used in other countries to prevent hysterectomies and to prevent  endometrial cancer  and how exactly does it. Prevent pregnancy Iraq amid right abortion say exactly what that's and that's a major ", "is actually used in other countries to prevent hysterectomies and to prevent endometrial cancer and how exactly does it. Prevent pregnancy -- Iraq amid right abortion say exactly what that's and that's a major. Misconception. No ", "contraceptive. IUDs can prevent to  endometrial cancer  by 40% but only about 2 the same protection against  endometrial cancer . Doesn't matter which you reduction in the risk of  endometrial cancer  which is of the inside lining ", "just as effective as oral contraceptive. IUDs can prevent -- -- to endometrial cancer by 40% but only about 2% of women actually use them. If the -- offers the same protection against endometrial cancer . Doesn't matter which -- you issues kidding it was more inside and this is doctor David Grimes from the university of north ", 'you mentioned earlier probably a powerful. 40% reduction in the risk of endometrial cancer which is -- of the inside lining of the uterus. And then what about other doctors. May not share your enthusiasm that ', 'other findings that exercise. Is an important part of preventing this cancer. The study compared 668. Women with  endometrial cancer  to 665. Aged women in the control group. It found that women who exercised for a 115. Minutes a week or more ', 'important part of preventing this cancer. The study compared 668. Women with endometrial cancer to 665. Aged -- women in the control group. It found that women who exercised for a 115. Minutes a week or ', 'risk for cancers. Of the female genital tract obviously. So that includes cancer such as of our server coal. and  endometrial cancer  and ovarian cancer. In addition to that. There at much higher rates. And much higher risk for breast cancer approximately ', 'that includes cancer such as -- of our server coal. -- and endometrial cancer and ovarian cancer. In addition to that. There at much higher rates. And much higher risk for breast cancer approximately 99% of ', "any bleeding and if you do you should go see your doctor because it could be any number of cancers cervical cancer  endometrial cancer  ovarian cancer. On it can be something benign as well you have to go you're not serious. It's getting pregnant ", "your doctor because it could be any number of cancers cervical cancer endometrial cancer ovarian cancer. On it can be something benign as well you have to go -- you're not serious. It's getting pregnant tearing ", "very extensive surgery requires lots of operating in all and it's. And the robot would be limited for them for  endometrial cancer  and cervical cancer it's been shown to be quite effective and quite an improvement.", "and it's. And the robot would be -- limited for them for endometrial cancer and cervical cancer it's been shown to be quite effective and quite an improvement. ", 'cancer. The scientists found the tomatoes in lycopene had no on the risk of lung colorectal breast cervical or  endometrial cancer . They did find some small evidence that tomatoes reduce the risk of other cancers including prostate ovarian gastric ', 'had no -- on the risk of lung colorectal breast cervical or endometrial cancer . They did find some small evidence that tomatoes reduce the risk of other cancers including prostate ovarian gastric and pancreatic cancer. The ', "with both estrogen and protesting. Essentially doesn't seem to be any bad effect as far as predisposition to  endometrial cancer  or. Other other issues so it does seem to be safe well in that regard. This study was only done for eighteen months ", "doesn't seem to be any bad effect as far as predisposition to endometrial cancer or. Other other issues so it does seem to be safe well in that regard. This study was only done for eighteen "]