['hilarious West Side Story spoof . " George Lopez  Show" This all-Latino cast through 2007 on ABC. In it,  George Lopez  played a manager at a manufacturing with the late-night show " Lopez Tonight ," but it was canceled after ', 'Cannon, 32, renewed their vows last summer at the Eiffel Tower in Paris. In 2010, Cannon told  George Lopez  on his talk show " Lopez Tonight " that he has always been "a little attracted to women that were a little older than me." "I even ', 'send me a box of their junk. My favorite pieces are where the celebrity sends me their junk, like Rosie O\'Donnell,  George Lopez  or Phyllis Diller. She sent me, like, 20 boxes of stuff," said Mecier. When asked if Honey Boo Boo was his favorite ', "Eva Longoria and Christina Aguilera's Winning Red Carpet Style at the 2012 ALMA Awards", "a fan of changing gowns several times throughout the night to showcase Latino designers, is also co-hosting with  George Lopez . There was no shortage of Latino talent from the worlds of movies, music, TV, even sports, at last Sunday's ", "Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio Challenges George Lopez  to Meeting After Lopez's Tirade", '(ABC News) Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County, Ariz., responded to  George Lopez \'s profanity-filled tirade against him by telling the comedian to come meet with him. "Get some guts, come down here and ', 'team includes San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro, New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez, actress Eva Longoria, and comedian  George Lopez . Republicans have recently touted their efforts to dispatch Hispanic outreach directors to a dozen key battleground ', 'Kim Kardashian Cashes In Big on Wedding to Kris Humphries With Deals, Steals and Gifts', "of Kardashian's mom, Kris Jenner, as well as Justin Bieber, Christina Aguilera, Serena Williams, Demi Lovato,  George Lopez , Mario Lopez, Eva Longoria and boyfriend Eduardo Cruz, Avril Lavigne, Lindsay Lohan and her mom, Dina, and, of ", 'A 5-year-old girl has become a viral Internet sensation after declaring in a precocious YouTube clip that she doesn\'t "want to marry someone if I don\'t have a job first." As American culture becomes obsessed with saying "Yes to the dress" this independent child, whose name has not been disclosed,', 'that her followers read it, "unless you\'re allergic to laughing hysterically." Actress Alyssa Milano , comedian  George Lopez  and singer/songwriter John Mayer (who himself has more than 2 million Twitter followers) also reportedly subscribe ', 'political adviser. The extra pounds didn\'t fly with "Sex and the City" director Michael Patrick King. Noth told  George Lopez  on his show last week that King "took one look at that stomach bouncing off the floor and he said, \'Dude, we\'re ', 'political adviser. The extra pounds didn\'t fly with "Sex and the City" director Michael Patrick King. Noth told  George Lopez  on his show last week that King "took one look at that stomach bouncing off the floor and he said, \'Dude, we\'re ', "more work going on here.  George Lopez  we don't know dance with the stars this loves cars aren't out of this season when  George Lopez  went on his show a had a show on CBS called  Lopez tonight . And take a listen and it's what said ", "-- more work going on here. George Lopez we don't know dance with the stars -- this week season twelve. And Kirstie Alley celebrate loves cars aren't out of this season when George Lopez went on his show a -- had a show on CBS called Lopez tonight . And take a listen and it's what -- said about Kirstie and her performance on this -- this season's premiere. Our favorite ", "Taiwan's version of American Idol He got booted off but He sang Whitney Houston's I will always love you and now he's  George Lopez  so even we didn't show. In true fashion He has Ain't bad Bonnie Tyler yes in the president of total offense with ", "Whitney Houston's I will always love you and now he's -- -- George Lopez -- so even -- we didn't -- -- show. In true -- fashion He has -- Ain't bad Bonnie Tyler yes in ", "With the help of the Internet on a cell sheriff Arpaio gets his first glimpse of  George Lopez . Showing his hatred for Arpaio. There's no punch lines here for the just jabs and upper cuts. Arpaio fired back. What is ", "Internet on a cell -- sheriff Arpaio gets his first glimpse of George Lopez . Showing his hatred for Arpaio. -- -- There's no punch lines here for the -- -- just jabs and upper cuts. Arpaio ", "He's made TV Love Lucy does  George Lopez  show is the longest running sitcom part kept immigration. Out of the  George Lopez  show. I did gaffe I did we we go away. 120. Episodes of the  George Lopez  show. Now in syndication worldwide ", "here's that interview. He's made TV -- -- -- Love Lucy does George Lopez show is the longest running sitcom starring a Hispanic carries -- Nestor six seasons all went quiet on the set. What was ", 'community knew -- for the most part kept immigration. Out of the George Lopez show. I did gaffe I did we we did things about the jobs going to Mexico we did that we did that ', "-- -- take my 120 go away. -- 120. Episodes of the George Lopez show. Now in syndication worldwide. But he's not a fan of everything. On television what -- -- reality TV would have bouts. ", "on magic beat all the way. That's Baldwin street Baldwin treatment and that one can read it it's too small an.  George Lopez  I think he's being sarcastic when he says I believe you just locked down the Latino vote. But slightly sarcastic ", "that one can read it it's too small -- an. -- -- George Lopez I think he's being sarcastic when he says I believe you just locked down the Latino vote. But -- slightly sarcastic not ", "entertainment and news as guest who's losing their talk you out of a job recessions that everybody. CBS cancel the  George Lopez . I know I did ask these funny guys they they announced it. Yesterday in tonight's going to be last year not a longhorn ", "talk you out of a job recessions that everybody. CBS cancel the George Lopez . I know I did ask these funny guys they they announced it. Yesterday in tonight's going to be last year not a ", "William Shatner doesn't have to work anymore He could afford to say do his detractors would He jokingly sang on the  George Lopez . Instead he's still only going to have fun with this persona. This and premium in this settlement that's me ", "afford to say do his detractors would He jokingly sang on the George Lopez . Instead he's still only going to have fun with this persona. This -- and premium in this settlement that's me. And more "]