["Taiwan's version of American Idol He got booted off but He sang Whitney Houston's I will always love you and now he's  George Lopez  so even we didn't show. In true fashion He has Ain't bad Bonnie Tyler yes in the president of total offense with ", "Whitney Houston's I will always love you and now he's -- -- George Lopez -- so even -- we didn't -- -- show. In true -- fashion He has -- Ain't bad Bonnie Tyler yes in ", "With the help of the Internet on a cell sheriff Arpaio gets his first glimpse of  George Lopez . Showing his hatred for Arpaio. There's no punch lines here for the just jabs and upper cuts. Arpaio fired back. What is ", "Internet on a cell -- sheriff Arpaio gets his first glimpse of George Lopez . Showing his hatred for Arpaio. -- -- There's no punch lines here for the -- -- just jabs and upper cuts. Arpaio ", "He's made TV Love Lucy does  George Lopez  show is the longest running sitcom part kept immigration. Out of the  George Lopez  show. I did gaffe I did we we go away. 120. Episodes of the  George Lopez  show. Now in syndication worldwide ", "here's that interview. He's made TV -- -- -- Love Lucy does George Lopez show is the longest running sitcom starring a Hispanic carries -- Nestor six seasons all went quiet on the set. What was ", 'community knew -- for the most part kept immigration. Out of the George Lopez show. I did gaffe I did we we did things about the jobs going to Mexico we did that we did that ', "-- -- take my 120 go away. -- 120. Episodes of the George Lopez show. Now in syndication worldwide. But he's not a fan of everything. On television what -- -- reality TV would have bouts. ", "on magic beat all the way. That's Baldwin street Baldwin treatment and that one can read it it's too small an.  George Lopez  I think he's being sarcastic when he says I believe you just locked down the Latino vote. But slightly sarcastic ", "that one can read it it's too small -- an. -- -- George Lopez I think he's being sarcastic when he says I believe you just locked down the Latino vote. But -- slightly sarcastic not ", "entertainment and news as guest who's losing their talk you out of a job recessions that everybody. CBS cancel the  George Lopez . I know I did ask these funny guys they they announced it. Yesterday in tonight's going to be last year not a longhorn ", "talk you out of a job recessions that everybody. CBS cancel the George Lopez . I know I did ask these funny guys they they announced it. Yesterday in tonight's going to be last year not a ", "William Shatner doesn't have to work anymore He could afford to say do his detractors would He jokingly sang on the  George Lopez . Instead he's still only going to have fun with this persona. This and premium in this settlement that's me ", "afford to say do his detractors would He jokingly sang on the George Lopez . Instead he's still only going to have fun with this persona. This -- and premium in this settlement that's me. And more ", "on American Idol Aaron indeed what your yeah. He's no longer on the the show which told of uninteresting story on  George Lopez 's show. She apparently was crashing Abdul sounds right. Paul was not there as though she's Holy has an or something ", "longer on the -- the show which told of uninteresting story on George Lopez's show. She apparently was crashing -- -- Abdul sounds right. -- Paul was not there as though she's Holy -- has an ", "certainly acting differently divorced when He went on big long interview died talked about it incessantly is also is  George Lopez  and his divorce is finalized and Patricia Arquette. It's a rough week rough weekend for couples and exactly kidney ", "long interview died -- talked about it incessantly -- is also is George Lopez and his divorce is finalized and Patricia Arquette. It's a rough week rough weekend for -- -- couples and exactly kidney. Really ", "Holding tends to be the when she doesn't hold back just tell you straight up what she thinks well. Educated parents on  George Lopez 's. Talk here she was asked about all these you know another controversial issue all these new security procedures ", "just tell you straight up what she thinks well. Educated parents on George Lopez's . Talk -- here she was asked about all these you know another controversial issue all these new security procedures by the TSA ", "rob yeah. They're gonna rob banks in northern California Southern California and the person this chase in this. Is  George Lopez  He for the Tommy Lee Jones cares so would look at do to giving you that she was most fun You know what come here and ", 'northern California Southern California and the person this chase in this. Is George Lopez He for the Tommy Lee Jones cares so would look at -- do -- to giving you that she was most fun ', "compared price delivery time and how well they help. Roses are red. Violets are blue in the movie Valentine's day  George Lopez  faces quite a snap On Wednesdays the big Very true so we called for national florists to see if they'd come through ", "help. Roses are red. Violets are blue in the movie Valentine's day George Lopez faces quite a snap -- On Wednesdays the big -- -- Very true so we called for national florists to see if ", 'here last night like the New York Jets had jets quarterback Mark Sanchez Whoopi Goldberg Eva Longoria Parker comedian  George Lopez  it was definitely a star studded event entertainment by Beyonce. And there is that modern Mexican cuisine here forget ', 'Jets had jets quarterback Mark Sanchez Whoopi Goldberg Eva Longoria Parker comedian George Lopez it was definitely a star studded event -- -- entertainment by Beyonce. And there is that modern Mexican cuisine here forget that ', 'right now has actually to find the structure. Where is got a coach that he respects. Even taped Promos for comedian  George Lopez . Could drop position like secretary of state ambassador to Mexico known George. You need to change late night and ', "is got a coach that he respects. Even taped Promos for comedian George Lopez . Could drop -- position like secretary of state ambassador to Mexico known George. You need to change late night and that's the ", "final. Scheme well. Yeah. Single and about it happened started eating at Obama and and He still does yeah. Some  George Lopez  had some music and I as a joke is that what you're doing what is the house passes it well and right. spokesperson ", "at -- -- Obama and and He still does yeah. Some -- George Lopez had some -- music and I as a joke is that what you're doing what is the house passes it well and ", "like avid hiker and Ortiz from Ugly Betty. And Francisco Mendoza he's from the soccer team last USA and from the  George Lopez  show you may remember Constance Marie she is. Addicted to yoga she says it's the best work out. Find out how to ", "Mendoza he's from the soccer team -- last USA and from the George Lopez show you may remember Constance Marie she is. Addicted to yoga she says it's the best work out. Find out how to ", 'receiving gas from 2007. Million here again today and for many others like being crews. Does to magic Johnson and  George Lopez . You can check out abcnews.com. And slashing its New Zealand and remember you can also download us in English and ', '-- -- being crews. Does -- -- to -- magic Johnson and George Lopez . You can check out abcnews.com. And slashing its New Zealand and remember you can also download us in English and in Spanish ', 'is this is the first Latino show in history that has had this kind of cross over success. Tony  George Lopez  show is just canceled on ABC.  George Lopez  was upset and said that this really shows a lack of diversity on network television what are your ', 'that has had this kind of cross over success. Tony -- -- George Lopez show is just canceled on ABC. George Lopez was upset and said that this really shows a lack of diversity on network television what are your thoughts about that. You ']