['Tonight Show." "My group was Woody [Allen] and  George  [ Carlin ] and Richard Pryor and Bill Cosby. Rodney Dangerfield to do their own shows. Bill Cosby. David Brenner.  George Carlin . Everybody. I stuck around for 18 years. And they ', 'talk show. "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" is now in its 10th season. Previous recipients of the Mark Twain Prize include Richard Pryor, Whoopi Goldberg, Steve Martin, Billy Crystal,  George Carlin , Bill Cosby, Tina Fey and Will Ferrell.', '34-year-old precedent in a case called FCC v. Pacifica Foundation. At issue in that case was a broadcast of comedian  George Carlin \'s "Filthy Words" monologue which was aired on a radio broadcast in the middle of the afternoon. After complaints ', '34-year-old precedent in a case called FCC v. Pacifica Foundation. At issue in that case was a broadcast of comedian  George Carlin \'s "filthy words" monologue, aired on a radio broadcast in the middle of the afternoon. After complaints from ', "In 1972, the late comedian  George Carlin  released an album that contained a skit called the  Seven Words  you Can't Say on Television. The skit contains the  seven words , still pretty much considered obscene and not printable here. Carlin was ", 'that was as kind of genuine in spirit as the originals and without falling prey to kind of retro cynicism." Too bad  George Carlin  won\'t be around to resurrect the role of Rufus. "Scream 4." "Scream" reinvented the horror movie, and Drew ', 'political humor and explores the 1960s surge of mainstream political satire through entertainers like Elaine May and  George Carlin . The exhibit observes that "For better or worse, politicians and entertainers have dominated the public life in ', 'The late comedian  George Carlin  once observed that "electricity is really just organized lightning." When you\'re dealing with lightning, however, it is ', 'Edmund Hillary / Explorer Charlton Heston / Actor William F. Buckley / Conservative Commentator Bo Diddley / Musician  George Carlin  / Comedian Michael Crichton / Author and Producer 2007 Merv Griffin / Talk Show Host Lady Bird Johnson / First Lady ', 'for much sharper monologues, and Tommy Smothers is envious. "Every day I think, \'Gosh, I wish I could be like  George Carlin , Bill Maher, I want that edge. But every time I start to get that edgy thing, I get kind of mean." But that pointed ', 'and Medgar Evers in history-making confrontations in Montgomery and Selma. Still another was  George Carlin , whose infamous " Seven Words  You Can Never Say on Television" and "Filthy Words" comedy album routines sparked a free-speech ', "rest of us. My dad  George carlin 's early comedy was best known routine the  seven words  you can never say on From the beginning  George Carlin  was fascinated by words for life and death  George Carlin  of course had his own ", "Just last week George Carlin was selected to receive the Mark Twain prize for comedy at the Kennedy Center in Washington. He will still get the award posthumously in November with other comedians paying tribute. Carlin died yesterday of heart failure He left his unique imprint on a generation of comedians and the rest of us. My dad George carlin's early comedy was almost conventional and not always successful. He tried impressions during the Kennedy years. Be off the attorney general. To ", "And  George Carlin  died of heart failure on Sunday at a Los Angeles area hospital. He material filled with drug references and he's famous routine about  seven words  you can't say on television. The He became the subject of a regulatory ", "And George Carlin died of heart failure on Sunday at a Los Angeles area hospital. He had a history of heart problems and had been admitted to the hospital earlier in the day after suffering chest -- and -- was known for his edgy provocative -- that material filled with drug references and he's famous routine about seven words you can't say on television. The -- He became the subject of a regulatory battle after a radio broadcast of the routine ", "would be better than what we've got.  George Carlin  is one of the few comedians who can which He uses language. routine called  seven words  you can never say on television got we're doing his routine about the  seven words  you can never say on television yeah ", "that the end of civilization would be better than what we've got. George Carlin is one of the few comedians who can -- not just the club but a concert hall. He says He draws on ", "funny while ago and findings of that seems super weird and that I have haven't seen before but I is Louie CK. Or you  George Carlin  is to me he's I think my favorite comedian that I like that kind of the kind of it's dramatic social commentary ", "have haven't seen before but I is -- Louie CK. Or you George Carlin is to me he's -- I think my favorite comedian that I like that kind of the kind of it's dramatic social ", "The meaning of life according to the late great  George Carlin  is finding a place to keep your stuff. We love our stuff in this country we Some of the stuff we set aside because it's been ", 'The meaning of life according to the late great George Carlin is finding a place to keep your stuff. We love our stuff in this country we -- Some of the stuff we ']