["return respond to ABCNews.com's request for comment. In the film, the 4-year-old plays the younger version of  Elle Fanning 's character, Princess Aurora. This is the first acting gig for Vivienne, whose father is Brad Pitt. Romeo Beckham ", "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt's Acting Debut, Plus 7 More Celeb Kids Mimicking Their Parents", "return respond to ABCNews.com's request for comment. In the film, the 4-year-old plays the younger version of  Elle Fanning 's character, Princess Aurora. This is the first acting gig for Vivienne, whose father is Brad Pitt. Check out ", 'minor role as the child version of Princess Aurora opposite her mother in "Maleficent." Aurora, later portrayed by  Elle Fanning , grows up to be evil Maleficent\'s target in this live-action "Sleeping Beauty" tale. Jolie portrays the title ', 'minor role as the child version of Princess Aurora opposite her mother in "Maleficent." Aurora, later portrayed by  Elle Fanning , grows up to be evil Maleficent\'s target in this live-action "Sleeping Beauty" tale. Jolie portrays the title ', 'Performance Melissa McCarthy, Bridesmaids Rooney Mara, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo Liam Hemsworth, The Hunger Games  Elle Fanning , Super 8 Shailene Woodley, The Descendants Best Cast Bridesmaids Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 The ', "sexualization debate. In 2007, a 13-year-old Dakota Fanning posed in a controversial campaign for Marc Jacobs. Now,  Elle Fanning , 13, has followed in her sister's footsteps as the face of Jacobs' fall 2011 campaign , while her fellow young ", "In 2007, a 13-year-old Dakota Fanning posed in a controversial campaign for Marc Jacobs. Now 13-year-old  Elle Fanning  has followed in her sister's footsteps as the face of Jacobs' Fall 2011 campaign . The controversy extends to pint-sized ", 'nabbed the role. Primrose Everdeen: Kieran Shipka/ Elle Fanning . Katniss\' delicate, kindhearted little sister is originally blondes Kiernan Shipka (Sally on "Mad Men") and  Elle Fanning . I can picture either of these actresses in the role ', 'Steinfeld - "True Grit" Jacki Weaver - "Animal Kingdom" Best Young Actor/Actress * Hailee Steinfeld - "True Grit"  Elle Fanning  - "Somewhere" Jennifer Lawrence - "Winter\'s Bone" Chloe Grace Moretz - "Let Me In" Chloe Grace Moretz - "Kick-Ass ', "the proprietor of an old folks' home where he stands out with his childish antics. When a little girl named Daisy ( Elle Fanning ) visits her grandmother, a friendship is born. Benjamin leaves home at 17 (looking like 60), goes off to sail ", 'this year in fashion has been a year of between. With designers competing to dress little stars like thirteen year old  Elle Fanning  who in these Marc Jacobs that seems to have this teeny stared down pat And fourteen year old actress Hayley Steinfeld ', 'between. With designers competing to dress little stars like thirteen year old Elle Fanning who in these Marc Jacobs that seems to have this teeny stared down pat -- And fourteen year old actress Hayley Steinfeld ', 'were just an isolated incident but these days. Famous under age actresses are getting in on the act thirteen year old  Elle Fanning  has her sultry stared down pat in these Marc Jacobs And Haley Steinfeld from the movie true grit in these new new looks ', 'under age actresses are getting in on the act thirteen year old Elle Fanning has her sultry stared down pat in these Marc Jacobs -- And Haley Steinfeld from the movie true grit in these new ', "the key was to capture that moment. Where they were just you that's lasted 79 through the end of a moment and when  Elle Fanning  was around these boys acted very differently. Like suddenly there were one girl in this group yeah right and they they ", "you that's lasted 79 through the end of a moment and when Elle Fanning was around these boys acted very differently. Like suddenly there were one girl in this group yeah right and they they said "]