["And if he wasn't quite as tall and handsome as some, he more than made up for it; he was smart, funny, unpretentious. ", "Bright and charming enough to land a job next in the Tennessee Governor's press office... and then, when the Governor left office, she decided to enroll in medical school like her father and two brothers had done.", "And that's when she met him - fresh from her med school mistake. And that was that. Jim and Kelley: Together in Nashville, still in their 20s and full of life and optimism. ", 'Did he make enemies along the way? Perhaps he did. Like the ex-partner who spread word that Jim had cheated him out of a quarter of a million dollars. And, according to her friend Pam, Kelley tended to believe the partner. Pam says Kelley told her she was worried about the ill will that Jim had generated.', 'PAMELA JO BRADY: It was like a shark that smelled blood. He starts doing everything that he can to make himself look like a saint and his wife look like a crazy woman.', 'DIANE SANDERS: It was definitely a fixer-upper. And she did every bit of that herself.', 'Then one day, while Kelley was in mid-renovation, she fell, injured her back. The doctor prescribed powerful pain pills... And she liked them. A lot. She tried a treatment program in 2003.', 'And then, for a while at least, it seemed to work. They had another son. Then, in 2006, a daughter, baby number three, was born. Their friend, Maggie St. Francis, watched all this, saw how the new child seemed to trigger old problems.', "MAGGIE ST.FRANCIS: Before that baby was born she'd had trouble with drugs and alcohol then, and then that just set it off.", "DIANE SANDERS: She was takin' too many, and especially when she found out about the affair, she started really usin'.", "The affair? Yes. They'd been married a decade by then; it was the summer of 2007. He wasn't very careful. She found out.", 'It was after that when Kelley sought out the psychiatrist and began taking medication for depression.', "DIANE SANDERS: She would just be drowsy and just wanna sleep all the time. She lived off Cokes for the caffeine, you know, the buzz to keep goin'. ", "But Kelley's version of life inside the big house? When Kelley called her late at night, said her friend Pam, the conversation was sometimes a little disturbing.", 'And then, says Pamela, one night when she was on the phone with Kelley, Jim walked into the room.', "PAMELA JO BRADY: The line went dead. You ever know anybody that, they're perfectly nice people, until they're given a little power, or given a little money and power, and then they're tyrants? She was very intimidated by him.", 'Maybe that fueled her substance issues, which she struggled to keep under control. ', 'They fought passionately. And, with surprising frequency, one of them would reach for the phone.', "But here's how it worked: Kelley called 911 in fits of rage. Jim had a law degree; he knew how to turn the anger to his advantage, so said Kelley's mother. An example? A furious spat one day in the kitchen.", 'PAMELA JO BRADY: She wanted so desperately to work it out that she told that attorney to just hold off.', 'JOHN HOLLINS: He did not want a divorce. He absolutely gave her chance after chance after chance to, as he said, get straightened out', 'And then, it was May of that year. An argument escalated outside on the driveway. Kelley was beyond furious. And, this time, it was Jim who called 911.', 'JOHN HOLLINS: They arrested her at that time, charged her with felony evading arrest, felony child endangerment and I think assault against Mr. Cannon.', 'This time, Jim told his friends, Kelley had gone too far. This time the children had been involved. ', 'And then it was late at night, one last phone call to Kelley. But this time, Kelley says Jim told her he was terrified. Of someone. Or something. And he needed her help.', 'It was raging now: Turbulent marriage, the flood of love-turned-hate. But in the spring of 2008, they were finally apart. Jim had custody of the house and the children, and, to look after them, a housekeeper and a nanny.', "Strange, how quiet... No one greeted them. No busy father, no noisy kids. They went upstairs to investigate and, in the kid's bedroom, noticed something odd.", "BRAD PUTNAM: When they walk in the bedroom, they notice that the chest of drawers has moved from its original position. And it's sideways, blocking the closet door. So they move the chest of drawer back, open the closet door. And there they discover the body of James Cannon.", 'Where were they? Had someone killed Jim Cannon and then kidnapped his three kids? Putnam sent some officers to pay a visit to Kelley. And...', 'BRAD PUTNAM: They informed us that they had found the children, that they were with Kelley Cannon at her condominium.', 'Why there? Remember, Jim had custody. The answer, said Kelley, had to do with that phone call the night before, when Jim told her he was frightened by something...or maybe by someone. ', 'So Kelley said she drove to the big house, found all the lights on and the children asleep in bed... But her husband had vanished. ', 'She did what any good mother would do, she told detectives. She grabbed those children, left, and then waited for some kind of word. She hoped, she said, that Jim would call.', "DIANE SANDERS: Because they would've arrested her and thrown her back in jail, if they found out that she was over there. They would've arrested her, cause she had that restraining order.", 'DON AARON-PIO, NASHVILLE POLICE: We believe this death to be suspicious and it is being investigated as a homicide.', "The medical examiner estimated time of death to be just before, or very near, Kelley's nighttime visit. And it's true that, in many murder cases, the spouse is the first suspect.", 'Nor did it seem likely that so delicate a woman could have wrestled a big and very heavy chest of drawers to block the murder scene.', "BRAD PUTNAM: There was a Rolex watch, which is significant, because, you know, a person's not gonna leave the $5,000 watch.", 'One thing was evident: The murder of Jim Cannon was committed up close and personal. Possible reasons? Remember, he had angered a business colleague, and Kelley did catch him in an affair...And said he called her in fear the very night he was killed. But...', 'BRAD PUTNAM: I have talked to one of his business partners, and he had no knowledge of him having an affair with anybody or actually having any problems with anybody that would escalate to the point that they would do him bodily harm. ', "BRAD PUTNAM: There was a very strong odor of bleach in this closet. It's very obvious that someone had cleaned the scene down using bleach.", "...Along with, near the body, two intact latex gloves. And then, Detective Putnam saw a box of the same type of gloves in Kelley's little apartment.", "And look at that. This was the evening of Jim Cannon's death, and there was Kelley, caught by the security camera, taking a box of rubber gloves off the shelf of a nearby pharmacy. ", 'BRAD PUTNAM: The camera up front shows her walking past the cash registers with the box of gloves still under her arm, out the front door.', 'As one week ran into two, WSMV reporter Cynthia Williams noted that the camps were already forming.', 'WSMV REPORTER: Kelley Cannon is in custody tonight charged with the murder of her husband James...', 'Kelley and Jim Cannon had spent more than 11 years struggling to make their marriage work. But now Jim was dead, his strangled body found in an upstairs closet. And his stunning wife Kelley was charged with his murder.', 'BRAD PUTNAM: There was DNA in the glove. And it came back that Kelley Cannon was the contributor of that DNA.', "There was also DNA on the outside of the fingertip, which was blood. And the contributor was the victim. So, it's obvious they've had some kind of close contact.", 'And remember the smell of bleach that detectives noticed? Detective Putnam had a look at the black jeans Kelley was wearing the night of the murder.', 'BRAD PUTNAM: I noticed there appeared to be a stain on her left pants leg, consistent with someone dropping bleach.', 'If anything, said defense attorney Strianse, Kelley had been a victim in that marriage.', 'In fact, out on bail, Kelley agreed to an interview with reporter Cynthia Williams, and put it bluntly: Even though she and her husband had been estranged, in her mind, they were still a couple.', "KELLEY CANNON: Absolutely not. I love my husband still. And I still can't imagine that he is gone. We had a wonderful life together. We weren't very social. We kept to ourselves. Every weekend we spent with our children. They were our life. They are our life.", "The case against Kelley, who was living with her mother but wearing a monitoring bracelet, crawled glacially toward a trial. Her children now lived with her husband's sister. ", 'But then, in February of 2009, charged with murder but free on bail, Kelley did something odd, something that got her into even more trouble...', 'WSMV-TV: Police say the woman accused of killing her estranged husband Jim Cannon last year cut the monitoring device from her leg and was nowhere to be found for at least two hours.', 'What did she do during those two hours? She never explained that. But now she was back in jail, and stayed there for almost two years, waiting for trial. Until May 2010, when DA Katy Miller opened for the prosecution.', 'Then there was the friend who met Kelley at a local restaurant a few hours before Jim was murdered.', 'They called a man Kelley had met through a rehab program and had been seeing after the marriage collapsed. After the murder, he testified, he was understandably curious.', 'KATY MILLER: At some point did you point blankly asked Miss Cannon about what happened?', 'But he also admitted a few too many drinks might have affected his memory of that conversation.', 'PETER STRIANSE: And that caused some concern in your mind whether you were really able to accurately recall what Mrs. Cannon told you, is that right? And you expressed those concerns to the officer, is that right?', 'BRAD PUTNAM: I just wanted to be able to see if she had anything to do with this or not.', "BRAD PUTNAM: There was a mixture of the victim's blood and Kelley Cannon's blood on the left pants leg.", 'THOMAS DEERING: The only thing that was positive was ethanol and that level was hundred and forty-nine.', 'Well, maybe. The defense would have an answer for that. But what could they say about this?', 'Once she was glamorous, beautiful, gregarious. Now Kelley Cannon sat mute in the courtroom, on trial for killing her husband. And the next witness against her would be a shocker.', 'CYNTHIA WILLIAMS: She was in between tears and just sitting there with no expression on her face.', "The witness? Her 11-year-old son, Isaac. This was the first time she'd seen him for more than a year. Because he's so young, cameras were not allowed to film him", "Isaac and his two siblings had been asleep in another part of the house when their father was killed in the boy's bedroom. And now, he sat in the witness box, facing his mother, just a few feet away.", 'KATY MILLER: Do you remember what your mom said when she woke you up there in the middle of the night?', 'But now, finally, it was time for the defense to make its case. A case he might not have had to make at all, said attorney Peter Strianse, if the state had done its job and considered other options. ', 'PETER STRIANSE: In the month preceding the death, there were three very seamy suspect individuals that were all vying for her attention. ', 'Had police paid close enough attention? The defense argued that potential suspects had only been investigated in the most cursory way. One of them particularly: ', 'PETER STRIANSE: Were you aware of that? He had been arrested for attempted burglary. Were you aware of that?', 'PETER STRIANSE: Were you aware that James Malcolm Cannon represented Mrs. Baker in their divorce?', "Back when he was a practicing lawyer, Jim Cannon represented Baker's wife in a particularly nasty divorce. Mind you, there was no evidence actually connecting Baker to the murder, but it did raise the question: Had anyone harbored a grudge against Cannon, somebody other than his petite wife? And did anyone really think that she was capable of overcoming her husband's resistance, much less inflicting those fatal wounds?", 'DR. JONATHAN ARDEN: Having seen examples in over more than twenty-five years, this is an indicator of greater amount of force even within the spectrum of how much force it takes to strangle a person.', 'PETER STRIANSE: Do you have an opinion as to how much strength it would take to cause the kind of injuries that you saw?', 'DR.JONATHAN ARDEN: My opinion is that it would take a strong person. You would have to able to pull this ligature very tightly and hold it with a large amount of force.', 'The state had contended that, slightly drunk and asleep, Jim had been surprised by his attacker and lost consciousness immediately. But the defense witness maintained he put up a fight.', 'DR. JONATHAN ARDEN: So, given the multiple marks, yes, it does indicate to me that there was movement of the ligature during the events.', "PETER STRIANSE: Given the injuries that he sustained, there was a significant struggle. And I think it's very telling that she had no marks on her whatsoever. So, they really can't have it both ways.", 'By this point, of course, the trial of Kelley Cannon was big news in Nashville, and so was the rumor that she would testify on her own behalf.', 'But in the end, she did not. Instead she sat, mute and expressionless, as she listened to closing arguments.', 'ASSISTANT DA: Thank goodness her plan only worked so far, worked well enough to take her children away from their father once and for all, but not well enough to keep from being caught. And, I will submit to you, not well enough to keep from being convicted of first-degree premeditated murder. ', "PETER STRIANSE: And the point that I'm trying to make is, Mrs. Cannon was simply not capable physically or emotionally to inflict the kind of devastating damage that you heard about over the last couple of days.", 'It was a Thursday, the 11th of May, 10:45AM, when the jury retired to consider its verdict.', 'Guilty? Or innocent? And what might Kelley Cannon say? You are about to find out.', 'But Kelley did talk. Before her trial, in a phone interview with journalist Elizabeth Ulrich for Nashville Scene magazine. Here, for the first time, excerpts.', "KELLEY CANNON: I loved him with all our life. I want my children to have a father. I don't want my children to be fatherless.", 'Even so, she claimed, it was often Jim that precipitated the chaos in their home. And as for that infamous suburban car chase just a month before the murder, the one that got Kelley arrested.... ', 'ELIZABETH ULRICH: That was the time in which he said that you pushed him out of the way, and bumped his car?', "And why was Jim terrified when he called her the night he was murdered? She still doesn't know, she said.", 'And when she went to the house that night and scooped up her children, she said it was to protect her family, not destroy it. ', "She was trying to protect her family, said Kelley, that's what put her in the wrong place at the wrong time. And now, here she was, waiting for a jury.", "JUDGE: I'm going to ask you, first of all, what your verdict is with regard to the charge of murder in first degree?", "KATY MILLER: Well, when a death is involved and three children have lost their father, I'm not sure I would call it a victory.", 'PETER STRIANSE: The police, they had this thing wrapped up by the 10:00 news on that Monday that his body was found. And they were never motivated to look beyond her. ', "The man who killed her husband, said Kelley, is still out there somewhere. She said she is sure of it. And she'll have lots of time to consider where he might be.", "Kelley was sentenced to life in prison, which makes her own mother wonder...was Kelley'S insistence on innocence the right choice?", 'They rode the placid currents of a golden marriage... And then the storms, and with them the apparently inevitable flood. Until, one night in June, Jim and Kelley Cannon had their final separation, a separation that was too late to save either of them.', "CYNTHIA WILLIAMS: You don't walk away from dysfunctional, toxic relationships. You don't hop away from toxic relationships. You don't skip away from them. You run."]