['Liverpool kept its hopes for a top-four finish in the Premiership this season on life support after thrashing Swansea City, 5-0, on Sunday at Anfield.Leading up to t...', "Each day during the summer transfer window we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True ...", 'Aston Villa moved out of the Premier League relegation zone on Saturday despite throwing away a two-goal halftime lead at West Bromwich Albion to finish with a 2-2 d...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day during the summer transfer window we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True ...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Gareth Bale's superb strike earned Tottenham victory over 10-man West Brom at the Hawthorns - and closed the gap to third-placed Chelsea to one point in the Barclays...", 'Birmingham won its first trophy in 48 years after a mix-up between Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny and defender Laurent Koscielny allowed Obafemi Martins to sco...', "A Robin van Persie free-kick and Samir Nasri's 13th goal of the season put the visitors in control before an own goal from Roger Johnson added to City's misery. The ...", 'Alex McLeish hailed Birmingham\'s Carling Cup success over Arsenal at Wembley on Sunday as his "greatest achievement" as a manager.McLeish enjoyed plenty of success n...', 'Arsenal stayed on the tail of the Manchester teams at the top of the English Premier League by powering past Birmingham 3-0 on Saturday.Scores by Robin van Persie an...', "Each day during the summer transfer window we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True ..."]