['community college dunce. Some of Chase\'s memorable "SNL" cast members are no longer with us. Pioneering female comedian  Gilda Radner  died in 1989 after battling ovarian cancer; John Belushi died of a cocaine and heroin overdose in 1932. Others are still ', 'this a long time, 25 years now. It\'s nice to feel that you\'re still relevant. People like Carol Burnett,  Gilda Radner  and Lily Tomlin were my role models. "America always had really good, strong women in comedy. I love that."', 'do but really hard for a comedian to do. You\'re not hiding behind a character." She was inspired by her comedy idol  Gilda Radner  who got her start on the show 30 years ago. "I would have to say my ground zero person was probably Gilda. I remember ', 'taken to the hospital, after a call involving "an issue with sleeping pills." So we\'ll leave that alone, too, until we know more. As the late  Gilda Radner  used to say after botching news items on Saturday Night Live, "Never mind."', "Comedienne  Gilda Radner  believed in the power of laughter to bring people together and to heal. Today her legacy lives on through Gilda's Club Worldwide ", 'understanding and empathy for everyone touched by the disease. After actor Gene Wilder lost his wife, famed comedienne  Gilda Radner , he and Siegel bonded. Together they formed the first Gilda\'s Club. "It\'s a support group for people who have cancer ', "Welles to Halle Berry, all four Beatles to Morgan Freeman. In 1991, along with actor Gene Wilder whose wife, comedienne  Gilda Radner , had also died of cancer, Siegel founded Gilda's Club, a not-for-profit group that runs centers offering emotional ", "that way without having to go through the pain. My friend  Gilda Radner  put it this way: If it weren't for the downside, everybody Jane died, Gene Wilder and I started Gilda's Club for  Gilda Radner . Try their Web site, at least you can find someone who ", "didn't move, the x-ray moved, computer controlled to come at me from three different angles. Joanna Bull had been  Gilda Radner 's therapist when Gilda was fighting cancer. Joanna studies Eastern religions and taught me the Zen trick of self-hypnosis ", "which was very, very funny. Through the show there was a thread where  Gilda Radner  had a crush on me and at the end of this first show that I did, we married;  Gilda Radner  and I had a wedding ceremony, and Madeline Kahn's mother was cast ", "launched, every time the performer contract was put in front of him, it never got signed. BERNIE BRILLSTEIN: I had to call  Gilda Radner  in Vancouver and urge her not to do the David Steinberg show, a syndicated show. It was an offer she'd been considering ", 'Rowley\'s testimony that was reminiscent of Emily Litella, Saturday Night Live\'s crotchety news commentator played by  Gilda Radner . She had to admit, when asked about risk-averse behavior at FBI headquarters, that she\'s "never actually served at ', 'Edge? Many have said that Saturday Night Live lost its edge way back when they lost original cast members Dan Aykroyd,  Gilda Radner , John Belushi, Chevy Chase, Jane Curtin and others. Although I certainly agree the first ensemble cast was simply outstanding ', 'This is the -- we have best comedies, best drama, best nonhuman. And I did interviews. I talked to lorne michaels about  gilda radner  doing barbara wawa. You also got to take lucy and desi arnaz jr. Back to the set. We went back to the original set. Remember ', 'best nonhuman. And I did interviews. I talked to lorne michaels about gilda radner doing barbara wawa. You also got to take lucy and desi arnaz jr. Back to the set. We went back to the ', "teach English to the Jim Carlson and stage she worked the same stage that launched John Belushi Bill Murray Tina Fey and  Gilda Radner . When not look at. On purpose because it's not attacked I mean we may be more crass. Does that make it funny here before ", "the same stage that launched John Belushi Bill Murray Tina Fey and Gilda Radner . When -- -- not look at. On purpose because it's not attacked I mean we may be more crass. Does that make ", "remembered the Muppet Show many remember the delightfully subversive humor that came when the likes of Alice Cooper  Gilda Radner  or Peter Sellers. Shared the stage with America's most beloved bits felt. So it's kind of brilliant to revive ", "the delightfully subversive humor that came when the likes of Alice Cooper Gilda Radner or Peter Sellers. Shared the stage with America's most beloved bits -- felt. So it's kind of brilliant to revive this franchise ", "cards. It was an energy crisis. President TV commercials really yeah religion And an Atlanta being on for a year. And  Gilda Radner  had played my mother and TV commercial. And my doesn't happen to most of us it doesn't It's a very strange but I I ", "religion -- And -- an Atlanta being on for a year. And Gilda Radner had played my mother and -- TV commercial. And my -- doesn't happen to most of us it doesn't -- It's a ", "can't thank you enough. For all the controlling things you said the family here you know. founded this club along with  Gilda Radner  husband actor Gene Wilder to help cancer patients and their families and I want everybody to hear what Gene Wilder had to ", 'the family here you know. -- founded -- this club along with Gilda Radner husband actor Gene Wilder to help cancer patients and their families and I want everybody to hear what Gene Wilder had to ', "of 31. Devastated turn pain into action. He an actor Gene Wilder the first club named Kamal there's late live comedian  Gilda Radner  who had suffered from ovarian cancer. It's a support group for people who have cancer it's as simple as. When you have ", "Wilder -- the first -- club named Kamal there's late live comedian Gilda Radner who had suffered from ovarian cancer. It's a support group for people who have cancer it's as simple as. When you have "]