['Another SNL cast member bites the dust  Jason Sudeikis  confirmed he is leaving the show for good. After months of rumors swirling about his possible departure talk to David Letterman ', 'Another SNL cast member bites the dust Jason Sudeikis confirmed he is leaving the show for good. After months of rumors swirling about his possible departure -- talk to David Letterman ', 'Army private accused of leaking mass amounts of classified information to WikiLeaks. 5.  Jason Sudeikis  Confirms He\'s Leaving \'SNL\'  Jason Sudeikis  has confirmed he will not be returning to "Saturday Night Live" this fall.', 'After eight years on the air at "Saturday Night Live,"  Jason Sudeikis  says he\'s calling it quits. Sudeikis used another late-night institution to make his announcement, telling David Letterman ', 'Alexander Tamargo/Getty Images) The rumors were true:  Jason Sudeikis  will not be returning to "Saturday Night Live" this Olivia Wilde Reveals Details of Her Upcoming Wedding to  Jason Sudeikis  While the "We\'re the Millers" star, 37, acknowledged ', 'it off in a big way. In her new movie, "We\'re the Millers," Aniston, 44, plays an exotic dancer alongside  Jason Sudeikis , who stars as a drug dealer. In the trailer below, which features adult content , the former "Friends" star shows ', '"] (Jemal Countess/Getty Images) Olivia Wilde, who is engaged to "Saturday Night Live" star  Jason Sudeikis  , has big ideas about her wedding - though she can\'t seem to figure out the details. "Anything you heard [about timing] is ', 'agreed to think about talking about gun control." Obama then called on Sens. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., played by  Jason Sudeikis , and Pat Toomey, R-Pa., portrayed by Bill Hader, to join him on stage to tout the background check deal they ', 'agreed to think about talking about gun control." Obama then called on Sens. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., played by  Jason Sudeikis , and Pat Toomey, R-Pa., portrayed by Bill Hader, to join him on stage to tout the background check deal they ', 'Dave Kotinsky/Getty Images There\'s a new power couple in the entertainment world: "Saturday Night Live\'s"  Jason Sudeikis  and actress Olivia Wilde are engaged. Sudeikis has been an "SNL" cast member since 2005, and Wilde is best known ', 'his departure in June and Elliott revealed she wouldn\'t return to the show in August. Rumors have circulated that  Jason Sudeikis  may also be off the show. "Saturday Night Live" premieres Saturday with host Seth MacFarlane and musical guest ', 'Samberg has starred in films including "That\'s My Boy," "The Watch" and "I Love You Man." SNL cast member  Jason Sudeikis  may also be leaving the show. The comedian, who portrays presidential candidate Mitt Romney on the show, told the ', 'Courteney Cox and Laura Dern, suggesting that the pair is still close. Aniston was recently photographed on the set of "We\'re the Millers" in character, as a prostitute. The dark comedy also stars  Jason Sudeikis  and Emma Roberts.', 'was, predictably, the focus of "Saturday Night Live\'s" opening sketch on Saturday . Joe Biden--played by  Jason Sudeikis --complains about being overshadowed by President Barack Obama. "I was the first one who said it should be legal ', 'Another SNL cast member bites the dust  Jason Sudeikis  confirmed he is leaving the show for good. After months of rumors swirling about his possible departure talk to David Letterman ', 'Another SNL cast member bites the dust Jason Sudeikis confirmed he is leaving the show for good. After months of rumors swirling about his possible departure -- talk to David Letterman ', "I'm the hugely him come back next you'll be back in the If anybody doesn't recognize him that of course being  Jason Sudeikis  he is known for his impersonation. Vice President Biden on half an he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted to leave ", "in the -- If anybody doesn't recognize him that of course being Jason Sudeikis he is known for his impersonation. Vice President Biden on half an -- he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted ", "'Horrible Bosses' Stars Jason Bateman, Charlie Day and Jason Sudeikis , Discuss Upcoming Film", 'We\'re going to turn now to our "instant index" here on a sunday night and what\'s trending. And we begin with a power couple in the entertainment world. Actor jason sudiekis and actress olivia wilde. Jason, a "snl" staple here with melissa McCarthy. Tonight he\'s fallen for someone else known for her', "worrying breakfast some news song came. I there isn't cutting out. You know so cool she got girl christened today  Jason Sudeikis  assistant yet in the how would you with a yes Velshi I created this dance class. It's called to fly right Josh ", "cutting out. You know so cool she got girl christened today -- Jason Sudeikis assistant yet in the -- how would you with a -- yes Velshi I created this dance class. It's called to fly ", '"Saturday Night Live" star  Jason Sudeikis  discusses hit show\'s future, role in animated film \'Epic.\'', 'longer be there of sorts. Plays an exotic dancer and  jason sudeikis  said it\'s going to be great. The movie looks really playing a prostitute in "pretty woman." The is  jason sudeikis , his third movie with jennifer aniston, by the way ', 'will no longer be there of sorts. Plays an exotic dancer and jason sudeikis said it\'s going to be great. The movie looks really good. She plays a stripper and a trailer went out with her stripping and got all kinds of attention but it is -- you know, this is sort of like julia roberts playing a prostitute in "pretty woman." The is jason sudeikis , his third movie with jennifer aniston, by the way, "horrible bosses." He plays a guy, small town, small time drug dealer and ']