['reminded every then that. You know not everything is funny rented out hundreds of about everything but apparently  Gilbert Gottfried  is Hillary and MMR when you may recognize Affleck of course the insurance company and you know you know sound which ', 'not everything is funny rented out hundreds of about everything but apparently Gilbert Gottfried is Hillary and MMR when you may recognize Affleck of course the insurance company and you know you know -- sound which ', 'could this latest social media meltdown finally put an end to his bad case of over sharing. Not an instance like  Gilbert Gottfried  who needs some. You know commute statements about. Natural disaster in Japan action is going to. Move on its ', 'end to his bad case of over sharing. Not an instance like Gilbert Gottfried who needs some. You know commute statements about. Natural disaster in Japan action is going to. Move on its. -- says eight ', 'competing to be the new boys. Of the on the premise AFLAC commercials no voice will fill the void that comedian  Gilbert Gottfried  left behind. Affleck fired after after tweeted a joke. About the earthquake and tsunami disaster in Japan the first ', 'the premise AFLAC commercials no voice will fill the void that comedian Gilbert Gottfried left behind. Affleck fired after after -- tweeted a joke. About the earthquake and tsunami disaster in Japan the first. ', 'We first talked about I  Gilbert Gottfried  member He those really insensitive tweets after the Japanese. You got him fired as the voice of the and they conducted a nationwide ', 'We first talked about I Gilbert Gottfried member He -- those really insensitive tweets after the Japanese. You got him fired as the voice of the -- -- and ', 'this kind of backlash to 2006 former FL star Michael Richards was blasted. And work at an audience member. And  Gilbert Gottfried  recently lost his job as the spokesman for insensitive jokes about the Japanese earthquake. Rob Nelson ABC news ', 'star Michael Richards was blasted. And work at an audience member. And Gilbert Gottfried recently lost his job as the -- spokesman for insensitive jokes about the Japanese earthquake. Rob Nelson ABC news New York. ']