['Comedian tells talk show host David Letterman he will not be returning to "SNL" in the fall.', "I'm the hugely him come back next you'll be back in the If anybody doesn't recognize him that of course being  Jason Sudeikis  he is known for his impersonation. Vice President Biden on half an he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted to leave ", "in the -- If anybody doesn't recognize him that of course being Jason Sudeikis he is known for his impersonation. Vice President Biden on half an -- he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted ", "'Horrible Bosses' Stars Jason Bateman, Charlie Day and Jason Sudeikis , Discuss Upcoming Film", 'We\'re going to turn now to our "instant index" here on a sunday night and what\'s trending. And we begin with a power couple in the entertainment world. Actor jason sudiekis and actress olivia wilde. Jason, a "snl" staple here with melissa McCarthy. Tonight he\'s fallen for someone else known for her', "worrying breakfast some news song came. I there isn't cutting out. You know so cool she got girl christened today  Jason Sudeikis  assistant yet in the how would you with a yes Velshi I created this dance class. It's called to fly right Josh ", "cutting out. You know so cool she got girl christened today -- Jason Sudeikis assistant yet in the -- how would you with a -- yes Velshi I created this dance class. It's called to fly ", '"Saturday Night Live" star  Jason Sudeikis  discusses hit show\'s future, role in animated film \'Epic.\'', 'longer be there of sorts. Plays an exotic dancer and  jason sudeikis  said it\'s going to be great. The movie looks really playing a prostitute in "pretty woman." The is  jason sudeikis , his third movie with jennifer aniston, by the way ', 'will no longer be there of sorts. Plays an exotic dancer and jason sudeikis said it\'s going to be great. The movie looks really good. She plays a stripper and a trailer went out with her stripping and got all kinds of attention but it is -- you know, this is sort of like julia roberts playing a prostitute in "pretty woman." The is jason sudeikis , his third movie with jennifer aniston, by the way, "horrible bosses." He plays a guy, small town, small time drug dealer and ', "was There are lots of how the human in different places yet. In opposite it was a great great show that we had hit  Jason Sudeikis  is just one of the he's I've got rooting for he's been. And the and lot of the movie I wanna see it against ", "opposite it was a great great show that we had hit -- Jason Sudeikis is just one of the -- -- he's I've got -- rooting for he's been. And the -- -- -- and -- ", 'minute left. In this section of the show. Martha, my first impression off the debate was, this is a big night for  jason sudeikis . The guy that plays on "saturday night live." Does this weigh on your mind? First of all, let me tell you something ', 'first impression off the debate was, this is a big night for jason sudeikis . The guy that plays on "saturday night live." Does this weigh on your mind? First of all, let me tell you something. ', "feared that he would seem tired obviously vice president. Biden came ready to play I think it's fair to say that  Jason Sudeikis  and place them on Saturday Night Live has a lot of ammunition for Saturday night it's probably very happy tonight ", "Biden came ready to play I think it's fair to say that Jason Sudeikis and place them on Saturday Night Live has a lot of ammunition for Saturday night it's probably very happy tonight. Democrats will ", 'weekly reported that Christian Probably the funniest woman drive upgrade and of course and yes and Andy Samberg and  Jason Sudeikis  are all going to today kiss and weeks representatives said. That no decisions are made to the season is over but ', '-- drive upgrade and of course and yes and Andy Samberg and Jason Sudeikis are all going to -- -- today kiss and -- weeks representatives said. That no decisions are made to the season is ', "were involving humor of one kind or another most of which can't be repeated on the air so you watch. Let's well  Jason Sudeikis  doing you yeah. They. Just sings do you. very good I watched this gets it include as we you know we those are DVR ", "be repeated on the air so you watch. Let's well -- -- Jason Sudeikis doing you yeah. They. Just sings do you. -- very good I watched this gets it include -- -- as we you ", "well represented to and I do believe that we pull off. Similar Paul opening next week. Features Owen Wilson and  Jason Sudeikis  as to husband's granite a one week reprieve from married life and extend the out. Good guys by the way aren't ", "-- off. Similar Paul -- opening next week. Features Owen Wilson and Jason Sudeikis as to husband's granite a one week reprieve from married life and extend the -- -- -- out. -- -- -- -- ", "somewhat attractive. Fun that's on the July cover of Marie Claire magazine and inside posing with her leading and  Jason Sudeikis  Jason Bateman and Charlie day. Showing that she's not only having a fine. She's looking fierce. So it's two ", "of Marie Claire magazine and inside posing with her leading -- and Jason Sudeikis Jason Bateman and Charlie day. Showing that she's not only having a fine. She's looking fierce. So it's two all of our ", "That's actually good idea I'm you know. If you do that he's Jason to have problems with their luck Jason.  Jason Sudeikis  has them possibly by Colin Farrell. He's really just the guys so out of the other Donald Sutherland. He takes ", "he's -- Jason -- -- to have problems with their luck Jason. Jason Sudeikis has them possibly by Colin Farrell. He's really just the guys so out of the other Donald Sutherland. He takes over the ", 'things that we all face in. In these times and is a modern love story Christina Applegate his sister. Very funny  Jason Sudeikis  and Saturday and five straight ahead and sign a romantic comedies that have flat this summer so this is one of the ', 'is a modern love story Christina Applegate -- his sister. Very funny Jason Sudeikis and Saturday and five straight ahead and sign a romantic comedies that have flat this summer so this is one of the ']