['16 "Tonight" episodes with some of Carson\'s favorite guests, including Don Rickles, Jay Leno, Steve Martin,  Jerry Seinfeld , Betty White, David Letterman and Ellen DeGeneres in one of her first TV appearances. Roughly half the material ', 'car repair shop. One tradition at the Webby Awards is that winners, which this year also included Kevin Spacey,  Jerry Seinfeld , Ben Stiller and Fred Armisen, are allowed to make only "five-word speeches" when accepting their awards. Rather ', "SeinfeldToday , we're getting a taste of what traumas  Jerry Seinfeld  and the gang might wrestle with today. Barely 24 comedy these days depends on the Internet, and I think  Jerry Seinfeld  (the character) would have a difficult time building ", 'Below, in no particular order, some of the funniest and most heartfelt: RELATED: Live Updates: Hurricane Sandy  Jerry Seinfeld : "Mayor Bloomberg going with zip up neck sweater to fight Sandy. Shows preparedness. Windy: zip it up Storm over ', 'to Bravo\'s Andy Cohen to Rob Lowe to Seth Meyers. "Live!" has employed various guest co-hosts, including  Jerry Seinfeld , Kim Kardashian and Neil Patrick Harris, since Regis left.', 'Michael Tran/FilmMagic/Getty Images  Jerry Seinfeld  will be bringing his comedy back to where it all started this fall with a string of stand-up performances across New York City ', 'Jerry Seinfeld , seen greeting Kramer in the TV show "Seinfeld," revealed a secret in his scripts. (NBC/The Kobol Collection) "Seinfeld" creator  Jerry Seinfeld  revealed that his scripts contained a "secret tribute" to the late ', 'been significant. The Ginsu knife commercial has been spoofed on "Saturday Night Live" and comedians, including  Jerry Seinfeld  and Gallagher, have all had fun with the concept. "Every joke-teller [is] using, \'But wait , there\'s more ', "that he suffered from the baby blues after the birth of their daughter Mira. Nederlander, 46, was first married to  Jerry Seinfeld 's wife Jessica Sklar . After their Italian honeymoon, and barely a month after they wed, she asked for a divorce ", "Canaveral, Florida. Other celebrities on hand for the festivities surrounding the ship's christening were comedian  Jerry Seinfeld  and actor Neil Patrick Harris. Mayor Michael Bloomberg, the mayor of New York City, was also on hand. The 4 ", 'say, when they are applauding, stop.\' Whoops - that wasn\'t actually a Costanza quote from Seinfeld, it was  Jerry Seinfeld  from "Seinfeld." Although the real Costanza, actor Jason Alexander, tweeted in response: "Thrilled Gov. Romney ', 'say, when they are applauding, stop.\' Whoops - that wasn\'t actually a Costanza quote from Seinfeld, it was  Jerry Seinfeld  from "Seinfeld." Although the real Costanza, actor Jason Alexander, tweeted in response: "Thrilled Gov. Romney ', 'prior to its Super Bowl debut which some experts say may have taken away from the surprise socially, and comedian  Jerry Seinfeld \'s ad for Acura, which brought back the sitcom\'s iconic "Soup Nazi" character.) Top 10 Most Commented On Super ', "You see emeril is here to sweeten up our morning and the holidays. With recipes for cookies. We've been eating them. Every one of them is fantastic. Everyone in. Those are gluten-free. These are ginger. Oh, yeah. Let's make some cookies. That's not a euphemism. Bye. You're going to find out how to", 'Here with  jerry seinfeld . And another special guest, bob rossi, for the david lynch foundation. We all practice transdental meditation, until I learned ', 'Here with jerry seinfeld . And another special guest, bob rossi, for the david lynch foundation. We all practice transdental meditation, until I learned it from you ', "downhill and He says. It's all  Jerry Seinfeld 's fault ABC's Linda Davis altered state. And He does blame  Jerry Seinfeld . She's just great. Do without I absolutely do not think that  Jerry Seinfeld  show the merry draft and broke ", "the marriage wrap their marriage went downhill and He says. It's all Jerry Seinfeld's fault ABC's Linda Davis joins us. With more on this story and -- little bizarre it -- a difference -- it's not you it's me it's reality TV their marriage went from all -- -- -- on the -- faster than you can say reality -- -- -- says reality TV producers through his good marriage into an altered state. And He does blame Jerry Seinfeld . She's just great. Do without thinking of. These are the colon birds during happier times. Before highly Colin -- says there -- ", "shocker alone that hasn't really happened. I absolutely do not think that Jerry Seinfeld show the merry draft and broke up this marriage this is a couple that was having financial problems. There was clearly having ", "In today's tech a dangerous program in Apple's App Store it's the first time that's happened in the apple venue. The finding app would capture users' contacts spam them with text messages it was also available in Google's Android store. Both companies have removed it. First Internet retailer Amazon", "got bird flipping beer swilling bed at a recent it OK so instead could be taken to the central office that day she was stopped to Jerry cells lost luxury box OK I was cool with that but apparently He isn't at all and here's what He sent. This woman a jerk. High grade there. I'd say I can't believe"]