['Famous Birthdays 1929 Frank Gehry 1931 Dean Smith 1940 Mario Andretti 1944 Carole Bishop 1953 Paul Krugman 1955  Gilbert Gottfried  1956 Guy Maddin 1957 John Turturro 1969 Robert Sean Leonard 1970 Daniel Handler 1976 Ali Larter View more videos ', 'he doesn\'t make any more damaging gaffes. 3.  Gilbert Gottfried  @RealGilbert "Japan is really advanced. They don\'t go to the beach. The beach comes to them."  Gilbert Gottfried , the duck-voiced spokesman for Aflac insurance ', 'Japan relief efforts. Not every celebrity has taken a compassionate attitude towards the crisis. Monday, comic  Gilbert Gottfried  lost his job as the voice of the Aflac duck after he tweeted, "Japan is really advanced. They don\'t go to the ', 'an ill-timed remark. Comic  Gilbert Gottfried , who lost his job as the voice floating by any minute now."  Gilbert Gottfried  Fired for Comments Howard Stern more inappropriate person than  Gilbert Gottfried ." Before Gottfried, rapper ', 'clip from Glenn Beck\'s radio show. Beck isn\'t the only personality making off-color remarks. Monday, comic  Gilbert Gottfried  lost his job as the voice of the Aflac duck after he tweeted, "Japan is really advanced. They don\'t go to the ', 'While Some Stars Donate After Japan Earthquake, Gilbert Gottfried , 50 Cent Joke', 'ignorant I do it for shock value." 50 isn\'t the only star who sparked controversy with ill-timed tweets. Comic  Gilbert Gottfried  lost his job as the voice of the Aflac duck after he tweeted, "Japan is really advanced. They don\'t go to the ', 'Robert Schimmel, Julian McCullough,  Gilbert Gottfried , Tommy Davidson and Susie Essman. Please Sit Down for McCullough\'s Stand-up  Gilbert Gottfried : What\'s Eating  Gilbert Gottfried ? Tommy Davidson: "In Living Color" Alum ', 'Rivers, and Rodney Dangerfield "I could make that joke funny, but only if I used obscenities every three words."  Gilbert Gottfried , stand-up comic and voice of the AFLAC duck in TV commercials "Sure, Dr. Wiseman can find the funniest joke ', "I'm Cameron mathison and we are teaming with the legendary Caroline's on Broadway comedy club for power Caroline's on G and they were joined by Caroline Hirsch and the legendary comic Gilbert. thank you for joining us good to have you back through like I had this morning explain it actually. I", 'reminded every then that. You know not everything is funny rented out hundreds of about everything but apparently  Gilbert Gottfried  is Hillary and MMR when you may recognize Affleck of course the insurance company and you know you know sound which ', 'not everything is funny rented out hundreds of about everything but apparently Gilbert Gottfried is Hillary and MMR when you may recognize Affleck of course the insurance company and you know you know -- sound which ', 'could this latest social media meltdown finally put an end to his bad case of over sharing. Not an instance like  Gilbert Gottfried  who needs some. You know commute statements about. Natural disaster in Japan action is going to. Move on its ', 'end to his bad case of over sharing. Not an instance like Gilbert Gottfried who needs some. You know commute statements about. Natural disaster in Japan action is going to. Move on its. -- says eight ', 'competing to be the new boys. Of the on the premise AFLAC commercials no voice will fill the void that comedian  Gilbert Gottfried  left behind. Affleck fired after after tweeted a joke. About the earthquake and tsunami disaster in Japan the first ', 'the premise AFLAC commercials no voice will fill the void that comedian Gilbert Gottfried left behind. Affleck fired after after -- tweeted a joke. About the earthquake and tsunami disaster in Japan the first. ', 'We first talked about I  Gilbert Gottfried  member He those really insensitive tweets after the Japanese. You got him fired as the voice of the and they conducted a nationwide ', 'We first talked about I Gilbert Gottfried member He -- those really insensitive tweets after the Japanese. You got him fired as the voice of the -- -- and ']