["Here you'll find our car buying tools-Inventory search, specials, credit application and service appointments. We at Stapp Interstate Toyota bring these to you to make buying and owning your used car more convenient. It's our way of providing you with excellent service from the start.", "We're here to help you buy the used vehicle that's right for you. You'll find several tools on this site to make the process as easy as possible. Browse Stapp Interstate Toyota's used car inventory, view our specials, apply for credit or arrange for service.", 'Stapp Interstate Toyota\'s Used Car Department stocks ">Toyota Certified pre-owned and used vehicles. Whether you\'re shopping GMC, Honda, Mazda or another make, all our used cars and trucks have been put through an exhaustive mechanical inspection that assures you of trouble-free driving. Our plentiful inventory means Stapp Interstate Toyota offers great values on every vehicle in stock. Stop by our Frederick used Toyota Scion dealership and browse our used car inventory.', "If the economic downturn has put the squeeze on your finances and you need to replace your current vehicle or add a second car, buying used can be the path to economical transportation. Stapp Interstate Toyota's access to trade-ins, as well as our buying power throughout the Denver area, are what allow us to carry an exceptional selection. While a used car saves you money when you buy, the practicality extends to lower insurance premiums, and used cars typically depreciate more slowly. Bring your trade-in from anywhere in the Denver area and shop our inventory of fine used cars, trucks, minivans and SUVs.", "If the economic downturn has put the squeeze on your finances and you need a new car, buying used can be the path to economical transportation. Stapp Interstate Toyota's access to trade-ins and buying power throughout Colorado gives us the distinct advantage of carrying an exceptional selection. While a used car saves you money when you buy, the practicality extends to lower insurance premiums, and used cars typically depreciate more slowly. Bring your trade-in from anywhere in the Denver area and shop our inventory of fine used cars, trucks, minivans and SUVs. ", 'View our Extensive Inventory of Pre-Owned and Used Toyota Scion Vehicles Including:']