['It was the police - more than a dozen of them - swarming all over the property. One deputy started questioning Melinda.', "Brooke: I like got out of bed and I went to the kitchen and I looked and I seen that there was a guy in the kitchen, but it scared me, so I ran back to the bedroom. I just remember like when I went back to the room - like he came in there and then I just remember like I blacked out and then - that's it. ", "When Brooke arrived home about 45 minutes later, her mom -- Melinda's only sister, April Sutton -- could hardly recognize her.", 'April Sutton: She was covered from head to toe in blood and she was trying to tell me that something was wrong with my mother. ', 'As it turned out, Brooke told her mother she could identify the killer ... And he was no stranger.', 'Within the course of a few dizzying minutes, Melinda would learn that her mother had been murdered... and would watch helplessly as her husband, Clarence, was arrested and charged with the crime.', 'SaraJames: Your niece, who knew your husband well, was saying that he was the person who attacked her?', 'Melinda Elkins: Yes. Those were her first words, that it looked like Uncle Clarence.', 'Now detectives at the Barberton, Ohio police department had just charged her husband Clarence with the crimes.', "Melinda Elkins: The whole feel of it was just kind of surreal, I mean, I remember thinking, this can't be happening. ", "What made the situation even more surreal: Her husband's accuser was their niece, Brooke, who was attacked that same night.", 'Melinda Elkins: Convinced is not the word. I absolutely knew 100 percent that he did not do that. ', 'Clarence Elkins: I went out and had a couple beers with my friends and came home about 2:40 a.m. Sunday morning. ', "What's more, Melinda says she'd seen Clarence when he returned home since she'd been up half the night, caring for a sick child.", "But police were equally absolute in their conviction that Clarence was guilty. The rudimentary DNA tests available back in 1998 didn't provide any evidence to link Clarence to the crime but authorities relied on other evidence to build their case. ", 'Melinda Elkins: They were mad at me, they were upset that I would lie, and, you know, stick up for him.', 'Brooke: I remember when they asked me to point him out, and I just remember all these people staring at me.', 'And she would have to figure it out with no money, no clues, and no investigative experience.', "Soon, she'd find herself doing her own detective work, going undercover, putting herself in dangerous situations, driven by her unwavering belief in her husband's innocence.", 'Yant agreed to take the case, and along the way, teach her some tricks of the trade to become a detective herself.', 'Sara James: How did you transform yourself from wife to mom to CSI investigator?', "Melinda launched her investigation by scrutinizing her mother's life -- making a list of men Judy Johnson knew who could be potential suspects.", 'And she went one step further. Her plan was to angle for opportunities to collect DNA from potential suspects and then test it.', "And there wasn't only the question of money to pay for DNA testing. How would they overcome the cornerstone of the prosecution's case? That damning eyewitness testimony by Melinda's little niece, Brooke, who'd said Clarence was the killer?", "Soon after, Clarence's attorney questioned Brooke in this videotaped deposition.", 'But after watching the deposition, prosecutor Sherri Bevan-Walsh was not convinced. She thought the girl had been coached to change her story.', 'SherriBevan-Walsh: When this occurred with the little girl recanting-- we did think it was just yet one more way to try to get a new trial that, in fact, was not true.', "SaraJames: You felt confident that if you could get the DNA evidence from the crime scene and match that against your husband's, it would prove he didn't do it?", 'SaraJames: Did you find yourself believing that she might have a significant case here? Might have a real case?', "While Melinda's defense team pushed to get samples of DNA from the crime scene, the original prosecutors were dead set against it.", 'But Sherri Bevan Walsh - who inherited this case when she took office in 2000 - later agreed to turn it over, setting in motion a chain of events that would turn this case upside-down.', "SaraJames: My understanding is that wasn't a very popular decision among your own staff.", "SherriBevanWalsh: If I had worries about it, I certainly didn't have to turn it over. We believed that by testing the evidence-- it would show that the other person they were accusing did not do it.", 'It seemed clear to Melinda that Clarence would be exonerated, but not to Prosecutor Walsh.', 'She said because it was skin cell DNA, and not DNA from bodily fluid, it was not convincing enough proof that Clarence was innocent.', "Melinda Elkins: I just couldn't believe it. My thought was, what is it gonna take. They want me to hand this murderer on a silver platter to them? Well, by damn, that's what I'm gonna do.", 'Melinda Elkins: They are not gonna get away with this. What the hell are they going? What are they thinking?', 'Remember, Brasiel said she was making her kids breakfast when a battered and blood-stained little Brooke showed up on her doorstep to say her grandma had been murdered. ', 'As MelindaElkins read that newspaper article about Tonia Brasiel, she began to suspect why.', "Melinda Elkins: What jumped out at me was Tonia Brasiel's name in the article. And what it had said was her common law husband had been charged with three counts of rape of children under the age of ten.", "By now a seasoned investigator, Melinda Elkins knew exactly what she needed. She had to find some way to collect Earl Mann's DNA to see if it matched those crime scene samples. But there was a big problem because Earl Mann was behind bars sentenced to seven years. ", "That was Melinda Elkins's plan. In writing to Mann, she pretended to be someone else.", 'Sara James: What did it feel like to write those letters to this man who you thought killed your mother and raped your niece?', "Melinda Elkins had a thought. Maybe there would be some way for her husband to collect Mann's DNA.", 'Clarence Elkins: I come in one hot summer day and seeing out of the corner of my eye that Earl Mann was putting out a cigarette butt. I just knew at that point I need to do something. ', "And just in the nick of time. Earl Mann was transferred to another prison a few days after he got the DNA, so if that opportunity hadn't come up, it would have been lost forever. ", 'Two weeks later, Clarence smuggled the cigarette butt out in a letter to his attorney who immediately sent it to a lab for testing.', "Then, lawyers learned of another, even more specific DNA test which could be conducted on a pubic hair found on little Brooke's panties.", "Clarence Elkins would be a pawn in this game, and what he, and Melinda Elkins didn't know was that prosecutors were trying to clear him.", "Melinda Elkins: I really didn't think they were going to look into it as seriously as they did-- simply because they wanted to hold onto their conviction.", 'Melinda Elkins feared that solitary would break Clarence. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to her, police were trying to break Earl Mann.', "Polygraphexaminer: Like I said before, when I'm doing the test, I'm watching you.", 'In this exclusive video obtained by dateline, Mann takes the first of five polygraph tests. ', "Over the course of weeks, then months, Mann flunked every polygraph test while investigators started finding cracks in his story. At first, he said he didn't know Judith Johnson, Melinda Elkins's mother.", 'Then he said he did know her...and had an admission. On the night of the murder, he claimed he had had consensual sex with Johnson, but that she was still alive when he left her house.', "Melinda Elkins believed, however, that she'd delivered her mother's killer to Prosecutor Walsh and that she was doing nothing about it.", 'Melinda Elkins prayed her husband would be home in time to open presents with his family for the first time in nearly eight years.', 'Melinda Elkins: I think this would be the best Christmas present that any of us could ever ask for. ', "Armed with her latest DNA evidence, MelindaElkins and her legal team prepared for a press conference that day to call for Clarence's immediate release. ", "Then, just minutes before the press conference began, MelindaElkins got the news she'd been waiting for. After seven and a half years, the prosecutor was dropping all charges against Melinda Elkins's husband....her investigation had moved far enough along that she could let him out of prison.", "MelindaElkins now had a call to make - one she'd been hoping of making for more than seven years. ", "Melinda Elkins: You ready to come home? Then get your stuff packed, honey, you're coming home today. ", 'On a snowy December day in 2005, Clarence Elkins, now 42-years-old, walked out of prison -- free at last.', 'But the celebration was bittersweet. There was outrage that it had taken so long for a catastrophic mistake to be corrected. ', 'When Prosecutor Sherri Bevan-Walsh dropped the charges against Clarence, she publically announced she had made a mistake and for the first time identified Earl Mann as the new prime suspect.', 'Sherri Bevan Walsh: We are expecting that by the completion of this investigation, that charges will be forthcoming against Earl Mann.', "Sherri Bevan Walsh: I know he's guilty, but can I prove that? Can we prove that to a jury?", "Sherri Bevan Walsh: I know he's guilty, but can I prove that? Can we prove that to a jury is the next issue--", "Sara James: --prove it, but overcome the fact that you've already convicted somebody else and messed up.", 'For seven and a half years, prosecutors had told the world they had the killer and his name was Clarence Elkins...', 'Sherri Bevan Walsh: I think it hurts our credibility. So we need to have an even stronger case against Earl Mann to-- to try to overcome the negatives. ', 'Clarence and Melinda Elkins went to his arraignment and watched him plead not guilty via closed circuit camera. Melinda Elkins thought her quest for justice might soon be over.', "But Earl Mann was about to do something that would torture his victims all over again. With a trial looming just months away, Mann made a shocking announcement in court that sent shivers down Melinda Elkins's spine.", 'Mann told a judge that he had fired his lawyers and that he would represent himself at trial.', "Mann in court: I pretty much feel I got myself into this mess by talking to investigators in this case. And what the state alleges a partial confession is in fact false, they know it and I feel I should get myself out of it. If not, I'm the one who will have to suffer the consequences.", 'Sara James: You learned that Earl Mann was saying he was gonna represent himself which would mean that he would have the ability to cross-examine everybody including Brooke.', "She never had to. After seven and a half years, and all of Melinda Elkins's investigating, Earl Mann would finally admit in court that he killed her mother and attacked her niece. The court announced that Mann had negotiated a plea agreement. Before his sentencing, MelindaElkins and Clarence would finally confront in court the demon who'd demolished their lives.", "Melinda Elkins thinks it's partly because prosecutors felt she was just another criminal's wife trying to get her husband out of jail. However, in her case, she says, there was one important difference that made her more credible.", 'For many years, the fate of Clarence Elkins seemed to boil down to a battle of wills between two strong women, MelindaElkins and prosecutor Sherri Bevan-Walsh. But in the end, there was common ground.', "SherriBevan-Walsh: For whatever anyone wants to say about MelindaElkins and her aggressiveness and how vocal she was-- if it weren't for MelindaElkins, this wouldn't of happened. ", 'Melinda Elkins: During the 7.5 years when I fought for this case, I pushed emotions back so far that that feeling of being his wife was gone. ', "Clarence Elkins: I don't know where to pick up really. I have a tendency to go back before I was arrested. Ad just want to be with my sons everyday like nothing ever happened.", "But recently one thing has helped salve the wounds of their breakup, a little girl named Madison, MelindaElkins and Clarence's first grandchild.", 'Melinda Elkins: She has brought joy and happiness-- real joy and happiness that you feel every time you look at her.', 'For so many years hope was all there was. Now after seeing hope translated into reality, on the day Earl Mann pleaded guilty, MelindaElkins went to the place where she made that promise to her mother ten years before.', 'Melinda Elkins: We went to the cemetery and we put flowers on the grave and we released balloons and that-- that day was for her, that day was-- she finally got justice.']