['When a freight train comes barreling through, there is little time to react. It is a metaphor all too familiar to quarterbacks at any level.There are plenty of defensive linemen who can make plays upfield, but only a few of them who excel in that regard and are true difference makers.Here are the top defensive ends entering the 2013 season:DEFENSIVE ENDSJADEVEON CLOWNEY (South Carolina): Regarded as not only the top returning defensive player, but the most talented player on either side of the football, the 6-foot-6, 276-pound Clowney is unstoppable. In just two short years in Columbia, he has NFL scouts drooling. Finishing last in the NFL is certainly not a good thing, but this season the silver lining for that unfortunate team will be the ability to grab Clowney. After earning Freshman All-America honors in 2011, Clowney terrorized offensive linemen and quarterbacks alike to the tune of unanimous first-team All-America honors as a sophomore this past season. He won the Hendricks Awar...', "One of the longest standing rivalries in college football will be renewed Saturday afternoon in the 115th edition of the 'Big Game' between the Stanford Cardinal and...", 'No. 7 Notre Dame stands tough in OT and beats No. 17 Stanford  20-13 to stay unbeaten', 'TJ Jones made a reaching 7-yard touchdown catch in overtime and No. 7 Notre Dame stopped Stanford inches from the goal line to beat the 17th-ranked Cardinal 20-13 Sa...', "Usua Amanam's interception with over two minutes remaining helped seal Stanford's first Rose Bowl victory since 1972, when it was known as the Indians.Stepfan Taylor...", 'In its first game since upsetting USC, the No. 8 Stanford Cardinal make a trip to Seattle to take on the Washington Huskies in a Pac-12 conference clash at CenturyLi...', "So far, so good.Andrew Luck's decision to remain at Stanford appeared wise on Saturday, as last year's Heisman runner-up threw for 171 yards and two touchdowns in th...", 'Violentas ventiscas de nieve que han provocado fatales accidentes y bloqueado carreteras dificultaron el martes los viajes en el centro de Estados Unidos, aunque las...', 'Just a week after meeting in the regular- season finale, the No. 17 UCLA Bruins and the No. 8 Stanford Cardinal will square off yet again, this time with the Pac-12 ...', 'In what could be a preview of the Pac-12 title game, the No. 11 Stanford Cardinal will land in the Rose Bowl looking to slow down the No. 15 UCLA Bruins in the regul...', 'Inconsistent Golson, steady Rees provide Notre Dame just enough offense to remain unbeaten', 'Fifth-ranked Notre Dame has used two quarterbacks in almost every game this season. It could be a different duo against Brigham Young on Saturday.Everett Golson sust...', 'At this point, it can be readily agreed upon that coach David Shaw and the Stanford Cardinal have not suffered much of an Andrew Luck/Jim Harbaugh hangover.In the tw...', 'For the first time since 2009 someone other than Andrew Luck will start under center for Stanford, as the 21st-ranked Cardinal open the season on Friday night agains...', 'After Stanford  pushed Notre Dame around past 2 years, Irish seek to show improvement', "Notre Dame's offensive linemen want to prove something against No. 17 Stanford after being pushed around by the Cardinal the past two seasons.Stanford (4-1) held the...", '2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: David Shaw really excelled in his first season as head coach at Stanford, after taking over for Jim Harbaugh. The Cardinal went 11-2, reached ...', 'Tommy Rees came off the bench to throw a 7- yard touchdown pass to TJ Jones in overtime, while the Notre Dame defense followed with a goal-line stand to keep the No....', 'Pac-12 football fans are in for a treat this weekend when the high-octane Oregon Ducks host the bruising Stanford Cardinal in a matchup of Top-15 squads at Autzen St...', 'The 15th-ranked Stanford Cardinal bring their stingy defense to Boulder in an attempt to tame the hapless Colorado Buffaloes in a Pac-12 conference matchup Saturday ...']