['For the first time, content from "The Tonight Show Starring  Johnny Carson " is available for digital download. Starting Tuesday, two volumes of material from the King of  Late Night  can be purchased from the iTunes store. A compilation edition ', 'postseason. That\'s "losing" as in not a single winning record since the first George Bush lived in the White House and  Johnny Carson  was just retiring from "The Tonight Show." Pittsburgh\'s baseball fans have always been noticeably restive ', 'philosophy: "Everyone\'s more fun with their shoes off." Originally named "Pretzel," Twister took hold when  Johnny Carson  played the game with Eva Gabor on "The Tonight Show" in 1966. Washing Hair in Space Astronaut Karen Nyberg recently ', 'in film ("It\'s a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World") and television ("Mork & Mindy"). He was also a regular on  Johnny Carson \'s "Tonight Show" and recorded comedy albums in the sixties.', 'Hollywood, which makes Seth MacFarlane a big unknown as Oscar host. Will he be more like his favorite Oscar host,  Johnny Carson  -- or more like the Ricky Gervais of the 2011 Golden Globes who ruffled some feathers? MacFarlane revealed on "Good ', 'to him as possible targets for jokes. As for MacFarlane\'s favorite Oscars host? "You know, I think - I think  Johnny Carson  is probably the ... gold standard," he said. The 85th Annual Academy Awards will broadcast live Sunday on ABC ', 'about not being one of the boys and her falling out with  Johnny Carson , for whom she guest hosted for years on "The Tonight Show around for 18 years. And they finally offered me my own  late - night  show." "The first person I called was Johnny, and he ', 'State Department officials confirmed that the Obama administration has dispatched the top U.S. diplomat for Africa,  Johnny Carson , to Central Africa this weekend to help negotiate an end the latest crisis in the Democratic Republic of Congo reports ', 'State Department officials confirmed that the Obama administration has dispatched the top U.S. diplomat for Africa,  Johnny Carson , to Central Africa this weekend to help negotiate an end the latest crisis in the Democratic Republic of Congo ', "hard to imagine it now, but Don Francisco could've ended up as a Chilean version of Oscar de La Renta if a certain  Johnny Carson  had not piqued his interest. He spent two years watching and absorbing everything on American TV and upon his return ", "Shapiro has made a career of defending celebrities and famous athletes, including O.J. Simpson, Darryl Strawberry,  Johnny Carson , and the Kardashians. He was named the lead counsel of Simpson's team soon after the double-murders, but was ", 'Marie Barone" Marion Ross as "Marion Cunningham" Barbara Billingsley as "June Cleaver" Best TV Host WINNER:  Johnny Carson  Other finalists: Ellen DeGeneres Oprah Winfrey Carol Burnett David Letterman Best Non-Human Character WINNER: Kermit ', 'Lennon was] the most famous person I knew of." He said he had a list of six or seven potential targets, including  Johnny Carson , Elizabeth Taylor and actor George C. Scott. Lennon just happened to be the most famous, Chapman said. "I would ', "Here's Johnny the late tonight show host Carson group has launched  Johnny Carson  dot com. Hailing him as the king of  late night  the site includes thirty years and 3300. Hours of laughs from Carson. When of those funny ", 'Johnny the late tonight show host Carson -- -- group has launched Johnny Carson dot com. Hailing him as the king of late night the site includes thirty years and 3300. Hours of laughs from Carson. When of those funny moments -- -- -- exchange between ', 'He was inspired by a simple philosophy, everyone is more fun with their shoes off. It became a sensation after  johnny carson  played tster with ava ga bore on the tonight show in 1966. It became an american classic throughout the years. The ', 'is more fun with their shoes off. It became a sensation after johnny carson played tster with ava ga bore on the tonight show in 1966. It became an american classic throughout the years. The gang ', 'treasure chests buried beneath the ocean. You know  Johnny Carson  of course is the man changed television the Tonight the treasure. As we watch his To up. The very first  Johnny Carson  show June 19557. Years before he take over the Tonight ', "like finding the comic treasure chests buried beneath the ocean. You know Johnny Carson of course is the man changed television the Tonight Show but. Here's Johnny he made his name and sketch comedy and -- ", '-- To -- up. -- -- -- -- -- The very first Johnny Carson show -- June 19557. Years before he take over the Tonight Show. What is that hesitation before he walks through the -- ', "is moving through 1155. And in  late night  TV. The people tend to go to sleep when Jack was on that's when  Johnny Carson  was on. been doing this ten years uncomfortable question any other tips for  late night  success if somebody is bad not ", "at the big countdown. Jimmy Kimmel is moving through 1155. And in late night TV. The -- people tend to go to sleep at midnight that's for summaries -- the magic number and symbolically. It means a lot because that's when. Steve Allen was on that's when Jack -- was on that's when Johnny Carson was on. -- -- -- -- been doing this ten years he's -- -- There were times when. I hope the show ", "So he's not afraid of the uncomfortable question any other tips for late night success if somebody is bad -- not funny they're droning on. I take it upon myself to live in the interview up ", "very short history of television.  Johnny Carson  swan song may have indeed been heartfelt goodnight. ruled the  late night  roost for so long. That his departure And no matter what happens to  Johnny Carson 's empire in the midnight hour ", "time period. But the television graveyard is already chock full of former late night hosts. If it's really far too premature to really predict who's going to win. It's very difficult you really have to wait. For all the handicapping and hyperbole about the winners and losers in late night TV. Even Jay Leno likes to point out that the losers are still likely to walk away with a couple of million dollars. And no matter what happens to Johnny Carson's empire in the midnight hour all the rest of us have to lose is a little slate. This is Chris Bury for ", 'itself the hometown of the late  Johnny Carson . Johnny although his name is Com and Dick Carson the brother  Johnny Carson  says the festival is especially continue this To the king of  late night  for years to come for ABC news ', 'success organizers are hoping to continue this -- To the king of late night for years to come for ABC news on campus Carson -- -- -- for -- -- ', "Time and index the big shakeup in  late night  television couldn't be in the starts at that big headline from the  late night  shifted his official the long rumored car. And for nearly thirty years  Johnny Carson  wireless. Bob and Carol and Ted ", "coming up next here it's. Time and index the big shakeup in late night television couldn't be -- in the human error. That's next. Our instant index starts at that big headline from the late night shifted his official the long rumored change at the Tonight Show what. February 2014. The show moved to New York for the new host Jay Leno out Jimmy Fallon in -- aren't. Nice to see this is the end of an era that began with a comparatively gentler comedy of Steve Allen -- car. And for nearly thirty years Johnny Carson wireless. Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice and -- and -- Today's comedy of course is all about video and music "]