['for "The Loneliest Planet" David O. Russell for "Silver Linings Playbook" Ira Sachs for "Keep The Lights On"  Benh Zeitlin  for "Beasts of the Southern Wild" Best Screenplay Wes Anderson & Roman Coppola for "Moonrise Kingdom" Zoe Kazan for ', 'good graces? Sweets. Lots of sweets. The breakout star of " Beasts of the Southern Wild " worked with director  Benh Zeitlin  to choose who would play the role of her dad in the movie, and sweets just may have swayed her decision. "They had ', 'Grant Heslov, Graham King, David Klawans, Alex Sutherland and Nina Wolarsky. Beasts of the Southern Wild Director:  Benh Zeitlin  Producers: Chris Carroll, Philipp Engelhorn, Michael Gottwald, Nathan Harrison, Dan Janvey, Lucas Joaquin, Paul ', 'Pi"), 5/1; Michael Haneke ("Amour"), 10/1; David O. Russell ("Silver Linings Playbook"), 12/1;  Benh Zeitlin  ("Beasts of the Southern Wild"), 100/1. Best Actor Winner: Daniel Day-Lewis ("Lincoln"), 1/8; Denzel ', 'Spielberg Nominees: Steven Spielberg ("Lincoln"), Ang Lee ("Life of Pi"), Michael Haneke ("Amour"),  Benh Zeitlin  ("Beasts of the Southern Wild") and David O. Russell ("Silver Linings Playbook") This is probably the most ', 'Russell, "Silver Linings Playbook" Ang Lee, "Life of Pi" Steven Spielberg, "Lincoln" Michael Haneke, "Amour"  Benh Zeitlin , "Beasts of the Southern Wild" Best Actor: Daniel Day Lewis, "Lincoln" Denzel Washington, "Flight" Hugh Jackman ', "about all the attention you're getting? The photos. I like the photos. Reporter: Here with her film's director  benh zeitlin . Everything fitting together. Reporter: Posed in the shadow of oscar, at the academy awards nominees' luncheon ", "The photos. I like the photos. Reporter: Here with her film's director benh zeitlin . Everything fitting together. Reporter: Posed in the shadow of oscar, at the academy awards nominees' luncheon. A great time for everyone to ", 'the film. I was kind of nervous. I was too young. I lied on the sheet. I think my mom put 6. Reporter: Director  benh zeitlin , an oscar nominee, spotted her magic and picked her to play hushpuppy, over some 4,000 other children. The crab ', 'lied on the sheet. I think my mom put 6. Reporter: Director benh zeitlin , an oscar nominee, spotted her magic and picked her to play hushpuppy, over some 4,000 other children. The crab is awake. How ']