['Previously, Snow was the anchor of the weekend edition of Good Morning America; frequently reporting for Good Morning America, World News with Diane Sawyer and Nightline.', "We're back. And as promised tonight, we have a new look at bullying, a huge concern for kids and parents. And while it's been around forever, that's true, it's seemingly more pervasive, now more intense. That has some ", ', and already these students are getting a valuable lesson in a teen mentor program called ', "No child can say that they haven't bullied or they haven't been bullied. Say something mean to new kid.", ", she says she's been both a victim of bullying, and, to be honest, she's done some things she's not proud of.", 'Playground at lunch, we had a basketball court and I took chalk and I wrote her name and then I wrote she was stupid. We need to put new kid back together.', "Someone said, 'Oh, this person still sleeps with a blankie or sucks -- that person -- that person still sucks their thumb.'", "'s principal figures talking about bullying before it starts might keep it out of his classrooms.", "They'll be able to identify it, recognize it, and hopefully seek appropriate assistance when it happens to them.", ' is doing a couple of things that experts say are critical, having children role play situations and teaching kids if they see bullying, do something.', "If we say to our kids, 'I want you to stand up,' most of our kids would say, 'What's that mean? What's that look like?'", 'As part of a "Dateline" report, we set up hidden cameras and, with their parents\' permission, watched how a group of kids reacted when another child was bullied. The bully and victim are actors.', "You see how you're getting your feelings hurt? Like, I'm not trying to be rude to you, but like seriously...", "Because of one child activating it, the other one steps in, and that's how you mobilize it. ", '" as a veteran parent herself. It\'s a revealing look at bullying and other issues that parents and kids face these days. That\'s "Dateline" tonight at']