["item that. He hit. And with his impersonation not only but also Mitt Romney which he did it. Good job Bill Hader and  Fred Armisen  I'll have previously announced that they will not be returning also new cast it is going to be interest because these ", "Mitt Romney which he did it. Good job -- Bill Hader and Fred Armisen I'll have previously announced that they will not be returning also -- -- new cast it is going to be interest because ", 'his time on the show has been "really, really amazing." It\'s an exodus of male cast members at "SNL." Both  Fred Armisen  and Bill Hader previously announced they were leaving the show. Seth Meyers will be replacing Jimmy Fallon on his late-night ', 'season will be an interesting one for the sketch comedy show, which has also lost longtime cast members Bill Hader ,  Fred Armisen  and Seth Meyers, who was tapped as the new host of "Late Night," replacing Jimmy Fallon. "It\'s been fantastic ', 'endangerment and was remanded on $750,000 bond.  Fred Armisen  Quits Saturday Night Live It\'s official. After 11 years on "Saturday Night Live," comedian  Fred Armisen  is leaving the show. It was widely rumored that this ', 'at the Webby Awards is that winners, which this year also included Kevin Spacey, Jerry Seinfeld, Ben Stiller and  Fred Armisen , are allowed to make only "five-word speeches" when accepting their awards. Rather than speaking his five words ', 'Friday. See "Portlandia," Skip the TV Show The popular "Portlandia" sketch comedy show on IFC, starring SNL-alum  Fred Armisen , launched its third season this year, but you don\'t have to be near a TV to experience it. Several businesses encourage ', "players, characters, sketches that stand out to you in recent seasons? A: Certainly, I love Judy (Grimes). I love  Fred Armisen 's drummer. I love when he speaks Spanish. I love him! I love them all, Sudeikis - master impressionist - Hader's ", "family and a best friend named Chris who wears overalls and has a bad haircut and hits awfully close to home. Bonus:  Fred Armisen  does the voice of Terry, the bizarre, New Age-y, damaged live-in boyfriend of Chris' mother. The series achieves ", 'Louis C.K. Pops his SNL Cherry, Brings Much Needed Comedic Relief to NY After Superstorm Sandy', 'before finally taking her home. The show had to address Hurricane Sandy in some way, and went with a cold opening of  Fred Armisen  as a Spanish-mumbling Bloomberg and his hyper-animated sign-language interpreter Lydia Callis (played by SNL ', 'entirely new programming slate that they say will last year round. SNL stars like Keenan Thompson, Bill Hader and  Fred Armisen  have made cameos in webisodes of Above Average\'s "Cool Kids\' Table" and "The Front Desk" the latter starring ', 'Fred Armisen  gives rare interview as President Obama ahead of Portland campaign stop', 'Fred Armisen , President Obama\'s impersonator on "Saturday Night Live" and co-creator of "Portlandia," gave an interview as Obama to ', 'Peggy Olsen, Moss hasn\'t always been lucky in love. She married "Saturday Night Live" and "Portlandia" star  Fred Armisen  in 2009; they separated eight months later and subsequently divorced. Moss answered questions about their whirlwind ', 'Peggy Olsen, Moss hasn\'t always been lucky in love. She married "Saturday Night Live" and "Portlandia" star  Fred Armisen  in 2009; they separated eight months later and subsequently divorced. Moss answered questions about their whirlwind ', '2011\'s best comedies returns for a second season tonight at 10 p.m. For the uninitiated: "Saturday Night Live" vet  Fred Armisen  and alt-rocker/actress Carrie Brownstein play a cast of 20-somethingish characters in a fictional Northwest city ', "item that. He hit. And with his impersonation not only but also Mitt Romney which he did it. Good job Bill Hader and  Fred Armisen  I'll have previously announced that they will not be returning also new cast it is going to be interest because these ", "Mitt Romney which he did it. Good job -- Bill Hader and Fred Armisen I'll have previously announced that they will not be returning also -- -- new cast it is going to be interest because ", 'Saturday Night Live made its season debut over the weekend with a new face Lang President Obama.  Fred Armisen  has mr. Obama since 2008 but he headed off the time. Comic power and Jason back at net profit. Not in place abate. Things like ', 'season debut over the weekend with a new face Lang President Obama. Fred Armisen has -- mr. Obama since 2008 but he headed off the time. Comic -- power and Jason -- -- back at net ', "And as we know President Obama has not had an address from the Oval Office but luckily  Fred Armisen  has done the honors from here's brings Reform is absolutely critical and the time for action. Is now. But I regret to say ", "Obama has not had an address from the Oval Office but luckily Fred Armisen has done the honors -- from -- -- here's -- -- brings -- Reform is absolutely critical and the time for action. ", "and I can take a joke and I them enough and I can certainly take them. Last Saturday show featured a with cast member  Fred Armisen  playing the governor. During the weekend update skit Armisen pokes fun at Patterson's blindness. The governor says ", "certainly take them. Last Saturday show featured a -- with cast member Fred Armisen playing the governor. During the weekend update skit Armisen pokes fun at Patterson's blindness. The governor says He is most upset over ", "That I speak up for those who don't have a voice and don't have a job. And I think it's for the blind say actor  Fred Armisen  appeared wandering disoriented. And confused and Stacey makes one people seem incompetent. Are there any kind of jokes ", "have a job. And I think it's for the blind say actor Fred Armisen appeared wandering disoriented. And confused and Stacey makes one people seem incompetent. Are there any kind of jokes. That are okay little ", 'families together. It truly blessed time of year. In other news mad men star Elisabeth Moss and Saturday Night Live star  Fred Armisen  and announced their engagement and are busy planning their wedding. But Armisen promises will be the coolest and funniest ', 'other news mad men star Elisabeth Moss and Saturday Night Live star Fred Armisen and announced their engagement and are busy planning their wedding. But -- -- Armisen promises will be the coolest and funniest around. ']