["gay protagonist, no love story, and really no central conflict in the novel. So the ending that exists is director  Blake Edwards ' rewrite but the original ending, closer to Capote's novel, was much more downbeat. It doesn't have that same ", 'Wilder," "Film Studies: An Introduction" and "Dark Victory: The Life of Bette Davis." "Curtis had been in  Blake Edwards \' "Mister Cory" and the great New York publicist-as-sleazeball movie "Sweet Smell of Success." He was a terrific ', 'half-siblings with whom she is close. She has five children, including four from her 38-year marriage to director  Blake Edwards . Two are Edwards\' children, and two are children the couple adopted. And she has seven grandchildren. "We are ', 'unsuccessful war to keep celebrity gawkers and surfers off his property. Other stars -- like Julie Andrews and her husband,  Blake Edwards  -- complained that surfers were destroying their pristine views of the sea. "The real issue here is money," Steve ', 'the world and on the cover of W Magazine wearing her famous "Free Winona" T-shirt. 3. Art Lessons for Robert  Blake :  Edwards  says she typically has minimal contact with defendants. But at the end of Robert Blake\'s civil trial, the actor ', 'Two Soldiers." Visual Effects: "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King." Honorary Academy Award:  Blake Edwards . Gordon E. Sawyer Award (technical achievement): Peter D. Parks. Academy Award of Merit (technical achievement ', "cast opposite Bo Derek in the film 10 by director  Blake Edwards .  BLAKE EDWARDS , DIRECTOR: Oh, he's a consummate actor. His from Arthur showing Dudley Moore appearing drunk)  BLAKE EDWARDS : He's a good actor. There are some people that ", "starred and composed the score for his next film, 30 Is a Dangerous Age, in 1968. In the mid-1970s, he met director  Blake Edwards  in a therapy group and soon landed the part in Edwards' 1979 film 10, which marked the debut of a dreadlocked Bo ", 'other highlights of Mulligan s career was performing on stage with James Stewart in Harvey and working with director  Blake Edwards  in the 1981 film S.O.B., which starred Julie Andrews and William Holden. Mulligan was also featured in 1969 ', "Including ET the extraterrestrial. and  Blake Edwards  but she is also an author her third block bright light. The spiritual lessons from a life and acting. Is out now and she's ", 'Including ET the extraterrestrial. -- -- and Blake Edwards -- but she is also an author her third block bright light. The spiritual lessons from a life and acting. Is out ']