['Saturday Night Live made its season debut over the weekend with a new face Lang President Obama.  Fred Armisen  has mr. Obama since 2008 but he headed off the time. Comic power and Jason back at net profit. Not in place abate. Things like ', 'season debut over the weekend with a new face Lang President Obama. Fred Armisen has -- mr. Obama since 2008 but he headed off the time. Comic -- power and Jason -- -- back at net ', "And as we know President Obama has not had an address from the Oval Office but luckily  Fred Armisen  has done the honors from here's brings Reform is absolutely critical and the time for action. Is now. But I regret to say ", "Obama has not had an address from the Oval Office but luckily Fred Armisen has done the honors -- from -- -- here's -- -- brings -- Reform is absolutely critical and the time for action. ", "and I can take a joke and I them enough and I can certainly take them. Last Saturday show featured a with cast member  Fred Armisen  playing the governor. During the weekend update skit Armisen pokes fun at Patterson's blindness. The governor says ", "certainly take them. Last Saturday show featured a -- with cast member Fred Armisen playing the governor. During the weekend update skit Armisen pokes fun at Patterson's blindness. The governor says He is most upset over ", "That I speak up for those who don't have a voice and don't have a job. And I think it's for the blind say actor  Fred Armisen  appeared wandering disoriented. And confused and Stacey makes one people seem incompetent. Are there any kind of jokes ", "have a job. And I think it's for the blind say actor Fred Armisen appeared wandering disoriented. And confused and Stacey makes one people seem incompetent. Are there any kind of jokes. That are okay little ", 'families together. It truly blessed time of year. In other news mad men star Elisabeth Moss and Saturday Night Live star  Fred Armisen  and announced their engagement and are busy planning their wedding. But Armisen promises will be the coolest and funniest ', 'other news mad men star Elisabeth Moss and Saturday Night Live star Fred Armisen and announced their engagement and are busy planning their wedding. But -- -- Armisen promises will be the coolest and funniest around. ']