['MORRISON: (Voiceover) It was February 22nd, 2000, a fine high desert morning, cool and clear, and the fresh, clean start of a brand-new millennium. A storm was due that evening.', '(College campus; Mustang on road; photo of Michelle and Mustang; Park & Ride sign; photo of Michelle and Jennifer Peterson; busy highway; Kid Rock music video shoot)', '(Highway at night; windy parking lot at night; vehicle with lights on; Mustang in parking lot; vehicle in mirror; crime scene photos; Mustang; police at crime scene; foliage)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Two counties south of the Park and Ride, in the southern reaches of the great city, a phone call in the dark. Homicide Detective Richard Longshore fumbled for the phone.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) So by the time Longshore and his partner had arrived in the cold black of the parking lot, they were playing catch up and holding off, already, the curious media.', '(People with flashlights at crime scene; X-rays; graphic of body; crime scene photos)', '(Voiceover) ...could you imagine that. About 20 hours before that I was working on science project with her.', '(Police at crime scene; Longshore making statement; police at crime scene; cross with photo of Michelle on it)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Did Michelle know something that could lead to her killer? When The Girl with the Blue Mustang continues.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) And now it was a crime scene. Detective Richard Longshore scoured every blue, shiny inch of that Mustang looking for apparently nonexistent evidence.', '(Voiceover) That was one thing that I could always count on her is if I ever needed anything, it was only a cell phone call away.', 'Michelle and mom at table; Michelle; photo of girls being kissed on cheek; photo of Michelle and others; family photo)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Then something truly odd. Soon after she got that Mustang, the license plates arrived in the mail.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Whatever it was Michelle sensed, whatever the danger she imagined might be out there, she was apparently ready for it.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Now, as Michelle lay dead in her car, purse at her side, nothing stolen, Detective Longshore took another look at the way the killer left her.', 'Det. LONGSHORE: Her blouse, or her tube top had been dislodged, exposing portions of her breasts.', '(Police at crime scene; license plate and gun; crime scene; parking lot at night; Mustang in parking lot)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Coming up, what Michelle told her father about that Park and Ride lot.', '(House at night; photo of Michelle; crime scene photos; Park and Ride sign; parking lot; Michelle and woman; license plate; parking lot at night; photo of Michelle; parking lot)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Interviewed again, security guard Raymond Lee Jennings was very cooperative and talkative. He was an Iraq war vet, a National Guardsman, married with several children. It was only his second night at the Park and Ride, assigned to a foot patrol, roaming the lot until dawn.', 'Det. LONGSHORE: (Voiceover) He said that he had been walking his post and had seen the Mustang during his course of his duties...', '(Mustang on road; Mustang in parking lot; parking lot at night; vehicle; parking lot at night; parking lot lights)', 'Det. LONGSHORE: And he said that he recognized that as being a Mustang alarm and he heard the engine racing.', '(Voiceover) And he walked back towards his car and heard a single gunshot. He took cover and looked up and saw the Mustang rolling backwards, with additional shots being fired, until it came to a rest at the top of the planter.', 'Det. LONGSHORE: I wanted to get him home, get rested, and I could interview him again at another time.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) But there was somebody else to interview, the last person to see Michelle alive, her best friend, Jennifer Peterson.', 'Det. LONGSHORE: And when I talked to her the night of the murder, she was so distraught I decided to delay the interview for a couple of days.', '(Voiceover) Then drove her out to the scene and asked her to show us exactly where she had been, what she had done.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) But when they got to the parking lot where Michelle was found, Detective Longshore was in for a surprise.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) That is, when Michelle parked her car in the afternoon, before heading to the Kid Rock shoot, she made sure it was in a safe, brightly lit spot. But that night when she was found dead in the car, it was in a different place altogether.', 'Mr. SAFARIK: It was initially parked about 17 spaces down from where it was found...', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) That new space was between two other vehicles, a perfect place to discreetly change and quickly leave.', 'Mr. SAFARIK: But Michelle never got the chance to even start to change into her black jeans because she gets confronted by someone.', '(Police vehicle; police walking; police at vehicles; Jennings walking; photo of Jennings; Jennings by police vehicle)', '(Voiceover) My partner pointed out is that is this is something a woman would do...', '(Mustang; Jennings and police vehicle; photo of Jennings; photos of uniform; exam room; lab equipment)', 'MORRISON: So all of these things were what you managed to uncover in the first few days.', '(Cactus; photo of Victoria Richardson; parking lot at night; newspaper clippings; police at crime scene)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) The only guard on duty that night was Raymond Lee Jennings.', '(Parking lot at night; vehicle lights; photo of Mustang; crime scene photo; photo of Michelle and Mustang)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Coming up, the security guard offers a disturbing and bizarre theory about why Michelle might have been attacked.', 'Mr. RAYMOND LEE JENNINGS: (Police interview) She looked to be a prostitute in my eye because of the way she was dressed.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Is that why Michelle was murdered? When DATELINE continues.', '(Longshore walking in office building; Longshore looking at files; photo of Jennings; parking lot at night)', '(Parking lot at night; photo of Richardson; parking lot at night; Safarik at desk)', 'Mr. SAFARIK: Now, he said he likes Mustangs, has an affinity for Mustangs, so he noticed her car. But when he reports seeing her car at 9:00, he reports it really in the location where it was actually found after the homicide.', '(Animation of parking lot and vehicles; Mustang in parking lot; crime scene photos)', 'Mr. SAFARIK: So his story starts to fall apart because, as a witness, his story should be consistent with the whole crime scene.', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Police interview) When I first seen her, the gunshot in her chest...', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Police interview) ...that to me looked like the very first shot that was fired. It was just close range. It was very close range.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Detectives were astonished at how Jennings, standing in low light, could make such an accurate analysis.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Even former FBI profiler Mark Safarik, who had studied crime scenes for years, was impressed.', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Police interview) Just twitching. Like her hand was twitching, just shaking like that.', '(Crime scene photos; photo of Michelle; dark parking lot; photo of Michelle and security sign)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) For two hours Jennings provided a variety of opinions and observations, everything from the angle of the shot to the kind of gun used.', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Police interview) And she looked to be a prostitute in my eye because of the way she was dressed.', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Police interview) And her breasts were hanging out. So I thought it might have been a prostitution deal what went bad.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) And then the test result came in. Jennings failed the polygraph. Now Detective Longshore wanted one more crack at him, alone.', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Police interview) This part is all wrong. I swear to you, man, that I was not down there at that time.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Jennings insisted over and over again that he did not do it; the killer was not him.', 'Det. LONGSHORE: We kept him for about nine hours, and it got to the point where, although we had given him breaks...', 'MORRISON: He looked at the guy, the security guard. Did they not feel that he was responsible?', '(Crime scene photos; police vehicles; Jennings being interviewed; photos of Jennings; Jennings giving deposition)', '(Desert and sun; railroad tracks; desert; file boxes; photo of Jennings; parking lot; outside house)', '(Voiceover) And then he would walk in every now and then, and it was kind of weird.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Detectives kept an eye on Jennings and continued to chase other leads, using the media to help fuel the investigation.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Rex was R. Rex Parris, a common in Antelope Valley civil attorney known for handling personal injury cases and winning large settlements.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) A civil case? Novel idea. Maybe that could jump-start the police investigation.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Those answers might quite possibly lead away from Jennings, of course. Although...', 'Mr. PARRIS: (Voiceover) When I learned that he flunked the lie detector test, then I became much more interested, and we started on the quest.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Parris hired a private detective and started his own investigation.', '(R. Rex Parris office; Parris in office; North Carolina sign; Jennings being interviewed)', '(Mustang and shooter; security vehicle only sign; Mustang rolling and person shooting)', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Deposition video) What I did is gave too much information to the police.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) But here he was, friendly, chatty as ever, in the face of the audience Parris had assembled.', 'Mr. PARRIS: The local newspaper was there and, you know, I had security people there, and the parents were there. And he was literally enjoying the attention.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Parris went to work on what Jennings saw and when he saw it. Cell phone records confirmed Michelle and her friend Jennifer had entered the parking lot around 9:23 PM, exactly the time Jennings told detectives he was on patrol.', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Deposition video) What I did is gave too much information to the police on being Sherlock Holmes, and I should have never did that.', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Deposition video) No. You ask a crazy question, I give you a crazy answer.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) ...as he vividly described watching Michelle cling to life when he arrived at the crime scene.', 'Det. LONGSHORE: The opportunity to see, again, Mr. Jennings in a different light.', '(Longshore at desk, looking through photos; photo of Michelle; photo of Jennings; crime scene photo; Longshore at desk; parking lot at night; silhouettes)', 'District Attorney ROBERT FOLTZ: When I reviewed all that paper, I was convinced this guy did it.', 'Mr. FOLTZ: But I saw there were extreme difficulties in the proof end of it, that there was some serious problems with the physical evidence in the case.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) And then for months Jeffra crisscrossed the Antelope Valley talking to people, some of whom knew Jennings and could support his story, and poring over the aging crime reports, especially the things Jennings himself said about what happened. And...', '(Jeffra and Mike watching video; Jennings giving deposition; Jennings in police interview)', '(Jeffra in parking lot at night; Jeffra at memorial; videotapes; Mike at computer)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) The two men, along with another private investigator, and guidance from civil attorney Rex Parris, strung together bits of sound...', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) ...bits of answers that seemed to show Jennings knew so much about the crime.', 'Mr. JENNINGS: (Deposition video) What I seen out there that night, her pulse and her fingers twitching.', '(Photo of Michelle; candlelight vigil; Jennings giving deposition; tank and soldiers in Iraq; Mike working on computer; Foltz in office; Mike working on computer)', 'Mr. FOLTZ: They had everything very carefully kind of sifted down to what they felt was the important things to consider.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) And the DA? Liked the presentation a lot. He consulted with Detective Longshore, and two weeks later...', 'Mr. FOLTZ: I decided that, as problematic as the case was, it was not an impossible feat to get this case appropriately prosecuted. So I filed it.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) And, coincidentally, Jennings had just completed his hitch in Iraq. It was a few days before Thanksgiving 2005 when he returned to Southern California, no idea what was coming.', 'Det. LONGSHORE: I had him under surveillance. We took him down at a traffic stop and was ordered out at gunpoint.', 'Unidentified Judge: (In court) Mr. Jennings, do you agree to come back to this court in January 9th, understanding that your preliminary hearing will take place within 10 court days of that day instead of 10 court days from today?', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) And bail was set so high Jennings had no choice but to wait in jail and wait and wait, until the spring of 2008.', '(Courthouse exterior; Mike, Pat and Jason entering SUV; scrubland passing; courthouse exterior)', 'Mr. MICHAEL BLAKE: (Voiceover) And this one was a very difficult one to find a clear path, and we have thousands of thousands of pages of evidence in this case.', 'Mr. BLAKE: And one of the real challenges was to understand how it fit together because we have all these little pieces.', '(Driving at night; car in parking lot; photo of Michelle; Michelle in backseat; Morrison interviewing Mark Safarik)', '(Photo of Jennings; photo of Michelle; parking lot at night seen in side view mirror; crime scene photos; parking lot at night; crime scene photo)', '(Empty juror seats; newspaper article excerpts; crime scene photo; empty juror seats)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) And so a second trial was ordered, again in downtown Los Angeles. This time a TV camera was there as opening arguments began.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Jennings seemed relaxed and confident as his attorney again pointed out the lack of physical evidence.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Six more weeks of trial, same evidence, many of the same witnesses, final arguments finished in February 2009, and less than a week later the second jury sent this note to the judge. Hung again, this time by only one juror who felt Jennings was not guilty. This despite the pressure during deliberation from the other 11 jurors, who voted to convict.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) That was just the question prosecutors and police were asking.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Will there be a third trial? When The Girl with the Blue Mustang continues.', 'Det. LONGSHORE: Michael Blake and I were sitting in his office afterwards and he said...', '(Longshore and Blake sitting across from one another; folders; Criminal Justice Center exterior; court in session)', 'Judge: (In court) I will not dismiss the case, so if the people request it there will be a third trial. It will undoubtedly be the final trial, so everyone should plan accordingly.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) The final trial, meaning if this jury were to hang, Raymond Lee Jennings would walk.', '(Voiceover) And prosecutor Blake went back to basics. How could he cut through the clutter and get to that jury?', '(Court in session; parking lot; clock showing time; photo of Michelle; parking lot; headlights coming on; car in parking lot; photos of Michelle; crime scene photos flashing quickly)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) And, according to the prosecutor, it was no coincidence that virtually all those details Jennings provided about the crime were accurate.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Or maybe not. Jennings, said the defense, had figured out what the cops could not and was merely trying to help.', '(Crime scene photo; Blake in court; clips from music video; empty juror seats; court in session; courthouse exterior; van in parking lot; clapboard sign; people in parking lot)', '(Voiceover) And Mr. Jennings had testified about the route he took, you know, that type of thing. It was pretty intense.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) So it was. As was one more question pregnant in the air as the trial wound down. Would he take the stand and talk to the jury?', 'Judge CHUNG: (In court) Is that a knowing, understanding, voluntary decision on your part?', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) So now the man who perhaps had already talked too much remained quiet and let his lawyer do the talking.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Coming up, the final verdict. This time, would there finally be justice for Michelle? For weeks the jury wrestled with their decision.', '(Courthouse exterior; photo of Michelle; empty juror seats; courthouse exterior)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) By late November 2009, courtroom A-19 was quiet. The jury was in there. What were they thinking?', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Thanksgiving passed. So did the first week of December. Christmas was closing in. But no verdict.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) So what was happening behind the closed door? Anthony Mosely was jury foreperson.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Especially since Raymond Lee Jennings, Iraq war vet and father of five, seemed like a very unlikely killer.', '(Jennings in court; courtroom exterior; moon; branch; papers stacked on desk; jurors)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) One floor below, prosecutor Michael Blake was so anxious, so concerned, he was unable to focus on his other work. He did have other cases.', 'Mr. BLAKE: I was wearing a hole in the carpet outside my office. It was a long time.', '(Scrubland at sunset; courthouse exterior; Park and Ride parking lot; people in parking lot at night)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) And it was odd, perhaps. IN the chaos outside the courtroom, one family was finally calm.', '(Jennings in court; Pat outside courthouse; Jason hugging Jeffra; Pat hugging man)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) But was it really over? Well, no. Raymond Jennings, remember, is a talkative man. Would he finally say what was on his mind? Oh, yes, he would.', '(Driving to courthouse; scrubland; highway passing; Mustang on road; scrubland; photo of Pat and Michelle; court in session)', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) It was shocking. You could, as they say, hear a pin drop as Jennings wheeled around to the judge for one last profession of his innocence.', 'MORRISON: (Voiceover) Families, sad to say, are rarely accorded the grace of hearing a convicted killer confess or apologize or explain. They could only sit and listen as Raymond Lee Jennings received the maximum sentence.']