['Advocates praised Jodie Foster\'s coming out on the televised stage of the Golden Globe Awards last night, but some said she had done little over the years to set an example for others who are LGBT and struggling. BEST MOMENTS: The 2013 Golden Globes "It was cryptic and defensive and we started', "Credit: ABC. Jodie Foster's acceptance speech after winning the  Cecil B .  DeMille  award was one of the biggest highlights of Sunday's Golden Globe awards. Below, read the full transcript of her speech. The ", 'they were radiant, energetic, and above all, funny. More please. Jodie Foster Foster made her acceptance of the  Cecil B .  DeMille  lifetime achievement award a coming out, of sorts. She first shocked the audience by leading them to think that ', "Foster's speech at the Golden Globes will definitely be the talk of the entertainment world tomorrow. Accepting the  Cecil B .  DeMille  award for lifetime achievement, she not only came out - as a single woman - but intimated that she was retiring ", "Jack Nicholson's Full Moon In 1999, Nicholson thanked the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for giving him the  Cecil B .  DeMille  Lifetime Achievement Award by nearly mooning the audience. Seems about right. The Rat Pack Hijacks the Show During ", 'Midnight in Paris," Martin Scorsese won Best Director for "Hugo," and Morgan Freeman was presented with the  Cecil B .  DeMille  Lifetime Achievement Award. As for the rest of the winners, the Globes spread the love. Best TV Drama went to ', 'time I didn\'t quite see it that way. Irwin wasn\'t senile, just wildly eccentric, and imagined that he was  Cecil B .  DeMille . Instead of yelling "cut," he would fire a gun into the air.) Toward the end of a day of working on I Dream ', 'cast of "Glee." Robert De Niro, accepting the  Cecil B .  DeMille  Award: "I\'d like to thank the Hollywood Foreign Miniseries or Movie: Chris Colfer, "Glee."  Cecil B .  DeMille  Lifetime Achievement Award: Robert De Niro. The ', "Excerpt: 'Promise Me: How a Sister's Love Launched the Global Movement to End Breast Cancer'", 'with "one-reelers." A lot of them were serials. They were at that time anywhere from seven to 10 minutes.  Cecil B .  DeMille , one of the great movie makers of all time, was making 30 of these a year. So, I see this little group who ', 'with "one-reelers." A lot of them were serials. They were at that time anywhere from seven to 10 minutes.  Cecil B .  DeMille , one of the great movie makers of all time, was making 30 of these a year. So, I see this little group who ', 'with "one-reelers." A lot of them were serials. They were at that time anywhere from seven to 10 minutes.  Cecil B .  DeMille , one of the great movie makers of all time, was making 30 of these a year. So, I see this little group who ', 'to the upper reaches of stardom four years later, when he delivered the Israelites from Egyptian bondage in the  Cecil B .  DeMille  classic "The Ten Commandments." Through the late 1950s to the late 1960s, Heston hit his zenith, winning a best ', 'put it out there. Jodie foster, unguarded and fiercely candid. I am single. Reporter: On stage, accepting THE  CECIL B .  DeMILLE  LIFETIME Achievement award for nearly seven minutes. Captivating and emotional. I did my coming out about 1,000 ', 'unguarded and fiercely candid. I am single. Reporter: On stage, accepting THE CECIL B . DeMILLE LIFETIME Achievement award for nearly seven minutes. Captivating and emotional. I did my coming out about 1,000 years ago, in the stone ', "really good so. Then at the moment everybody's buzzing about was Jodie foster's speech last night two of the  Cecil B .  DeMille  award. For her law like forty plus year career she's an amazing actress yes she started. What 3 AM is a little ", "everybody's buzzing about was Jodie foster's speech last night two of the Cecil B . DeMille award. For her law like forty plus year career she's an amazing actress yes she started. What 3 AM -- is a "]