['This week on "Popcorn with Peter Travers," Peter names the best and worst movies of the year so far!', "is Is very lonely. So there's always a lot of talk comparing Superman and Batman this its just the latest and  Christopher Nolan  is producer on announcement and did that start Yup so I don't know in terms object Zach Schneider directing this ", "of talk comparing Superman and Batman this its just the latest and Christopher Nolan is producer on announcement and did that start -- Yup so I don't know in terms object Zach Schneider directing this and ", 'and a lieutenant once, but general is a big jump up. Well, you were genetically engineered to do it. I want --  christopher nolan  and zach were in charge of the story and really committed to the origin story. We spend a very significant very ', 'up. Well, you were genetically engineered to do it. I want -- christopher nolan and zach were in charge of the story and really committed to the origin story. We spend a very significant very important ', "well here comes the third and final installment of  Christopher Nolan  man trilogy. Sure to be taking a theater near you it's a showpiece for the skills of writer director  Christopher Nolan . He at three pictured nine year run that re imagine ", "fashioned summer blockbuster well here comes the third and final installment of Christopher Nolan -- man trilogy. Sure to be taking a theater near you by storm ABC's Chris Connolly has a behind the scenes sneak ", "in rainy Scotland it's a showpiece for the skills of writer director Christopher Nolan . He -- at three pictured nine year run that re imagine that Batman franchise. -- This -- was eight years off -- ", 'Leonardo DiCaprio is caught up in mind games in  Christopher Nolan\'s  "Inception."', 'of the southern wild a small indie movie. That everybody tends to avoid but look at the big stuff look what does  Christopher Nolan  have to do. To be nominated Ford the Dark Knight or the Dark Knight rises. The idea of changing the nominees from ', 'tends to avoid but look at the big stuff look what does Christopher Nolan have to do. To be nominated Ford the Dark Knight or the Dark Knight rises. The idea of changing the nominees from ', 'of the southern wild a small indie movie. That everybody tends to avoid but look at the big stuff look what does  Christopher Nolan  have to do. To be nominated Ford the Dark Knight or the Dark Knight rises. The idea of changing the nominees from ', 'tends to avoid but look at the big stuff look what does Christopher Nolan have to do. To be nominated Ford the Dark Knight or the Dark Knight rises. The idea of changing the nominees from ', "commercial hit but one that you'll see on people's ten best list. And also see when awards get out and that would be  Christopher Nolan  the Dark Knight rises this is the end of the Batman trilogy. It's not as good as the one previous with Heath Ledger ", "list. And also see when awards get out and that would be Christopher Nolan the Dark Knight rises this is the end of the Batman trilogy. It's not as good as the one previous with Heath ", 'school in the and everybody else with beating. Bianca could and needed to music for all three films and director  Christopher Nolan  Dark Knight villages somewhere. Score for the second Batman movie won a Grammy Award. With the Dark Knight rises ', 'Bianca could and needed to music for all three films and director Christopher Nolan Dark Knight villages -- -- somewhere. -- Score for the second Batman movie won a Grammy Award. With the Dark Knight rises ', "specialist. Industry just to hear this. Known as  Christopher Nolan  was Martin Their experiences. And then two. Jensen You know at the time. Standard wasn't there and  Christopher Nolan  talked about were being forced as artists to make ", "be interesting to a specialist. Industry just to hear this. Known as Christopher Nolan was Martin -- Their experiences. -- And then two. Jensen -- movies. Here's what we spoke about here is an example here ", "-- diesel projects. You know at the time. Standard wasn't there and Christopher Nolan talked about were being forced as artists to make. Choice decision and we're losing this other choice what -- -- -- losing ", "Tokyo. And pulling the trailer for a different. in light of Thursday's tragedy. Movement leadership. Director  Christopher Nolan  issued a statement that appears on the movie's web site saying quote. The movie theater is my home any idea that ", "a different. -- -- in light of Thursday's tragedy. Movement leadership. Director Christopher Nolan issued a statement that appears on the movie's web site saying quote. The movie theater is my home any idea that someone ", 'so many hateful comments this site shut down its commenting feature. Back at 2008 when the Dark debut. Director  Christopher Nolan  cruised up to a suburban Chicago Cineplex near his boyhood home. Somebody recognized him and and so do I have to ', 'its commenting feature. Back at 2008 when the Dark -- debut. Director Christopher Nolan cruised up to a suburban Chicago Cineplex near his boyhood home. Somebody recognized him and -- and so do I have to ', 'extend our sincere sympathies to the families and loved ones of the victims. At this tragic time. Still director  Christopher Nolan  and the members of his have had no comment on what happened in a theater showing their film. This tragedy was expected ', 'loved ones of the victims. At this tragic time. Still -- director Christopher Nolan and the members of his -- have had no comment on what happened in a theater showing their film. This tragedy was ', "this but it's a tough time for the makers of the film they've canceled all overseas press. And the director  Christopher Nolan  issued a statement saying that nothing that any of us say could ever adequately express their feelings for the victims ", "makers of the film they've canceled all overseas press. And the director Christopher Nolan issued a statement saying that nothing that any of us say could ever adequately express their feelings for the victims. That their ", "this but it's a tough time for the makers of the film they've canceled all overseas press. And the director  Christopher Nolan  issued a statement saying that nothing that any of us say could ever adequately express their feelings for the victims ", "makers of the film they've canceled all overseas press. And the director Christopher Nolan issued a statement saying that nothing that any of us say could ever adequately express their feelings for the victims. That their ", 'an Academy Award number one analyst this this is  Christopher Nolan . The director of inception that got all the whole Portman. Inception directed by the forgotten man  Christopher Nolan . The fight. With Mark Wahlberg and Christian true ', 'nominated for an Academy Award number one analyst -- this this is Christopher Nolan . The director of inception that got all the whole thing up inception one of the best picture nominees. Not nominated as best ', 'we go Black Swan Natalie Portman. Inception directed by the forgotten man Christopher Nolan . The fight. With Mark Wahlberg and Christian -- true grit by the Coen Brothers. 127. -- James Franco would feel you remember ', 'direction colors and our my conception. Can win four Academy Awards all the technical categories. The director  Christopher Nolan  not nominated. You know it was not one of those years like a small dog or Lord of the Rings like to mention was ', 'conception. Can win four Academy Awards all the technical categories. The director Christopher Nolan not nominated. You know it was not one of those years like a small dog or Lord of the Rings like to ']