["news/comic-con-2013-schedule-top-586086?AP STUDIO CASH INFLUX SHIFTS POWER IN HOLLYWOOD (ANALYSIS)  Brett Ratner , mogul? It's true, as Warners and others -- including David Ellison's Skydance's $200 million-plus deal ", 'This is my ninth time, so tonight just call me war horse." Crystal was called in to replace Eddie Murphy after  Brett Ratner  tendered his resignation last year amid backlash that he\'d used an anti-gay slur. Only one other person has hosted ', "she claims she unknowingly took $2 million from a suspected war criminal to attend his birthday party, and director  Brett Ratner 's anti-gay comments, which led to him stepping down as the producer of the Oscar telecast. In closing, he screams ", "she claims she unknowingly took $2 million from a suspected war criminal to attend his birthday party, and director  Brett Ratner 's anti-gay comments, which led to him stepping down as the producer of the Oscar telecast. In closing, he screams ", "Sacha Baron Cohen Warns of 'Unimaginable Consequences' If He's Not at the Oscars", "she claims she unknowingly took $2 million from a suspected war criminal to attend his birthday party, and director  Brett Ratner 's anti-gay comments, which led to him stepping down as the producer of the Oscar telecast. In closing, he screams ", "as a vanilla fallback after Eddie Murphy and producer  Brett Ratner  bowed out of helming the show following Ratner's use When Eddie Murphy left the gig, along with his friend  Brett Ratner , it was a good chance to bring back a more feelgood ", 'Getty Images Now that Eddie Murphy has followed producer  Brett Ratner  in dropping out of hosting the 2012 Oscar ceremony, the Academy is looking for a new host. As most of the world knows by now ', "Andrew Jarecki,  Brett Ratner  and Ryan Kavanaugh on Catfish's journey to theaters", "a chance to provide his career. Last year He said He wanted to get back into And it's likely no coincidence that  Brett Ratner  the producer of the Oscars directed her in the upcoming action comedy tower So will we get ED and you what did PG version ", "wanted to get back into -- And it's likely no coincidence that Brett Ratner the producer of the Oscars directed her in the upcoming action comedy tower -- So will we get ED and you what ", "exact bootleg dvd beauty. agreeing to host next February's Oscars is seen as a coup for the show's co producer.  Brett Ratner  directed bird feed me this involves tower heist it put you trying to steal one million dollars. The choice of Murphy ", "February's Oscars is seen as a coup for the show's co producer. Brett Ratner directed bird feed me this involves tower heist it put you trying to steal one million dollars. The choice of Murphy steps ", "Murphy from back in the Beverly Hills makes me wanna rush yet. It isn't it for him. That's apparently director  Brett Ratner . And Eddie Murphy are also teaming up on another. Huge project and the Oscar and yet right that yes exactly. And ", "yet. It isn't -- it for him. That's -- -- apparently director Brett Ratner . And Eddie Murphy are also teaming up on another. Huge project and the Oscar and yet right -- that yes exactly. And ", 'seems to play the partnership. To sexy a lot of twists and turns along the way which is a little bit Smart and you.  Brett Ratner  and I gave this movie news five and it deserves more than Yes I really liked that comment by Hammond and I thought about ', 'along the way which is a little bit Smart -- and you. Brett Ratner and I gave this movie news five and -- -- -- -- it deserves more than -- Yes I really liked that ', "roundup of the top stories making headlines right now Erica thank you finish for joining a little author of it seems that  Brett Ratner  who was all that to reduce that now I'm while promoting his tower he made it very insensitive comment. And it just ", "thank you finish for joining a little author of it seems that Brett Ratner who was all that to reduce that now I'm -- -- while promoting his -- tower -- he made it very insensitive "]