["Travelers can indulge their inner child with these amazing treehouse properties, all available for private rental.  Whether in search of close-to-home luxury, a faraway escape or just a little bit of adventure, one of these vacation rentals will surely suit one's needs. Check out the five treehouse homes TripAdvisor recommends for vacation rentals.", 'The Exotic Treehouse is a romantic perch in the rainforest for two to linger. There is a queen-sized bed, cedar hot tub on the lanai, outdoor shower and more. It is built mid-canopy in the forest, overlooking tree ferns and almost eye-level with the upper canopy. The treehouse is less than five minutes from the gate to Hawaii Volcanoes National Park. Volcano Village is a short walk, with restaurants and galleries. As one TripAdvisor traveler said, "Most unique place we\'ve ever stayed." It has one bedroom and sleeps two people; prices start at $200 per night.', 'Located on 12 acres of hardwood forest and bamboo groves, this treehouse provides a secluded retreat with spectacular views of the Caribbean sea. It has one bedroom and sleeps two people; prices start at $150 per night.', 'Nearly 20 feet high, this treehouse allows its guests to sit amongst the willows, conifers and fruit trees.  Relax in the hot tub, warm up in front of the log fire or enjoy a cocktail on the verandah. As one TripAdvisor traveler said, "Romantic, luxurious, a hidden treasure." It has one bedroom and sleeps two; prices start at $228 per night.', 'Come and stay in a cozy and exciting little house in the trees. Fantastic for adventurous families, but equally wonderful as a romantic break for couples, or a unique treat for groups of friends. The treehouse is divided into two separate pods - the Living Pod and the Sleeping Pod and joined by smart decking. The Living Pod includes one lovely timber clad room with kitchen area, dining table and benches, and sofa - and is heated with a cozy logburning stove. French doors lead out onto a sunny decking area for al fresco eating and relaxing.  As one TripAdvisor traveler said, "Into the Woods exceeded all hopes and expectations." It has two bedrooms and sleeps six; prices start at $228 per night.', 'The Treehouse is situated in the beautiful conservation village of Halse in Somerset, in an area of outstanding natural beauty between Exmoor, the Brendon, Blackdown and Quantock Hills.  It has a private hot tub and use of an indoor heated swimming pool every afternoon. It has two bedrooms and sleeps five; prices start at $229 per night.']