['feeling is how Lautner was almost dropped from the New Moon cast because Weitz, who took over for Twilight director  Catherine Hardwicke , didn\'t think he could fill out Jacob\'s superhuman dimensions. "When Taylor was first cast, there were ', 'after a catastrophic car accident. "If I Stay" was recently confirmed as the next film for "Twilight" director  Catherine Hardwicke  and is slated for release in 2011. Read an excerpt of the book below, and then head to the "GMA" Library for ', 'The recently opened "Twilight," directed by  Catherine Hardwicke , is on its way to eclipsing both with a current What Does a $70 Million Opening Weekend Get  Catherine Hardwicke ? Fired." Summit Entertainment, the film\'s ', 'Bella Swan is depressed , and nobody can blame her. In " The Twilight Saga: New Moon ," the much-anticipated sequel to the tween vampire romance "Twilight," Bella (Kristin Stewart) is living a nightmare. At the beginning of the film, her vampire boyfriend, Edward Cullen (the iconic teenage', 'will be taking the helm of "New Moon" from  Catherine Hardwicke  , who was reportedly dropped from the sequel because What Does a $70 Million Opening Weekend Get  Catherine Hardwicke ? Fired." Summit Entertainment, the film\'s ', 'Edward tells Bella that he is a vampire and they try to kiss. Afterward, Pattinson lobbied the film\'s director,  Catherine Hardwicke , for the role -- the first time he had ever done so. "It\'s the biggest job I\'ve ever got," he said ', 'It hits screens May 22. "This is the first place you want to make a good impression," says Twilight director  Catherine Hardwicke . "If you can make an impression with these fans, your movie is off to a good start."', 'happened," he said. "And we don\'t look at the individuals. We don\'t put a human face on these people."  Catherine Hardwicke , director of "Thirteen" and "Lords of Dogtown," brought her vision to directing the film. "It\'s more ', "person of my father. I'm cool and Monday it URD caps that it. Yes I've read something about. of sitting and  Catherine Hardwicke  the director's bedroom and just putting in thousands of the ultimate gorgeous guy. In the world to petition ", "it. Yes I've read something about. -- -- -- of sitting and Catherine Hardwicke the director's bedroom and just putting in thousands of the ultimate gorgeous guy. In the world to petition. Don't -- -- and ", "Vampire romance twilight sucked up more than seventy million dollars at the box office.  Catherine Hardwicke  film is the biggest opening ever for a female director twilight is based on Stephanie Meyer's novel of forbidden love between a vampire. And a high school.", "twilight sucked up more than seventy million dollars at the box office. Catherine Hardwicke film is the biggest opening ever for a female director twilight is based on Stephanie Meyer's novel of forbidden love between a ", "media they're just starting to cross that line where they cease to be made just exclusively for. Entertainment.  Catherine Hardwicke  produced the game I the cost of life the objective to get Haitian family of five and education while living in ", 'that line where they cease to be made just exclusively for. Entertainment. Catherine Hardwicke produced the game I -- the cost of life the objective to get -- Haitian family of five and education while living ']