["Andrew Jarecki,  Brett Ratner  and Ryan Kavanaugh on Catfish's journey to theaters", "a chance to provide his career. Last year He said He wanted to get back into And it's likely no coincidence that  Brett Ratner  the producer of the Oscars directed her in the upcoming action comedy tower So will we get ED and you what did PG version ", "wanted to get back into -- And it's likely no coincidence that Brett Ratner the producer of the Oscars directed her in the upcoming action comedy tower -- So will we get ED and you what ", "exact bootleg dvd beauty. agreeing to host next February's Oscars is seen as a coup for the show's co producer.  Brett Ratner  directed bird feed me this involves tower heist it put you trying to steal one million dollars. The choice of Murphy ", "February's Oscars is seen as a coup for the show's co producer. Brett Ratner directed bird feed me this involves tower heist it put you trying to steal one million dollars. The choice of Murphy steps ", "Murphy from back in the Beverly Hills makes me wanna rush yet. It isn't it for him. That's apparently director  Brett Ratner . And Eddie Murphy are also teaming up on another. Huge project and the Oscar and yet right that yes exactly. And ", "yet. It isn't -- it for him. That's -- -- apparently director Brett Ratner . And Eddie Murphy are also teaming up on another. Huge project and the Oscar and yet right -- that yes exactly. And ", 'seems to play the partnership. To sexy a lot of twists and turns along the way which is a little bit Smart and you.  Brett Ratner  and I gave this movie news five and it deserves more than Yes I really liked that comment by Hammond and I thought about ', 'along the way which is a little bit Smart -- and you. Brett Ratner and I gave this movie news five and -- -- -- -- it deserves more than -- Yes I really liked that ', "roundup of the top stories making headlines right now Erica thank you finish for joining a little author of it seems that  Brett Ratner  who was all that to reduce that now I'm while promoting his tower he made it very insensitive comment. And it just ", "thank you finish for joining a little author of it seems that Brett Ratner who was all that to reduce that now I'm -- -- while promoting his -- tower -- he made it very insensitive ", "confidant Paul Patton self netspective coming out that right I'll. So a big Oscar news haven't. Emerging this morning  Brett Ratner  who was supposed to be the young hip. Core producer kind of added some spice to the show he now quit the show because ", "-- right I'll. So a big Oscar news haven't. Emerging this morning Brett Ratner who was supposed to be the young hip. Core producer kind of -- added some spice to the show he -- now ", "upsetting about that is he was other reasons why I don't. sports inning comeback well you know I we we know that  Brett Ratner  resigned as the producer. It is forced out it was kind of forced out because he made some really. Terrible remark ", '-- sports inning comeback well you know I we we know that Brett Ratner resigned as the producer. It is -- -- forced out it was kind of forced out because he made some really. Terrible ', "find a new MC. More from KBC's rob Hayes. You may need a scorecard for Hollywood's next Oscar telecast producer  Brett Ratner  note producer Brian Grazer. Oscar host Eddie Murphy out now the world is left wondering be the next host announced ", "Hayes. You may need a scorecard for Hollywood's next Oscar telecast producer Brett Ratner note producer Brian Grazer. Oscar host Eddie Murphy out now the world is left wondering -- be the next host announced by ", "Taylor. Meanwhile a new interview with Jackson surfaced on you to do which she's talking to his friend movie producer  Brett Ratner . You asked Jackson his life's greatest less. The truth will be. Houston. She didn't have insurance. Record ", "on you to do which she's talking to his friend movie producer Brett Ratner . You asked Jackson his life's greatest less. The truth will be. Houston. She didn't have insurance. Record companies steel. And she can ", "the team over there and the answer someone. come over salt UN why aren't. Yeah yeah. Look at. Yeah bulk yeah.  Brett Ratner  had robber as it. We're not gonna come looking. flash be the first to know what's coming up on Good Morning America ", "-- -- -- -- Yeah yeah. Look at. Yeah bulk -- yeah. Brett Ratner had robber as it. We're not gonna come -- looking. -- -- -- -- -- -- flash be the first to know ", "big Hollywood roll night coming I'm in Israel that that's that Superman of course yes. And that is I guess when  Brett Ratner  was still involved with the film you were his first yes and then things and then and then faith happened and things ", "that's that Superman of course yes. And that is I guess when Brett Ratner was still involved with the film you were his first -- yes and then things and then and then faith happened and "]