['Little Texas is 49. Actress Vivica A. Fox is 49. Actor Terry Crews ("Everybody Hates Chris") is 45. Director  Christopher Nolan  ("Memento," \'\'Insomnia") is 43. Actor Tom Green is 42. Drummer Brad Hargreaves of Third Eye Blind is 42 ', 'stayed close to his entourage by the fire pit. Meanwhile, 600 guests, including Michael Shannon , Zack Snyder and  Christopher Nolan  , sipped Laurent-Perrier champagne and mojitos and nibbled on tuna tataki, Samba London rolls, Wagyu Te Amo rolls ', 'vulnerability." "I\'m playing some sort of musical chess," Zimmer said, noting that as the final installment of the  Christopher Nolan  trilogy began when Batman was wounded. The superheroes themselves have changed their metaphorical tunes ever so ', "'Man of Steel' Star Henry Cavill on Being Stunned When He Got the Part, Donning the Iconic Suit", 'Through The Years "I grew up watching \'Superman,\' Dick Donner, made in 1978," said "Man of Steel" producer  Christopher Nolan , known for producing the billion-dollar "Batman" trilogy reinvention. "It had an epic quality to it that seemed ', 'You\'re lucky you can get to have one to run around and tell people you are Batman." RELATED: \'We\'re Done\':  Christopher Nolan  Says Ending \'Batman\' Trilogy Was \'Emotional\' Bale told Zach that he and his wife would dress up as Batman and ', 'screening of the movie. Cast members Christian Bale, Anne Hathaway, and Morgan Freeman, along with director  Christopher Nolan , canceled several media appearances as well. Bale later traveled to Colorado to visit victims at the Medical Center ', 'screening of the movie. Cast members Christian Bale, Anne Hathaway and Morgan Freeman, along with their director  Christopher Nolan , subsequently canceled several media appearances, as well. "Jack Reacher" is scheduled for national release ', 'tickets to see "The Dark Knight Rises" even though she\'d bought them in advance because she loved the second  Christopher Nolan  "Batman" film so much. She said she couldn\'t face going to the theater in the wake of the Colorado shooting on ', 'victims and their loved ones, but my heart goes out to them." RELATED: \'Dark Knight Rises\' Dominates Box Office  Christopher Nolan , who directed Bale in the latest Batman trilogy, released a statement Friday expressing his "profound sorrow at ', 'Dark Knight Rises," said in a statement Saturday.  Christopher Nolan , director of " The Dark Knight Rises, " called previously believed the final installment of director  Christopher Nolan \'s trilogy could top the record-breaking, $207 ', 'wearing a gas mask and was dressed in body armor.  Christopher Nolan , director of " The Dark Knight Rises, " called previously believed the final installment of director  Christopher Nolan \'s trilogy could top the record-breaking, $207 ', 'Batman, Kids and Aurora: How to Talk to Children About the Colorado Movie Theater Shooting', "But unlike other shootings, the fact that it happened during the viewing of a movie -- the third in director  Christopher Nolan 's popular Batman film franchise -- anticipated by kids and teenagers everywhere may make it feel frighteningly ", "the fact that the end is maybe a little too much. That Henry Campbell made a really good Superman. The fact that  Christopher Nolan  was involved many good much better than Iron Man three I don't care about people out that I'm and three state ", "much. That Henry Campbell made a really good Superman. The fact that Christopher Nolan was involved many good much better than Iron Man three I don't care about people out -- that I'm and three -- ", "is Is very lonely. So there's always a lot of talk comparing Superman and Batman this its just the latest and  Christopher Nolan  is producer on announcement and did that start Yup so I don't know in terms object Zach Schneider directing this ", "of talk comparing Superman and Batman this its just the latest and Christopher Nolan is producer on announcement and did that start -- Yup so I don't know in terms object Zach Schneider directing this and ", 'and a lieutenant once, but general is a big jump up. Well, you were genetically engineered to do it. I want --  christopher nolan  and zach were in charge of the story and really committed to the origin story. We spend a very significant very ', 'up. Well, you were genetically engineered to do it. I want -- christopher nolan and zach were in charge of the story and really committed to the origin story. We spend a very significant very important ', "well here comes the third and final installment of  Christopher Nolan  man trilogy. Sure to be taking a theater near you it's a showpiece for the skills of writer director  Christopher Nolan . He at three pictured nine year run that re imagine ", "fashioned summer blockbuster well here comes the third and final installment of Christopher Nolan -- man trilogy. Sure to be taking a theater near you by storm ABC's Chris Connolly has a behind the scenes sneak ", "in rainy Scotland it's a showpiece for the skills of writer director Christopher Nolan . He -- at three pictured nine year run that re imagine that Batman franchise. -- This -- was eight years off -- "]