["Pearl Jam Twenty,' by Pearl Jam, $40 Published in celebration of the band's 20th anniversary and in concert with  Cameron Crowe 's documentary of the same name, the book traces the band's grunge beginnings to chart-topping success to its ", 'from the Doors to the Who to the Rolling Stones, and whose 1987 autobiography is called "I\'m With the Band." The  Cameron Crowe  film "Almost Famous" looked at the secret life of rock stars on the road, and in the movie the term "groupie ', 'That influence led to access, a music journalist\'s best friend. This access was most recently portrayed in  Cameron Crowe \'s semi-autobiographical film "Almost Famous." When the Cover Says It All Writers and photographers, like a ', 'America" to whip up a few of her favorite home cooking recipes. Deen also plays Orlando Bloom\'s Aunt Dora in the new  Cameron Crowe  film, "Elizabethtown." After the death of her parents, a young Deen was debilitated with agoraphobia, a fear of ', 'Orlando Bloom\'s long voyage to "Elizabethtown" began in Canterbury, England, and director  Cameron Crowe  wanted his British star to lose a whole lot more than his accent before exploring Kentucky\'s back roads. "He would tell me ', "No Competition With Mom Hawn's daughter, 23-year-old Kate Hudson, played a rock groupie two years ago in  Cameron Crowe 's Almost Famous, a role that earned her an Oscar nomination. You might assume Hudson's a little more attuned ", 'realize what I didn\'t want in a boyfriend. Steven gave me my beautiful daughter." Never a Mere Groupie Director  Cameron Crowe , who met Buell in 1975, used her as a model for the groupie Penny Lane in his film Almost Famous. Buell said she ', "told ABCNEWS Radio last year. Last year, Chris, the frontman, married Kate Hudson, who played the groupie in  Cameron Crowe 's film Almost Famous. Gossip pages have reported that her presence has fueled dissent between the brothers.", "according to Goldstein, are Shrek, a likely nominee in the first-ever Best Animated Film Category (12-1);  Cameron Crowe 's Vanilla Sky (15-1); the first The Lord of the Rings film, The Fellowship of the Ring, which is a shoo-in ", "according to Goldstein, are Shrek, a likely nominee in the first-ever Best Animated Film Category (12-1);  Cameron Crowe 's Vanilla Sky (15-1); the first The Lord of the Rings film, The Fellowship of the Ring, which is a shoo-in ", "according to Goldstein, are Shrek, a likely nominee in the first-ever Best Animated Film Category (12-1);  Cameron Crowe 's Vanilla Sky (15-1); the first The Lord of the Rings film, The Fellowship of the Ring, which is a shoo-in ", "according to Goldstein, are Shrek, a likely nominee in the first-ever Best Animated Film Category (12-1);  Cameron Crowe 's Vanilla Sky (15-1); the first The Lord of the Rings film, The Fellowship of the Ring, which is a shoo-in ", "It's Benjamin. This is into my daughter. In the big boy Dylan and And this is our now I guess. So I would like to declare us all modern day adventures. And sponsors of animal greatness. OK terrific but. You have just seen a scene from we bought a zoo. And you see that there's a lot of animals in it"]