['Jake Locker probably wasn\'t too pleased when the Tennessee Titans flirted with the idea of bringing in longtime AFC South rival Peyton Manning during the offseason.And who could blame last year\'s first-round draft pick for having mixed emotions? The Titans used the eighth overall pick on Locker with the intention of him being their quarterback of the future. When Manning opted to join the Denver Broncos, the Titans eventually made it clear that Locker was the man."It\'s really cool," Locker said after the announcement that he won a competition with veteran Matt Hasselbeck. "It\'s something I\'m proud of, but it\'s not going to change my approach on how I practice or my preparation for a game. That will still all be the same, but it is cool to be given this opportunity."Locker beat out last year\'s starter, Hasselbeck, who said he\'s excited to help his teammate and would be happy to support him in any way he can. It\'s admirable for Hasselbeck to be John Q. Supportive, since he\'s now taking a...', "The Indianapolis Colts' already beleaguered defense took another hit Tuesday.Team officials announced that safety Melvin Bullitt, Bob Sanders' replacement, will miss...", 'After Peyton Manning threw three first-half passes that should have been intercepted, his teammates made up for it by losing three fumbles in the second half. The de...', "Two weeks ago, Aaron Francisco was just hoping to land another NFL job.A few days later, he was a starting safety for the defending AFC champs. Now, he's a household...", "OVERVIEWThe Carolina Panthers fell to 8-8 in 2009 largely due to an inadequate passing attack that ranked as the league's sixth-worst unit. The team cut ties with lo...", 'Panthers will be without 11 injured players in preseason opener; all 4 QBs could play', "Take the NFL's third-youngest team and subtract several key veterans because of injuries and it leaves Carolina Panthers coach John Fox facing an intriguing preseaso...", "The Carolina Panthers entered training camp with the NFL's third-youngest roster. Then in final cuts they kept most of the youngsters.The Panthers trimmed 22 players...", "The Tennessee Titans waived 16 players on Friday to get down to the NFL's mandatory 53-man roster limit while placing five others on injured reserve, including veter...", 'The Tennessee Titans have agreed to terms on a one-year contract with former Colts and Cardinals safety Aaron Francisco.Terms of the contract, which was announced Fr...', 'The Detroit Lions signed unrestricted free agent safety Aaron Francisco on Wednesday.Francisco, 28, has played six NFL seasons with the Arizona Cardinals and Indiana...', 'The Detroit Lions activated cornerback season limit of 53 players.Smith recorded 39 tackles and five interceptions in 12 games (10 starts) last season, his first wit...', 'It was the most innocuous of headlines: "Colts activate word phrase in the NFL.Though he\'s a four-time league MVP, 11-time Pro Bowler, Super Bowl champion and sure-f...', "Recessions are nothing new to the people of Detroit, which may explain the city's tolerance over the repeated failures of the hometown Lions.The franchise has been t...", 'For the first time in almost 14 years, the Indianapolis Colts will play a meaningful game without Peyton Manning under center.Though they probably would have liked t...']