['program at the Berlinale three years ago, is based on "Blood Simple," the directorial debut of the brothers  Joel and Ethan Coen . The remake made more than 10 times as much in China as the original did in the United States. Every year festival ', 'actress: Marion Cotillard, "La Vie en Rose" Best actor: Daniel Day-Lewis, "There Will Be Blood" Best director:  Joel Coen  and  Ethan Coen , "No Country for Old Men" Golden Globe winners Best picture (drama): "Atonement" Best actress (drama): Julie ', 'recent appearances in "Bad Teacher" and "Friends With Benefits." He most recently signed on to play Dave Van Ronk in the latest  Coen brothers  project "Inside Lewyn Davis," a film about the early 60s folk scene in Greenwich Village.', 'Actor Jeff Bridges has played many roles in his 50-year acting career. His most iconic was "the Dude" in the  Coen Brothers \' cult classic, "The Big Lebowski," while his portrayal of a down-and-out country singer in "Lonely Heart ', 'since the nominations were announced. But there are late-in-the-game whispers about newcomer Hailee Steinfeld in the  Coen Brothers \' western, "True Grit." Also, in the Hollywood-is-just-high-school-with-money department, there has been ', 'collaboration between Bridges and the  Coen brothers , Ethan and Joel, since the trio worked 150 million. Bridges said when the  Coen brothers  first approached him about playing talking about because it reads like a  Coen brothers  script ... wonderful characters ', 'The Fighter") and Tom Hooper ("The King\'s Speech") -- received Oscar nods. But "True Grit" directors  Joel and Ethan Coen  beat out Nolan for the fifth slot. The complaints are already pouring in to Twitter. One person tweeted: "Hey ', 'Best Director Darren Aronofsky ("Black Swan")  Joel and Ethan Coen  ("True Grit") David Fincher ("The Social Network Hours") Aaron Sorkin ("The Social Network")  Joel and Ethan Coen  ("True Grit") Debra Granik, Anne Rosellini ', 'Aronofsky - "Black Swan" Danny Boyle - "127 Hours"  Joel Coen  &  Ethan Coen  - "True Grit" Tom Hooper - "The King\'s Speech Andrew Stanton and Lee Unkrich) "True Grit" -  Joel Coen  &  Ethan Coen  "Winter\'s Bone" - Debra Granik and Anne Rosellini ', 'must solve logic puzzles to figure out why an eraser factory has been shut down. CNET\'s Dan Ackerman says it feels like a  Coen Brothers  movie. "I think the big appeal of Puzzle Agent is really the cool, quirky visual style, the clever writing, there\'s ', "an unemployment rate of over 11 percent. Fargo, North Dakota The city of Fargo became the butt of many jokes after the  Coen brothers  film borrowed the town's name. Snow and distinct funny accents became the city's attributes more than 100 years after ", 'said. " Matt Damon\'s performance was really good, but \'The Informant\' has dropped off the radar." Belloni said the  Coen brothers \' film "A Serious Man" is good, but some are questioning whether it\'s more drama than comedy. Best Supporting Actress ', "talk about the silver screen. Recognize this guy? That's justin timberlake. Back on the big screen for a brand-new  coen brothers  movie. He's playing isaac trying to MAKE IT BIG IN THE '60s. It also stars kerry morgan. It is slated to hit theaters ", "guy? That's justin timberlake. Back on the big screen for a brand-new coen brothers movie. He's playing isaac trying to MAKE IT BIG IN THE '60s. It also stars kerry morgan. It is slated to hit ", 'Javier Bardem, Josh Brolin, and Kelly McDonald discuss "No Country For Old Men."', 'Schnabel for the diving bell and the butterfly. Jason Reitman for Juno. Tony Gilroy for Michael Clayton. Joseph Cohen and  Ethan Coen  for no country for old men. And Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best original screenplay the nominees we have Hampton for atonement. Sarah Polley for away from her. Ronald Harwood for the diving bell and the butterfly.  Joel Coen  and Ethan for no country for old men and Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best foreign language film ', 'away from her. Ronald Harwood for the diving bell and the butterfly. Joel Coen and Ethan -- for no country for old men and Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best foreign language ', "and I think of the movie Especially the work He did with  Coen Brothers  excuse me have to think the moment and save big about is can't fully within the providers which you're going to do  Coen Brothers . Jeff came up with fellow. The line He called the vague ", 'think of the movie -- -- Especially the work He did with Coen Brothers excuse me -- have to think the moment and save big about -- is you know that did manage this. It fit ', "people still can't fully within the providers which you're going to do Coen Brothers . -- Jeff came up with fellow. The line He called the vague about security human -- quiet and Jeffords. The there was ", 'Barack. The swept into a gauntlet of mistaken identity persecution. And yet. Keeps his zen all right yeah. act. The  Coen Brothers  have made better films and bridges has done more important work but for some reason this one still resonates. What you get ', 'persecution. And yet. Keeps his zen all right yeah. -- act. The Coen Brothers have made better films and bridges has done more important work but for some reason this one still resonates. What -- you ', "man and yet you know I'm looking at you and you have worked with directors. Steve Spielberg Martins says he can't the  Coen Brothers  now Terrified. Why not excited I know what the Cameron who left handed it to you can't So I want the truth I'm gonna ", "have worked with directors. Steve Spielberg Martins says he can't -- the Coen Brothers now -- -- -- Terrified. Why not excited I know what the -- Cameron -- who left handed it to you can't ", "mastermind of the plot and the cops believe her. The story of what was going on it's just amazing it's almost like a  Coen Brothers  from the years. Geysers lawyers Debra Kaiser and James say it all began when initiated the affair won't with diamond jeweler ", "of what was going on it's just amazing it's almost like a Coen Brothers from the years. Geysers lawyers Debra Kaiser and James -- say it all began when -- initiated the affair won't -- -- "]