['Javier Bardem, Josh Brolin, and Kelly McDonald discuss "No Country For Old Men."', 'Schnabel for the diving bell and the butterfly. Jason Reitman for Juno. Tony Gilroy for Michael Clayton. Joseph Cohen and  Ethan Coen  for no country for old men. And Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best original screenplay the nominees we have Hampton for atonement. Sarah Polley for away from her. Ronald Harwood for the diving bell and the butterfly.  Joel Coen  and Ethan for no country for old men and Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best foreign language film ', 'away from her. Ronald Harwood for the diving bell and the butterfly. Joel Coen and Ethan -- for no country for old men and Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best foreign language ', "and I think of the movie Especially the work He did with  Coen Brothers  excuse me have to think the moment and save big about is can't fully within the providers which you're going to do  Coen Brothers . Jeff came up with fellow. The line He called the vague ", 'think of the movie -- -- Especially the work He did with Coen Brothers excuse me -- have to think the moment and save big about -- is you know that did manage this. It fit ', "people still can't fully within the providers which you're going to do Coen Brothers . -- Jeff came up with fellow. The line He called the vague about security human -- quiet and Jeffords. The there was ", 'Barack. The swept into a gauntlet of mistaken identity persecution. And yet. Keeps his zen all right yeah. act. The  Coen Brothers  have made better films and bridges has done more important work but for some reason this one still resonates. What you get ', 'persecution. And yet. Keeps his zen all right yeah. -- act. The Coen Brothers have made better films and bridges has done more important work but for some reason this one still resonates. What -- you ', "man and yet you know I'm looking at you and you have worked with directors. Steve Spielberg Martins says he can't the  Coen Brothers  now Terrified. Why not excited I know what the Cameron who left handed it to you can't So I want the truth I'm gonna ", "have worked with directors. Steve Spielberg Martins says he can't -- the Coen Brothers now -- -- -- Terrified. Why not excited I know what the -- Cameron -- who left handed it to you can't ", "mastermind of the plot and the cops believe her. The story of what was going on it's just amazing it's almost like a  Coen Brothers  from the years. Geysers lawyers Debra Kaiser and James say it all began when initiated the affair won't with diamond jeweler ", "of what was going on it's just amazing it's almost like a Coen Brothers from the years. Geysers lawyers Debra Kaiser and James -- say it all began when -- initiated the affair won't -- -- ", "movie is no different than any movie you know as well as do you do three million dollar movie twenty million dollar movie do  Coen Brothers  movie you're figuring at the end no country I think was the only movie we ever did. Where it just was what Wallace. They ", "you do three million dollar movie -- twenty million dollar movie do Coen Brothers movie you're figuring at the end no country I think was the only movie we ever did. Where it just was what ", "humanity under a broad western sky is still worthwhile. Who must be called one of the best he's the America. Well the cast in the  Coen Brothers  have hit the bull's this one. I enjoyed true grit so much I actually twice in one week.", "the best he's -- the -- America. Well the cast in the Coen Brothers have hit the bull's -- -- this one. I enjoyed true grit so much I actually -- twice in one week. ", "actors together and and they you know you start and I seen and that dialogue just flows it's really create so. Now do the  Coen Brothers  make it possible and these actors that you working with so that you don't just say. I'm freaking out. well. so so ", "and that dialogue just flows it's really create so. Now do the Coen Brothers make it possible and these actors that you working with so that you don't just say. I'm freaking out. -- well. -- ", 'Inception directed by the forgotten man Christopher Nolan. The fight. With Mark Wahlberg and Christian true grit by the  Coen Brothers . 127. James Franco would feel you remember that And an animated movie Toy Story 3 manages to get into that category now ', 'The fight. With Mark Wahlberg and Christian -- true grit by the Coen Brothers . 127. -- James Franco would feel you remember that -- And an animated movie Toy Story 3 manages to get into that ', "you say is a potential dark horse here any the other nominees got a shot. It could be trigger the Oscars do like in the  Coen Brothers  and the Cumberland they've really made an important and close to the war on so it is they are people you can vote for 95 ", "shot. It could be trigger -- the Oscars do like in the Coen Brothers and the Cumberland -- they've -- really made an important and close to the war on so it is -- -- they ", "Now if you don't know that 1998  Coen Brothers  movie the big look or even if you do. You might be surprised just that created the defense they've watched the quirky  Coen Brothers  film more than a hundred times and can recite it line by ", "Now if you don't know that 1998 Coen Brothers movie the big look -- -- or even if you do. You might be surprised to learn that it confusing tale of ", "and -- just that created the -- defense they've watched the quirky Coen Brothers film more than a hundred times and can recite it line by line. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- And like ", "depresses me more about the golden gloves and what they do is what they leave out. What they don't really nominate the  Coen Brothers  true grit with chip bridges Matt Damon and a newcomer named a least felt. All I think Oscar nomination eight. None of Scott ", "do is what they leave out. What they don't really nominate the Coen Brothers -- true grit with chip bridges Matt Damon and a newcomer named a least -- felt. All I think Oscar nomination -- ", 'when I feed everybody say well this is Jeff Bridges and the  Coen Brothers  back doing. kind of family viewing for the holidays. What movies. Is casting not only the actors but also the crew  Coen Brothers  circle themselves. With his wonderful family. Or issue ', 'when I feed everybody say well this is Jeff Bridges and the Coen Brothers back doing. -- kind of family viewing for the holidays. What if your greatest trick at -- -- could make a fair ', 'movies. Is casting not only the actors but also the crew -- Coen Brothers -- circle themselves. With his wonderful family. Or issue Roger deacons from -- and photographers in the world. Shot true grit He ', "tremendous amount of and from the moment He comes on screen you're just something to his performance is gonna get him an the  Coen Brothers  are back and Ethan Cohen are I are the writers and directors of true This what is more based on the novel than it is the ", 'just something to his performance is gonna get him an -- the Coen Brothers are back -- -- and Ethan Cohen are I are the writers and directors of true -- This what is more based ', "nominations remember the Golden Globe nominations came out. True hadn't become the audience picture that it's become since the  Coen Brothers  movie we've become a movie that audiences would love in droves that's never happened so this a groundswell that's that's ", "True -- hadn't become the audience picture that it's become since the Coen Brothers movie we've become a movie that audiences would love in droves that's never happened -- so this -- a groundswell that's that's ", 'Back with the  Coen Brothers  and wonderful work those guys again they really know how to do it. When they called did you think basket to. Revenge of the do ', 'Back with the Coen Brothers and wonderful work -- those guys again they really know how to do it. When they called did you think -- basket ', "Who must solve logic puzzles to figure out why in a factory has been shut down cnet's Dan Ackerman says. It feels like a  Coen Brothers  movie. I think the big appeal a puzzle agent is he really cool quirky visual style the clever writing of lot of funny lines ", "has been shut down cnet's Dan Ackerman says. It feels like a Coen Brothers movie. I think the big appeal a puzzle agent is he really cool quirky visual style the clever writing of lot of ", "the who now. Wear brown would like like on bag you know I didn't I didn't smoke in the lead are met for the cause the  Coen Brothers . They wouldn't like it. I don't know about them their script is so precise you know we would. We would improvise sometimes ", "I didn't smoke in the lead are met for the cause the Coen Brothers . They wouldn't like it. I don't know about them -- their script is so precise you know we would. We would improvise "]