['emotional basket case; Michael Jackson has none of the Scarecrow\'s requisite aw-shucks charm." Even director  Sidney Lumet  saw the film as a flop. "\'\'It was a disaster. I had this idea that a great fantasy could be made out of New York ', 'Veteran film director  Sidney Lumet  , the man behind such American classics as "Dog Day Afternoon Woody Allen, his work is often associated with the Big Apple.  Sidney Lumet \'s Diverse Film Career Lumet was the child of Yiddish theater ', 'Vanderbilt says Brando kept a framed picture of himself next to his bed. She would marry a third time, to director  Sidney Lumet , and a fourth time, to author Wyatt Cooper, the man she calls her soulmate. "Wyatt Cooper was a great love ', 'Dead" in 2007, a year before she played a stripper in "The Wrestler," because she wanted to work with director  Sidney Lumet , who insisted on explicit nudity for her character. "I trusted Sidney," Tomei told the Los Angeles Times. "I ', 'A 1981 film titled "The Chosen," starring Robbie Benson, revolved around the story of two Hasidic teenagers.  Sidney Lumet \'s 1992 movie "A Stranger Among Us" focused on Melanie Griffith as a cop who goes undercover in a Hasidic neighborhood ', 'Newman headlined one of the best courtroom nail-biters ever, with assists from screenwriter David Mamet and director  Sidney Lumet . "The Color of Money" (1986, Touchstone) A quarter-century later, "The Hustler"\'s Eddie Felson wasn\'t ', 'controversial 1953 execution of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg for allegedly passing atomic bomb secrets to the Soviets,  Sidney Lumet \'s movie of E.L. Doctorow\'s fictionalized "The Book of Daniel" (screenplay by the author), deals primarily ', 'Thank you" before walking off stage. This year  Sidney Lumet  -- who helmed "12 Angry Men," "Dog Day Afternoon only award came for best visual effects for "2001."  Sidney Lumet : Four Directorial Nominations For "The Verdict" in ', 'and the influence of media on political and cultural life. Written by Paddy Chayefsky and directed with precision by  Sidney Lumet , it stars William Holden, Faye Dunaway, Robert Duvall and Oscar-winner Peter Finch as the fiery Howard Beale. George ', "of America's great directors has died in the met who left the world with so many classics. And is immortal movie line. I present it. Network was should be limits satirical look at television news. One of the iconic movies fifty year film directing career told powerful moral tales from the hole in.", "of sorts. Some of the blood was visible to the naked I some of the blood was only visible through the use of CS side  Sidney Lumet  and all. That apparently showed of the blood. That's not good they also told me point they do not believe left on ", "of the blood was only visible through the use of CS side Sidney Lumet and all. That apparently showed -- of the blood. That's not good they also told me point -- they do not believe "]