['PacificCoastNews.com It appears actress Rosario Dawson \'s May-December romance with "Slumdog Millionaire" director  Danny Boyle  may be over. At a recent press junket for their upcoming film, "Trance," a source told Us Weekly that there was ', 'Reader" Best actor: Sean Penn, "Milk" Best director:  Danny Boyle , "Slumdog Millionaire" Golden Globe winners Best picture Mickey Rourke, "The Wrestler" Best director:  Danny Boyle , "Slumdog Millionaire" 2008 Oscar winners Best picture ', 'down the opportunity to appear at the Olympics Opening Ceremony last summer, despite a personal request from filmmaker  Danny Boyle , leading to rumors of deteriorating health, which his representative denied. "Where Are We Now?" was produced ', 'identical dresses, one for the monarch and the other for her stunt double. Kelly, who was working closely with director  Danny Boyle  who orchestrated the opening ceremonies, also says that Buckingham Palace had no idea why they were making identical ', 'I didn\'t feel like I needed to waste my time with a bad teacher and that I should go and work with [director]  Danny Boyle . I felt like that was the right decision." He was nominated for a Best Actor Oscar for his "127 Hours" role as ', "performances by English pop and rock super stars and a show-stopper by the beloved Spice Girls. In contrast to director  Danny Boyle 's divisive opening ceremony, which featured performances from Paul McCartney, rapper Dizzee Rascal and rockers the ", "Danny Boyle 's opening extravaganza highlighted the best of the British, icons like Potter, Bond and Bean, but London 2012 also spotlights ", 'today, kicking off with the Opening Ceremony which begins at 4p ET. The ceremony will be directed by British director  Danny Boyle  of "Slumdog Millionaire" fame. Details have been kept pretty well under wraps, though the few that have emerged ', 'Olympics Opening Ceremony: Director Danny Boyle  to Bring Spectacle and Surprises to Event', 'witness the extravaganza. FULL COVERAGE: 2012 London Olympics At the helm of the ceremony is British film director  Danny Boyle , who won the 2008 best director Oscar for "Slumdog Millionaire." Boyle plans to use the ceremony to celebrate England\'s ', "evoked the history of the United Kingdom to kick off the 2012 Olympics . In the ceremony, choreographed by director  Danny Boyle , London took the drama in the opposite direction from that taken by Beijing's Olympic organizers in 2008. In the ", 'secret-but it apparently wasn\'t enough to share visions of a neo-idyllic countryside, now the entire playlist to  Danny Boyle \'s "Isles of Wonder"ceremony, allegedly leaked, is available for public scrutiny. If you thought sheep in east ', 'Danny Boyle  with Volunteers at the Unveiling of the some 10,000 volunteers and directed by  Danny Boyle , its $42 million price-tag is no bother quantity, is being focused on. When  Danny Boyle  unveiled a model of his July 27 vision ', 'the British countryside" called "Green and Pleasant," for the opening ceremony of the Games on 27 July. Director  Danny Boyle , and a cast of 10,000 volunteers will help recreate country scenes, against a backdrop featuring farmyard animals ', "Hi Peter Travers and welcome to a special Oscar edition of popcorn. How we talked recently with  Danny Boyle  the director of slum dog millionaire and the movie that everybody thinks it's the front runner for best picture. And I would ", "to a special Oscar edition of popcorn. How we talked recently with Danny Boyle the director of slum dog millionaire and the movie that everybody thinks it's the front runner for best picture. And I would ", "Danny Boyle , the games' artistic director, shows a model to preview the ceremony", 'then two, then five. At the delight of the royals,  danny boyle  used music, dance, light and stage craft to pay tribute national health care system. A moment of relief for  danny boyle  who won an oscar for "slumdog millionaire," but this ', 'glowing ring, then two, then five. At the delight of the royals, danny boyle used music, dance, light and stage craft to pay tribute to everything from james bond and the queen to peter pan and british e. Brin\'s national health care system. A moment of relief for danny boyle who won an oscar for "slumdog millionaire," but this was a challenge unlike any other. It\'s live and one-time only. I\'ll never ', 'contributions from this island nation over the centuries here.  Danny boyle  who won an oscar for slum dog millionaire who brought london night. And in a sweeping rambling narrative,  danny boyle  gave tribute to james bond and the queen to harry potter ', 'intelligence. Their cultural contributions from this island nation over the centuries here. Danny boyle who won an oscar for slum dog millionaire who brought the world train spotting and 28 days later, this may be his ', 'in spark in the london night. And in a sweeping rambling narrative, danny boyle gave tribute to james bond and the queen to harry potter and the national health care system, even mr. Bean and the ']