['Evil Dead" remake (which drops the definite article from the title) is produced by original "The Evil Dead" director  Sam Raimi  and his trilogy star, Bruce Campbell. Make no mistake, these two are extremely protective about their property, have ', 'got to spend some time on the set with Williams, who plays a young Glinda the Good Witch in the flick. "Our director  Sam Raimi  made sure it was a great experience for her. It\'s rarely magical behind the scenes, but he had a little chair for ', 'screenwriter and actor," he told "ET." Prince\'s first interview for the show included James Franco, Zach Braff and  Sam Raimi  from the upcoming film "Oz the Great and Powerful." He was mentored through the interview by ET Correspondent Brooke ', 'Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2? talked to reporters and Twihards alike; and original Spider-Man series director  Sam Raimi  and his cast plugged "Oz: The Great and the Powerful," a prequel to "The Wizard of Oz." "Twilight" star Kristen ', '1893 Gummo Marx 1925 Johnny Carson 1942 Michael Crighton 1954 Ang Lee 1957 Martin Luther King III 1959 Nancy Grace 1959  Sam Raimi  1959 Wierd Al 1960 Randy Pausch 1962 Doug Flutie 1965 Augusten Burroughs 1976 Ryan Reynolds 1984 Meghan McCain Jump back ', 'The Amazing Spider-Man" is the fourth recent Spider-Man movie, after three major film successes directed by  Sam Raimi  and featured Tobey Maguire as the Spider-Man. Garfield was tapped to play the webslinger in a franchise reboot directed ', 'The marquee director of the "Spider-Man" films,  Sam Raimi  , is returning to his horror-film roots. Taking advantage of a lull between "Spider-Man 3" (2007) and "Spider-Man 4 ', 'changes, even when they do terrible things. "It\'s tough to define, but you know it when you\'ve found it," says  Sam Raimi , director of the "Spider-Man" franchise, who has cast Willem Dafoe, Alfred Molina and Thomas Haden Church in evil ', 'he\'s caught up." Crowe, meanwhile, was already gaining a reputation as a headstrong, if not hotheaded, actor.  Sam Raimi , who directed "Quick," remembers once helping crewmembers throw dirt and manure on Crowe for a scene. "I may be the ', 'the rain. "We wanted the audience to need them to be together for the picture to work," said Spider-Man director  Sam Raimi  in 2002. "When I saw Kirsten Dunst and Toby perform a scene together, they made that connection." Click here to learn ', 'And I thought it was perfect. When the symbiote turns Spidey and Peter inside out, more than one critic turned on  Sam Raimi  for making Peter a loutish, very un-hip hipster. He did. I thought it was hysterical, Peter Parker, boy geek ', "Tell us a little bit in terms of setting it up what the pot is that you and your brother came up about what drag me to hell. Is about. Well it's a very old ghost story. It's a story of a young lady claimed moment who is say bank loan officer. And she wants to get ahead in the world and want to", "Can. The moral choice to bring up somebody that you're movies influenced by Alfred Hitchcock. You yourself look it's right there. In the seat time that you traditionally Wear when your on the set. She's very much like mr. Hitchcock. Well I so admired Alfred Hitchcock's films I think he's it's", "Oh my from our nation's small. Can you do that do yes we move on to army of darkness you get there and nothing's the same. There's a different home team to us. Well it's true I I I'm a filmmaker that likes to keep revisiting the same subject matter service. Trying different variations trying to get"]