['SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - The San Jose Sharks have shaken up their fourth line after losing the first two games of the Western Conference finals against Vancouver.Coac...', 'VANCOUVER, B.C. -- Whenever a team is facing a 3-1 series deficit like the San Jose Sharks are against the Vancouver Canucks in the Western Conference Finals, player...', "SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - There's something about the playoffs that seems to bring out the best in Joe Pavelski's game. Especially against the Detroit Red Wings .While...", 'The Detroit Red Wings need their home ice to be an advantage against the San Jose Sharks or they will probably be making vacation plans soon.The Sharks have taken a ...', 'DETROIT (AP) - The Detroit Red Wings need their home ice to be an advantage against the San Jose Sharks or they will probably be making vacation plans soon.The Shark...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. - The San Jose Sharks have shaken up their fourth line after losing the first two games of the Western Conference finals against Vancouver.Coach Tod...', 'The San Jose Sharks on Monday agreed to one-year contracts with forward Andrew Desjardins and goaltender Alex Stalock. No financial terms were disclosed.Desjardins, ...', 'SAN JOSE,Calif. -- The Sharks are looking for a hero to emerge Thursday night in Game 7 of their Western Conference semifinals series against Detroit,but at this poi...', 'Some players already have begun their offseason training in preparation for the 2011-12 season, and the city of Boston still is celebrating its first hockey champion...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. -- With the Sharks in desperate need of a big goal, Joe Pavelski once again came through.Pavelski batted a power-play rebound out of midair and into...', "SAN JOSE, Calif. -- It seems that Game 7s usually don't remind us who the heroes are, but instead create new ones.Stephane Matteau, Maxime Talbot and Michael Rupp al...", 'WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Tampa Bay Lightning struck down the Washington Capitals 4-2 in a physical Eastern Conference semi-final series opener on Friday, while San...', 'Henrik Zetterberg and Valtteri Filppula scored less than two minutes apart in the third period, and the Detroit Red Wings rallied again for a 3-1 victory over the Sa...']