['nominations in four categories each.  Stephen Daldry \'s Perfect Record So what if picture nominations? Director  Stephen Daldry  has a track record of helming decade. Name the other two.  Stephen Daldry  also directed "The Reader ', 'Hannah a "monster." Winslet manages to turn this anomaly of a woman into an sympathetic character, and director  Stephen Daldry  gets great performances out of Ralph Fiennes and a young German actor named David Kross. He barely speaks English ', 'plus million, the largest in West End history. Sir Elton John composed the score for "Billy Elliot," based on  Stephen Daldry \'s 2000 motion picture of the same name about an 11-year-old coal miner\'s son who forsakes boxing class for ballet ', "awards in person, so Roman's a no-show/no-go as far as I can see. The other fellows up for best director,  Stephen Daldry  for The Hours and Pedro Almodovar for Talk to Her have to be happy just getting nominated. Moore Can t Be Doubly ", 'nominated for Best Supporting Actor. His first Oscar nomination was back in 1959 for Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. DIRECTOR:  Stephen Daldry  (The Hours) Peter Jackson (The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers) Rob Marshall (Chicago) Roman Polanski (The ', "nods for one movie and some for the other, they could cross each other out, wherein that leaves Ang Lee for Tiger,  Stephen Daldry  for Billy Elliot and Ridley Scott for Gladiator. The dog was merely thrown the bone in Daldry's case, as the academy ", 'the lens," the cheeky schoolboy told reporters. He will be hoping to emulate the success of Billy Elliot director  Stephen Daldry , whose feature also won Best British Film. "It\'s certainly not what we expected when we made the film. It\'s ', 'the lens," the cheeky schoolboy told reporters. He will be hoping to emulate the success of Billy Elliot director  Stephen Daldry , whose feature also won Best British Film. "It\'s certainly not what we expected when we made the film. It\'s ', 'the lens," the cheeky schoolboy told reporters. He will be hoping to emulate the success of Billy Elliot director  Stephen Daldry  whose feature also won Best British Film. "It\'s certainly not what we expected when we made the film It\'s been ', "nods for one movie and some for the other, they could cross each other out, wherein that leaves Ang Lee for Tiger,  Stephen Daldry  for Billy Elliot and Ridley Scott for Gladiator. The dog was merely thrown the bone in Daldry's case, as the academy ", "Stephen. Pointed out certain things that we could use. And we have to find a similar. An accident that matched.  Stephen Daldry  said in an interview recently that the the characters plays is on morally. Illiterate. Let's. In this race with ", "use. And we have to find a similar. An accident that matched. Stephen Daldry said in an interview recently that the -- the characters -- plays is on morally. Illiterate. Let's. In this race with. On "]