["Ocearch's groundbreaking project tracks sharks' navigational patterns for the first time.", "Same. Combination. Of steely resolve. And necessary compromises that Lincoln to preserve the union and in slavery. We're all here tonight. Because he didn't. Let's take a look at  Stephen Spielberg 's extraordinary. Lincoln.", "We're all here tonight. Because he didn't. Let's take a look at Stephen Spielberg's extraordinary. Lincoln. ", "In recent history I think the biggest shocker of all time. Was about a decade ago when everybody thought that  Stephen Spielberg 's Saving Private Ryan was gonna win best picture. And instead it went to in love today more shocks and surprises ", "of all time. Was about a decade ago when everybody thought that Stephen Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan was gonna win best picture. And instead it went to -- in love today more shocks and surprises and ", "love don't let anybody tell you anything more about it because there's a lot of surprised. Number three Lincoln  Stephen Spielberg 's epic which people are screening should win every kind of Academy Award. Starting with Daniel Day-Lewis who ", "more about it because there's a lot of surprised. Number three Lincoln Stephen Spielberg's epic which people are screening should win every kind of Academy Award. Starting with Daniel Day-Lewis who plays Lincoln and according to ", "give it opens in limited release today across the country next week and are Diane Sawyer can't sit down with.  Stephen Spielberg  the director and star Daniel staple. I'm trying to imagine to abuse children. Half. We I. Lincoln first thing ", "country next week and are Diane Sawyer -- can't sit down with. Stephen Spielberg the director and star Daniel -- -- staple. I'm trying to imagine -- to abuse children. Half. We -- I. -- -- ", "honored to call him my Yells at his fifty nothing being done by USC picture That's great congratulation. And finally  Stephen Spielberg  said that he and George Lucas are working on the fifth installment. To the Indiana Jones series which is set to ", "being done by USC picture -- That's great -- congratulation. And finally Stephen Spielberg said that he and George Lucas are working on the fifth installment. To the Indiana Jones series which is set to start ", "You know it's been three years since  Stephen Spielberg  directed a movie that was the fourth Indiana Jones worth the wait will now he is back. In the director's chair with a movie ", "You know it's been three years since Stephen Spielberg directed a movie that was the fourth Indiana Jones worth the wait will now he is back. In the director's chair with ", "just looking at best drama here right now you've got all the heavyweights George Clooney descendants you've got  Stephen Spielberg  he did warlords Brad did money ball Martin Scorsese did Hugo and then George Clooney directed movie by. marks a ", "now you've got all the heavyweights -- George Clooney descendants you've got Stephen Spielberg he did warlords Brad -- did money ball Martin Scorsese did Hugo and then -- George Clooney directed movie by. -- -- ", "colleague ABC's Katie Couric Katie good to see you thanks Terry that he can't and you had a chance to interview  Stephen Spielberg  the legendary I happen he's a great guy but he hasn't directed a movie Terry since the fourth Indiana Jones back ", "thanks Terry that he can't and you had a chance to interview Stephen Spielberg the legendary -- I happen he's a great guy but he hasn't directed a movie Terry since the fourth Indiana Jones back ", "Time to check out what's new this week on dvd and Blu-ray from director  Stephen Spielberg  comes the 3-D animated thrill ride the adventures of Tintin. Based on the beloved comic books the is an old fashioned treasure ", "check out what's new this week on dvd and Blu-ray from director Stephen Spielberg comes the 3-D animated thrill ride the adventures of Tintin. Based on the beloved comic books the -- is an old fashioned ", "out this week which has already cost an enormous stir among those who have been to a screening it's been made by  Stephen Spielberg . It is called Schindler's List and it deals in the most powerful personal with the Holocaust. The Nazis determination ", "among those who have been to a screening it's been made by Stephen Spielberg . It is called Schindler's List and it deals in the most powerful personal -- with the Holocaust. The Nazis determination to exterminate ", 'about 151000 there. Legend says Cleopatra used an Egyptian cobra to commit suicide. And the snake is so dangerous  Stephen Spielberg  had to put glass between it and Harrison Ford while filming this famous scene in raiders of the lost dark. They ', 'an Egyptian cobra to commit suicide. And the snake is so dangerous Stephen Spielberg had to put glass between it and Harrison Ford while filming this famous scene in raiders of the lost dark. -- They ', "psychiatric help. For your. And finally from us it's been thirteen five years since moviegoers first witness  Stephen Spielberg 's heart stopping thriller. In 1975. Jaws became the first summer movie blockbuster earning a record breaking ", "finally from us it's been thirteen five years since moviegoers first witness Stephen Spielberg's heart stopping thriller. In 1975. Jaws became the first summer movie blockbuster earning a record breaking. 470. Million dollars worldwide and scaring ", "names and more actual god forbid. Friends of and Chelsea's but. There's still going to be here it's rumored  Stephen Spielberg  was invited as was Tom Hanks and Barbara Streisand. She as a former president's inauguration And rumors are swirling ", "Chelsea's but. There's still going to be -- -- here it's rumored Stephen Spielberg was invited as was Tom Hanks and Barbara Streisand. She -- as a former president's inauguration -- And rumors are swirling she'll ", "to track. Well that's a very good point and and that most of the most of the big money is given for instance.  Stephen Spielberg . I gave up over 400000 dollars and he's very strategic in terms of how is giving his money is giving a lot of ", "most of the most of the big money is given for instance. Stephen Spielberg . I gave up over 400000 dollars and he's very strategic in terms of how is giving his money is giving a lot ", "robbed of hundreds of millions. The former chairman of GM's financing division lost over a billion dollars. While  Stephen Spielberg 's charity wonder can foundation which had invested nearly 70% of its money all gone. Many charitable organizations ", "former chairman of GM's financing division lost over a billion dollars. While Stephen Spielberg's charity wonder can foundation which had invested nearly 70% of its money all gone. Many charitable organizations in fact have to shut ", "one of that one of them is an assumption that people may think you know. Hey if it's good for this guy you know  Stephen Spielberg  isn't messing with this guy did it must be good enough for me. I mean isn't that what so many people think you ", "think you know. Hey if it's good for this guy you know Stephen Spielberg isn't messing with this guy did it must be good enough for me. I mean isn't that what so many people think ", "usually enough for me in moments but first from around them the director's second. Well speaking of that we here  Stephen Spielberg  that you will be possibly working with him Stephen. Own the let's in my thinking otherwise But don't just need ", "from around them the director's second. Well speaking of that we here Stephen Spielberg that you will be possibly working with him Stephen. Own the -- let's in my thinking otherwise -- But don't just need ", "I mean I before have once Pratt and so we tried to cram all that stuff in. Just four months just because some of  Stephen Spielberg  and George Lucas you thought you needed preparation. And you know one you're standing next said to Hairston and ", "cram all that stuff in. Just four months just because some of Stephen Spielberg and George Lucas you thought you needed preparation. And you know one you're standing next said to Hairston and be a hundred ", 'Lucas told me a little tidbit about the status of Indiana Jones five. While we shooting that interview He said that  Stephen Spielberg  and Harrison Ford are both looking to do it. The George Lucas now has defined what He calls the often. Which is ', 'Indiana Jones five. While we -- shooting that interview He said that Stephen Spielberg and Harrison Ford are both looking to do it. The George Lucas now has defined what He calls the -- often. Which ']