['musicians and artists. An animated adaptation was created in 1973, and it was the subject of a hit film by director  Spike Jonze  in 2009. President Obama and his family read from "Where the Wild Things Are" at this year\'s White House Easter ', 'from just about any song that had ever hit the commercial radio airwaves, anchored by an amazing video directed by  Spike Jonze . "Hello Nasty" in 1998 was even more of a genre-defying collection. On that record, the trio experimented with ', 'than just about any song that had ever hit the commercial radio airwaves, anchored by an amazing video directed by  Spike Jonze . "Hello Nasty" in 1998 was even more of a genre defying collection. On that record, the trio experimented with ', 'campaign, the spontaneity-challenged Gore told admaker Carter Eskew that he constantly felt like a character in the  Spike Jonze  movie, Being John Malkovich with "all those voices in my head telling me what to do." That is why--despite the long ', 'business and personal shopping. Famous Birthdays 1938 Christopher Lloyd 1946 Deepak Chopra 1952 Jeff Goldblum 1969  Spike Jonze  1975 Jesse Tyler Ferguson 1982 Robinson Cano 1985 Zac Hanson 1990 Jonathan Lipnicki Jump back to Oct. 21: Day in History ', 'stir. In the 11-minute long film, made by longtime West collaborator and " Where the Wild Things Are " director  Spike Jonze , the rapper plays a drunk version of himself stumbling around a club. West seems darkly desperate in the video, shouting ', 'off. Last week, West posted the somber, surreal short film " We Were Once a Fairytale " on his blog. Just as the  Spike Jonze -directed video was starting to spark controversy, West pulled it down, only offering fans the explanation, " Sorry ', 'made a movie of called \'Where The Wild Thing Are\'," The President said, "We saw it yesterday." This weekend  Spike Jonze \'s movie adaptation of Maurice Sendak\'s children\'s book raked in a whopping $32.5 million dollars its first ', "cab horn. Through the honking and squeaking of rush hour, the stars somehow managed to unanimously praise director  Spike Jonze , loud and clear. Karen O, lead singer for the indie band the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Jonze's ex-girlfriend, wrote ", 'that she now plays with extraordinary style and care is that of a young single parent. She is no longer with director  Spike Jonze : "The timing was impossible. I thought falling in love again was the only thing that was going to save me from the pain ']