["an hour and a half. May location this morning got so hot had a just get the gloves it's hot out here right now but  Spike Lee  is here is beautiful wife Tonya. Lee Lewis to give promises come that I did I tell spike stands sunshine today and cloudy ", "just get -- the gloves it's hot out here right now but Spike Lee is here is beautiful -- wife Tonya. Lee Lewis to give promises -- -- come -- that I did I tell spike ", "Any sentence now. Yeah Fulton. Countless. Things. Me. every way we think we can't Yet. Blue cool beat if you wed all be done. And Beth did not and that god just bitten. Quote let. But he does. And me. I wouldn't give care. and polar rig and hadn't been it couldn't broke into what I gay men and core", "Hi I'm Peter Travers in this of popcorn popcorn here where we tell you what's happening at the movies and  Spike Lee  has a movie called Red Hook summer yes. He's back he's back in Brooklyn. And he's playing in the movie as well as writing ", "popcorn here where we tell you what's happening at the movies and Spike Lee has a movie called Red Hook summer yes. He's back he's back in Brooklyn. And he's playing in the movie as well ", 'CC1 Test message  Spike lee  has never been one to shy away from tough topics. Hi new film is no different. Religion and life in a brooklyn housing project ', 'CC1 Test message Spike lee has never been one to shy away from tough topics. Hi new film is no different. Religion and life in a brooklyn ', "you come and bring. This movie written excitement assignments without distribute. And it's shown to everybody last night great premier. I thought when you recognize Chris Rock in yet again but that's Chris Rock. As we. In his restaurant that's. shouting something about what would you have done if", "'GMA' Play of the Day: Spike Lee  Catches Yankee Mark Teixeira's Bat at MLB Game", "Josh Elliott reveals a video of the famous NYC director, sports fan's quick hands.", "compilation of remastered hits and on released material and  Spike Lee  also has a new documentary that highlights some of Jackson's listening to because of commitments and brought tells about an  Spike Lee  documentary that point five. This is too large not to ", "-- it's -- compilation of remastered hits and on released material and Spike Lee also has a new documentary that highlights some of Jackson's better days. And joining us now via Skype to talk more about ", "be listening to -- because of commitments and brought tells about an Spike Lee documentary that point five. This is -- too large not to -- it's quite has been working on for many many months ", "you could call this the battle of the bickering director  Spike Lee . Talking about jango unchained we want to show you tweet there's a bit of history there between Quentin Tarantino and  Spike Lee  combination. Somehow Spike found time to get into this ", 'next to you could call this the battle of the bickering director Spike Lee . Talking about jango unchained -- we want to show you tweet did you send out where she said. American slavery was not ', "and there's a bit of history there between -- Quentin Tarantino and Spike Lee combination. Somehow Spike -- found time to get into this controversy while sitting courtside watching the New York Knicks which has. -- ", "levees broke is also on the list that's the name of  spike Lee 's new documentary about Hurricane Katrina. That begins Orleans in the days weeks and even months after the storm.  Spike Lee  talked to us this morning about one of those stories ", "levees broke is also on the -- list that's the name of spike Lee's new documentary about Hurricane Katrina. That begins tonight on HBO it's a four hour film full of stories of suffering across New Orleans in the days weeks and even months after the storm. Spike Lee talked to us this morning about one of those stories. HBO -- -- right place I'm not want to show this very ", "Spike Lee 's new film the miracle at saint based on true events tells the story of No director in Hollywood has attacked the thorny issue of race quite like  Spike Lee . That that's why. Do the right thing and Malcolm X still loom over his ", "Spike Lee's new film the miracle at saint -- based on true events tells the story of a group of black soldiers caught behind enemy lines during World War II. And while the drama marks a departure from previous Lee movies like do the right thing the director himself remains just as provocative as ever as ABC's -- -- found out. I have to go people. No director in Hollywood has attacked the thorny issue of race quite like Spike Lee . That that's why. Do the right thing and Malcolm X still loom over his fifteen other feature films. As groundbreaking emblems of ", 'What we told you you could work hand in hand with distinguished director  Spike Lee  to make a film well if being part of big oil production is something that you always wanted to do. This is your shot and spike ', 'we told you you could work hand in hand with distinguished director Spike Lee to make a film well if being part of -- big oil production is something that you always wanted to do. This ', "He laid welcome early this morning. Woke up at 430. Got a line at 530 Brooklyn New York yes my machine was broken so I had a Paper ballot. Didn't have the card to Newark, New Jersey flu is Chicago so I've been going on Chicago all day this came out of Obama headquarters where's. It's straight. Up", "Mike Tyson soon to appear Broadway. Tyson and  Spike Lee  can spike in announcing plans to bring Tyson's one man show to Broadway for six nights only this summer. They caught a raw confessional ", "Mike Tyson soon to appear -- -- Broadway. Tyson and Spike Lee -- can spike in announcing plans to bring Tyson's one man show to Broadway for six nights only this summer. They caught ", 'outpouring of sorrow. Michael Moore the director tweeted Roger Ebert millions of thumbs up for you IP. And from director  Spike Lee . I missed my dear friend Roger Ebert was one of the first major movie critics to support my joints as calls his films ', 'Ebert millions of thumbs up for you -- IP. And from director Spike Lee . I missed my dear friend Roger Ebert was one of the first major movie critics to support my joints as -- calls ', 'beautiful than a movie." Roger loved movies. They were his life, said steven spielberg. "I miss my dear friend" tweeted  spike lee . "Full metal jacket" is too little too late. Reporter: Wielded his trademark thumb up and down in judgment while ', 'were his life, said steven spielberg. "I miss my dear friend" tweeted spike lee . "Full metal jacket" is too little too late. Reporter: Wielded his trademark thumb up and down in judgment while reviewing new releases ', "d.L. Hughley, what do you say? I can't understand what I'm supposed to be mad about. I don't get it. Is  spike lee  behind this again? You know, gentleman mjamaicans can make a bobsled. The car kane can do the commercial. That would ", "what I'm supposed to be mad about. I don't get it. Is spike lee behind this again? You know, gentleman mjamaicans can make a bobsled. The car kane can do the commercial. ", 'very small screen. The New York Times is reporting that  Spike Lee  is teaming up with Nokia to direct a short film made up tax created on their phones to Nokia productions dot com  Spike Lee  will review the material and edit them into a film. Which ', 'to the very small screen. The New York Times is reporting that Spike Lee is teaming up with Nokia to direct a short film made up -- video shot by people on their mobile phones. Aspiring moviemakers can upload videos music photos and tax created on their phones to Nokia productions dot com Spike Lee will review the material and edit them into a film. Which will premiere next fall in LA. Doctors in LA have developed ', "album. This is the very first look, right here right now, some of the scenes and footage that award-winning producer  spike lee  used to make the sound and also the tour that went along with it. It was pivotal in his career. The best music of jackson's ", 'here right now, some of the scenes and footage that award-winning producer spike lee used to make the sound and also the tour that went along with it. It was pivotal in his career. The best ']