['past, cleaning up any credit issues, and establishing a positive joint profile and track record for the future.  Stanley Kubrick  once directed a film entitled "Eyes Wide Shut," but in this case, eyes wide open is the operative way to behave ', 'been believed that Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman \'s marriage was on the rocks when they played a troubled couple in  Stanley Kubrick \'s 1999 sexual psycho-drama "Eyes Wide Shut," but in an essay for The Hollywood Reporter , Kidman sets the record ', 'Robert Frost and Richard Wilbur ... and filmmaker  Stanley Kubrick  (\'The Shining\') ... had already been there Numerous academic books and articles have described how  Stanley Kubrick \'s 1980 classic horror film, "The Shining," depicts ', 'And artists down through the centuries have declared play to be essential to the best art. The great filmmaker  Stanley Kubrick  ("2001: A Space Odyssey," "Doctor Strangelove," "A Clockwork Orange") is quoted by one of his co-screenwriters ', 'were supposed to be old stuff. As long ago as 1968,  Stanley Kubrick  showed the astronauts of "2001: A Space Odyssey copying the iPad, because both were really copying  Stanley Kubrick  (see the first page of this story). "They\'ve ', 'complained, refusing to take directions from a woman. Then there\'s the HAL factor, as in the HAL 9000 computer from  Stanley Kubrick \'s "2001: A Space Odyssey." HAL tried to kill off his human crewmates -- and he did it in the dispassionate ', 'and universally expressed that it\'s been praised ever since his death as being "for all time." Great filmmakers  Stanley Kubrick  and John Ford, authors Ernest Hemingway, William Faulkner, Mark Twain, Herman Melville and Edgar Allen Poe, artists ', 'Apple\'s iPad , Samsung has channeled the spirit of  Stanley Kubrick  , the director of "2001: A Space Odyssey." Apple true and correct copy of a still image taken from  Stanley Kubrick \'s 1968 film "2001: A Space Odyssey." In a clip ', 'For Curtis, "Some Like It Hot" brought more screen opportunities. "He got some great roles afterward -- in  Stanley Kubrick \'s "Spartacus," which would be enough to put him in the pantheon of great stars even if he\'d never made another ', 'at the beginning of this piece: Dave Bowman was the astronaut-hero of the film "2001: A Space Odyssey." When  Stanley Kubrick  released the film in 1968, the idea of sending astronauts to Mars by the mid-1980s was openly discussed in Washington ', "Soviet Program, 'Perimeter,' Ensured Nuclear Response in Event of U.S. Nuclear Strike", "A passing of one of the century's most provocative filmmakers.  Stanley Kubrick  movies were usually profound often masterpieces. And challenging if not a little puzzling at first. He died today a teenager ", "A passing of one of the century's most provocative filmmakers. Stanley Kubrick movies were usually profound often masterpieces. And challenging if not a little puzzling at first. He died today a teenager -- at ", "better term and central players in  Stanley kubrick 's. Small artistic community he say it or Kubrick Kubrick  Stanley Kubrick  pronounces so how did you meet is perhaps not only the best  Stanley Kubrick  movie but. The best movie ever ", "hand man for lack of a better term and central players in Stanley kubrick's . Small artistic community and workshop -- -- -- English countryside home near London. For the last quarter century of Kubrick -- working ", 'how did he say it -- -- or -- Kubrick Kubrick -- Stanley Kubrick pronounces -- so how did you -- meet. Well I met him actually for the first time when I arrived on the ', "movie directors and -- Barry -- is perhaps not only the best Stanley Kubrick movie but. The best movie ever made. You've heard this -- that this and it's being. An opinion which has been growing ", 'travelers dressed like Don Draper in the were more refined. Delicious food for the If only modern airline food whereas  Stanley Kubrick  imagined it. 2001 a space The only thing Kubrick got right seems to be that in 2012. The food in those foil containers ', 'Delicious food -- for the -- If only modern airline food whereas Stanley Kubrick imagined it. 2001 a space -- The only thing Kubrick got right seems to be that in 2012. The food in those ', "tablet. Awfully similar to Apple's iPad their defense at the iPad isn't all that original. They signed in 1968  Stanley Kubrick  film 2001 a space Odyssey as proof take a Skeptical what's it like living for the better part of a year in such ", "defense at the iPad isn't all that original. They signed in 1968 Stanley Kubrick film 2001 a space Odyssey as proof take a -- Skeptical what's it like living for the better part of a year ", "a lot of pressure all made. I just that the two of them then I knew sex type. I think golf team god that as the  Stanley kubrick 's six sites literally brilliant but certainly at that time. I think that was get ten yet Jay expand satellite ", "sex type. I think golf team god that -- -- as the Stanley kubrick's six sites literally brilliant but certainly -- -- at that time. I think that was -- -- get ten yet Jay expand ", "maybe I after the fact something might have been. Come from the YouTube clip of that guy that was auditioning for the  Stanley Kubrick  movie and did thing from outsiders. What did you receive that I didn't eighteen to remember his name whoa yeah ", "from the YouTube clip of that guy that was auditioning for the Stanley Kubrick movie and did -- thing from outsiders. What did you receive that I didn't -- eighteen to remember his name whoa yeah ", "space and we're seeing earth for the first time. Like what was seen by the human astronauts zooming out into the  Stanley Kubrick  film. 2001 a space Odyssey. One of the things she did in the Arctic just unusual colors none of this were. I'd ", 'was seen by the human astronauts zooming out into the -- -- Stanley Kubrick film. 2001 a space Odyssey. One of the things she did in the Arctic -- just unusual colors none of this -- ']