['Joe Thornton broke a tie on a deflection at 7:13 of the third period and the San Jose Sharks beat the Chicago Blackhawks 5-3 on Thursday night to snap a two-game los...', 'Dany Heatley broke out of a scoring slump with a pair of goals that helped the San Jose Sharks snap a six-game losing streak with a 4-2 victory over the St. Louis Bl...', 'Devin Setoguchi scored a pair of goals in the second period to help the San Jose Sharks match a season high with their fourth straight win, 4-3 over the Minnesota Wi...', "Vancouver Canucks defenseman Kevin Bieksa was already taking some good-natured heat from his teammates after his Gordie Howe hat trick.That's nothing compared to wha...", "SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Ian White's first career playoff goal was a big one. It wasn't the winner, but it put the San Jose Sharks ahead for good during a 2-1 victory in ...", 'SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - The San Jose Sharks have agreed to one-year contracts with forward Andrew Desjardins and goalie Alex Stalock.The team also made qualifying of...', "If you're a hockey fan, you've discovered this spring that sleep is overrated.After all, you're staying up late every night for the latest installment of the new hit...", 'The San Jose Sharks have agreed to one-year contracts with forward Andrew Desjardins and goalie Alex Stalock.The team also made qualifying offers Monday to forwards ...', 'The San Jose Sharks have shaken up their fourth line after losing the first two games of the Western Conference finals against Vancouver.Coach Todd McLellan suited u...', "SAN JOSE, Calif. -- The Sharks had their sights set on Logan Couture in the 2007 Entry Draft, but they knew he'd be long gone before their turn arrived at No. 28 in ...", 'Joe Pavelski scored his 20th goal of the season and Antti Niemi made 35 saves as the San Jose Sharks wrapped up the No. 2 seed in the Western Conference playoffs wit...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. -- With the Sharks in desperate need of a big goal, Joe Pavelski once again came through.Pavelski batted a power-play rebound out of midair and into...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. - The San Jose Sharks have agreed to one-year contracts with forward Andrew Desjardins and goalie Alex Stalock.The team also made qualifying offers ...', 'DETROIT -- During a postseason when overtime has been commonplace, the San Jose Sharks have been the masters.There have been 20 overtime games during the 2011 Stanle...', "SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - There's something about the playoffs that seems to bring out the best in Joe Pavelski's game. Especially against the Detroit Red Wings .While...", 'The San Jose Sharks on Monday agreed to one-year contracts with forward Andrew Desjardins and goaltender Alex Stalock. No financial terms were disclosed.Desjardins, ...', 'The Detroit Red Wings need their home ice to be an advantage against the San Jose Sharks or they will probably be making vacation plans soon.The Sharks have taken a ...', 'DETROIT (AP) - The Detroit Red Wings need their home ice to be an advantage against the San Jose Sharks or they will probably be making vacation plans soon.The Shark...', 'SAN JOSE,Calif. -- The Sharks are looking for a hero to emerge Thursday night in Game 7 of their Western Conference semifinals series against Detroit,but at this poi...']