["Latino artists which have been overlooked for the award. Some past winners include Led Zepplin, Oprah Winfrey,  Stephen Spielberg , B.B. King, David Letterman and Lucille Ball. (Maybe a bad time to mention Desi Arnaz didn't make the list ", 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', 'to Slate. Vaughn is a long-time supporter of Paul, having endorsed his 2009 book "End the Fed," as well.  Stephen Spielberg  Having a three-time Academy Award winning director on your side is not only good for morale; it\'s also great ', "about sharks. That just off the coast here there's Denton and and yes you're. and they live here. With John  Stephen Spielberg 's single handedly inciting terror about what could be lurking close to sure. Now almost forty years later trying ", "Denton and and yes you're. -- and they live here. With John Stephen Spielberg's single handedly inciting terror about what could be lurking close to sure. Now almost forty years later -- trying to dispel some ", "Same. Combination. Of steely resolve. And necessary compromises that Lincoln to preserve the union and in slavery. We're all here tonight. Because he didn't. Let's take a look at  Stephen Spielberg 's extraordinary. Lincoln.", "We're all here tonight. Because he didn't. Let's take a look at Stephen Spielberg's extraordinary. Lincoln. ", "In recent history I think the biggest shocker of all time. Was about a decade ago when everybody thought that  Stephen Spielberg 's Saving Private Ryan was gonna win best picture. And instead it went to in love today more shocks and surprises ", "of all time. Was about a decade ago when everybody thought that Stephen Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan was gonna win best picture. And instead it went to -- in love today more shocks and surprises and ", "love don't let anybody tell you anything more about it because there's a lot of surprised. Number three Lincoln  Stephen Spielberg 's epic which people are screening should win every kind of Academy Award. Starting with Daniel Day-Lewis who ", "more about it because there's a lot of surprised. Number three Lincoln Stephen Spielberg's epic which people are screening should win every kind of Academy Award. Starting with Daniel Day-Lewis who plays Lincoln and according to ", "give it opens in limited release today across the country next week and are Diane Sawyer can't sit down with.  Stephen Spielberg  the director and star Daniel staple. I'm trying to imagine to abuse children. Half. We I. Lincoln first thing ", "country next week and are Diane Sawyer -- can't sit down with. Stephen Spielberg the director and star Daniel -- -- staple. I'm trying to imagine -- to abuse children. Half. We -- I. -- -- ", "honored to call him my Yells at his fifty nothing being done by USC picture That's great congratulation. And finally  Stephen Spielberg  said that he and George Lucas are working on the fifth installment. To the Indiana Jones series which is set to ", "being done by USC picture -- That's great -- congratulation. And finally Stephen Spielberg said that he and George Lucas are working on the fifth installment. To the Indiana Jones series which is set to start ", "You know it's been three years since  Stephen Spielberg  directed a movie that was the fourth Indiana Jones worth the wait will now he is back. In the director's chair with a movie ", "You know it's been three years since Stephen Spielberg directed a movie that was the fourth Indiana Jones worth the wait will now he is back. In the director's chair with "]