['His unorthodox masses aimed at bringing back old followers and attracting new ones', 'In 2010 census, 65 percent of Brazilians were Catholic. In 1970 it was 92 percent', "Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN) -- It looks like an airport hangar and it sounds like a rock concert. Thousands have packed into a megachurch on the periphery of Sao Paulo for one of Father Marcelo Rossi's Thursday night masses.", 'The Roman Catholic priest belts out some of his hit songs before walking up to the altar. The parishioners join in, waving their arms in the air.', 'Now he is at the forefront of a Brazilian movement known as the Charismatic Catholic Renovation trying to invigorate the Church and lure new and old followers back to the fold.', "They use music and sermons aimed at trying to secure success on Earth as well as in the after-life, methods more often associated with Latin America's flourishing Pentecostal Evangelical churches.", "The differences between mass at Father Marcelo's Mother of God Sanctuary and a traditional Catholic church are striking.", 'The warehouse-like structure was built in a working class neighborhood on the outskirts of the city and many of the thousands of parishioners are young.', "Even Sao Paulo's Se Cathedral struggles to attract more than 100 parishioners to its Sunday masses.", 'But lately the Catholic Church is scrambling to hang on to them while the numbers of Protestant Evangelicals climb.', "In the 2010 census, just 65 percent of Brazil's 191 million people said they were Catholic, down from 92 percent in 1970. Young, working class Brazilians have been some of the most fervent converts.", "Ahead of Pope Francis' visit, the Vatican took note of Father Marcelo's slightly unorthodox, but successful, masses.", 'He and other singing priests from the Charismatic Renovation will provide the entertainment for the millions of young people converging on Rio de Janeiro for World Youth Day.', "The faithful at Father Marcelo's Thursday mass said he is the man to get people fired up.", '"How does he do it?" says Maria, a lifelong Catholic. "The secret is in looking for energy, happiness, strength."', 'Towards the end of the service, lights are dimmed, candles are lit and the crowds open a pathway for Father Marcelo to pass.', 'Many break down into tears when they see him. Others hold up their official employment cards to be blessed.', '"I came here to give thanks because my prayer was answered," she says. "I found a job. I came straight here when I got off work."', 'On the first pastoral visit of his papacy, Pope Francis shunned protocol and politics on a visit to the tiny island of Lampedusa off the coast of Sicily.', 'On Easter Sunday, Pope Francis kisses and hugs disabled boy lifted up in the crowd.', 'With the new pope himself a trained scientist, could the timing could be right for a new era of cooperation between the Vatican and science?', "A new pope may be a positive development in many ways. CNN's Jim Bittermann reports on the economic effect he brings.", "Jake Tapper talks to Father Edward Beck about Pope Francis' vow to act against sex abuse within the Catholic Church.", 'Pope Francis has decided not to move into the papal apartment used by Benedict XVI and others before him.', 'Pope Francis leads his first Easter celebrations with a Mass marking Easter Sunday -- the holiest day in the Christian calendar.', "A disabled boy in St. Peter's Square was lifted into the arms of the pope. His mother describes the beautiful moment.", 'Pope Francis had lunch with predecessor, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI -- the first such encounter in history of the Roman Catholic Church.', "He's the first Jesuit and the first Latin American in modern times to lead the world's 1.2 billion Catholics. But in some ways, he's just a normal guy. ", 'Pope Francis is being painted as a humble and simple man, but his past is tinged with controversy. ', "It was with a call for the protection of the weakest in society that Francis was officially inaugurated as the Catholic Church's 266th pontiff.", 'While all eyes were on Rome for the election of a new pope, for Catholics, the importance of the event went beyond an impressive spectacle.', 'Click through our gallery to see photos of the celebrations after a new pope was announced.', 'The election of a pope from Latin America shows the emerging influence of the region in the Catholic church and the world.', 'One of the first questions many people ask when they start a new job is: What type of car will I get? ', 'Jorge Bergoglio of Argentina is known as a humble man, a capable administrator and -- as expected of a new pope -- a man of great faith.', 'Catholic faithful from Latin America cheered the historic election of the first pope from the region Wednesday.', 'Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio of Argentina, the new pope, is breaking historic ground by choosing the name Francis.', 'St. Francis of Assisi, after whom Pope Francis has taken his name, captures the spirit of many Catholics.']