["Ellen Page.  Jason Reitman  touted quote wealth to those people that haven't seen sooner that we should start by having one of the least thing. Is this ", "Ellen Page. Jason Reitman touted quote wealth to those people that haven't seen sooner that we should start by having one of the least thing. Is ", "that whom should come which was purchased at Sundance this year and and moving towards the end of the year directed  Jason Reitman  young adult shows there and and I start work on this new pilot for CBS yeah. I'm sorry I can't see you can't ", "year and and moving towards the end of the year directed -- Jason Reitman -- young adult shows there and and I start work on this new pilot for CBS yeah. I'm sorry I can't see ", 'First what movie to see the new George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by  Jason Reitman  the director of And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters fame. Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer thinks this ', 'George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by Jason Reitman the director of -- And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters fame. Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer ', "Up in the air we're gonna bring you our review of  Jason Reitman  dramatic comedy starring George Clooney. And rap artists Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by  Jason Reitman  the director of And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters ", "Fridays. Up in the air we're gonna bring you our review of Jason Reitman -- dramatic comedy starring George Clooney. And rap artists America's best manipulators of ribbons and wrapping Paper will wow you. Way to ", 'George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by Jason Reitman the director of -- And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters -- Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer ', "forefront of people's minds we heard. It talked about on the red carpet throughout the talked quite a bit about it  Jason Reitman  during his speech for up in the air where He won best screenplay. Talked about how George Clooney would probably rather ", 'the red carpet throughout the -- talked quite a bit about it Jason Reitman during his speech for up in the air where He won best screenplay. Talked about how George Clooney would probably rather be ', 'glorious afternoon. Lee Daniels for precious. And  Jason Reitman  for up in the year I was fifty thank you. For best for in the loop. Jeffrey Fletcher for precious. And  Jason Reitman  and Sheldon turner for in the For best foreign language ', "Hurt Locker. Quinton Tarantino bring glorious afternoon. Lee Daniels for precious. And Jason Reitman for up in the year I was fifty thank you. For best original screenplay the nominees are. Mark -- couldn't Hurt Locker. ", 'And Tony roach for in the loop. Jeffrey Fletcher for precious. And Jason Reitman and Sheldon turner for -- in the -- For best foreign language film we have. An Israel and Johnny. From Argentina. -- ', 'definitely guides. And working in. Yes they get very involved in himself there have been a nomination for beaten. And HI  Jason Reitman  did what He could guarantee them please because. Will you two you two are actually. Virgin Sundance versions now ', '-- there have been a nomination for -- beaten. And -- HI Jason Reitman did what He could guarantee them please -- -- because. Will you two you two are actually. Virgin Sundance versions now. Home ', 'promises. In the category of best achievement in directing. Julian Schnabel for the diving bell and the butterfly.  Jason Reitman  for Juno. Tony Gilroy for Michael Clayton. Joseph Cohen and Ethan Coen for no country for old men. And Paul Thomas ', 'achievement in directing. Julian Schnabel for the diving bell and the butterfly. Jason Reitman for Juno. Tony Gilroy for Michael Clayton. Joseph Cohen and -- Ethan Coen for no country for old men. And Paul Thomas ']