['promote his new film "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" and held court on a number of subjects in an interview, including  J . J .  Abrams \' new installments in George Lucas\' cinema-changing franchise. Unlike the tens of thousands of fans at the annual gathering ', 'after going blue in James Cameron\'s "Avatar." She recently reprised her other space-bound character, Uhura, in  JJ Abrams \' "Star Trek Into Darkness." The 35-year-old actress said in an interview at Comic-Con that she\'s finding more ', 'promote his new film "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" and held court on a number of subjects in an interview, including  J . J .  Abrams \' new installments in George Lucas\' cinema-changing franchise. Unlike the tens of thousands of fans at the annual gathering ', "'Man of Steel' Star Henry Cavill on Being Stunned When He Got the Part, Donning the Iconic Suit", 'once known more for the roles he had almost played -- Cedric Diggory in "Harry Potter," James Bond, even Superman in a  J . J .  Abrams -written version that was never shot. Cavill said he got to the point where he thought his big break might not come. "I ', 'he said. "I think I\'m in a really good place." Quinto\'s full interview on \'Popcorn with Peter Travers,\' in which he discusses playing Spock,  J . J .  Abrams \' directing Star Wars, and overcoming bullying as a child, is below:', 'Paramount Pictures/AP Photo  J . J .  Abrams  is a genius, and it\'s not because "Star Trek Into Darkness the visuals will impress. In the case of James T. Kirk and  J . J .  Abrams , cheaters do indeed win. At least, they do at the box office ', 'ratings. Since then, there have been five additional TV series and 12 motion pictures, including the second film in the  J . J .  Abrams  reboot, "Star Trek Into Darkness," which opens today. There have been books, toys, games, parodies, numerous cultural ', 'Disney announced that it would produce three new "Star Wars" films. The first, "Star Wars Episode VII," directed by  J . J .  Abrams , isn\'t scheduled to hit the big screen until 2015, but the buzz has already been building. With some of the original cast ', 'franchises will now sort of be linked since Star Trek reboot director  J . J .  Abrams  is signed on to direct a Star Wars reboot. Related: The Force Will Be With  J . J .  Abrams  If America can bring Star Wars and Star Trek together like that, why ', "Although Disney and Lucasfilm are mum, multiple sources are confirming Star Trek director - and lifelong Star Wars fan -  J . J .  Abrams  will in fact be directing Star Wars: Episode VII. The news came as a shock to fans of Lucas' saga, as Abrams recently went ", "of dollars itself. What will pick GM's fine. I wish I found congrats to her I'm finally hears it gently robbed.  JJ Abrams  needs a New York opera's upcoming start me wanna meet. Ramona flowers this Bears a striking yeah. The biggest owner ", "-- -- congrats to her I'm finally hears it gently robbed. -- JJ Abrams needs a New York opera's upcoming start -- me wanna meet. Ramona flowers this -- Bears a striking yeah. -- -- -- ", "to see because we wanna get lost fantasy. And the one that work for me so what this year start trekked into darkness.  JJ Abrams  everybody wondered whether he a did when he first Star Trek. Three years ago and he did it he's got exactly back spot ", 'work for me so what this year -- start trekked into darkness. JJ Abrams everybody wondered whether he -- a -- -- -- -- did when he first -- Star Trek. Three years ago and he ', "captain in 1970. Well the writer and director of that movie  JJ Abrams  he's done so much on TV like lost and then done movies love and train passes by your And change. We wanna you.  JJ Abrams  welcome to the shelf could be great to have you here especially ", "eight captain in 1970. Well the writer and director of that movie JJ Abrams he's done so much on TV like lost and then done movies like Star Trek. Is with us today and he's gonna ", 'and train passes by your -- And change. We wanna -- you. JJ Abrams welcome to the shelf could be great to have you here especially as super eight is opening all over the universe as ', "was known more for the he almost played. degree in Harry Potter James Bond. He'd even been cast as Superman and it  JJ Abrams  written version that was never shot how close did you ever come. To saying this this is in the home. I came very close ", "Harry Potter James Bond. He'd even been cast as Superman and it JJ Abrams written version that was never shot how close did you ever come. To saying this this is -- in the home. I ", "he was known more for the he almost played. Cedric figuring Harry Potter James Bond even been cast as Superman and it  JJ Abrams  written version that was never shot. How close did you ever come. saying this this isn't gonna happen. I came very ", "Harry Potter James Bond -- even been cast as Superman and it JJ Abrams written version that was never shot. How close did you ever come. -- -- saying this this isn't gonna happen. I came ", 'Action! Reporter: This weekend,  j . J .  Abrams  will boldly go where he\'s actually before he reimagined "star trek,"  j . J .  Abrams  behind "fell listty," "alias on "star trek" and "star wars."  J . J .  Abrams  does. I was like, of course. Of course ', "ago, so, what is Here's abc's david muir. Action! Reporter: This weekend, j.J . Abrams will boldly go where he's actually gone before. Which is why the stakes are even higher. The sequel to his wildly successful ", 'in everybody he works with. Reporter: Long before he reimagined "star trek," j.J . Abrams behind "fell listty," "alias" "and loand "lost." One of the best pieces of advice frwas from my dad. He said, it\'s more important that you learn what to make movies about than how to make movies. Reporter: Believe it or not, after "star trek," bringing back "star wars" is next. You have controlled your fear. Reporter: Who takes on "star trek" and "star wars." J.J . Abrams does. I was like, of course. Of course. Reporter: Driven by one simple notion. Follow what you feel. That thing that you feel, if you really feel it, other people do, too. And that\'s something that is, to be, you know, mined and to be celebrated. And we choose j.J . Abrams , who reminds us the questions in life are exciting, too. ', "Wolverines trying to push yourself yourself with these things part of what I think when your kid. And sort of the adult world is slowly encroaching that that notion what is what is out there I mean. Literally even seen the anatomy we issued a really graphic. Murder horrible slasher movies they're"]