['screen? The actress portrays green-skinned alien Gamora in Marvel\'s "Guardians of the Galaxy" after going blue in  James Cameron \'s "Avatar." She recently reprised her other space-bound character, Uhura, in JJ Abrams\' "Star Trek Into Darkness ', "after his record-setting deep-sea dive , filmmaker  James Cameron  is donating his single-person, deep-sea submersible together on the most recent Titanic expedition. RELATED:  James Cameron  Is Finally Getting Over 'Titanic' Gallo told ABC News ", 'at us, I thought it would be  James Cameron ," Fey, 42, told ET . "I did a lighthearted joke." The " James Cameron " jab refers to another joke the who spent three years married to  James Cameron " -- a joke that also received ', "announced similar plans - and said it had backing from Larry Page and Eric Schmidt of Google, Ross Perot Jr. and  James Cameron . Deep Space says it does have some investors for the campaign, but added that today's announcement was made in ", 'drama): Sandra Bullock, "The Blind Side" Best actor (drama): Jeff Bridges, "Crazy Heart" Best director:  James Cameron , "Avatar" 2009 Oscar winners Best picture: "Slumdog Millionaire" Best actress: Kate Winslet, "The Reader ', 'controversy over \'Zero Dark Thirty,\' but when it comes to torture, I trust the lady who spent three years married to  James Cameron ." To Anne Hathaway, Fey said about her performance in "Les Miserables": "Never have I seen someone so abandoned ', 'controversy over Zero Dark Thirty ," said Poehler, "but when it comes to torture, I trust the woman who was married to  James Cameron  for three years." Later on in the show (which, according to a quick survey of Twitter, suffered from a dire lack ', 'followers. Deepest tweet: On a dive to the bottom of the Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean, celebrated movie director  James Cameron  became the first person to send a tweet from 35,755 feet under the sea.', 'takes you inside," he said yesterday. "The Hobbit" isn\'t the first film to have caused sickness among viewers.  James Cameron \'s hit, "Avatar," also drew some complaints, as did birth scene in "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn." WATCH ', "a Hollywood It girl, Zoe Saldana doesn't have it easy. Despite the fact that she's worked with everyone from  James Cameron  to Luc Besson to J.J. Abrams, and her roles seem to be getting meatier, she isn't exactly embraced by all. Sure ", "From Frankenstein's Monster to Dracula: The Creatures That Shaped Guillermo Del Toro's Imagination", "was among the first to present a strong action heroine (Sigourney Weaver) in an otherwise male-dominated genre.  James Cameron 's 1986 sequel empowered female characters even more by depicting the aliens as a matriarchal society that was ruled ", 'Image credit: Discovery Channel " Titanic " director  James Cameron  has turned to the Discovery Channel\'s "MythBusters" finally to settle the debate: Did Jack Dawson, played by Leonardo DiCaprio ', "Felix baumgartner's jump from a space platform last year, the highest ever skydive. And there was titanic director  james cameron , taking the deepest dive ever, jules verne style. Seven miles down, deeper than everest is tall. Of course the ", 'platform last year, the highest ever skydive. And there was titanic director james cameron , taking the deepest dive ever, jules verne style. Seven miles down, deeper than everest is tall. Of course the base jumpers like ', "Titanic director  James Cameron 's real life adventure. seven miles to the ocean's deepest have never seen before. A spectacle brought to us by the director  James Cameron  you might have gotten a sense night watching Titanic. the admits ", "Titanic director James Cameron's real life adventure. -- seven miles to the ocean's deepest spot in a one man submarine he designed himself. It's too -- a solo dive ever and ABC's Dan Harris has all the details. You are looking at something humanize have never seen before. A spectacle brought to us by the director James Cameron you might have gotten a sense night watching Titanic. -- the admits that Cameron had a thing for the ocean but now ", "bingo tellem bingo the Titanic bug has buried under  James Cameron 's did. He made it three Arab movie about the disaster Well Good Morning America nick lost ABC news. Word  James Cameron  airs this and the National Geographic channel and it's ", "is bingo baby bingo tellem bingo the Titanic bug has buried under James Cameron's did. He made it three Arab movie about the disaster three. 300. -- that ranked 33. Times and the news. Say it ", "Can uncover. Well Good Morning America nick lost ABC news. -- Word James Cameron airs this -- and the National Geographic channel and it's the cover story. -- -- ", 'it would be hard to argue against the inclusion. Of  James Cameron  using monster budgets technology of his own invention breathtaking set for his own life. This the first time  James Cameron  has ever allowed TV cameras onto his ranch to out of ', 'of filmmaker it would be hard to argue against the inclusion. Of James Cameron using monster budgets technology of his own invention and sheer force of will. He made Titanic and avatar in two. Updates of ', "built a breathtaking set for his own life. This the first time James Cameron has ever allowed TV cameras onto his ranch -- to -- -- out of -- driveway can't put. Perched over a gorgeous ", "true story behind what really happened to the Titanic  James Cameron  tonight taking us to the bottom of the Here's ABC's imagination. And one man's. More than most. Sit and ask  James Cameron  has this 33 times and along the way make that. Bringing ", "to tell the true story behind what really happened to the Titanic James Cameron tonight taking us to the bottom of the -- Here's ABC's -- -- what. 100 years ago loosely -- his lane to miles beneath the North Atlantic waves Titanic still captures the human imagination. And one man's. More than most. Sit and ask James Cameron has -- this -- 33 times and along the way make that. Bringing the tragedy. When I was making the film I ", "expedition made it back but saw nothing. Today the filmmaker  James Cameron  has given us so many Oceanic worlds and movies set out He did it what in DC here's ABC's Dan Harris.  James Cameron  the director of Titanic. Now starring in a real life ", "there one expedition made it back but saw nothing. Today the filmmaker James Cameron has given us so many Oceanic worlds and movies set out in a body binding capsule alone. He did it what in DC here's ABC's Dan Harris. James Cameron the director of Titanic. -- -- Now starring in a real life action adventure. Overnight he Hopkins it is 24 foot seven ", "So what can you tell us about to another fan yeah yeah is it vendor's at a different place and yes it's on pandora well I'm really reading the the second and third films together. So it completes the story And we will see the so at Norwich we have seen at all and that's ecosystem. I'm dying to"]