["bingo tellem bingo the Titanic bug has buried under  James Cameron 's did. He made it three Arab movie about the disaster Well Good Morning America nick lost ABC news. Word  James Cameron  airs this and the National Geographic channel and it's ", "is bingo baby bingo tellem bingo the Titanic bug has buried under James Cameron's did. He made it three Arab movie about the disaster three. 300. -- that ranked 33. Times and the news. Say it ", "Can uncover. Well Good Morning America nick lost ABC news. -- Word James Cameron airs this -- and the National Geographic channel and it's the cover story. -- -- ", "Titanic director  James Cameron 's real life adventure. seven miles to the ocean's deepest have never seen before. A spectacle brought to us by the director  James Cameron  you might have gotten a sense night watching Titanic. the admits ", "Titanic director James Cameron's real life adventure. -- seven miles to the ocean's deepest spot in a one man submarine he designed himself. It's too -- a solo dive ever and ABC's Dan Harris has all the details. You are looking at something humanize have never seen before. A spectacle brought to us by the director James Cameron you might have gotten a sense night watching Titanic. -- the admits that Cameron had a thing for the ocean but now ", 'it would be hard to argue against the inclusion. Of  James Cameron  using monster budgets technology of his own invention breathtaking set for his own life. This the first time  James Cameron  has ever allowed TV cameras onto his ranch to out of ', 'of filmmaker it would be hard to argue against the inclusion. Of James Cameron using monster budgets technology of his own invention and sheer force of will. He made Titanic and avatar in two. Updates of ', "built a breathtaking set for his own life. This the first time James Cameron has ever allowed TV cameras onto his ranch -- to -- -- out of -- driveway can't put. Perched over a gorgeous ", "true story behind what really happened to the Titanic  James Cameron  tonight taking us to the bottom of the Here's ABC's imagination. And one man's. More than most. Sit and ask  James Cameron  has this 33 times and along the way make that. Bringing ", "to tell the true story behind what really happened to the Titanic James Cameron tonight taking us to the bottom of the -- Here's ABC's -- -- what. 100 years ago loosely -- his lane to miles beneath the North Atlantic waves Titanic still captures the human imagination. And one man's. More than most. Sit and ask James Cameron has -- this -- 33 times and along the way make that. Bringing the tragedy. When I was making the film I ", "expedition made it back but saw nothing. Today the filmmaker  James Cameron  has given us so many Oceanic worlds and movies set out He did it what in DC here's ABC's Dan Harris.  James Cameron  the director of Titanic. Now starring in a real life ", "there one expedition made it back but saw nothing. Today the filmmaker James Cameron has given us so many Oceanic worlds and movies set out in a body binding capsule alone. He did it what in DC here's ABC's Dan Harris. James Cameron the director of Titanic. -- -- Now starring in a real life action adventure. Overnight he Hopkins it is 24 foot seven ", "So what can you tell us about to another fan yeah yeah is it vendor's at a different place and yes it's on pandora well I'm really reading the the second and third films together. So it completes the story And we will see the so at Norwich we have seen at all and that's ecosystem. I'm dying to", "week's premiere next month marks the 100 anniversary. Other Titanic sinking and it's been fifteen years since  James Cameron 's blockbuster movie hit theaters now the epic film back in the theaters in 3-D. talk Kate Winslet live in just ", "the 100 anniversary. Other Titanic sinking and it's been fifteen years since James Cameron's blockbuster movie hit theaters now the epic film -- -- back in the theaters in 3-D. -- talk -- Kate Winslet live ", "Well you could strike one more thing off of film director  James Cameron 's bucket list take a look at business is Cameron emerging from a defense point on. What this Titanic yeah. More than six and ", "Well you could strike one more thing off of film director James Cameron's bucket list take a look at business is Cameron emerging from a -- defense point on. What this Titanic yeah. More than ", "world for their removal. Years. I was in the getting killed 2000 people really say and hasn't changed much and  James Cameron  and his wife season. Met on the living Cameron as mustard and turned greedy that's for me tonight. Further. But ", "getting killed 2000 people really say and hasn't changed much and -- James Cameron and his wife season. Met on the living Cameron as -- mustard and turned greedy that's for me tonight. Further. But because ", 'National Geographic Explorer in residence  James Cameron  has finished a record dive to the deepest part of the Yeah. The Challenger Deep which is only a small part of them Mariana trench ', '-- -- National Geographic Explorer in residence James Cameron has finished a record dive to the deepest part of the -- Yeah. The Challenger Deep which is only a small part ', "Classic Titanic it's back now in 3-D just in time for the hundredth anniversary of the Titanic launch and fall thanks a lot for excellence. What you do you see the obsession everywhere right now two ships re creating the journey right now people are feeling it. I if you can even remember. Back to", 'christianity. The film is by Academy Award winning director  James Cameron  of Titanic fame. And he says the remains of Jesus Christ held the remains of Jesus. And his family executive  James Cameron  of Titanic and terminator fame. Unveiled the to in ', 'basic tenets of christianity. The film is by Academy Award winning director James Cameron of Titanic fame. And he says the remains of Jesus Christ have been found to not only those of Jesus but his ', 'held the remains of Jesus. And his family -- -- executive -- James Cameron of Titanic and terminator fame. Unveiled the -- to -- in New York with experts and fellow filmmakers. There is a definite ', 'Fmr. governor says "Terminator" director  James Cameron  insisted line be delivered a certain way.', "roses signs. Bill Paxton rob the National Guard stuff  James Cameron . The books. Free use it was a pretty grueling. Should the architecture the And by the way that last night  James Cameron  whispered you know I think I'm done with Titanic but ", 'roses signs. Bill Paxton rob -- -- the National Guard stuff -- James Cameron . The books. Free use it was a pretty grueling. Should cold wet long nights the moon by the sinking ship of course. ', "architecture the -- And by the way -- that -- last night James Cameron whispered you know I think I'm done with Titanic but judging by the -- No one else's I'm gonna say -- immersing ", "reported exclusively that's a long time to be the other day split and holidays out yet so. I'm now what about this  James Cameron  sued yet again that going to point five billion dollars. Over avatar it turns out every so I find the same idea for ", "and holidays out yet so. -- -- I'm now what about this James Cameron sued yet again that -- -- -- -- going to -- point five billion dollars. Over avatar it turns out every so ", "act so moon somewhere you know  James Cameron 's new big. Blockbuster opus scifi geek films avatar director  James Cameron . I need. For him and fantasy worker rabid avatar fans. I trust  James Cameron  implicitly just because more than ", "you've been living on an act so moon somewhere -- you know James Cameron's new big. Blockbuster opus is out and that if you're a fan of avatar. You know what an -- -- moon is ", "early He actually met the Fellini and scifi geek films avatar director James Cameron . I need. For him and fantasy film lovers all over the world this -- you try to there with Dumbledore on par with proto. No idea what I'm talking about let this guy's belly down a ND ERS. Space and -- -- nine. Anders Nelson self professed nerd comic book store worker -- rabid avatar fans. I trust James Cameron implicitly just because more than eighty any other director of the major action He just really cares that you be able to ", "returned only revolutions from the buddy's big geeks of the world unite James Cameron who clearly loves the color blue. Maybe seeing a lot of Green in the near future on the -- Low. For Good ", 'office so what lesson does its director and creator.  James Cameron  teach all of us about new for the new year. Dan Harris drama. Featuring their maverick controversial director  James Cameron . Who has taken an extravagant risk. At a time when ', "at the box office so what lesson does its director and creator. James Cameron teach all of us about new -- for the new year. Dan Harris takes a look. While there's an enormous amount happening on screen in avatar I was struck by the oddly attractive blue aliens this sweeping battle scenes in -- totally. Unsettle liberal politics. There's also -- perhaps equally compelling -- screen drama. Featuring their maverick controversial director James Cameron . Who has taken an extravagant risk. At a time when many in Hollywood and in the country are -- -- -- He ", 'office so what lesson does its director and creator.  James Cameron  teach all of us about new for the new year. Dan Harris drama. Featuring their maverick controversial director  James Cameron . Who has taken an extravagant risk. At a time when ', "at the box office so what lesson does its director and creator. James Cameron teach all of us about new -- for the new year. Dan Harris takes a look. While there's an enormous amount happening on screen in avatar I was struck by the oddly attractive blue aliens this sweeping battle scenes in -- totally. Unsettle liberal politics. There's also -- perhaps equally compelling -- screen drama. Featuring their maverick controversial director James Cameron . Who has taken an extravagant risk. At a time when many in Hollywood and in the country are -- -- -- He "]