["From laptops to cell phones, cars to airplanes, all kinds of everyday products are made using minerals that come from Africa. It's no exaggeration to say that the world depends on Africa's natural resources.", "Those resources are crucial exports for many African countries, and while resource wealth doesn't always benefit ordinary people, there is no doubt that the global commodities boom is helping to power the economies of Africa's resource-rich nations.", "Click on the categories to the left, or use the arrows on the side to see just a few of the countless products that use Africa's natural resources, and how those raw materials fuel African economies.", "Catalytic converters are fitted to cars to reduce pollution, and platinum and rhodium are key components. Africa produces most of the world's platinum and rhodium.", 'As well as platinum and rhodium, South Africa is a major producer of gold, diamonds, coal and iron ore.', "Over the past 10 years, the mining industry has contributed around $200 billion to the country's GDP and export earnings, in real terms.", 'Cell phones, laptops and other small electronic devices use parts made from tantalum. It is a key export for some African countries, but has been implicated in funding conflict in DR Congo.', 'Despite increases in tantalum output, agriculture is currently far more important than mining for Mozambique.', "But the country also has huge coal reserves and a large gas field was discovered off its northern coast in 2011. They have brought significant foreign investments that could have a huge effect on Mozambique's economy.", "In 2011 Africa produced more than half of the world's diamonds, nearly three quarters of the world's platinum and a fifth of its gold.", "Botswana is the world's second-biggest producer of gem diamonds, which are vital to its economy.", 'It is classified as a middle-income country, helped by a diamond industry that in 2011 accounted for half of government revenue.', 'Rechargeable batteries often use cobalt in their electrodes and demand for portable electronic devices has created a huge market for the mineral.', "The mining and mineral processing sector accounted for 15.5% of DR Congo's GDP in 2010, with mining exports valued at an estimated $8.48 billion -- nearly half of that from cobalt.", "Jet engines use superalloys that often contain cobalt and chromium. Many aircraft parts are made from aluminum alloys, which can account for up to 80% of a passenger jet's weight.", "Guinea has almost half of the world's bauxite reserves, as well as important iron ore, gold and diamond reserves.", "Minerals accounted for a quarter of the country's GDP and about 95% of export earnings in 2011. In the next decade, Guinea is predicted to become a world-leading producer of iron ore, which could reshape its economy.", "Africa produces coal, gas and uranium. Uranium is the source of nuclear fuel, which provides around 14% of the world's electricity.", "Namibia's economy is heavily dependent on mineral exports. As well as uranium, it produces zinc and diamonds.", 'In 2011 its diamond exports were worth $714 million and its uranium exports about $558 million. In total, the mining industry contributes 8% of GDP.', "In 2012, Africa produced a tenth of all the world's oil -- around 9.4 million barrels per day -- up nearly 8% on 2011.", "In 2011 the hydrocarbon sector -- including production of crude oil, natural gas and refined petroleum products -- made up about 15% of Nigeria's real GDP.", 'Nigeria has 37 billion barrels of proven reserves of oil -- enough to keep supplying oil at 2011 levels for 40 years.', 'IntierraRMG, U.S. Geological Survey, British Geological Survey, World Bank, CIA World Factbook, BP Statistical Review of World Energy, South African Chamber of Mines, Botswana Central Statistics Office', 'Produced by Mark Tutton and Milena Veselinovic. Designed by Ines Torre. Built by Nav Garcha.']