["to see because we wanna get lost fantasy. And the one that work for me so what this year start trekked into darkness.  JJ Abrams  everybody wondered whether he a did when he first Star Trek. Three years ago and he did it he's got exactly back spot ", 'work for me so what this year -- start trekked into darkness. JJ Abrams everybody wondered whether he -- a -- -- -- -- did when he first -- Star Trek. Three years ago and he ', "captain in 1970. Well the writer and director of that movie  JJ Abrams  he's done so much on TV like lost and then done movies love and train passes by your And change. We wanna you.  JJ Abrams  welcome to the shelf could be great to have you here especially ", "eight captain in 1970. Well the writer and director of that movie JJ Abrams he's done so much on TV like lost and then done movies like Star Trek. Is with us today and he's gonna ", 'and train passes by your -- And change. We wanna -- you. JJ Abrams welcome to the shelf could be great to have you here especially as super eight is opening all over the universe as ', "was known more for the he almost played. degree in Harry Potter James Bond. He'd even been cast as Superman and it  JJ Abrams  written version that was never shot how close did you ever come. To saying this this is in the home. I came very close ", "Harry Potter James Bond. He'd even been cast as Superman and it JJ Abrams written version that was never shot how close did you ever come. To saying this this is -- in the home. I ", "he was known more for the he almost played. Cedric figuring Harry Potter James Bond even been cast as Superman and it  JJ Abrams  written version that was never shot. How close did you ever come. saying this this isn't gonna happen. I came very ", "Harry Potter James Bond -- even been cast as Superman and it JJ Abrams written version that was never shot. How close did you ever come. -- -- saying this this isn't gonna happen. I came ", 'Action! Reporter: This weekend,  j . J .  Abrams  will boldly go where he\'s actually before he reimagined "star trek,"  j . J .  Abrams  behind "fell listty," "alias on "star trek" and "star wars."  J . J .  Abrams  does. I was like, of course. Of course ', "ago, so, what is Here's abc's david muir. Action! Reporter: This weekend, j.J . Abrams will boldly go where he's actually gone before. Which is why the stakes are even higher. The sequel to his wildly successful ", 'in everybody he works with. Reporter: Long before he reimagined "star trek," j.J . Abrams behind "fell listty," "alias" "and loand "lost." One of the best pieces of advice frwas from my dad. He said, it\'s more important that you learn what to make movies about than how to make movies. Reporter: Believe it or not, after "star trek," bringing back "star wars" is next. You have controlled your fear. Reporter: Who takes on "star trek" and "star wars." J.J . Abrams does. I was like, of course. Of course. Reporter: Driven by one simple notion. Follow what you feel. That thing that you feel, if you really feel it, other people do, too. And that\'s something that is, to be, you know, mined and to be celebrated. And we choose j.J . Abrams , who reminds us the questions in life are exciting, too. ', "Wolverines trying to push yourself yourself with these things part of what I think when your kid. And sort of the adult world is slowly encroaching that that notion what is what is out there I mean. Literally even seen the anatomy we issued a really graphic. Murder horrible slasher movies they're", "on. Pretty much just can't let the school with an emotional lives and scary. Do you ever have for English yeah. How like her but hunger for human flesh I chose to turn somebody into a zombie. Is that talent challenged. A trillion. And really. Let's talk a little about your collaborators did you", "here's ABC's David This weekend  JJ Abrams  boldly go. He's actually gone Football before he re imagined Star Trek  JJ Abrams  behind TV hits felicity alias and mind and to be to be And we choose  JJ Abrams  who reminds us the questions of life ", "years ago so what is it here's ABC's David -- This weekend JJ Abrams -- boldly go. He's actually gone before which is why the stakes are even higher. The sequel was wildly successful reboot of ", 'everybody that he works well. Football before he re imagined Star Trek JJ Abrams behind -- TV hits felicity alias and lost. The screenplay for taking care of business picked up while he was still in ', 'you know mind and to be to be -- And we choose JJ Abrams who reminds us the questions of life are exciting -- And we thank you for watching abcnews.com. Will be with -- all ', 'it. William shatner thinks the new "star wars" movie -- to make it a blockbuster he tells jimmy kimmel last night what  j . J .  Abrams  needs to do and he thinks chewbacca and principal seas leia should get together for some intergalactic love. I don\'t want ', "to make it a blockbuster he tells jimmy kimmel last night what j.J . Abrams needs to do and he thinks chewbacca and principal seas leia should get together for some intergalactic love. I don't want that ", 'the man who created the extraordinary journey of lost is about to take us on another journey this time inter galactic  JJ Abrams . Will be directing the next installment of the sacred Star Wars. Abrams has said Star Wars was the first to in his mind ', 'is about to take us on another journey this time inter galactic JJ Abrams . Will be directing the next installment of the sacred Star Wars. Abrams has said Star Wars was the first -- to -- ', 'yeah magazine also moral of the story here to props to  JJ Abrams . But director of the new Star Trek movie apparently you die hard Star any. Anyway long story short. He added  JJ Abrams  the director of the movie got special screening of the ', 'yeah magazine also -- moral of the story here to props to JJ Abrams . But director of the new Star Trek movie apparently you social media -- got out -- there was this. Person a day at a 41 year old man who is. Dying of cancer some damage to his liver -- through reading the word got out he was a die hard Star -- -- any. Anyway long story short. He added JJ Abrams the director of the movie got -- -- special screening of the -- And he was able to do that tumors what ', "this is actually getting great as already. How are and person of interest also kind of similar right yes dishonest and  JJ Abrams  of course we'd love it's going to be thrill a minute very smart it's about. A mysterious in at mysterious billionaire ", "and person of interest also kind of similar right yes dishonest and JJ Abrams of course we'd love it's going to be thrill a minute very smart it's about. A mysterious in at mysterious billionaire who ", 'reports this morning that a movie deal about his epic fall is now in theworks. Quite a story, dan and bianna. Apparently  j . J .  Abrams  looking into making that movie. Thank you, neal karlinsky, who has been covering this story for years. With us, now ', 'fall is now in theworks. Quite a story, dan and bianna. Apparently j.J . Abrams looking into making that movie. Thank you, neal karlinsky, who has been covering this story for years. With us, now, one of ', "summer super eight. A lot of buzz around this movie from JJ  JJ Abrams  Steven Spielberg of course who do you play and that film enough I can say this this is of laws to Spielberg. Search  JJ Abrams  a to students over and and its in Austin. Aren't allowed ", 'summer super eight. A lot of buzz around this movie from JJ JJ Abrams Steven Spielberg of course who do you play and that film and what can you tell us about it. You know I ', "I can say this this is -- of laws to Spielberg. Search JJ Abrams a -- to students over and and its -- in Austin. Aren't allowed to take your word origin it's something I'm leaving ", 'exclusively on the brand names behind the camera. The producer who brought you ET the director and lost when you put a  JJ Abrams  and Steven Spielberg with removing it what the card enables people feel more confident about spending their money on that ', 'who brought you ET the director and lost when you put a JJ Abrams and Steven Spielberg with removing it what the card enables people feel more confident about spending their money on that particular film. ', "Roberts. And Cameron Diaz is bad teacher brimming with. It's my question you he's. Can. Two great season loss  JJ Abrams  TV it was Steven Spielberg for what's been the summertime as best reviewed popcorn movie thus far. Though for your ", "with. It's my question you -- he's. Can. Two great season loss JJ Abrams TV it was Steven Spielberg for what's been the summertime as best reviewed popcorn movie thus far. Though for your movie making ", "the most impressive. Tom Cruise will do it again signed up to Starr at any point stone Mission Impossible. This time  JJ Abrams  we'll direct the movie would soon. You can pretty much like you always successful. Perry that's created distributing ", "signed up to Starr at any point stone Mission Impossible. This time JJ Abrams we'll direct the movie would soon. You can pretty much like you always successful. Perry -- -- that's created -- distributing the ", 'about the show is. When I read the scripts and you know I liked it but it was amazing blew me away for the pilot and  JJ Abrams  producing. And I about the role is running trading and New York City two things I never thought do lived near city ended ', 'but it was amazing -- blew me away for the pilot and JJ Abrams producing. And I about the role is running trading and New York City -- two things I never thought -- do lived ', "Doing Johnson I'm a big fan. They forget about the pretty well not to take your daughter dated July I'm cool it better Q you don't think that it. But it still beautiful and good luck with the movie makers  JJ Abrams  always always of.", 'it. But it still beautiful and good luck with the movie makers JJ Abrams always always of. ']