['(CNN) -- The last thing Elder Stephen Ward remembers is flying sideways out of his seat.', 'The 18-year-old Mormon from Bountiful, Utah, was on his way to the Spanish town where he was planning to start two years of missionary work when the train he was riding in derailed as it went around a sharp curve.', '"We had been going around some pretty sharp turns. We finally came to one more sharp turn, and the train, like, completely lifted up," he said. "It was leaning sideways. It felt like a roller coaster."', 'Elder Stephen Ward says he hopes to resume his missionary service after he recuperates.', 'Others around him seemed puzzled but not alarmed. Then, he says, the other set of wheels left the rails.', "The sun had not yet set in Spain's northwest when a ferocious boom rang out, the sound of the high-speed train smashing into a concrete wall after derailing on a curve.", 'Witnesses say it was about five minutes before police arrived, but almost as soon as the crash happened, people nearby rushed to the scene.', 'CNN affiliate Atlas interviewed two men who were among the first to see the wrecked train.', 'One man, who was working with horses nearby, said he heard a "big noise" and then saw plumes of black smoke. He approached and called police when he saw the train on its side, one car snapped in half.', 'A car from an express train that crashed is lifted Thursday, July 25, at Angrois near Santiago de Compostela, Spain. The train derailed as it hurtled around a curve Wednesday, July 24, killing at least 80 and injuring more than 175, as of Thursday morning, officials said.', "Emergency personnel work at the crash scene July 25. An investigation into the cause of the derailment is under way, but Spain's transportation minister says the train appears to have been going too fast.", 'Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, center, visits the crash site July 25 with Public Works Minister Ana Pastor, right, and Alberto Nunez Feijoo, head of the regional government in Galicia. The latter declared seven days of mourning for victims of the crash.', 'A relative of one of the passengers waits to hear news in Santiago de Compostela as she talks on the phone July 25.', 'Other relatives of passengers wait for information in Santiago de Compostela on July 25.', 'The train was on its way from Madrid to the town of Ferrol with more than 200 passengers aboard. ', 'The state railway company said the train derailed on a curve as it was approaching the train station in Santiago de Compostela.', 'Emergency workers climb on top of the wreckage as they help free injured passengers from the crash. ', 'While it was unclear how fast the train was going at the time of the crash, it was capable of reaching up to 155 mph. ', 'One person at the scene said he saw several passengers and witnesses helping get people out of the mangled cars. ', 'As the first responders arrived, he joined them in a human chain as they began pulling passengers out of the wrecked train cars.', 'The second man said the impact was so loud that it made his car shake. He saw ashen passengers pulling their children out as drivers stopped their cars and brought blankets and water to the scene.', '"The first thing I remember was the little circle of light that was the door," he says.', 'Someone helped him out of the train. A photo taken at the scene shows him leaning on a police officer as he walked beside the tracks, with blood oozing down his face and splattered on his crisp, white shirt.', "He walked past dead bodies on the ground. He told London's Daily Telegraph that it looked like a scene from hell.", 'Ward waited for hours while victims with more serious injuries were taken to the hospital. As he watched rescue crews carry the dead and wounded, he cried and sang church hymns to calm himself down.', 'The sun set, and this place, where the track curves near Santiago de Compostela, was faintly illuminated by the red and yellow flashing lights of the ambulances.', 'A long line of ambulances formed next to the train tracks, as rescuers moved the dead and injured out of the train cars.', 'Video from the scene showed rescuers using a wooden board to carry out a body, covered in a blanket, which was then moved to an adjoining field and placed on the ground. The board was then reused for the next body.', 'Relatives of those on the train are awaiting a comprehensive list of the deceased. In the meantime, some are turning to Twitter, asking anyone for information about their missing loved ones.', '"Please, desperation," wrote one woman on Twitter, asking about three missing girls. The replies came in that the girls were confirmed dead.', 'Atlas captured video of one man, apparently in desperation, running toward the mangled train, ignoring police whistles and calls to stop. The officers caught up with the man and turned him away.', 'One of the cars was lifted with a crane and moved -- it looked like a candy wrapper, peeled at one end, its bottom nearly scraped off.', "Ward was discharged from the hospital Thursday, wearing a neck brace because of a cracked vertebra he suffered in the crash. Lacerations on his face are stapled shut, and there's a huge bruise on his leg.", '"I\'m just all the more grateful to be here. I\'m all the more grateful to still be alive," he says. "I really want to serve honorably. I know I\'ve been kept alive for a reason."', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]