['He pinned her down. She felt she would die. And then she did the one thing she thought might survive her, to let someone know what had happened.', 'Nashville DA Roger Moore heard about the vicious attacker, the violence of his assault- and was alarmed.', 'And of course, had the DNA found its match in some database somewhere back then, back in 1994, what followed might never have happened. But there was no match - nothing in the file, at least. And so the evidence, useful though it was, sat filed away, waiting for a suspect against which it could be compared.', 'DennisFerrier: You have a husband upstairs and a woman downstairs, and he goes in and effectively rapes the woman downstairs while the husband is upstairs asleep.', "DennisFerrier: You start to hear about this and you're a woman living in that area and it starts to rain and you're afraid.", 'Only the ages of his victims varied much, his methods rarely did. He operated at night, he seemed to appear from the woods, then vanish back into them. And he attacked when it rained.', 'After each incident, the police searched the crime scene meticulously, but there were no telltale clothing fibers, no hairs, only the DNA that had no face. Like a ghost, the rapist left behind no trace that could readily identify him.', 'As the number of attacks grew, the rapist seemed to redouble his efforts to hide his identity.', "The only problem was, of course, that they couldn't locate a match. And as one attack turned into five, and the terror spread on dark and rainy nights, police were reduced to issuing warnings.", 'And then for a while, about a year, the attacks seemed to stop. Residents began to breathe a little easier. ', "And now the attacker's method changed a little. Most of the women he'd assaulted in their houses, their bedrooms. But for Zea, he had other plans. ", 'Through the pouring rain, she ran, back to the same house which had once sheltered her. Ran back to a different life.', 'Again the police came, again the questions, the trip to the hospital, the search for evidence. And? There was that telltale DNA. Otherwise, nothing.', 'There were three more rapes in 1999 and 2000, then nothing for two years, then more, one in 2004, two in 2005, two in 2006, all confined to those wooded Nashville suburbs on rainy nights. But while the crimes were eerily similar, the victims were vastly different. A woman seven months pregnant was raped. No one was safe. The rapist seemed to get more brazen as time went on.', 'DennisFerrier: This single-minded guy that just was gonna hurt women of any age, any circumstan-- you know, raping a daughter in front of a mother, a mother in front of a daughter. But yet be wearing a condom. Really weird and methodical. ', "Still, his victims did what they could to identify the man, or ghost, or whatever he was...often managing to somehow preserve at least a vestige of their attacker's DNA. So in 2006 the district attorney's office brought an indictment that seemed to some, frankly, odd. An indictment against a phantom called The Wooded Rapist.", 'And then it was 2008. Fourteen years had elapsed. Thirteen Nashville women had been attacked. Some thought he would never slip up. But not everyone.', "For all their trying over a decade and a half, and though they kept a bulging file of cases, each with a sample of the rapist's DNA, they could not find him. Could not figure out who he was. There may have been some who felt the police were not trying hard enough, but not the women. They had already done what they could to identify the man. And they seem to feel the police were doing their best too. ", "Same night, a few miles away, in a suburb called Brentwood, a favorite haunt of the rapist, a visiting couple from Michigan bedded down in their camper in a relative's driveway. Their dog slept on the floor beside them, and suddenly:", 'DennisFerrier: Dog starts barking, yapping. A woman looks out the window of her camper and there\'s this ski f-- mask right in her face, and he growls at her, you know, rrrr. And she says it was a really mean growl. Well, she gets on the phone and says, "Hey, I\'ve got a-- there\'s a man in a mask in this neighborhood." ', "One of the officers who'd attended the briefing earlier that evening responded to the call. Not far from the visiting camper, he spotted a Jeep driving down the dark street. ", 'What they needed desperately, the only thing that might link this suspect to the string of horrific rapes, was a sample of his DNA. But how to get it? Quietly, carefully, they went about the business of tracking their suspect. They watched his house, they followed his Jeep. They waited for an opening. And finally, it came. The man walked into a restaurant, ordered lunch, ate it, and left.', "Keith Morrison: So as long as the person has thrown it away, doesn't want it anymore, you can go in and scoop it up.", "The results were back within 48 hours. The man's DNA matched DNA found on victims of The Wooded Rapist. Within hours he was arrested. And Zea Miller, now 24 years old, answered her phone, and found herself talking to one of the police officers who'd been working her case for almost a decade.", 'Angela Greear is a nurse, happily married, two children. But once upon a time, in Clarksville, Tenn.:', 'An alpha male in training. Someone men wanted to be like and women wanted to be with.', 'In fact, Robert Jason Burdick had been a local football hero and something of a big man on campus. When Angela Greear moved to Clarksville as a teen, she felt privileged that he chose her as his girlfriend.', 'After high school, Burdick tried a career as a prison corrections officer, but his success with women got him into trouble.', 'Keith Morrison: There was a story I think about him leaving the prison system after having an affair.', 'And so Burdick built a new career - in security systems, learning the trade partially under the tutelage of former boss Howard Kohnstamn.', 'As news of Burdick\'s arrest spread, the shock spread with it, among women, in particular. One woman called him the "best guy I ever dated." Jason\'s family stood up for him of course, insisted there must be some mistake. But back in Clarksville, Angela Greear and a few others whose memories stretched back to those high school days began to reflect on a darker side of their old friend. And another memory came bubbling up.', 'Angela Greear: He had this reputation. I know that he did actually get in trouble for vandalism. ', 'Keith Morrison: How badly did he hurt you when he hit you? Did he bruise your face?', 'Angela Greear: It was all bruised up on one side of my face. We had to take pictures...', 'Angela pressed charges. And Jason Burdick, pride of his town and his family, was sent to a youth detention center.', 'The family, said Angela, were not at all prepared to accept the proposition that Jason was anything other than a gentleman wrongly accused.', "Keith Morrison: So they couldn't believe that their son had actually done anything bad to you?", "Angela Greear: No, no, they couldn't. They could never see anything that he did was wrong.", "Angela Greear: I can't tell you who it was. Somebody set my yard on fire. I became-- an outcast when I sent the Golden Boy to Spencer.", 'But now that same golden boy was about to go on trial for brutalizing more than a dozen women, many of whom had stood up to their attacker in ways that would finally make it possible to try Jason Burdick for rape. ', 'Dennis Ferrier: Even as they were being victimized, they kept a cool head. And the 61-year-old woman who was forced to take a shower was moving but leaving certain areas covered at all times in the shower--', 'Dennis Ferrier: Even after this-- being terrorized like that, she keeps her wits and preserves his DNA.', "But did police have the right man? On April 27, 2009, Burdick was headed to court for the first of what could be as many as 13 trials. One victim, the eldest of them, would have her day in her court. But of course a dozen others had a very personal stake in the outcome. They'd already fought back by collecting those crucial bits of DNA. And now, the very first of the Wooded Rapist's victims decided to continue that fight by keeping a silent vigil in court as the trial phase began.", 'A terrible kind of "sorority" of alleged victims had a special stake in the outcome of the trial. And at least one of them, The Wooded Rapist\'s first known victim, a lawyer, was determined to be in court every day.', 'She recalled how she had been awoken on the night of her attack by a intruder wearing a ski mask. ', 'Victim: He immediately put duct tape across my eyes, told me to take off my clothes, and put duct tape on my wrists.', 'Victim: Just to preserve any evidence if there was any. I took two cotton swabs from-- Q-tips from my cabinet and swabbed my mouth out, put it in Ziploc bag. ', 'At the hospital, a nurse took more samples from her body - samples analyzed by experts who matched them against the unique DNA profile of the defendant. ', 'Attorney: And what were your findings, if any, with respect to a comparison of the known DNA profile, excuse me, of Robert Jason Burdick, with the perpetrator DNA?', 'TBI Agent Chad Johnson: I found that the profiles did match, and the probability of finding-- an unrelated individual having the same DNA profile-- in the world popula-- or exceeded the world population.', "Attorney: So Mr. Burdick's DNA matches the perpetrator DNA from her body, correct?", "Not unusual to find condoms in a bachelor's car, but then a search of Burdick's home revealed more items that could have been tools of a very nasty trade.", 'Witness: There were quite a few black clothes that were located in a far end of a dresser. And there were obviously a few other things...a few handguns that we recovered.', 'Witness: There were some night vision goggles that were recovered. I recall some, like, anti-dog barking devices that we located. ', "But no testimony was as damning as the DNA evidence. After all, no one on earth could have the same DNA as Robert Jason Burdick. Unless, unless he had an identical twin. And Burdick was adopted. Was there an unknown twin somewhere? Someone with Burdick's identical DNA, someone else committing these horrific crimes? Could the DNA be pointing to the wrong man?", "Robert Jason Burdick was on trial for the first of 13 rape charges. But no victim had ever seen his face. He left no visible evidence except, prosecutors claimed, his DNA. The defense, led by attorney Fletcher Long, maintained that wasn't enough.", "That DNA evidence had tagged Jason Burdick as its' owner. But the defense made the jury aware that, in rare cases, two people could share the same DNA.", 'John Herbison: The probability increases as the degree of kinship to the defendant gets greater, would you agree?', 'TBI Agent Chad Johnson: Yes, starting with identical twins, they have identical DNA.', 'Keith Morrison: Did you have any hope that you might be able to use the evil twin defense?', "Fletcher Long: They sure thought we were gonna say that, didn't they? No. One thing you have to do is you have to-- shake the science.", 'A long shot? Of course. And in the end the defense did not use it because the prosecution was ready. ', 'The judge: Ladies and gentlemen, the stipulation is the fact that Mr. Robert Jason Burdick does not have a twin.', 'The only hope for the defense was to prove that the DNA found on the victim had been tainted somehow during the investigation.', "But there had been other DNA samples taken at the hospital. Samples that could not have been tainted. And each one pointed to Burdick. There wasn't much the defense could do to combat the science ", 'It was his right, of course, not to testify. The trial was brief, lasted just three days.', "Prosecution (closing): The DNA in and on her body is his - to the exclusion of everyone in the world. Is he the man who committed these crimes? And I submit to you in closing beyond any reasonable doubt, he is that man I'll ask you to so find.", 'The judge: In the case of the state of Tennessee versus Robert Jason Burdick, I am advised that the jury has arrived at a verdict.', "Burdick's family was obviously distraught, his father in particular. A very different kind of moment for the victim in the case and the women who had allegedly shared her horror.", "Keith Morrison: There's the personal, visceral level, about what you hope happens, or what should happen.", 'Zea Miller: I have, along with-- many of my very-- sympathetic family members, thought of a really long list of horrible ways that he should die. ', "Though even a trial won't restore what many of the victims lost the night they encountered The Wooded Rapist.", 'And now on the nights when the rain begins in the wooded suburbs around Nashville, Tenn., there are some who hear not just than the sound of drops on darkened roofs and windows, but an echo of the women with the courage and presence of mind to cleanse the terror from the rain.']