['Did your school completely omit some of the greatest stories in American history?', 'This is a rush transcript from "Glenn Beck," May 14, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GLENN BECK, HOST: Welcome to another Friday from...', 'The old sign near its border that proclaims the upstate New York town of Whitehall to be the birthplace of the U.S. Navy is a bit worn out, town clerk Elaine Jones a...', 'Former UBS Chairman Joe Grano argues government has left the average American out in the cold.', 'The Bush administration, defending its free trade record against Democratic attacks, is arguing that an American retreat from the global economy would mean less pros...', 'Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is under fire for his comment that the Iraq war is "lost," with Republicans saying that it sends the wrong message to U.S. troops f...', 'The trial of a former Navy sailor on terrorism charges promises to offer a glimpse into how prosecutors say an American serviceman communicated with suspected terror...', '"I think it\'s a pretty down-the-middle, wholesome show," says Aidan Quinn, referring to his new NBC series, " Book of Daniel .""I honestly don\'t think it\'s going to ...', 'Once known as a tireless bloodhound who tracked down fugitive gang leaders, deputy U.S. marshal John T. Ambrose now faces trial himself on charges alleging he betray...', '"Outsourcing" has become part of the presidential campaign lexicon this season as the parties argue over the lackluster job growth during President Bush\'s term in of...', 'The latest from the Political Grapevine:Glass Half Full?There is further evidence today that people may be feeling a lot better about their own situations than recen...', "Rep. Chet Edwards , D-Texas, delivered the response to the president's weekly radio address:Hello. I'm Congressman Chet Edwards of Texas. On Thursday, Veterans Day, ...", 'American Taliban John Walker Lindh has a new excuse for his traitorous behavior -- he says Spike Lee made him do it.Lindh was inspired to become a modern-day Benedic...', "It once was Canada's capital and a major North American trading post, where trappers climbed up from the St. Lawrence River to sell furs near the Notre-Dame-des-Vict..."]