['Ellen. "This was a 14-year-old, and he\'d do a take and [you\'d] just go, \'Oh my God.\' And then he became  John Hughes \' star. I mean, it was really amazing." Hall went on to star in Hughes films, including "Sixteen Candles" and ', 'California ceremony. The 30-year-old sing-songwriter and actress is best known as the star of "Curly Sue," a 1991  John Hughes  film also featuring John Belushi and Kelly Lynch. Porter confirmed the wedding through her Twitter account, @alisanporter ', 'divided. "I think ice cream use is like a drug in that it can become a strong reward for some people," said Dr.  John Hughes , a professor of psychiatry at the University of Vermont in Burlington, who was not involved in the Oregon study ', "down? Want to save money? Any of these reasons will work if it's important enough to you. 3. Get Treatment Dr.  John Hughes  of the University of Vermont, who looks into the psychology of quitting, said the best thing smokers can do is get ", 'entrepreneur. Born to musicians of famed 60\'s group The Mamas and The Papas, Phillips began her acting career appearing in  John Hughes \' 1982 teen-sensation "Some Kind of Wonderful," and followed up with roles in 1988\'s "Caddyshack II," 1989\'s ', "sure your pal feels the same. Ah, here's a sticky that launched a dozen teen movies. Well, you can either throw a  John Hughes  film festival and then try various misbegotten hijinks inspired by Molly Ringwald, or tell him honestly about your ", 'time." Speeches Encouraged to Stay Short and Sweet One thing producers may add this year is a tribute to director  John Hughes  , instead of just including him in the montage of stars who died in 2009. Mechanic worked with Hughes and Oscar hosts ', 'from Hall\'s breakout role playing a geek in the 1980s  John Hughes  classics "Sixteen Candles," " The Breakfast Club Brat Pack Cred: The \'80s and particularly director  John Hughes  launched Ringwald into superstardom, making her the ', 'Jackson, Fawcett and Kennedy: Summer of 2009 Memorable for Who Failed to Survive It', 'quarterback Steve McNair, 36, and veteran journalist Walter Cronkite, 92. In August, fans mourned the death of director  John Hughes , 59, , famous for the iconic 1980s films "The Breakfast Club" and "Pretty in Pink." That same month, President ', 'headed troublemaker. Mason gamble says Walter Matthau always looked out for his six year old self while they shop that  John Hughes  written Dennis the Menace movie. As a child actor I can only work eight hours a day. But in Walters contract He could ', 'looked out for his six year old self while they shop that John Hughes written Dennis the Menace movie. As a child actor I can only work eight hours a day. But in Walters contract He ', "team He director Ted beautiful girls with Tim wait. Wheat fat yes. I'd heat the walking together. Meanwhile it was  John Hughes  1988. Be the great outdoors from a I'm fraught with Dan Aykroyd and John can be. That brought Annette to the big ", "Wheat fat yes. I'd heat the walking -- together. Meanwhile it was John Hughes 1988. Be the great outdoors from a -- I'm -- fraught with Dan Aykroyd and John can be. That brought Annette -- ", 'into the eighties great decade we outlet that. What do you like about it missed those films talk around this period  John Hughes  films and I grew up watching you know like sixteen candles the breakfast. Tuesday and and know how we can do one now ', 'like about it -- -- missed those films talk around this period John Hughes films and -- I grew up watching you know like sixteen candles the breakfast. -- Tuesday and and know how we can ', "they'll never have an opportunity to star in another  John Hughes  film the director died last summer. At the age of 59 right. Consistent very. And balance the beauty of  John .  Hughes  says the actors is that he managed to convey profound ", "chief regrets that they'll never have an opportunity to star in another John Hughes film the director died last summer. At the age of 59. It's it's profoundly. Shock. Me I just always assumed. That we would all work together in some way on something it wouldn't have to be a sequel. But that this same group that made that film would make another -- so that fact that one day he wasn't there anymore I was right. Consistent very. And balance the beauty of John . Hughes says the actors is that he managed to convey profound messages through humor in the case of The Breakfast Club the lesson ", "Breakfast stars are all grown up and ready to spill the secrets a little me. About what it was like filming the iconic  John Hughes  movie. What are we Rapid fire question best answered. Yeah yeah okay. Yeah I'm going yeah. had a great said it's ", "a little -- me. About what it was like filming the iconic John Hughes movie. What are we -- Rapid fire question best answered. Yeah yeah okay. Yeah -- I'm going yeah. -- had a great ", "John Hughes  died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular movies of the 1980s. And nineties. Movies that defined a generation ", "John Hughes died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular movies of the 1980s. And nineties. Movies that defined a generation. "]