["Regulators are considering a question that could affect the way interest rates are set on a number of consumer financial products, including mortgages, credit cards and home equity loans: What do we do about Libor?Short for the London Interbank Offered Rate, Libor is used as a benchmark for setting interest rates on many consumer and commercial loans worldwide. It's based on a daily survey of major banks conducted by the British Bankers' Association, which asks bankers for the interest rates they're paying to borrow money for a variety of different currencies and maturities.The only problem? Sometimes those bankers lie, says Frederick Cannon, CFA, director of research at New York investment bank Keefe, Bruyette and Woods. This and other problems with Libor were reviewed by the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which made suggestions to replace Libor this year in its annual report.Indeed, some of the world's largest banks, including Barclays, UBS and the Royal Bank of Scotland, hav...", 'Vanguard Group Chief Executive William McNabb on Tuesday said the No. 1 U.S. mutual fund company had accumulated $40 billion in net assets during the first half of t...', "The world's top banking regulator on Monday suggested possible changes to help simplify new rules on bank capital being introduced to strengthen the industry after t...", 'It may be the largest sector weight in the S&P 500, but year-to-date, technology has offered something of a middling performance.Using the nine sector SPDR ETFs as t...', "The European Commission suspects the existence of cartels involved in manipulating lending benchmarks such as Libor and Euribor, the EU's antitrust chief said in a s...", 'Jeremy Kagan may not be the first person to recognize the uneven playing field small business owners operate on when it comes to digital advertising. But the Columbi...', 'Japanese stocks tumbled early Thursday as a strengthening yen and extended losses on Wall Street prompted further selling in exporters, setting the major share bench...', "More investors raised their positions in longer-dated U.S. Treasuries holdings in the latest week in advance of the Federal Reserve's two-day policy meeting, accordi...", "World shares, bonds and commodities recovered some lost ground on Friday, after a sharp sell-off triggered by the U.S. Federal Reserve's plan to roll back the asset-...", "Oil futures rose on Monday, the first day of the third quarter, with gains in U.S. crude outpacing the rest of the oil complex and pushing the U.S. contract's discou...", "To put it delicately, the fundamental outlook on Brazilian equities has been murky at best this year.Brazil's benchmark index, the Ibovespa, has been one of the wors...", "To put it delicately, the fundamental outlook on Brazilian equities has been murky at best this year.Brazil's benchmark index, the Ibovespa, has been one of the wors...", 'Oil rose above $108 a barrel on Monday as investors shift their focus to U.S. oil that extended its gains against Brent after flipping to a premium for the first tim...', 'Reforms from global regulators to prevent banks rigging market benchmarks like Libor again have stopped short of heeding U.S. calls for a more radical response to cl...', 'Japanese shares climbed early Tuesday as the market opened after a three-day weekend, with consecutive record finishes for key U.S. benchmarks and better-than-expect...', "The world's top banking regulator on Monday suggested possible changes to help simplify new rules on bank capital being introduced to strengthen the industry after t..."]