['The Oscar winning director says not including torture scenes would be whitewashing history', 'The Oscar winning filmmaker discusses the role of women in her Osama bin Laden Manhunt Movie', 'countdown to the Oscars director  Kathryn Bigelow  has a chance to make Hollywood Hollywood people used to think of  Kathryn Bigelow  as a great director who had yet work on Hurt Locker has given  Kathryn Bigelow  a chance to become the first ', "And now in our countdown to the Oscars director Kathryn Bigelow has a chance to make Hollywood history. She -- a fourth woman ever nominated for best director and she would be the first ever to win the award. It's for her gripping Iraq War film the Hurt Locker and Chris Connolly is live in Los Angeles where He said -- -- Bigelow and the -- screenwriter mark ball Chris. Good morning George I guess that here in Hollywood people used to think of Kathryn Bigelow as a great director who had yet to make a great -- But -- her lockers changed all that and put her in some pretty distinguished company. Her work on -- Hurt Locker has given Kathryn Bigelow a chance to become the first woman ever to win best director but in the category. She's competing against her ex husband. ", "What's the reception been like to filming in Washington circles. It's been. Very positive and I think it's you know opened up innocent avenues of discussion really important certainly mean personally. You feel like to discuss has been different as a result of it particularly the military folks who", "big money on a tuxedo rental what he so chooses.  Kathryn Bigelow  doesn't have to Wear heels either so surprising The biggest shock came and best director thirties  Kathryn Bigelow . Ben Affleck finally mrs. Tom Hooper were all passed ", "save big money on a tuxedo rental what he so chooses. -- Kathryn Bigelow doesn't have to Wear heels either so surprising -- Overall -- have to say the story was rebellion. Rebellion in the streets ", '-- The biggest shock came and best director -- -- -- thirties Kathryn Bigelow . -- -- Ben Affleck finally mrs. Tom Hooper were all passed over despite multiple nominations for all those films including best picture ', 'Kathryn Bigelow  and Mark Boal used first-hand accounts, but deny receiving classified information.', 'vs Hurt Locker and in the end Hurt Locker won big  Kathryn Bigelow  becoming the first woman director ever to get that director avatars James Cameron against his ex wife  Kathryn Bigelow  the Hurt Locker. Poised to become the first woman ', 'vs Hurt Locker and in the end -- Hurt Locker won big Kathryn Bigelow becoming the first woman director ever to get that prize. And they also the movie won the most coveted prize. Best picture. ', 'contest best director -- -- avatars James Cameron against his ex wife Kathryn Bigelow the Hurt Locker. Poised to become the first woman to win the award -- As another way to describe it is phenomenal ', "And what happened to of people  Kathryn Bigelow  for zero dark thirty. The first in vote but I can't I think  Kathryn Bigelow  was completely. By this fake gonna get into the politics it.  Kathryn Bigelow  is very clear about what she ", "he supposed to be nominated. And what happened to of -- people Kathryn Bigelow for zero dark thirty. The first woman in the eighty plus years the academy is -- to ever win an Oscar for directing which she did in 2009. For her -- Why are they not there. What happened who win these idiots that actually came up with -- evening and said we're leaving those three you know. They'll figure -- out we can't write in a vote you can't write in vote. I would love to write in vote but I can't I think Kathryn Bigelow was completely. -- By this fake controversy that said the movie advocated torture. There -- a lot of politicians out there a lot of senators think. We don't torture program what you know this is all part two they saw the movie they would realize it doesn't advocate torture all. But they don't -- movies they just decide they gonna get into the politics it. Kathryn Bigelow is very clear about what she was trying to do in Europe docked there. Certainly based on -- research. That's part of ", "who's just written a book about the bin Laden operation called the finish. Mark about. I have known mark bowl and  Kathryn Bigelow  since about 2008. When the Hurt Locker was released and I watched you. During the last year so report out this the ", 'finish," mark bowden. I have known mark boal and  kathryn bigelow  since about 2008 when "the hurt locker" was released movie is not the same as a documentary. Director  kathryn bigelow  is on the cover of "time" magazine this week. She ', 'operation called "the finish," mark bowden. I have known mark boal and kathryn bigelow since about 2008 when "the hurt locker" was released, and I watched you, mark, during the last year or so report out ', 'movies understand a movie is not the same as a documentary. Director kathryn bigelow is on the cover of "time" magazine this week. She says she thinks "it\'s a deeply moral movie that questions the use ', "firsthand accounts and I took notes. And then you compile that research and you dramatized. and Oscar winning director  Kathryn Bigelow  told me much the same last fall before the film's release. Before the senate pro he decided. Certainly to start ", "you compile that research and you dramatized. -- and Oscar winning director Kathryn Bigelow told me much the same last fall before the film's release. Before the senate pro he decided. Certainly to start in the ", 'story but hold on to your seat. Now, there is so much more. "Zero dark thirty" the riveting new film by director  kathryn bigelow  and screenwriter mark boal brings you the hunt for bin laden like it\'s never beeneen before, combining meticulous ', 'so much more. "Zero dark thirty" the riveting new film by director kathryn bigelow and screenwriter mark boal brings you the hunt for bin laden like it\'s never beeneen before, combining meticulous detail of a first-rate ', "yes Argo Ben Affleck Argo and  Kathryn Bigelow  zero dark thirty now you're into the credit business and to  Kathryn Bigelow . Did you get this information producers. Zero dark thirty mark all  Kathryn Bigelow  and Matt and Allison producers ", "-- to -- -- relate to yes Argo Ben Affleck Argo and Kathryn Bigelow zero dark thirty now you're gonna say they can nominate ten movies for best picture and you'd be right. But I'm saying ", "Washington DC has gotten into the credit business and -- -- to Kathryn Bigelow . Did you get this information about the CIA and we might put you into jail. You know that's a new wrinkle and ", '-- Bruce Cohen and Jonathan Gordon producers. Zero dark thirty mark all Kathryn Bigelow and Matt and Allison producers. Lincoln Steven Spielberg and Kathleen Kennedy produces. -- is -- robbed him -- then Eric found parent ', 'was already starting to work on  kathryn bigelow \'s film, "dark 30." After work, work. In this film,  kathryn bigelow , "the hurt locker," this across the board, fantastic.  Kathryn bigelow , one of the best directors I\'ve ', 'met you at the oscars. I was already starting to work on kathryn bigelow\'s film, "dark 30." After the oscars, the next day at noon, I flew to india, to start work. And I had been in jordan before. It had always been work, work, work. In this film, kathryn bigelow , "the hurt locker," this one is shrouded in secrecy. It is. It\'s very secret. You can tell us the main theme, right? It\'s about -- I know the ending. It\'s about the hunt for osama bin laden. The ensemble of actors are, across the board, fantastic. Kathryn bigelow , one of the best directors I\'ve ever worked with. The script is phenomenal. My part was really good. So, I\'m excited to ', "understand why anyone is upset about it at all. We generally expect different things. Reporter: It was directed by  kathryn bigelow  and it's long been plagued by controversy. During it congressional members did not like how much information was ", "at all. We generally expect different things. Reporter: It was directed by kathryn bigelow and it's long been plagued by controversy. During it congressional members did not like how much information was given to filmmakers. To ", "maybe we don't want to encourage this may these people are doing I hope not I really hope not because I think  Kathryn Bigelow  did the best job. I'd been given yes which is everybody at home needs to know this when you your Oscar pool right ", "doing I hope not -- I really hope not because I think Kathryn Bigelow did the best job. -- I'd been given yes which is everybody at home needs to know this when you -- -- ", "opening monologue being singled out famous folks in the audience from Taylor Swift to stay away from Am. golf to  Kathryn Bigelow . You haven't really even following the controversy over zero dark thirty but when it comes to torture I just the ", "to stay away from -- -- -- Am. -- golf -- to Kathryn Bigelow . You haven't really even following the controversy over zero dark thirty but when it comes to torture I just the lady spent ", 'Producers. Silver linings playbook. On July Bruce Cohen and Jonathan Gordon producers. Zero dark thirty mark  Kathryn Bigelow  and Matt and Allison producers. Lincoln Steven Spielberg and Kathleen Kennedy producers. is there robbed him then ', '-- Bruce Cohen and Jonathan Gordon producers. Zero dark thirty mark -- Kathryn Bigelow and Matt and Allison producers. Lincoln Steven Spielberg and Kathleen Kennedy producers. -- is there robbed him -- then Eric found -- ', 'Jonathan Gordon producers. Zero dark thirty mark  Kathryn Bigelow  and Matt and Allison producers. Lincoln Steven Spielberg the big shock is investor actor know if nothing for  Kathryn Bigelow  for zero dark thirty. Talk about a movie that was ', '-- Bruce Cohen and Jonathan Gordon producers. Zero dark thirty mark -- Kathryn Bigelow and Matt and Allison producers. Lincoln Steven Spielberg and Kathleen Kennedy produces. -- is there robbed him -- then Eric found -- ', 'I think the big shock is investor actor know if nothing for Kathryn Bigelow for zero dark thirty. Talk about a movie that was really associated with its director she gets passed over and Ben Affleck ', "feel to make the cut for best director really works against. So let's talk about that's a major in this category  Kathryn Bigelow  for zero dark thirty what are we have to say about that. Yet it's a surprise you want were Hurt Locker. And was ", "against. So let's talk about that's a major -- in this category Kathryn Bigelow for zero dark thirty what are we have to say about that. Yet it's a surprise you want -- were Hurt Locker. "]