['of Rush is 60.  Documentary  maker  Ken Burns  is 60. TV personality is 77. Movie  director  Peter Bogdanovich Paul Anka is 72.  Jazz  saxophonist David Chris") is 45.  Director  Christopher Nolan 1: Actor- director  Geoffrey Holder ', 'Playbook" Best  Director  Wes Anderson for Award given to the  director  and producer to the writer,  director , and producer Moonrise Kingdom" Best  Documentary  "How to Survive Central Park Five" -  Ken Burns , Sarah Burns ', "galleries Top 10 most-visited  national parks  Denali National Park Grand Canyon TODAY readers visit America's  national parks  More national park articles  Ken Burns :  National parks  feed America's soul 10 best ", 'Africans," notes museum  director  Nichole Green, who Charleston area\'s  Civil War  Sesquicentennial events the first shot of the  Civil War  at White Point Garden featuring the music from  Ken Burns \' PBS series  Civil War  by the original band ', 'through America\'s  national parks  and wildlands thumb through." " Baseball : An Illustrated History years and explore  baseball  in the age of steroids published to coincide with  Ken Burns \'  documentary , " Baseball ," was a bestseller ', 'documentarian  Ken Burns  who did a series The  National Parks : America\'s broadcast of his  documentary  in September upcoming  documentary  " The Tenth his 1994 " Baseball ." Acadia while the  national parks  have "spectacular ', 'and documentarian  Ken Burns  why the American  Civil War  still matters nearly Burns said of the  Civil War  at the opening of World War II. The  Civil War  led to the abolition Award winning PBS  documentary  "The  Civil War', "Will President Obama Issue Posthumous Pardon for Nation's First Black Boxing Champ?", 'color barrier in Major League  Baseball . Johnson\'s record in the ring Johnson\'s story was chronicled in  Ken Burns \' 2005  documentary  "Unforgiveable Blackness: The Johnson." According to the  documentary , the prosecutor in the case ', "is that I'm  Ken Burns  the new  documentary  at PBS television at our chat.  Ken Burns  welcome the this is some  prohibition  era. Whiskey spelled the  prohibition  I mean it is Historical  documentary  filmmakers get ", "All right more movies -- got is that I'm Ken Burns the new documentary at PBS television take a look at our chat. Ken Burns welcome the top line we -- here on the road at that the gorgeous Jack rose saloon which has the greatest election spirit the United States we're told it's really incredible actually this is some prohibition era. Whiskey which is testing. Thank you for having a court case. Happy to do it don't really has sounded good exactly ", "single most effective lobbying campaign in history of the United States he's prohibition run by the anti saloon -- its chief counsel Wayne B Wheeler. Was said to have been able to make up this to make the -- of the United States sit up and bay and there's not been a lobbying campaign that's been suspect it's supposed official Washington's response this was it. Was targeted creek in Washington the prohibition era it was easier to get a drink during prohibition -- after they repealed because once government came back in regulated. They're opening and closing hours you couldn't sell the miners know ", 'government -- Mabel walker will -- was put in charge of enforcing. Prohibition and that it was a woman calling -- and rich matron. Who said wait a second this is hypocritical these judges who ', 'historians. The  documentary  filmmaker  Ken Burns  can thank you Helped create our  jazz  music. Help create mean if someone  baseball  Jackie Robinson hope of earth.  Ken Burns  thank you so much extraordinary  documentary  filmmaker and ', "We are joined by. One of America's most renowned historians. The documentary filmmaker Ken Burns can thank you for being here today we greatly appreciated and I wanna start with that piece of sound of Barack Obama ", 'immediately lose or no police say. The last best hope of earth. Ken Burns thank you so much for being here today extraordinary documentary filmmaker and great American historian we really do appreciate your insights thank you very much my pleasure things happen again. ', 'it about that in him. We finish this  civil war  series seventeen years ago in 1990 and as a country ourselves to the American  civil war . We like to see ourselves as emotional in the war had really affected us to  civil war . And so for most of the 1990s we turned ', 'of the war -- -- painful it is to acknowledge. To a documentary setting and so you -- there is a blunt estimate that this is not a pretty thing and I think. That particularly ', "broadcasting public media guys that can't be done anywhere else and you can Begin with my films. No CPP in a  civil war  in the CPP no history of  baseball  you know history checks every single film that I made would not have been me. In the marketplace it ", 'else and you can Begin with my films. No CPP in a civil war in the CPP no history of baseball -- -- you know history checks every single film that I made would not have been me. In the marketplace it look. ', "are pictures of the  national parks  and I think get a conjunction with the  Ken burns '  baseball documentary  it's it's a beautiful compilation of  baseball  photos. And this the legendary  director  album Hitchcock ", "hit it pretty well. But it was published in conjunction with the Ken burns' baseball documentary it's it's a beautiful compilation of baseball photos. And this -- the legendary director album Hitchcock. It this is time to and commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of Psycho -- He completed started an -- you guys ", 'about some aspects of the past we have to be very careful the  civil war  involved four million. Human beings that were owned by other we can see reflected. In almost everything. Aspects of the  civil war  expect continuing. Nationwide Italian democracy happy coming ', 'some aspects of the past we have to be very careful the civil war involved four million. Human beings that were owned by other evenings in the country and it cleared for the world economic and ', 'so we can see -- reflected. In almost everything. Aspects of the civil war -- expect continuing. Nationwide Italian -- democracy happy coming years. ', "Shelton Johnson America's  national parks  also speak the truth. They African Americans that the  national parks . That's where white people place he's featured in a new  Ken Burns documentary  on  national parks  and travels to classrooms ", "imagine not being in the other place he's featured in a new Ken Burns documentary on national parks and travels to classrooms to talk about its message -- the only. African Americans are pretty sure isn't it but He is "]