['September but has been postponed. She faces up to 160 years.  John Ford  , a former Tennessee state senator for 30 years and a member was released on a $500,000 bond. The former executive  director  of LIBRE pleaded guilty Monday to mail fraud. Hiram Monserrate ', "full- length treatment of all the  director 's movies. Knowing that she gave interviews directors, especially Fred Zinnemann and  John Ford , mostly to compare their methods understanding of Alfred Hitchcock the  director  and the man. Later she also spoke ", "got wind that  director John Ford  was scouting The movie,  Stagecoach , won the 1939  Oscar  for cinematography era. After  Stagecoach , visitors trickled overlooking  John Ford 's Point named for the  director , and a highlight ", 'freedom, fairness and justice.  Director John Ford  established Wayne as the embodiment that time-honored image, the 1969  Oscar  for best picture went to "Midnight film for which George Clooney won an  Oscar , suicide bombers are depicted as ', 'Scorsese\'s overall  Oscar  record is that a great  director  had been robbed Winning  director : Billy Wilder director :  John Ford  ("The  Grapes of Wrath ") Hitchcock audiences, was an  Oscar  juggernaut Winning  director : To Be Announced ', 'his childhood with his  Oscar -winning mother Patty clays of David Lean or  John Ford . I knew that the  director , Peter Jackson, was could be like that:  Oscar  caliber art on par with David Giancola, the  director , are genuinely nice ', "Thurman emerging from the wedding chapel came right out of  John Ford 's The Searchers. The karate master who tutors Thurman 2. It is a great film all on its own. And, yes, an  Oscar  nomination at least for Thurman. Grade: A", 'I\'ve been an inspiration to them, a woman who could hold her own against the world. That\'s lovely. The great  director John Ford  paid me my favorite compliment by saying I was the best "effin\' " actress in Hollywood. Much of this story, though ', "good, good actor.)  Director  Terry Zwigoff's offer camera angles  John Ford 's camera couldn't more film filled with  Oscar -caliber performances would go on to win an  Oscar  for directing My Left Amistad?), gives an  Oscar -caliber performance ", 'father and my uncle bud Childers. Were part of the special OSS CNN under the command of the famous Hollywood movie  director John Ford . Which was charged with with finding these Nazi films so they could be cut together and shown in the courtroom along ', 'the special OSS CNN under the command of the famous Hollywood movie director John Ford Which was charged with -- with finding these Nazi films so they could be cut together and shown in the courtroom along ']