["not time for part two of our  breakfast club  reunion 25 years later I sat here. In 1985 they weren't  breakfast club  the unlikely group of high school it was like filming the iconic  John Hughes movie . What are we Rapid fire question ", "back. I don't think -- belong here. In 1985 they weren't -- breakfast club the unlikely group of high school students forced to spend their Saturday morning together and attention. What a difference 25 years makes today The Breakfast -- stars are all grown up and ready to spill the secrets a little -- me. About what it was like filming the iconic John Hughes movie . What are we -- Rapid fire question best answered. Yeah yeah okay. Yeah -- I'm going yeah. -- had a great said ", "gets smacked by hackers. Stand  movie director  whose films captured the 1980s already has thousands of followers.  John Hughes  died suddenly today you've brought An eighty's and ninety's.  Movies  that defined a generation. Few ", 'American founded when the popular site gets smacked by hackers. Stand -- movie director whose films captured the 1980s. And nineties has died. Meant ABC news headquarters this is world news. Charles Gibson. Good evening you ', 'The new  movie  take me home tonight congratulations. On your  movie  you produced as well around this period  John Hughes  films and I grew up wanted to the first  movie  about the eighties people about what  movies  they like could not ', "again so good song. Cash that's and that's a -- in the movie your character work. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- And then it goes in the sun because video we want -- certain -- is pleased. But life I think there are people watching who have never bought between -- video oratory and music in a -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Fact is he's done an -- store is a little bit of lake community married talk to people about what movies they like could not anymore. No I mean I'm sure there's the equivalent of that and a chat room somewhere that. -- ", "luminous young team He  director  Ted beautiful girls with together. Meanwhile it was  John Hughes  1988. Be the great outdoors that is such a fantastic  movie . I couldn't agree more based on a work in that  movie  can you still bent on ", "an assassin in the professional. She was a luminous young team He director Ted -- beautiful girls with Tim -- wait. Wheat fat yes. I'd heat the walking -- together. Meanwhile it was John Hughes 1988. Be the great outdoors from a -- I'm -- fraught with Dan Aykroyd and John can be. That brought Annette -- ", "old self while they shop that  John Hughes  written Dennis the Menace  movie . As a child actor I can only especially if it's your first  movie  you've ever done you know have in the forthcoming independent  movie . Golf in the kingdom. Long ", "looked out for his six year old self while they shop that John Hughes written Dennis the Menace movie . As a child actor I can only work eight hours a day. But in Walters contract He could only work eight hours a day also. So that it was never my fault. At the end of the day that we had to stop what -- all the money you made it. College. I gotta tell you paid my education it's -- the money is is is a misconception I think for a lot of people especially if it's your first movie you've ever done you know have we done a sequel or or even you know three of those then you know the money might have really been -- -- but I never made that much. Now 25 He soon to graduate but still hoping to restart his acting career in the forthcoming independent movie . Golf in the kingdom. Long way from -- mr. Wilson's. Absolutely absolutely. Yeah. Allen He wasn't the first choice to play the kid in 1990 -- Jerry Maguire. But two weeks into shooting Jonathan -- -- just five years old came in to meet the movie's stars. He comes and it opens the door and unity as a big Tom Cruise smiled sunglasses on and even said. I ", "John Hughes  died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular  movies  of the 1980s. And nineties.  Movies  that defined a generation. Few ruler the Barry Manilow know ", "John Hughes died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular movies of the 1980s. And nineties. Movies that defined a generation. Few ruler the Barry Manilow know that you read his wardrobe. How still. News was 59. In the "]