['headed troublemaker. Mason gamble says Walter Matthau always looked out for his six year old self while they shop that  John Hughes  written Dennis the Menace movie. As a child actor I can only work eight hours a day. But in Walters contract He could ', 'looked out for his six year old self while they shop that John Hughes written Dennis the Menace movie. As a child actor I can only work eight hours a day. But in Walters contract He ', "team He director Ted beautiful girls with Tim wait. Wheat fat yes. I'd heat the walking together. Meanwhile it was  John Hughes  1988. Be the great outdoors from a I'm fraught with Dan Aykroyd and John can be. That brought Annette to the big ", "Wheat fat yes. I'd heat the walking -- together. Meanwhile it was John Hughes 1988. Be the great outdoors from a -- I'm -- fraught with Dan Aykroyd and John can be. That brought Annette -- ", 'into the eighties great decade we outlet that. What do you like about it missed those films talk around this period  John Hughes  films and I grew up watching you know like sixteen candles the breakfast. Tuesday and and know how we can do one now ', 'like about it -- -- missed those films talk around this period John Hughes films and -- I grew up watching you know like sixteen candles the breakfast. -- Tuesday and and know how we can ', "they'll never have an opportunity to star in another  John Hughes  film the director died last summer. At the age of 59 right. Consistent very. And balance the beauty of  John .  Hughes  says the actors is that he managed to convey profound ", "chief regrets that they'll never have an opportunity to star in another John Hughes film the director died last summer. At the age of 59. It's it's profoundly. Shock. Me I just always assumed. That we would all work together in some way on something it wouldn't have to be a sequel. But that this same group that made that film would make another -- so that fact that one day he wasn't there anymore I was right. Consistent very. And balance the beauty of John . Hughes says the actors is that he managed to convey profound messages through humor in the case of The Breakfast Club the lesson ", "Breakfast stars are all grown up and ready to spill the secrets a little me. About what it was like filming the iconic  John Hughes  movie. What are we Rapid fire question best answered. Yeah yeah okay. Yeah I'm going yeah. had a great said it's ", "a little -- me. About what it was like filming the iconic John Hughes movie. What are we -- Rapid fire question best answered. Yeah yeah okay. Yeah -- I'm going yeah. -- had a great ", "John Hughes  died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular movies of the 1980s. And nineties. Movies that defined a generation ", "John Hughes died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular movies of the 1980s. And nineties. Movies that defined a generation. ", "Massachusetts historical society has just put all of postings on Twitter. And He already has thousands of followers.  John Hughes  died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular. An eighty's and ninety's. Movies that defined ", "of -- postings on Twitter. And He already has thousands of followers. John Hughes died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular. An eighty's and ninety's. Movies that defined a generation. Few learned ", "can't do something right and today I'm kind of a person and it's always gonna fight until Isn't easy dad Patrick  John Hughes  works the overnight shift UPS and you can be witnessed some the rest of the day. Question is eyes in class at all ", "person and it's always gonna fight until -- Isn't easy dad Patrick John Hughes works the overnight shift UPS and you can be witnessed some the rest of the day. Question is eyes in class at "]