['DuVernay. In 2012, DuVernay became the first black woman to win Best Director at the Sundance Film Festival. ( Kathryn Bigelow  is the first, and to date, the only, female director to win an Academy Award for Best Director for her film for The Hurt ', 'told during their opening monologue at the Golden Globes in which Poehler turned to "Zero Dark Thirty" director  Kathryn Bigelow  and said: "I haven\'t really been following the controversy over \'Zero Dark Thirty,\' but when it comes to torture ', "most thorough cinematic treatment yet of this country's decade-long hunt for Osama bin Laden. Whatever director  Kathryn Bigelow  intended - likely to make an interesting movie people would want to see and talk about (Mission accomplished ", "Hurt Locker - 2009 (Best Director, Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay) Before the Zero Dark Thirty hype,  Kathryn Bigelow 's claim to fame was being the first woman to win an Oscar for best director at the 2009 Academy Awards. Bigelow ", 'R-Ariz.) - asked the CIA to provide information about the details it gave Boal and "Zero Dark Thirty" director  Kathryn Bigelow  about the effort to find and later kill Osama bin Laden. BUZZ OBAMA, CLINTON ON U.S. FOREIGN POLICY: FOOLS RUSH ', 'R-Ariz.) - asked the CIA to provide information about the details it gave Boal and "Zero Dark Thirty" director  Kathryn Bigelow  about the effort to find and later kill Osama bin Laden. The trio also sent a letter to Sony Pictures Entertainment ', 'values are tested, but when something horrible and awful and undeserved happens that we truly know who we are. READ:  Kathryn Bigelow  Answers Critics on Torture The debate surrounding "Zero Dark Thirty" shouldn\'t be about whether the means of torture ', '(Image Credit: Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic/Getty Images) Director  Kathryn Bigelow  is once again responding to the criticism leveled at her for the depiction of torture in her Oscar-nominated film, "Zero Dark ', 'Locker" Best actress: Sandra Bullock, "The Blind Side" Best actor: Jeff Bridges, "Crazy Heart" Best director:  Kathryn Bigelow , "The Hurt Locker" Golden Globe winners Best picture (drama): "Avatar" Best actress (drama): Sandra Bullock ', 'through middle school." Full List of Winners Also during the opener, Poehler turned to "Zero Dark Thirty" director  Kathryn Bigelow  and said: "I haven\'t really been following the controversy over \'Zero Dark Thirty,\' but when it comes to torture ', 'Chastain won the Globe for best actress in a drama for "Zero Dark Thirty." She offered a moving tribute to director  Kathryn Bigelow , the first woman to win a best director Oscar who failed to get a nomination for that award this year, though ', 'Gordon, Mark Kamine, George Parra, Bob Weinstein and Harvey Weinstein. Zero Dark Thirty Director:  Kathryn Bigelow  Producers:  Kathryn Bigelow , Mark Boal, Matthew Budman, Megan Ellison, Jonathan Leven, Tabrez Noorani, Pravesh Sahni, Ted ', "exciting going on. zero dark thirty which Jesse scene for. And we are lucky enough to have the director. Zero thirty  Kathryn Bigelow  with us today. He's all and triumphs again. I I think this game I only see you when you're collecting awards ", "And we are lucky enough to have the director. Zero -- thirty Kathryn Bigelow with us today. He's all -- and triumphs again. I I think this game -- I only see you when you're collecting ", 'The Oscar winning filmmaker discusses the role of women in her Osama bin Laden Manhunt Movie', 'countdown to the Oscars director  Kathryn Bigelow  has a chance to make Hollywood Hollywood people used to think of  Kathryn Bigelow  as a great director who had yet work on Hurt Locker has given  Kathryn Bigelow  a chance to become the first ', "And now in our countdown to the Oscars director Kathryn Bigelow has a chance to make Hollywood history. She -- a fourth woman ever nominated for best director and she would be the first ever to win the award. It's for her gripping Iraq War film the Hurt Locker and Chris Connolly is live in Los Angeles where He said -- -- Bigelow and the -- screenwriter mark ball Chris. Good morning George I guess that here in Hollywood people used to think of Kathryn Bigelow as a great director who had yet to make a great -- But -- her lockers changed all that and put her in some pretty distinguished company. Her work on -- Hurt Locker has given Kathryn Bigelow a chance to become the first woman ever to win best director but in the category. She's competing against her ex husband. ", "What's the reception been like to filming in Washington circles. It's been. Very positive and I think it's you know opened up innocent avenues of discussion really important certainly mean personally. You feel like to discuss has been different as a result of it particularly the military folks who", "big money on a tuxedo rental what he so chooses.  Kathryn Bigelow  doesn't have to Wear heels either so surprising The biggest shock came and best director thirties  Kathryn Bigelow . Ben Affleck finally mrs. Tom Hooper were all passed ", "save big money on a tuxedo rental what he so chooses. -- Kathryn Bigelow doesn't have to Wear heels either so surprising -- Overall -- have to say the story was rebellion. Rebellion in the streets ", '-- The biggest shock came and best director -- -- -- thirties Kathryn Bigelow . -- -- Ben Affleck finally mrs. Tom Hooper were all passed over despite multiple nominations for all those films including best picture ', 'Kathryn Bigelow  and Mark Boal used first-hand accounts, but deny receiving classified information.', 'vs Hurt Locker and in the end Hurt Locker won big  Kathryn Bigelow  becoming the first woman director ever to get that director avatars James Cameron against his ex wife  Kathryn Bigelow  the Hurt Locker. Poised to become the first woman ', 'vs Hurt Locker and in the end -- Hurt Locker won big Kathryn Bigelow becoming the first woman director ever to get that prize. And they also the movie won the most coveted prize. Best picture. ', 'contest best director -- -- avatars James Cameron against his ex wife Kathryn Bigelow the Hurt Locker. Poised to become the first woman to win the award -- As another way to describe it is phenomenal ']