["Benghazi attack : State Department pushed for changes in the administration's talking points", 'Senior State Department officials pressed for changes in the talking points that U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice used after the deadly attack on the U.S. diplomatic missi...', 'After more than nine weeks of trying to reconcile their story line with that of the State Department and the CIA, the Pentagon finally released its timeline of the L...', 'Exclusive: Cable warning of Benghazi  consulate vulnerability would have gone to White House, officials say', 'Current and former intelligence officials tell Fox News that a classified State Department cable sent Aug. 16 -- and which said the Benghazi consulate could not defe...', 'Unanswered questions over Benghazi  consulate attack fuel fierce partisan election-year debate', 'The deadly military-style assault on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, has raised numerous foreign policy and national security questions and fueled a fierce, p...', 'News that the IRS targeted conservative groups for intense scrutiny is just one in a series of revelations pointing to a culture of expediency and intolerance in the...', "(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)VICTORIA NULAND, STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESWOMAN: From this podium I'm not going to be speaking about any aspect of the requirement to bring to justic...", 'Rep. Steve Stockman, (R-Texas), on the NSA scandal and the investigation into the  Benghazi attack .', 'Former military head says it was quickly clear terrorists behind Benghazi  consulate attack', 'The former head of U.S. forces in Africa, General Carter Ham, told the Aspen Security Forum that it quickly became clear the assault on the American consulate in Ben...', 'EXCLUSIVE: Jailed filmmaker vows to finish film wrongly blamed for Benghazi attack ', "EXCLUSIVE: The controversial filmmaker whose crude Internet trailer was wrongly blamed by the White House for sparking last year's deadly Benghazi attack vowed to fi...", 'Though acknowledging "deficiencies and inadequacies" in the State Department\'s procedures prior to the Sept. 11 attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, Hill...', 'EXCLUSIVE: Benghazi  hero fought alongside fallen SEALs, still recovering at Walter Reed', 'One of the most severely wounded survivors of the Benghazi terror attack, Diplomatic Security agent David Ubben, risked his life to help save his fellow Americans, a...', "The resurgent controversy over the Obama administration's initial story-line on the Benghazi attack underscores State Department concerns about the leadership's fail...", 'Benghazi  emails show State Department had heavy hand in watering down account of attack', 'State Department officials repeatedly objected to -- and tried to water down -- references to Islamic extremist groups and prior security warnings in the administrat...', 'The Ansar al Sharia Brigade, the Islamist terror group linked to the Sept. 11, 2012, attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, continues to operate freely ...']