["Carolina-based home furnishings company that markets  Paula Deen 's furniture line is sticking with the embattled Furniture International will continue to market the  Paula Deen  Home Collection.  Deen  has been under fire since the revelation earlier ", "Carolina-based home furnishings company that markets  Paula Deen 's furniture line is sticking with the embattled Furniture International will continue to market the  Paula Deen  Home Collection.  Deen  has been under fire since the revelation earlier ", "Carolina-based home furnishings company that markets  Paula Deen 's furniture line is sticking with the embattled Furniture International will continue to market the  Paula Deen  Home Collection.  Deen  has been under fire since the revelation earlier ", 'by Sarah Young (Thomas Nelson Publishers) 3. "Lean In" by Sheryl Sandberg (Knopf) 4. " Paula Deen \'s Southern Cooking Bible" by  Paula Deen  with Melissa Clark (Simon & Schuster) 5. "StrengthsFinder 2.0" by Tom Rath (Gallup Press ', 'to extort embattled celebrity cook  Paula Deen . Federal court documents show Thomas charges Paculis with trying to extort  Deen  of $200,000 in exchange for keeping quiet about allegedly damaging remarks  Deen  has made in the past. Details on ', 'the scene last summer as a backwoods celebration of mischief-making, fart jokes and dietary excess that would rattle  Paula Deen . It returns Wednesday at 9 p.m. EDT with more of the same. Set in tiny McIntyre, Ga., the show continues to plunder ', 'comic about embattled celebrity chef  Paula Deen  at the urging of her fans. The Food the "hurtful language" she used.  Paula Deen  Hires Legal Team of Heavy Hitters the company first reached out to  Paula Deen  about six months ago. When asked ', 'rules and policies that they claim are inhumane. 4.  Paula Deen  Hires New Legal Team After cutting ties with her longtime agent last week,  Paula Deen  has hired a new legal team, one of the lead lawyers ', 'After cutting ties with her longtime agent last week,  Paula Deen , 66, has hired a new legal team, one of the lead lawyers chef and author. See More on the Companies That Dropped  Deen Deen  has called on Grace Speights, managing partner for Morgan ', 'to prevent harassment, age and race discrimination and retaliation. Read More About 12 Companies That Cut Ties With  Paula Deen  According to the suit, "The Caucasian Target managers regularly used racial slurs while addressing plaintiffs and other ', 'dollars from former Food Network star  Paula Deen  was arrested today by federal authorities and damning" statements made by  Deen  to the media unless the celebrity Companies That Have Cut Ties With  Paula Deen  The FBI said it was notified by  Deen \'s ', 'in endorsements , celebrity chef  Paula Deen  has cut ties with agent Barry Weiner, ABC News confirmed. " Paula Deen  has separated from her agent the companies that cut ties with  Paula Deen  The lawsuit, in which  Deen \'s testimony ', 'little that remains of  Paula Deen \'s crumbling empire in forthcoming cookbook, " Paula Deen \'s New Testament: 250 Jackson\'s lawyer asked  Deen  whether she\'d ever used Network will not renew  Paula Deen \'s contract when it expires ', 'everybody looking at the empty seat this morning.  Paula deen  fired by the food network over the weekend and, you this and sol of us have been affected by this, not the  paula deen  case but one of the stories about the power of social ', "land. Like old -- everybody looking at the empty seat this morning. Paula deen fired by the food network over the weekend and, you know, over those comments she made in the lawsuit, but turns out a backlash against the food network online almost immediately. What's interesting about this and sol of us have been affected by this, not the paula deen case but one of the stories about the power of social media. But right now the back and forth with her fans ", "tonight, another blow for celebri  paula deen . The biggest store in the world I'm heartbroken. Reporter:  Paula deen  told nbc it was 30 years ago when are ending our relationship with  paula deen  enterprises. Today, caesars casinos ", "In the news tonight, another blow for celebri paula deen . The biggest store in the world, walmart, has just become the latest company to sever ties. And this, on a day deen made a plea for a second chance. Abc's steve osunsami. I want people to know who i am. Reporter: It was her most emotional and defensive moment yet. Southern cooking's most successful businesswoman breaking down into tears, trying to save her brand. I'm not an actress. I'm heartbroken. Reporter: Paula deen told nbc it was 30 years ago when she last used a racial slur. If there's anyone out there that has never ", "weren't enough, and they announced, quote, we are ending our relationship with paula deen enterprises. Today, caesars casinos left her, too, closing her restaurants. I'm so happy to be showing y'all my new stoneware. Reporter: At ", 'can move on yet. Reporter: But the sun is still shining on paula deen . Tonight, advance sales of her latest cook book are up by more than 1,000%. Steve osunsami, abc news, atlanta. ', "pretty shocking revelations from  paula deen , responding to a lawsuit by a former lawsuit with a former employee,  paula deen  is now fighting accusations that derogatory. There's a potential for  paula deen 's career to collapse like a b bad ", 'with those pretty shocking revelations from paula deen , responding to a lawsuit by a former employee, accusing the icon of using racist slurs. Reporter: She\'s written 14 best-selling cookbooks as the queen of a nearly $16 million empire. And the self-described face of southern cooking and all things butter. In an ongoing lawsuit with a former employee, paula deen is now fighting accusations that she secretly erases. In newly-released transcripts from her deposition last month, deen is asked, quote, have you ever used the "n" word yourself? Yes, of course, she says. Later, she says, I\'m sure I have but it\'s been a long time. And she suggested to an assistant that she hire middle-aged black men to dress up in jackets and bow ties for a plantation wedding. She said she didn\'t mean anything derogatory. There\'s a potential for paula deen\'s career to collapse like a b bad souffle right now. Reporter: Deen is being sued by a former employee, saying deen\'s brother racially harassed emoyees and deen knew but did nothing about it. Aside from their restaurant in savannah, they weren\'t taking it well. I don\'t like black people pot roast. And lynchen lemonade. In an statement, her attorneys say ms. Deen doesn\'t condone or find the use of racial epithetss acceptable. Her lawyers threatened to go public if deen didn\'t settle. Overnight, the food network, home to deen\'s cooking shows, says it does not tolerate any form of discrimination and will continue to monitor the situation. For "good morning america," ', "t treatment, axiron. To the case involving  paula deen  and the surprising admission that she has used a racial Already on the radio and online they're asking for  paula deen  to turn in her a upon. In her on going lawsuit with ", "t treatment, axiron. To the case involving paula deen and the surprising admission that she has used a racial slur in the past. The reaction is growing and why dean could be in hot water tonight. Reporter: Already on the radio and online they're asking for paula deen to turn in her a upon. In her on going lawsuit with a former employee, the self-described cook of all things butter ", "from the head of that food empire,  paula deen . Her tv shows, cookbooks, endorsements brand. Everybody is up in arms about  paula deen . Reporter: Late today, the food network announced it will not renew  paula deen 's contract when it expires at the ", "that rare public apology coming from the head of that food empire, paula deen . Her tv shows, cookbooks, endorsements, much of it in jeopardy tonight. She's feeling the heat tonight. Late today a bold move, dean ", "words were tough on her brand. Everybody is up in arms about paula deen . Reporter: Late today, the food network announced it will not renew paula deen's contract when it expires at the end of this month. I beg you, my children, my team, my fans, my partners, i ", 'The star chef apologized to customers after admitting in a deposition to using racist language.', "Let me chef Paula dean's attempted damage control backfiring and spectacular fashion. Dean who is one of the top stars on the Food Network posted not one but to walk poorly edited videos online apologizing for racist comments she made in the past. Moments later the network announced it won't be"]