['for younger audiences to see it. "Bully" director  Lee Hirsch  successfully negotiated with the MPAA to keep in a key release on April 13. ABC News had first followed director  Lee Hirsch  while he was still making "Bully" in 2010, and spent ', 'there because it\'s real. It\'s what the children who are victims of bullying face on most days," film director  Lee Hirsch  said in a statement. "All of our supporters see that, and we\'re grateful for the support we\'ve received across ', "is scheduled to open in theaters March 30, according to the film's website. The film's producer and director,  Lee Hirsch , praised Butler's courage in heading the viral campaign to see that junior-high and high school students have freer ", 'was the revelation that Tyler\'s death was openly mocked in school by the bullies and other classmates, according to  Lee Hirsch , a documentary filmmaker who has spent the last year examining bullying in America. "Other students, including some ', "that's all from only. A lot of hunter. Missing I don't feel anything more. Here with us this morning is filmmaker  Lee Hirsch  along with Alex Libby and his mother Jackie featured in the documentary because of the relentless bullying Alex experienced ", "I don't feel anything more. Here with us this morning is filmmaker Lee Hirsch along with Alex Libby and his mother Jackie -- -- featured in the documentary because of the relentless bullying Alex experienced. And ", "things make you feel federal loan. hunter. Missing I don't feel anything more. Here with us this morning is filmmaker  Lee Hirsch  along with Alex Libby and his mother Jackie were featured in the documentary because the relentless bullying Alex experienced ", "I don't feel anything more. Here with us this morning is filmmaker Lee Hirsch along with Alex Libby and his mother Jackie were featured in the documentary because -- the relentless bullying Alex experienced. And David ", "things make you feel federal loan. hunter. Missing I don't feel anything more. Here with us this morning is filmmaker  Lee Hirsch  along with Alex Libby and his mother Jackie were featured in the documentary because the relentless bullying Alex experienced ", "I don't feel anything more. Here with us this morning is filmmaker Lee Hirsch along with Alex Libby and his mother Jackie were featured in the documentary because -- the relentless bullying Alex experienced. And David ", "attacked in our schools every single day I was bullied kid.  Lee Hirsch  is the director who made bully. It's deeply personal now the rating for belief. We joined Alex Libby and  Lee Hirsch  and belongs people who are part of fully. First screening ", "attacked in our schools every single day I was bullied -- kid. Lee Hirsch is the director who made bully. It's deeply personal and. I want introduce you guys to Alex. Kids because you're going -- ", 'the rating for belief. -- -- -- We joined Alex Libby and Lee Hirsch and belongs -- people who are part of fully. First screening in Washington DC for them and for so many others they ', "straight into the nightmare reality that millions of our children live every single day. Because this. Google yeah for  Lee Hirsch  the director this is more than a movie. Our goal is that we've we've we've felt very simple call stop boring speak ", "-- -- -- -- -- -- -- Because this. Google yeah for Lee Hirsch the director this is more than a movie. Our goal is that we've we've we've felt very simple call -- -- stop ", "dumb movie rated PG thirteen some it's time has come. You've really started something we were made of lots of us  Lee Hirsch  the director of bully was a victim himself as a kid and he hopes this movie can be a call to action this generation of ", "come. You've really started something we were made of lots of us Lee Hirsch the director of bully was a victim himself as a kid and he hopes this movie can be a call to action ", "Okay. The thing that I think was so hard it was seeing so many families and kids. That just can't get. Hurt. And  Lee Hirsch  has spent the past year working on the bully project role playing me people leaning their hands off. headed in the homes ", "seeing so many families and kids. That just can't get. Hurt. And Lee Hirsch has spent the past year working on the bully project -- -- role playing me people leaning their hands off. -- headed "]