["Unknown attackers fired a rocket at the UAE embassy in Tripoli Thursday but it caused little damage and no casualties, Libya's interior ministry said, in the latest ...", '"Multiple" suspects are in custody connected to the deadly terrorist attack Sept. 11 on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, but U.S. access to the suspects so far...', 'The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has subpoenaed the leading security official at the U.S. consulate in Libya for an upcoming hearing, an attemp...', 'Senate report: FBI, CIA, intelligence officials caused confusing Benghazi  explanations', 'The attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, last week appeared to be a joint operation orchestrated by an Al Qaeda affiliate in North Africa and the Islamis...', 'Former US commander in Libya  says Army unit never told to stand down during Benghazi attack ', "The former commander of a four-member Army special forces unit in Tripoli, Libya, says he was never told to stand down during last year's deadly assault on the U.S. ...", 'The remains of the four Americans who were killed in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in eastern Libya were returned Friday, in a solemn ceremony at Joint Base Andre...', "Rep. Frank Wolf, R-Va., is calling on the Obama administration to explain why the survivors of last year's deadly attack in Benghazi, Libya, were reportedly asked to...", 'Documents show Stevens worried about Libya  security threats, Al Qaeda before consulate attack', 'Across 166 pages of internal State Department documents -- released Friday by a pair of Republican congressmen pressing the Obama administration for more answers on ...', "Clinton takes responsibility for consulate security, blames confusion on 'fog of war'", 'Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took responsibility Monday night for any security failures leading up to the consulate attack last month in Libya that killed the ...', "State Department hasn't ruled out role of anti-Islam video in Libya  strike, sources say", 'The State Department has not ruled out the possibility that the deadly terrorist attacks on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, were motivated by an anti-Islamic ...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," October 31, 2012. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MICHAEL MUKASEY, FORME...', "A mob enraged by a film ridiculing Islam's prophet killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans in a fiery attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi....", 'House chairman subpoenas State Department documents on Benghazi attack  talking points', 'The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee issued subpoenas on Tuesday for State Department documents related to the widely debunked talking...', 'The Pentagon on Tuesday defended its initial response to the terrorist attack on U.S. facilities in Benghazi, Libya, denying claims by a Fox News source that the mil...']