["Nigella Lawson Husband Wants Divorce, Upset She Didn't Defend Him Amid Choking Flap", "Famous chef's husband denies allegations he choked her after controversial photos surfaced.", 'begin with the latest of the photos of celebrity chef,  nigella lawson , and her husband, saatchi. Different explanations of sunday people," say this was no innocent tiff between  nigella lawson  and her husband. Instead, in a new column for the paper ', 'We begin with the latest of the photos of celebrity chef, nigella lawson , and her husband, saatchi. Different explanations of what was going on at that restaurant. Paula faris has the details. Reporter: This morning, the photographer who took this shocking photo on the cover of britain\'s "sunday people," say this was no innocent tiff between nigella lawson and her husband. Instead, in a new column for the paper, he calls it, quote, 27 minutes of madness. What I saw ', "questions raised about a celebrity  nigella lawson  with her husband's hand wrapped around celebrity chef it's a shocking image,  nigella lawson  with her husband's hand at her throat of domestic violence. For her part  nigella lawson  isn't saying she's one of them ", "Some serious questions raised about a celebrity nigella lawson with her husband's hand wrapped around her throat in a restaurant packed with diners. Should one of them step in? When should you stop what looks like abuse. Reporter: Even if she was not a beloved celebrity chef it's a shocking image, nigella lawson with her husband's hand at her throat during a fight at a london restaurant. After a british tabloid wlished photos he insisted ", "one in four women are victims of domestic violence. For her part nigella lawson isn't saying she's one of them. She's left town. Tonight british police are investigating whether there may be sufficient evidence to charge ", "you go. We talk about it and I had to go through the kind of thing acknowledging I was indeed 18 years old. How they figured that out, i don't quite know. Unabridged version. Wardrobe. Good analysis.  Nigella lawson , you all saw the", "figured that out, i don't quite know. Unabridged version. Wardrobe. Good analysis. Nigella lawson , you all saw the ", 'of the muscle tissue in the heart. Everyone sending thoughts of him tonight. A new twist for the powerhouse star chef  nigella lawson . Today woe learned her husband is filing for divorce on the heels of those photos grabbing headlines, saatchi with his ', 'thoughts of him tonight. A new twist for the powerhouse star chef nigella lawson . Today woe learned her husband is filing for divorce on the heels of those photos grabbing headlines, saatchi with his hand on ', "All right. We're back, now, with  nigella lawson , known for great comfort food. Making classic dishes with a twist. Her new book, your ninth book, i understand. Do them well ", "All right. We're back, now, with nigella lawson , known for great comfort food. Making classic dishes with a twist. Her new book, your ninth book, i understand. Do them well, ", 'Our person of the week is reigning superstar. Of great food and living as you know which news Nigel Lawson is an author cook glamorous sensation. And you may have seen her lately on the new ABC food contest called taste. But before you meet her take a look at this promotional picture for the show.']