['account called @MichellesBangs. "This is my midlife crisis. The bangs," Obama joked on an episode of the " Rachael Ray Show ." The first lady even tried downplaying her fringe on her most recent visit to "Good Morning America," when ', 'could make them. She also said her husband is a good father. MORE: Gwyneth Paltrow Defends Her Cookbook on \'The  Rachael Ray Show \' "Regardless of what happens in our marriage, I chose the best father," she said of Martin. "He is so good ', 'first stop will be in Clinton, Miss. on Wednesday when she appears at an event highlighting healthy school lunches with  Rachael Ray . "I\'m going back to Mississippi because when I first went there, Mississippi was considered one of the most unhealthy ', 'popular musical. Recipe: Julia Child\'s Beef Bourguignon  Rachael Ray \'s Crabby Guacamole What better way to celebrate the short Guacamole" than with a heaping pile of the stuff? Recipe:  Rachael Ray \'s Crabby Guacamole Eat-Clean Diet\'s Baba Ghanoush Spread ', 'announcement could be made as early as this week. 5. Michelle Obama Talks \'Mid-Life Crisis\' First Lady Michelle Obama told  Rachael Ray  in a taped interview slated to air Wednesday that her decision to get bangs and a new haircut were inspired by a "mid-life ', 'This is my mid-life crisis, the bangs," the First Lady, 49, said in a preview clip for Wednesday\'s " Rachael Ray Show ." "I couldn\'t get a sports car. They won\'t let me bungee jump. So instead, I cut my bangs." The First ', 'This is my mid-life crisis, the bangs," the First Lady, 49, said in a preview clip for Wednesday\'s " Rachael Ray Show ." "I couldn\'t get a sports car. They won\'t let me bungee jump. So instead, I cut my bangs." The First ', 'Bangs First lady Michelle Obama opened up today about what had inspired her to get those bold new bangs. Obama joked with  Rachael Ray , saying "This is my midlife crisis. I couldn\'t get a sports car. They won\'t let me bungee jump - so instead, I cut ', "Buffalo Chicken Pizza Leftover: Doritos chips Solution: Charles Gibson's Enchilada Casserole Leftover: Pretzels Solution:  Rachael Ray 's Pretzel-Crusted Chicken Leftover : Burritos Solution: Sandra Lee's Burrito Casserole Leftover: BBQ sauce Solution ", "Michael Symon's Spicy Sausage Sliders  Rachael Ray 's 7-Layer Sliders Piled high with guacamole, salsa and sour cream,  Rachael Ray 's 7-layer sliders are the ultimate football food. Recipe:  Rachael Ray 's 7-Layer Sliders Josh Capon's ", 'from toilet paper to wrapping paper -- and Ann trailing along behind him. Before the election, Ann Romney talked with  Rachel Ray  about her love for Costco when shopping to feed all 30 family members. Costco founder James Sinegal endorsed President Obama ', "Instant Index: Chris Christie on 'SNL,' Sandy's Silent Victims Get Help, 007 Visits Troops in Afghanistan", 'Helen Woodward animal shelter in San Diego. Meanwhile, the ASPCA, with help from a $500,000 donation from celebrity chef  Rachael Ray  has opened a 20,000-square-foot shelter for animals whose owners are unable to care for them while they rebuild their ', 'four-legged friends arrived safely to their new home. While the orphaned pets were adapting to their new home, celebrity chef  Rachael Ray  and the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals opened a 20,000 square foot shelter in New York to help ', 'Star of "The  Rachael Ray Show " also prepares her sweet corn soup to round out her Tex-Mex meal.', "Goes on yeah. And  Rachael Ray  is here today of the new twist on the classic classics. All those on his on we're gonna be today. Their own little free yeah ", "Goes on yeah. And Rachael Ray is here today of the new twist on the classic -- classics. All those on his -- on -- we're gonna be ", "showed five tweets during this time period on topics of wedding anniversary ideas and her upcoming appearance on the  rachael ray show . But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they post automatically. Alec baldwin used profine and racist language ", "on topics of wedding anniversary ideas and her upcoming appearance on the rachael ray show . But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they post automatically. Alec baldwin used profine and racist language. Even threatening. I'm going to ", 'All right say two words  Rachael Ray  and then you can just magazine every day with  Rachael Ray  and now as you know this New hat talk show host  Rachel ray  check your local listings everybody super chef  Rachael Ray  is here this and yes ', "All right say two words Rachael Ray and then you can just -- the blank her sixteenth cook book hits the shelves this fall she's got four top rated shows on the Food Network. -- -- editor Jim Hoover and -- -- like him right now she's -- cheaper for our magazine every day with Rachael Ray and now as you know this week. New hat talk show host Rachel ray check your local listings everybody super chef Rachael Ray is here this and yes and start -- for -- -- -- -- So great to be there for -- to be ", 'food I mean this is the food that you wrote these rescues this week but this in your home. In an episode of the  Rachael Ray show  airing later today actress Gwyneth Paltrow is taking on the growing controversy. Over a New York Times article called ', 'week but this -- in your home. In an episode of the Rachael Ray show airing later today actress Gwyneth Paltrow is taking on the growing controversy. Over a New York Times article called. I was a ', 'Rachael Ray  set out of the last searching for the best cook in America and an for recipes five finalists came here to New York to battle it out on the  Rachael Ray show  and now one woman has been named the champion she is Jim Thomas. And ', "Rachael Ray set out of the last searching for the best cook in America and an -- -- for some -- -- kits and of the country's finest restaurants but for real kitchens and homes all across and -- US today thousands. Up. Submitted recipes five finalists came here to New York to battle it out on the Rachael Ray show and now one woman has been named the champion she is Jim Thomas. And has a recipe for lasagna. To meet. -- "]