['could not go forward with the title for its upcoming  Lee Daniels \' White House drama. In the MPAA\'s title registry the Weinstein Co. will be allowed to use the title " Lee Daniels \' The Butler," which the company said it would immediately ', 'bathroom. "My brother was a monster to me," she told Essence. "I became my brother" when "Precious" director  Lee Daniels  would say, "Action." Despite her apprehension about going public, Mo\'Nique told Essence, "It\'s my obligation ', 'Lifeclass." As for her Broadway aspirations, Winfrey\'s next stop on her path to the stage is a new movie directed by  Lee Daniels  about a White House butler who served eight U.S. presidents. The film, in theaters next year, has Oprah starring ', 'Director Lee Daniels  Says Mariah Carey Is A Complete Psychotic Diva! He Means It In The Best Way Possible Of Course', 'big-name directors who\'s currently filming there,  Lee Daniels , to get the scoop on his latest movie, The Butler with such a legendary, stellar ensemble. Thank you  Lee Daniels ." Awwwww...I would have cast her as a stripper having ', "Mitt Romney to ABC on Bernanke and Libya, Obama and Allies, An Obama v. Romney Fist Fight Poll?, Let's Print Some Dough! (PM Note)", 'into thinking it\'s a photo from the archives. Oprah Winfrey tweeted a photo of herself and "Precious" director  Lee Daniels  posing with Jane Fonda, who uncannily resembles Nancy Reagan during her White House days. http://abcn.ws/TY7CQu ', 'into thinking it\'s a photo from the archives. Oprah Winfrey tweeted a photo of herself and "Precious" director  Lee Daniels  posing with Jane Fonda, who uncannily resembles Nancy Reagan during her White House days. Fonda stars in Daniels upcoming ', 'without makeup and showing off her many wigs. The OWN network CEO is currently filming \'The Butler\' directed by  Lee Daniels  in New Orleans and the wigs are for her character Gloria Gaines. "Me and my "girls " in the makeup trailer," the ', 'found work recently and was filming two movies, one with Charles S. Dutton and the other with "Precious" director  Lee Daniels . Since her arrest, "Wire" creator David Simon has come to her defense. In a blog posted on Slate.com, he wrote ', 'Sapphire." "My brother was a monster to me," she told Essence magazine. "I became my brother" when director  Lee Daniels  called "action" on the set. Her performance earned her kudos, along with an Academy Award and Golden Globe award ', 'only Latifah has found steady work on the big and small screen. "It\'s going to take another person kind of like a  Lee Daniels  to think outside the box a little bit," said Bradley Jacobs, a senior editor at Us Weekly, referring to the Oscar-nominated ', 'James Cameron ("Avatar") Jason Reitman ("Up in the Air") Quentin Tarantino ("Inglourious Basterds")  Lee Daniels  ("Precious") Best Animated Feature Film "Coraline" "Fantastic Mr. Fox" "The Princess and the Frog" "The Secret ', "him feed she. The movie comes from a director named  Lee Daniels . Who was the producer of monster's ball and which feel. Here. Welcome to the show. Galbraith that.  Lee Daniels . Have made a movie called precious with a colon with ", "hold him feed -- she. The movie comes from a director named Lee Daniels . Who was the producer of monster's ball and which Halley Berry won. The first Oscar for best actress ever won by an ", "'cause it make you feel. Here. Welcome to the show. Galbraith that. Lee Daniels . Have made a movie called precious with a colon with based on the novel push by sapphire you need to explain that ", "are joined by the movie's Oscar nominated director  Lee Daniels  to tell us about his work week thanks so much for being she's acting. She's a and she's a fantastic actress  Lee Daniels  thank you so much has been such a pleasure thank you ", "her. Today we are joined by the movie's Oscar nominated director -- Lee Daniels to tell us about his work week thanks so much for being here today it's wonderful to see you thank you for ", "to scare she's acting. She's a -- and she's a fantastic actress Lee Daniels thank you so much has been such a pleasure thank you very much news today. And of course we wish you in ", 'washington and still do, are familiar with eugene hall, that was the butler, that lived through eight presidents. And  lee daniels , director, saw a story in "the washington post" is creating the screen play. We see you with forest whitaker rightthere ', 'eugene hall, that was the butler, that lived through eight presidents. And lee daniels , director, saw a story in "the washington post" is creating the screen play. We see you with forest whitaker rightthere. My husband. ', 'directing. James Cameron for avatar. Kathryn Bigelow for the Hurt Locker. Quinton Tarantino bring glorious afternoon.  Lee Daniels  for precious. And Jason Reitman for up in the year I was fifty thank you. For best original screenplay the nominees ', 'avatar. Kathryn Bigelow for the Hurt Locker. Quinton Tarantino bring glorious afternoon. Lee Daniels for precious. And Jason Reitman for up in the year I was fifty thank you. For best original screenplay the nominees are. ', "challenging place so that people responded to it is a real tribute to your performance and makes performance and the way  Lee Daniels  put the movie together. Absolutely we're having we're gonna go along for the ride because we're at a Leon it's ", "real tribute to your performance and -- makes performance and the way Lee Daniels put the movie together. Absolutely we're having we're gonna go along for the ride because we're at a Leon it's gonna be "]