['historians. The  documentary  filmmaker  Ken Burns  can thank you Helped create our  jazz  music. Help create mean if someone  baseball  Jackie Robinson hope of earth.  Ken Burns  thank you so much extraordinary  documentary  filmmaker and ', "We are joined by. One of America's most renowned historians. The documentary filmmaker Ken Burns can thank you for being here today we greatly appreciated and I wanna start with that piece of sound of Barack Obama ", 'immediately lose or no police say. The last best hope of earth. Ken Burns thank you so much for being here today extraordinary documentary filmmaker and great American historian we really do appreciate your insights thank you very much my pleasure things happen again. ', 'it about that in him. We finish this  civil war  series seventeen years ago in 1990 and as a country ourselves to the American  civil war . We like to see ourselves as emotional in the war had really affected us to  civil war . And so for most of the 1990s we turned ', 'of the war -- -- painful it is to acknowledge. To a documentary setting and so you -- there is a blunt estimate that this is not a pretty thing and I think. That particularly ', "broadcasting public media guys that can't be done anywhere else and you can Begin with my films. No CPP in a  civil war  in the CPP no history of  baseball  you know history checks every single film that I made would not have been me. In the marketplace it ", 'else and you can Begin with my films. No CPP in a civil war in the CPP no history of baseball -- -- you know history checks every single film that I made would not have been me. In the marketplace it look. ', "are pictures of the  national parks  and I think get a conjunction with the  Ken burns '  baseball documentary  it's it's a beautiful compilation of  baseball  photos. And this the legendary  director  album Hitchcock ", "hit it pretty well. But it was published in conjunction with the Ken burns' baseball documentary it's it's a beautiful compilation of baseball photos. And this -- the legendary director album Hitchcock. It this is time to and commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of Psycho -- He completed started an -- you guys ", 'about some aspects of the past we have to be very careful the  civil war  involved four million. Human beings that were owned by other we can see reflected. In almost everything. Aspects of the  civil war  expect continuing. Nationwide Italian democracy happy coming ', 'some aspects of the past we have to be very careful the civil war involved four million. Human beings that were owned by other evenings in the country and it cleared for the world economic and ', 'so we can see -- reflected. In almost everything. Aspects of the civil war -- expect continuing. Nationwide Italian -- democracy happy coming years. ', "Shelton Johnson America's  national parks  also speak the truth. They African Americans that the  national parks . That's where white people place he's featured in a new  Ken Burns documentary  on  national parks  and travels to classrooms ", "imagine not being in the other place he's featured in a new Ken Burns documentary on national parks and travels to classrooms to talk about its message -- the only. African Americans are pretty sure isn't it but He is ", "are all and correct order the Brooklyn Bridge. This bridge is awesome what can say about it tonight he ever seen  Ken burns '  documentary  on the Brooklyn Bridge to building one what's fascinating things in the world. Report work even invented. The ", "is awesome what can say about it tonight -- he ever seen Ken burns' documentary on the Brooklyn Bridge to building -- -- -- one what's fascinating things in the world. Report -- work even invented. The ", 'and feminine strength. And there are historians who think he simply turn to the face of his mother. This is a  documentary  from  Ken Burns  it was rumored all over France that the statue was modeled after the face of mark mother. And the body of his ', 'he simply turn to the face of his mother. This is a documentary from Ken Burns it was rumored all over France that the statue was modeled after the face of mark -- mother. And the body of ', "the tonight has been. Around for like five and after years or maybe it's just because I've been watching the  Ken burns '  documentary . I'd be seeing this on PBS. late night war. The late night war of 20092010. The damage to the national broadcasting ", "and after years or maybe it's just because I've been watching the Ken burns' documentary . I'd be seeing this on PBS. -- -- -- late night war. The late night war of 20092010. -- -- -- The "]