['you don\'t already know him,  Rick Bayless  is a well-known chef, television including an SFist post titled "  Rick Bayless  Bored By S.F. Food Scene " and an editorial piece in OC Weekly, "  Rick Bayless  Insults Yet Another California ', "are a thing of the past. Top your dog with this ultimate mac and cheese recipe and then plant yourself on the couch.  Rick Bayless ' Chipotle-Glazed Baby Back Ribs After being rubbed in spices and grilled, glaze these ribs with honey and chipotle ", 'chipotle chili powder in a small bowl. Pour out onto a small plate to use for rimming beer glasses. Recipe courtesy of  Rick Bayless . When Life Gives You Lemons ... 1 ounce of Ketel One vodka 1 ounce of lemon confit 3 ounces of hefeweizen 1 teaspoon ', "bit.ly/UCRaIi @Ari_Shapiro : I'm not ashamed to have memorized which gates at O'Hare have tortas by @ rick _ bayless  . So worth the detour. @mlcalderone : Must-read for WaPo newsroom: @dankennedy_nu 's 2001 piece on Marty Baron ", "celebrity cooks are now regulars at the White House -- President Obama's state dinners have been helmed by the likes of  Rick Bayless  and Marcus Samuelsson -- ABCNews.com reached out to some of New York's famous chefs to find out what they'd make ", "tasty finger-foods and here are our favorites. Together they'd make the perfect menu for the beginning of fall.  Rick Bayless ' Coconut Lime Ceviche Serve this light ceviche first at your party. If you don't want to use all of the coconut ", "crunchy tortilla chips. Made with 5 ingredients, this is an easy way to celebrate the holiday without a ton of work.  Rick Bayless ' Spicy Jicama, Cucumber and Fruit Skewers These fruit skewers are Mexican street food at its finest. If you can't ", 'Ketchup from Skillet , a food truck based in Seattle, and this delicious Chipotle Pumpkin Salsa from the kitchen of  Rick Bayless  and Frontera . Popcorn Popcorn was popping up around every corner and two of my favorites were this Black Truffle ', 'Chicago\'s O\'Hare airport and plans to open a second outlet in Terminal 3 in May. It\'s the creation of celebrity chef  Rick Bayless , who operates three other top Chicago restaurants. He says he aims to "set a new standard for what airport food should ', "bounty into the dishes he created at Drechsler's Metropolis and Erwin, and then later for award-winning chef  Rick Bayless  at  Topolobampo . He eventually decided to open his own restaurant, and in 1997, he and a business partner opened Blackbird ", 'clear that Chef  Rick Bayless  knows a thing since 2003  Bayless  has authored wife, Deann,  Bayless  runs  Frontera Grill  and  Topolobampo  in Chicago the Year.  Bayless  also has become July 2010.  Rick Bayless  grew up with ', "Exclusives: Diet, Entertaining and More Entertaining 'Porch Parties,' by Denise Gee 'Fiesta at Rick's,' by  Rick Bayless  Diet 'Now Eat This,' by Rocco DiSpirito 'Cook This, Not That,' by David Zinczenko and Matt Goulding More Web ", 'the kitchen especially when it comes to Mexican cuisine. In fact he literally wrote the book on it. Several of them.  Bayless  who also hosts the PBS series Mexico one plated time burned several restaurants in Chicago learn Nightline caught up with ', 'In fact he literally wrote the book on it. Several of them. Bayless who also hosts the PBS series Mexico one plated time burned several restaurants in Chicago learn Nightline caught up with him for ', "Sharon trying to get their hardest things stand first and  Rick Bayless  is used to serving up sensational dinners. He America's their date nights at his Chicago restaurants. And denied  Bayless  who grew up his parents' barbecue restaurant is the ", "-- -- -- trying to get their hardest things stand first and Rick Bayless is used to serving up sensational dinners. He -- America's top chef masters on Bravo and one over the Obama -- when they used to spend their date nights at his Chicago restaurants. And denied Bayless who grew up -- his parents' barbecue restaurant is the guest chef at the White House state dinner. As the president and "]