['bar, sources told the Las Vegas Review Journal . The alleged photo has since been removed from Kelsall\'s page.  Shanna Moakler , executive director of Miss Nevada USA, said Kelsall isn\'t at risk of losing her crown. "The Miss Nevada USA ', 'had to come up with something special for the anniversary celebration of drummer Travis Barker and former Miss USA  Shanna Moakler . She learned their wedding theme had been inspired by the movie Nightmare Before Christmas, so she and staffers ', 'tolerant," Christina Prejean says, adding that she only recently got involved in gay rights activism. April 29:  Shanna Moakler , former co-executive director of the Miss California Miss USA pageant, confirms reports that the Miss California ', "who is her daughter's pal. The Barkers Show: Meet the Barkers, MTV The clan: Dad Travis Barker, 33, mom  Shanna Moakler , 34, her daughter Atiana De La Hoya, 10, their son Landon, 5. Daughter Alabama Barker, 3, was born during ", 'gay celebrity blogger Perez Hilton, and co-executive director of the pageant and former Miss California herself  Shanna Moakler . Both helped lead the chorus of calls that she be stripped of her title. But Trump, the only person with the authority ', 'moguls, the fate of Miss California Carrie Prejean rests in the hands of Donald Trump. At a press conference Monday,  Shanna Moakler  and Keith Lewis, co-directors of Miss California USA, said Trump, the co-owner of the Miss Universe Organization ', 'tolerant," Christina Prejean says, adding that she only recently got involved in gay rights activism. April 29:  Shanna Moakler , former co-executive director of the Miss California Miss USA pageant, confirms reports that the Miss California ', 'Shanna Moakler  Resigns Following Carrie Prejean Scandal, While Donald Trump Showers Praise', 'Donald Trump may think the controversy surrounding Carrie Prejean is "a good thing," but  Shanna Moakler , the former co-executive director of the Miss California USA pageant, doesn\'t agree. Moakler, who served as Miss USA in ', 'Shanna Moakler  Resigns Following Carrie Prejean Scandal, While Donald Trump Showers Praise', 'Donald Trump may think the controversy surrounding Carrie Prejean is "a good thing," but  Shanna Moakler , the former co-executive director of the Miss California USA pageant, doesn\'t agree. Moakler, who served as Miss USA in ', 'dear to my heart." While Prejean\'s was preaching her values, others were dropping bombshells about her body.  Shanna Moakler , co-executive director of the Miss California Organization, confirmed to "Access Hollywood" Wednesday that the ', 'dear to my heart." While Prejean was talking about her values, others were dropping bombshells about her body.  Shanna Moakler , co-executive director of the Miss California Organization, confirmed to "Access Hollywood" Wednesday that the ', 'Miss California to Protect Traditional Marriage; Pageant Paid for Her Breast Implants', 'dear to my heart." While Carrie Prejean\'s preaching her values, others are dropping bombshells about her body.  Shanna Moakler , co-executive director of the Miss California Organization, confirmed to "Access Hollywood" Wednesday that the ', 'executive director] Keith Lewis or [former director]  Shanna Moakler  or anyone from the Miss California organization recently got involved in gay rights activism. April 29:  Shanna Moakler , former co-executive director of the Miss California ', "really want something that really grabbed imagination right it's all about timing. Yes good and likely could.  Shanna Moakler  has opened up to life and style about the plane crash that almost killed her ex husband Travis barker which you have ", "imagination right it's all about timing. Yes good and likely could. -- Shanna Moakler has opened up to life and style about the plane crash that almost killed her ex husband Travis barker which you have ", "party. New me new beginning. And that's why wanted to have a I wanted to celebrate my new life. Former miss USA  Shanna Moakler  reverse tradition in Las Vegas with her advertise sin city divorced party. The vengeful cake decorations. Fake blood ", 'a -- I wanted to celebrate my new life. Former miss USA Shanna Moakler reverse tradition in Las Vegas with her advertise sin city divorced party. The vengeful cake decorations. Fake blood and a dead groom. ', "not have. Nobody really have any do you no no I don't know nothing else we have some aren't that O'Neal we  Shanna Moakler . Edgier than if you today we have well play out. Or anybody we have well for your. aren't sure hardcore hardcore ", "know nothing else we have some aren't that O'Neal -- we -- Shanna Moakler . Edgier than if you today -- we have -- well -- play out. Or anybody we have well for your. -- -- ", "important list as one. Network who really him local  Shanna Moakler  is the soon to be ex wife of Travis barker who is out there aren't. nothing that you said that they  Shanna Moakler  person would be understood by your grandparents that ", "this important list as one. Network who really -- him local -- Shanna Moakler is the soon to be ex wife of Travis barker who is the -- tax -- up Blink-182 drummer. And interestingly she mentioned before the show that she was a professional roller skater. Which I don't that's gonna help -- out but she's giving it her best shot out there aren't. -- nothing that you said that they Shanna Moakler person would be understood by your grandparents that was just like. Her husband his wife her ex husband his wife says. He "]