['Stephanie Seymour is 45. Actress Charisma Carpenter is 43. Rhythm-and-blues singer Sam Watters is 43. Country singer  Alison Krauss  is 42. Rhythm-and-blues singer Dalvin DeGrate is 42. Rock musician Chad Gracey (Live) is 42. Actor-comedian ', 'of Color Me Badd is 43. Actress Charisma Carpenter is 43. Singer Dalvin DeGrate of Jodeci is 42. Country singer  Alison Krauss  is 42. Drummer Chad Gracey of Live is 42. Actor-comedian Marlon Wayans ("The Wayans Brothers") is 41. Country ', "record for the most Grammy nominations for a female artist (45) and has won 16 statues herself --behind country's  Alison Krauss , opera's Leontyne Price and the original Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, who has 18. The dancing and performing ", 'Civil Wars Pop Instrumental Album: "The Road From Memphis," Booker T. Jones Bluegrass Album: "Paper Airplane,"  Alison Krauss  & Union Station Americana Album: "Ramble at the Ryman," Levon Helm Reggae Album: "Revelation Pt. 1: The Root ', 'rundown of which performers played what at the MusiCares gala: Foo Fighters - "Jet" Alicia Keys - "Blackbird"  Alison Krauss  and Union Station - "No More Lonely Nights" Tony Bennett - "Here There and Everywhere" Duane Eddy - "And I Love ', 'Fun and Play Are Key to Survival for Bears, Dogs, Humans, Birds and Maybe Even Ants', "My favorite team on those occasions catch and cradle to carry tantamount and and I remember that it was almost spooky feeling to hear that song come on the radio now when I think back on you with a dark. Song and really beautiful and listen to the now. It's hard to get through to hear it now and I", "this season with a CD you on friends' songs of joy and peace now guest artists on this album include. James Taylor  Alison Krauss  Chris bodies on their Diana calls on and ya ya ya Leo's here this morning along with the rising the star seventeen ", "joy and peace now guest artists on this album include. James Taylor Alison Krauss Chris bodies on their Diana calls on -- and ya ya ya Leo's here this morning along with the rising -- the ", 'responded. And the unlikely pairing of Robert Plant and  Alison Krauss  that they hit album raising sand won five awards last large fan base within the academy who large body of work  Alison Krauss  is the most winning Grammy artist for a woman all time ', "that people really responded. And the unlikely pairing of Robert Plant and Alison Krauss that -- they hit album raising sand won five awards last night and you were saying this was. Really not expected although people were talking about it early on. But -- the warts and they give up before the -- clad cast they started winning they went in the day Americana category and start canister and think wait maybe maybe they could take they take at all. Flash your Herbie Hancock won it was a very similar sort of thing for the academy decides to give it to folks. We have a large fan base within the academy who -- large body of work Alison Krauss is the most winning Grammy artist for a woman all time with 26 grammys. While that's some talent right there. Absolutely it ", 'of some friends. Decades Rocco live airs at nine time Grammy winner with a musical likes Norah Jones Ben Harper and  Alison Krauss . performs all of her hits on this CD. Which also includes a dvd featuring two hours of concert and interview footage ', 'Grammy winner with a musical likes -- Norah Jones Ben Harper and Alison Krauss . -- performs all of her hits on this -- CD. Which also includes a dvd featuring two hours of concert and interview ']