['dad and instead of being driven some wrong on Saturday in Beverly Hilton tied the knot with former Playboy playmate  Shannon Tweed . In front of 400 of their friends and family. Simmons added sixteen years old it was quiet time to grow up. And ', 'on Saturday in Beverly Hilton tied the knot with former Playboy playmate Shannon Tweed . In front of 400 of their friends and family. Simmons added sixteen years old it was quiet time to grow up. And ', 'rocker Gene Simmons of the band hits for decades. Pollution control. Simmons an actress and former Playboy playmate  Shannon Tweed  had already been living together for years when he appeared on Oprah in 1987. You know how many women news outlets ', '-- -- -- Pollution control. Simmons an actress and former Playboy playmate Shannon Tweed had already been living together for years when he appeared on Oprah in 1987. You know how many women news outlets say ', 'actually still Seth exchange with his longtime girlfriend Lauren Miller. Gene marry his partner of 28 years. Explain  Shannon Tweed  Tara Reid Reese Witherspoon plus they are and Sherri shepherd. All got matrimony. Meanwhile somewhere hoping the ', "Lauren Miller. Gene -- marry his partner of 28 years. Explain -- Shannon Tweed Tara Reid Reese Witherspoon plus -- they are and Sherri shepherd. All got -- -- matrimony. Meanwhile somewhere hoping the third time's ", "tonight telling about what happened well what happened you know which is tape heads sometimes and Gene Simmons and  Shannon Tweed  and living off. They have a reality show I believe it's on TLC it's they have yeah it's not and then there they ", "happened you know which is tape heads sometimes and Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed and living off. They have a reality show I believe it's on TLC it's they have yeah it's not and then there ", 'kicking off with a special one hour episode this Sunday. And Mike Morris ours is checking in with Gene Simmons and  Shannon Tweed  to get the scoop on the shell hit their Mike. Thanks Tonya and Gene Simmons is the legendary tongue wagging basis ', 'Sunday. And Mike Morris ours is checking in with Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed to get the scoop on the shell hit their Mike. Thanks Tonya and Gene Simmons is the legendary tongue wagging basis behind ', "guy in his field he's worked on a lot of Hollywood stars. Including Vince Neil Gene Simmons from kiss and his wife  Shannon Tweed  actor Lorenzo Lamas but of course famous clients. Heidi Montag and seeing right there looking course very natural ", 'Hollywood stars. Including Vince Neil Gene Simmons from kiss and his wife Shannon Tweed actor Lorenzo Lamas but of course -- -- -- famous clients. Heidi Montag and seeing right there looking course very natural she ']