["small-town girl to celebrity to activist. The movie features a star-studded supporting cast including Peter Sarsgaard,  Sharon Stone , Chloe Sevigny, Adam Brody and James Franco as Hugh Hefner. Wait...What's Going on in Egypt? Are you feeling ", "with an invitation-only reception in honor of Peres' birthday, and will include appearances by Barbara Streisand,  Sharon Stone  and Robert DeNiro. Hamilton couldn't say whether Leah Emanuel would be attending the reception with her father ", 'of several new ventures offering tourism in space. "We have one million euro," said another auctioneer, actress  Sharon Stone . "We\'re looking for one million two to go with Leonardo DiCaprio for three days\' training and into outer space ', 'help, both parties often end up bruised. This time,  Sharon Stone  is being sued by a former housekeeper who claims she for absurd claims that are made-up and fabricated.  Sharon Stone  will be completely vindicated in court." Click through ', 'also sported a skintight dress with Obama\'s campaign slogan "Forward" at a campaign rally in Milwaukee. 2.  Sharon Stone Sharon Stone  is literally carrying her endorsement for Obama. The actress was spotted last month at a store in Beverly Hills ', 'Mitt Romney supporters are beginning to make their own fashion pieces for the Republican candidate too. 1.  Sharon Stone Sharon Stone  is literally carrying her endorsement for Obama. The actress was spotted last week at a store in Beverly Hills ', 'photo in the school\'s yearbook that is similar to the famous scene in the movie "Basic Instinct," in which actress  Sharon Stone  bares her ... well, essentials. The group photo was taken at Lake Norman High School 2011\'s graduation. In the ', 'Credit: Todd Williamson/WireImage/Getty Images.  Sharon Stone \'s former nanny is suing her, claiming the "Basic Instinct" actress used racially derogatory comments around her and violated ', "style to push the luxury label to the top of the fashion heap. Celebrities covet his creations; Nicole Kidman and  Sharon Stone  wore Dior gowns to Sunday's Academy Awards. At the moment, Natalie Portman serves as Dior's most prominent celebrity ", "style to push the luxury label to the top of the fashion heap. Celebrities covet his creations; Nicole Kidman and  Sharon Stone  wore Dior gowns to Sunday's Academy Awards. At the moment, Portman serves as Dior's most prominent celebrity endorser ", 'Richard Burton, Grace Kelly, Elizabeth Taylor, Patricia Neal, Liza Minnelli, Dudley Moore, James Garner and  Sharon Stone . Thirty-nine Oscar nominees (9.5 percent) had heart attacks and 65 (15.9 percent) had either a heart attack ', 'Actress  Sharon Stone  has lost another round of custody proceedings over her oldest son. A San Francisco judge has denied her request now for primary ', 'Actress Sharon Stone has lost another round of custody proceedings over her oldest son. A San Francisco judge has denied her request now for primary ', "kids He said it's pretty hard to pick favorites. Probable ABC news Hollywood. Another rising Google search today  Sharon Stone  and China. In an interview with TMZ dot com over the weekend the outspoken film star wondered whether the earthquake ", 'to pick favorites. Probable ABC news Hollywood. Another rising Google search today Sharon Stone and China. In an interview with TMZ dot com over the weekend the outspoken film star wondered whether the earthquake in China ', "movie characters who didn't need him. But now than  Sharon Stone  hired for her three children is suing the Oscar nominee Last year the nanny says she was fired for no reason.  Sharon Stone  is hardly the first celebrity to be accused by an employee ", "-- -- movie characters who didn't need him. But now than -- Sharon Stone hired for her three children is suing the Oscar nominee and accusing her of acting badly in real life. -- -- -- ", 'room. Last year the nanny says she was fired for no reason. Sharon Stone is hardly the first celebrity to be accused by an employee of mistreatment. Supermodel Naomi Campbell pleaded guilty to hitting her maid ', "In the new film Bobby  Sharon Stone  doesn't play the usual glamour role instead she plays a hotel fifteen it's a bit of flash a lot of conflict. But certainly  Sharon Stone  what she calls a year of disasters. Illness herself Arafat are ", "In the new film Bobby Sharon Stone doesn't play the usual glamour role instead she plays a hotel hairdresser. And the other characters confide in her -- yesterday right ", "-- it's a bit of flash a lot of conflict. But certainly Sharon Stone -- what she calls a year of disasters. Illness herself -- Arafat are divorced. Now with the newly adopted sanctions -- -- ", 'multiple affairs and even forced woods into sex rehab. Vonn has raised eyebrows for sexy poses. In 2010 she channeled  sharon stone \'s "basic instinct" character for an espn magazine shoot and she was also featured in a "sports illustrated" swimsuit ', 'rehab. Vonn has raised eyebrows for sexy poses. In 2010 she channeled sharon stone\'s "basic instinct" character for an espn magazine shoot and she was also featured in a "sports illustrated" swimsuit edition. Tiger says coming ']