['Surviving Cheating Even the longest Hollywood relationships have their ups and downs. Former Playboy centerfold  Shannon Tweed  nearly left Kiss rocker Gene Simmons over his infidelity. 11. Embracing Rock and Roll Despite the troubles of Gene ', 'Making It Work: Celebrity Marriage Wisdom From Donny Osmond and, Yes, Gene Simmons', 'and how they don\'t -- on "20/20: HollyWed" at 10 p.m. ET. 2. Gene Simmons and  Shannon Tweed  If there were an Oscar for patience,  Shannon Tweed  would win it, hands down. For 28 years the actress and former Playboy centerfold has been ', 'KISS bassist Gene Simmons married longtime-girlfriend  Shannon Tweed  Saturday night at an outdoor ceremony on the lawn of 19, who was the maid of honor. Gene Simmons and  Shannon Tweed  arrive at The Rally for Kids with Cancer Scavenger Cup ', 'about Lon Chaney, a silent film legend. Simmons resides in Beverly Hills, Calif., with his partner of 24 years,  Shannon Tweed , and their two children. These days, the Simmons family is featured in its own A&E reality show, "Gene Simmons ', 'in bed with an Australian model, though he has two children with his longtime partner and former Playboy playmate,  Shannon Tweed . "I can\'t believe that Ms. Swinton is the only person in Hollywood who might have more than one escort," said ', "the door open that. I'm Darius. So yeah and there it how why. Apparently. I'm happy is seeing sit and then  Shannon Tweed  finally tie the knot after 28 years together okay Ebola. Powell are really just in time for the return of his family ", "there it how why. Apparently. I'm happy is seeing sit and then Shannon Tweed finally tie the knot after 28 years together okay Ebola. Powell are really just in time for the return of his family ", 'dad and instead of being driven some wrong on Saturday in Beverly Hilton tied the knot with former Playboy playmate  Shannon Tweed . In front of 400 of their friends and family. Simmons added sixteen years old it was quiet time to grow up. And ', 'on Saturday in Beverly Hilton tied the knot with former Playboy playmate Shannon Tweed . In front of 400 of their friends and family. Simmons added sixteen years old it was quiet time to grow up. And ', 'rocker Gene Simmons of the band hits for decades. Pollution control. Simmons an actress and former Playboy playmate  Shannon Tweed  had already been living together for years when he appeared on Oprah in 1987. You know how many women news outlets ', '-- -- -- Pollution control. Simmons an actress and former Playboy playmate Shannon Tweed had already been living together for years when he appeared on Oprah in 1987. You know how many women news outlets say ', 'actually still Seth exchange with his longtime girlfriend Lauren Miller. Gene marry his partner of 28 years. Explain  Shannon Tweed  Tara Reid Reese Witherspoon plus they are and Sherri shepherd. All got matrimony. Meanwhile somewhere hoping the ', "Lauren Miller. Gene -- marry his partner of 28 years. Explain -- Shannon Tweed Tara Reid Reese Witherspoon plus -- they are and Sherri shepherd. All got -- -- matrimony. Meanwhile somewhere hoping the third time's ", "tonight telling about what happened well what happened you know which is tape heads sometimes and Gene Simmons and  Shannon Tweed  and living off. They have a reality show I believe it's on TLC it's they have yeah it's not and then there they ", "happened you know which is tape heads sometimes and Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed and living off. They have a reality show I believe it's on TLC it's they have yeah it's not and then there ", 'kicking off with a special one hour episode this Sunday. And Mike Morris ours is checking in with Gene Simmons and  Shannon Tweed  to get the scoop on the shell hit their Mike. Thanks Tonya and Gene Simmons is the legendary tongue wagging basis ', 'Sunday. And Mike Morris ours is checking in with Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed to get the scoop on the shell hit their Mike. Thanks Tonya and Gene Simmons is the legendary tongue wagging basis behind ', "guy in his field he's worked on a lot of Hollywood stars. Including Vince Neil Gene Simmons from kiss and his wife  Shannon Tweed  actor Lorenzo Lamas but of course famous clients. Heidi Montag and seeing right there looking course very natural ", 'Hollywood stars. Including Vince Neil Gene Simmons from kiss and his wife Shannon Tweed actor Lorenzo Lamas but of course -- -- -- famous clients. Heidi Montag and seeing right there looking course very natural she ']