["It was a very dramatically on the and injuries we had intrigue. People got off  Shannon Elizabeth  and And homes receiving as well. They join us this morning that's consolation prize to get to get a nice generally with us from ", "dramatically on the -- and injuries we had intrigue. People got off Shannon Elizabeth and -- -- And homes receiving -- as well. They join us this morning that's -- consolation prize to get to get ", "everybody who's coming up I'll really got Monica Seles and they say that they're going. Flying by we have.  Shannon Elizabeth  she won an accounting rule of 86 each other novelists are Scott actress Marlee Matlin. Tony award winning actress ", "Monica Seles and they say that they're going. Flying by we have. Shannon Elizabeth she won an accounting rule of 86 -- each other novelists are Scott actress Marlee Matlin. Tony award winning actress from probably ", "that's really one of the reasons why decided to do the show me stay on the and actresses Priscilla Presley and  Shannon Elizabeth . A Tony award winner Marissa Jaret Winokur. Oscar winner Marlee Matlin. Fabian Sanchez is the newest on our show ", 'the show me stay on the -- and actresses Priscilla Presley and Shannon Elizabeth . A Tony award winner Marissa Jaret Winokur. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Oscar winner Marlee Matlin. Fabian Sanchez is ', "Shannon Elizabeth  won't be shedding any more tears over Dancing With The Stars. The thanks so much for joining us thanks for having me. So it was bye for  Shannon Elizabeth  was this is surprised. You know really wasn't a surprise she's ", "Shannon Elizabeth won't be shedding any more tears over Dancing With The Stars. The 34 year old actress was eliminated on last night's show but that's not -- an injury naked in the way for one contestant Kristy on date of Wednesday. -- ruptured a tendon in his bias that He reportedly needs surgery to repair it so a lot of drama on dancing with the stars and for more on this. The -- be joined by ABC news entertainment producer Sheila -- Sheila thanks so much for joining us thanks for having me. So it was bye -- for Shannon Elizabeth was this is surprised. You know really wasn't a surprise she's been called awkward and cocky by the judges and -- -- "]