['Republican Rep. Randy Neugebauer has confessed to shouting "Baby killer!" at Democratic Rep. Bart Stupak Sunday night on the House floor shortly before the health ca...', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," March 15, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Tonight:...', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," May 13, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Congressma...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Your World with Neil Cavuto," May 23, 2007. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.NEIL CAVUTO, HOST: This is a FO...', "This weekend's health care debate in the House of Representatives underscored the deep divisions between Democrats and Republicans on the issue. There were legitimat...", "Health care reform legislation a year in the making heads to President Obama's desk after Democrats cemented a narrow victory Sunday night on the heels of an intense...", 'Rep .  Bart Stupak  argues quality and affordability of health care should be equal in every state.', "Rep .  Bart Stupak  weighs in on leadership's role in health-care legislation and abortion funding after a Republican wins the Massachusetts Senate seat.", 'Rep .  Bart Stupak , (D-Mich.), and Rep. Dan Burton, (R-Ind.), debate whether Congress will extend the Bush tax cuts.', 'Rep .  Bart Stupak  gives the inside story behind White House abortion agreement that changed his health care vote', 'Rep. Darrell Issa, (R-CA), on congressmen such as  Rep .  Bart Stupak  selling out to get health-care passed.', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," March 25, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, HOST: Threatening voice...', 'Deal or No Deal? Why Reconciliation on Health Care Is Not Enough for Some Democrats', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," March 11, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Tonight:...', "Part 1: Stupak says 'there's no doubt in my mind that the Democratic majority would like to see public funding for abortion'", 'Rep .  Bart Stupak  (D-MI) on whether oil market manipulation is to blame for sky-high prices.']