["The Berlin Wall's longest remaining stretch has been restored to its state of nearly two decades ago after artists repainted the colorful murals they created in the ...", "The Berlin Wall's longest remaining stretch has been restored to its state of nearly two decades ago after artists repainted the colorful murals they created in the ...", 'Thank you very much. Chancellor Kohl, Governing Mayor Diepgen, ladies and gentlemen: Twenty four years ago, President John F. Kennedy visited Berlin, speaking to the...', 'Thank you very much. Chancellor Kohl, Governing Mayor Diepgen, ladies and gentlemen: Twenty four years ago, President John F. Kennedy visited Berlin, speaking to the...', 'Political analyst Frank Luntz reflects on the fall of the  Berlin Wall  and its 20th anniversary.', 'A nice crowd of about 600 gathered at the Gulfstream Race Track near Ft. Lauderdale Wednesday night to hear me speak. Drawn by a promotion by my local radio affiliat...', "The Soviet Union disappeared from the map more than two decades ago. But online an 'e-vil empire' of e-crooks is thriving.Security experts say the .su Internet suffi...", "President Obama's speech on counterterrorism policy at National Defense University", "Below is the transcript for President Obama's counterterrorism policy speech at the National Defense University at Fort McNair in Washington, D.C.:MAY 23, 20132:01 P...", "E-vil empire: USSR's old domain space is increasingly attractive hideout for hackers", "The Soviet Union disappeared from the map more than two decades ago. But online an 'e-vil empire' is thriving.Security experts say the .su Internet suffix assigned t...", "Col. Cedric Leighton on the impact of Russia's potential increased involvement in Syria", 'Diego Pellicer Inc. CEO Jamen Shively on his strategy to grow his marijuana company.', 'Fifteen years after the Berlin Wall ( search ) fell, a Berlin museum plans to rebuild a section of the concrete barrier close to the former Checkpoint Charlie border...', "Why the president thought beating his chest would have been the 'stupidest' thing to do", 'Germans marked a subdued 15th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall ( search ) on Tuesday, with high unemployment in the formerly communist east and a sense in ...', 'BERLIN -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton urged Europeans and Americans on Sunday to see the anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall as a call to a...', 'President Obama squeezed in a trip to Copenhagen last month to lobby, unsuccessfully, for Chicago to host the 2016 Summer Olympics. He plans to travel to Oslo next m...', 'When the East German government built the Berlin Wall in 1961 to prevent its citizens from leaving, the regime failed to account for the ingenuity and creativity of ...', 'President Obama on Monday marked the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall in a video message broadcast before a huge crowd in Germany , calling the destru...']