["special one today. We're going to start with josh and  sara moulton  at our turkey station. Kehe knives away from josh funny? I am way too excited about this. Thank you.  Sara moulton , everybody. All right. And with the turkey, you ", "meal a special one today. We're going to start with josh and sara moulton at our turkey station. Kehe knives away from josh. Those who don't learn from history are destined t repeat it. Take a ", "know what's funny? I am way too excited about this. Thank you. Sara moulton , everybody. All right. And with the turkey, you need a fantastic stuffing. Here we are. We can get all of the tips ", "GM food editor  Sara Moulton  is here and by the way we're about to show you why she's the potatoes valued at lingers on good values into the all of this. It is  Sara Moulton  it's unbelievable that you instead of just grab enough stuff the ", "GM food editor Sara Moulton is here and by the way we're about to show you why she's the GMA food editor with a lot of people ", "at lingers on good values into the all of this. It is Sara Moulton it's unbelievable that you instead of just grab enough stuff -- the store and paying the extra ten dollars the barbecue sauce. ", 'we are counting down to christmas. In honor of our 12 days of cooking, food editor  sara moulton  is here with a selection of some of her favorite cookbooks of 2012. There were hundred you chose from. It was very hard this ', 'to christmas. In honor of our 12 days of cooking, food editor sara moulton is here with a selection of some of her favorite cookbooks of 2012. There were hundred you chose from. It was very ', "fortunately. You don't have to because  Sara Moulton  has already done the work where few recipes from her new book.  Sara Moulton  every day family and there are in the book again it's called  Sara Moulton  everyday family dinners.", "come up with something new wolf fortunately. You don't have to because Sara Moulton has already done the work where you she joins us now -- the few recipes from her new book. Sara Moulton every day family -- and -- there are. Okay. According to talk about the family you have little stores and like I ", "questions on our website abcnews.com. What's in the book again it's called Sara Moulton everyday family dinners. ", "cookbooks that are the best and perfect for a view that the vote with the one's best suited for. Our food editor  Sara Moulton  has picked up the very best for every taste her selections will make you want to put your apron on right now good to ", "that the vote with the one's best suited for. Our food editor Sara Moulton has picked up the very best for every taste -- her selections will make you want to put your apron on right ", "Now our countdown to Thanksgiving weeks is the big. Are 911 and Sharon mom is here to answer last minute questions because it's almost show time right. And and we have questions from our viewers. We're so happy that you're here and I would like there's a lot of spread out there aren't any country I", "Well it can all agree asparagus lasagna sounds delicious but you might say it takes for epidemic right well you're wrong. Not you follow the recipe of this woman standing next to me. And Alton branch and she as a new out Sarah's weeknight meals and for so much for giving it all out as I do I do and", 'are here to answer them. The music is an excuse for me to get out the skinny mic. We welcome "gma" food editor,  sara moulton . Amanda freitag, and sunny anderson, host of "food in america." They\'re at their stations. Ready to go. Contestants ', 'me to get out the skinny mic. We welcome "gma" food editor, sara moulton . Amanda freitag, and sunny anderson, host of "food in america." They\'re at their stations. Ready to go. Contestants, are you ready to ', "Sara Moulton  previews some of the 180,000 treats featured in this year's event.", "'GMA' and  Sara Moulton  answer your last-minute Thanksgiving cooking questions.", '"GMA" and  Sara Moulton  answer your last-minute thanksgiving cooking questions.', "Sara Moulton  shows 'GMA's' anchors the proper way to cut a Thanksgiving turkey."]