['all, she won an Oscar at 22!) Now, the "Hunger Games" star is passing on her secrets of success to actress  Shailene Woodley , who\'s at Comic-Con to promote "Ender\'s Game" and "Divergent" - adaptations some have touted as "the ', '16-year-old Triss as she tries to choose what direction her life will take in a dystopian near future. The clip shows star  Shailene Woodley  jumping from a moving train onto a roof, crowd surfing in a cafeteria and climbing a ferris wheel. There also are ', 'Sundance Celebrity Sightings: Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, and More Party in the Snow', 'Controversy Keys also dropped into the Keratin Complex pop up salon on Main Street to check out their hair styling goods.  Shailene Woodley , star of one of the festival\'s most buzzed about movies, "The Spectacular Now," joined her there. Over at ', 'Spectacular Now," about a popular high school senior who falls for a sci-fi geek played by "The Descendants\'"  Shailene Woodley . The script was written by the same guys who penned "500 Days." 8. The rise of the next Ben Affleck. Joseph ', 'Troian Bellisario, Pretty Little Liars Chelsea Kane, Baby Daddy Crystal Reed, Teen Wolf Ashley Rickards, Awkward  Shailene Woodley , The Secret Life of the American Teenager Choice Summer TV Star: Male Ken Baumann, The Secret Life of the American ', "MTV Movie Awards 2012: 'Hunger Games,' 'Twilight,' and 'Bridesmaids' Take Home Top Awards", 'The Hunger Games" Best Female Performance Jennifer Lawrence, "The Hunger Games" Breakthrough Performance  Shailene Woodley , The Descendants Best Cast "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2? Best On-Screen Transformation Elizabeth ', 'The Hunger Games" Best Female Performance Jennifer Lawrence, "The Hunger Games" Breakthrough Performance  Shailene Woodley , "The Descendants" Best Cast "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2" PHOTOS: Red Carpet Arrivals at ', 'Bridesmaids Rooney Mara, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo Liam Hemsworth, The Hunger Games Elle Fanning, Super 8  Shailene Woodley , The Descendants Best Cast Bridesmaids Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 The Hunger Games 21 Jump Street ', 'Valdi halter dress with a huge red bow tied at the neck. It was nearly as big as her head. Young Descendents star  Shailene Woodley  was all covered up in a long-sleeved cream Valentino Haute Couture gown with circular cutouts in the bodice and ', 'Picture Octavia Spencer, The Help Berenice Bejo, The Artist Jessica Chastain, The Help Janet McTeer, Albert Nobbs  Shailene Woodley , The Descendants Best Performance By An Actor In A Supporting Role In A Motion Picture Christopher Plummer, Beginners ', 'worried about it in any way. He\'s a comedian. I think we all should be able to laugh it off." First time attendee  Shailene Woodley , who\'s nominated for a best supporting actress Globe for "The Descendants," went so far as to say Hollywood ', 'Scott calls "one of my favorites of them all." He said star George Clooney is sure to earn a nomination, as is  Shailene Woodley , who plays Clooney\'s eldest daughter and whom Scott calls a "star in the making." Click through to see the ', "At the center of the show,  shailene woodley . She recently stopped by to all. The lovely and talented  shailene woodley  is back on the show. So excited Thank you for joining us.  Shailene woodley , everybody. We'll be right ", 'teenager" recently marked their 100th episode. At the center of the show, shailene woodley . She recently stopped by to talk to lara about it all. The lovely and talented shailene woodley is back on the show. So excited to have you here. Excited to be here. When last we saw each other, you ', 'spectacular " we wish you the best. Thank you for joining us. Shailene woodley , everybody. We\'ll be right back. Oreo and dunkin\' ', "All of you fans of the secret life of the American teenager already know the county and actually she Woodley. Well now she's an even wider audience and Oscar buzz with her breakout performance. Playing George Clooney's daughter in the new movie the descendants it's pleasure to welcome. living here"]