['Stephen King. In the minute-long teaser trailer, Moretz is seen covered in blood and standing in a burning town.  Sissy Spacek  played Carrie in the 1976 version and Moretz, who is known for her roles in "Kick-A**" and "Dark Shadows ', 'she and fellow Hollywood vet  Sissy Spacek  didn\'t preach. "We just really together." Dreamworks/WireImage  Sissy Spacek  As Hilly\'s batty and mischievous mother,  Sissy Spacek \'s Mrs. Walters delights when ', "housewife you'll love to hate. Allison Janney steals scenes as Skeeter's ailing, but still nagging, mother, and  Sissy Spacek  plays Hilly's improbably mischievous mom with zeal. Faithful readers of Kathryn Stockett 's 2009 book will notice ", "oil heiress Aileen Getty in 1981. Before their wedding, Taylor threw a star-studded party for the couple, hosting  Sissy Spacek , Carol Burnett , Dudley Moore and more of her A-list friends at the home of home of Aileen's divorced mother ", "through five wives and boozed away all his money. He also does his own singing, something Oscar voters love. Remember  Sissy Spacek , Reese Witherspoon and Robert Duvall all sang their ways to a statue? Bridges is the one critics can't wait to see ", 'are tempered by some true-to-life confrontations and emotions. Witherspoon can relate to how Vaughn\'s mother ( Sissy Spacek  at her dottiest) can\'t get a grip on how to play the party game Taboo. "She so reminds me of my mother, who ', "Samara's revenge. She's the girl on the tape who was cheated out of her childhood by her mother, played by  Sissy Spacek . This is one of the rare contemporary horror films that isn't a gore-fest. The director, who also made the Japanese ", "Workout: The Hermosa Beach Community Center in California, still a magnet for the community, was the very spot where  Sissy Spacek  was doused with pig's blood in Brian DePalma's 1976 horror flick, Carrie. The gym today looks very much as it ", "Nicole Kidman's turn as a dying nightclub singer in Moulin Rouge; Judi Dench as British writer Iris Murdoch in Iris;  Sissy Spacek  as a bitter, grieving mother in In the Bedroom; and Renee Zellweger, who played the lovelorn Londoner in Bridget ", "Nicole Kidman's turn as dying nightclub singer in Moulin Rouge; Judi Dench as British writer Iris Murdoch in Iris;  Sissy Spacek  as a bitter, grieving mother in In the Bedroom; and Renee Zellweger, who played the lovelorn Londoner in Bridget ", 'Massacre 4. Her character ended up in bits. Now she is up for best actress for her role in Bridget Jones\'s Diary.  Sissy Spacek  played a teen referred to as "creepy Carrie" in the horror film, Carrie. Movie critics learned to be careful what ', "Berry as the widow of an executed prisoner in Monster's Ball; Judi Dench as British writer Iris Murdoch in Iris;  Sissy Spacek  as a grieving mother in In the Bedroom; and Renee Zellweger, who played the lovelorn Londoner in Bridget Jones's ", "to plug it wouldn't want to break the Braves. Aren't people the if loves to so happened. Where you all and ends  Sissy Spacek  the whole cast it's just terrific and as I said being from Mississippi and seeing it. And I did it was such respect ", "if -- -- loves to so happened. Where you all and ends Sissy Spacek the whole cast it's just terrific and as I said being from Mississippi and seeing it. And I did it was such ", 'talk about this task you obviously. Viola Davis Davis  Sissy Spacek  along with some up and comers Emma Stone Jessica chest races in terms of you know talent female talent and  Sissy Spacek  I just. Idolize sir good to him He you know fried okra ', 'You and you talk about this task you obviously. Viola Davis Davis Sissy Spacek along with some up and comers Emma Stone Jessica chest and Bryce Dallas Howard. Previous events -- -- A lot of star ', "Parents -- races in terms of you know talent female talent and Sissy Spacek I just. Idolize sir good to him He you know fried okra and drink beer with her and is just. It's nothing ", "you always your pants. She this every inside the prom she locks the door and there's such a classic iconic scene of  Sissy Spacek  drenched all enough blood. If you haven't seen this Halloween is the perfect time to check it out it will scare you ", "she locks the door and there's such a classic iconic scene of Sissy Spacek drenched all enough blood. If you haven't seen this Halloween is the perfect time to check it out -- -- it will ", "title for a movie that what's that mean to accept all you need to know if it starts Robert Duvall and Bill Murray and  Sissy Spacek . And it's that kind of movie that small studio speak out in the summer when you're tired of seeing things explode ", "need to know if it starts Robert Duvall and Bill Murray and Sissy Spacek . And it's that kind of movie that small studio speak out in the summer when you're tired of seeing things explode. Maybe ", "Barbara Streisand in funny girl and share in moonstruck. And we heard Penelope Cruz in this year's nominee. But new  Sissy Spacek  actually came to New York not to act but to sitting. Or the gladiators Russell Crowe tried to top the charts under ", "And we heard Penelope Cruz -- in this year's nominee. But new Sissy Spacek actually came to New York not to act but to sitting. Or the gladiators Russell Crowe tried to top the charts under "]