['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', "of Nina in Banja and Sonia and Masha and Opposite  Sigourney Weaver  and David Hyde Pierce take a look. I write my own dying to be an actress is absolutely. In love with  Sigourney Weaver 's character and gets to how exciting and speaking ", "part of Nina in Banja and Sonia and Masha and -- Opposite Sigourney Weaver and David Hyde Pierce take a look. I write my own version of that play -- related how NCAA get. We'll be ", "girl dying to be an actress -- is absolutely. In love with Sigourney Weaver's character and -- -- -- -- gets to -- how exciting and speaking it's sort of -- -- imitating -- I would ", "thing you just with the scene of  Sigourney Weaver  and political animal on the talking here about how have  Sigourney Weaver  to the shop. in its yeah I cost. in you don't need it  Sigourney Weaver  you are fabulous. Smiling ", "there to stay and that thing you just with the scene of Sigourney Weaver and political animal -- on the US and network. And -- very shrewdly rather than sitting here just talking here about how -- have -- Sigourney Weaver to the shop. -- in its yeah I have an incident -- Such a pleasure to -- here is what what's the question to have UN to have known that poster right behind you -- which is intimidating had that look you know July. You to look at that. It's a look that you do that can -- recreate definitely not because I'm I'm not in my cost. -- in you don't need it -- Sigourney Weaver you are fabulous. Smiling. -- it now know enough. Your hand -- the secretary of state yes. Who has had a field ", "again starring Oscar nominee and Golden Globe winner  Sigourney Weaver  who joins us now. So many stars through this great a so love to have people down went into the city  Sigourney Weaver  thanks very much it's so great to be here thanks ", 'funny new movie you again starring Oscar nominee and Golden Globe winner Sigourney Weaver who joins us now. So many stars through this -- great to have great being here so friendly is one of my ', "a -- so love to have people down went into the city Sigourney Weaver thanks very much it's so great to be here thanks see you again opens in theaters this Friday. September 24. ", 'Actress explains latest news on sequels to "Alien," "Avatar," and "Ghostbusters."', "You know  Sigourney Weaver  three time Oscar nominee no surprise there but the movie that we're talking about today. Wally I can't say to a recent movements ", "You know Sigourney Weaver three time Oscar nominee no surprise there but the movie that we're talking about today. Wally I can't say to a recent ", 'little girl power. He is scouting out bootee-kicking ladies in "the expendable belles." His wish list includes  sigourney weaver , and linda hamilton, along with "the matrix" star, carrie ann moss. We\'ll find out kelly ripa\'s co-host ', 'scouting out bootee-kicking ladies in "the expendable belles." His wish list includes sigourney weaver , and linda hamilton, along with "the matrix" star, carrie ann moss. We\'ll find out kelly ripa\'s co-host soon. He or she will ', 'frankly it was terrible Secaucus new again. And basically it has some big heavy hitter actresses as Jamie Lee Curtis  Sigourney Weaver  Kristen Bell. It deals with two people who did not like each other in high school and fast forward a few years and ', 'it has some big heavy hitter -- actresses as Jamie Lee Curtis Sigourney Weaver Kristen Bell. It deals with two people who did not like each other in high school and fast forward a few years ', "lot of James Cameron films in the past which is namely he's always had a very strong. Central female character  Sigourney Weaver  does appear in avatar is sort of chain smoking scientists. And He kinda wish that she was pushed to the center of ", "which is namely he's always had a very strong. Central female character Sigourney Weaver does appear in avatar is sort of -- chain smoking scientists. And He kinda wish that she was pushed to the center ", "lot of James Cameron films in the past which is namely he's always had a very strong. Central female character  Sigourney Weaver  does appear in avatar is sort of a chain smoking scientist and kinda wish that she was pushed to the center of the ", "which is namely he's always had a very strong. Central female character Sigourney Weaver does appear in avatar is sort of a chain smoking scientist and -- kinda wish that she was pushed to the center ", "much more modest version of the last X-Files you know. I always think of David Duchovny being like yogi Ehrlich.  Sigourney Weaver  in ghostbusters. Floating like. Three feet above his material you know again he's really good this is a movie ", "know. I always think of David Duchovny -- being like yogi Ehrlich. Sigourney Weaver in ghostbusters. Floating like. Three feet above his material you know again he's really good this is a movie you can watch ", 'the hotel. And everyone fell in love with him every would touch him and feed him and walk him and I remember of  Sigourney Weaver  had a trainer she was doing a movie and her training used to run. The dog nothing to do everyone loved him including ', 'him and feed him and walk him and I remember of -- Sigourney Weaver had a trainer she was doing a movie and her training used to run. The dog -- -- nothing to do everyone ', "would say January glorified extra everybody else's point But that we have an excellent casting this as it bill hurt  Sigourney Weaver  knows Eduardo Noriega its international cast Matthew Fox. He was here yesterday singing your praises So you have ", 'But that we have an excellent casting this as it bill hurt Sigourney Weaver knows Eduardo Noriega -- its international cast Matthew Fox. He was here yesterday singing your praises -- -- So you have GI ', "Intense. It's it's that it's I really enjoyed it cedes some big faces in Dennis Quaid Forest Whitaker He also  Sigourney Weaver  William Hurt plays the president. A cast that powerful. Obviously helps the movie what does it make it for you ", 'cedes some big faces in -- Dennis Quaid Forest Whitaker He also Sigourney Weaver William Hurt plays the president. A cast that powerful. Obviously helps the movie what does it make it for you in the ', "Spears and laughs it's the first New York movie most people think Ghost busters. When demon spirits invaded  Sigourney Weaver 's department here at 66 in Central Park west she decided to call the ghostbusters which you can us at ABC news ", "York movie most people think -- Ghost busters. When demon spirits invaded Sigourney Weaver's department here at 66 in Central Park west she decided to call the ghostbusters which you can -- us at ABC news "]