['Manson was found guilty of first degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder in the August 1969 murders of actress  Sharon Tate , her unborn baby and four houseguests, and Leno and Rosemary LaBianca. He was sentenced to death, but his sentence ', "commissioner, attorneys for both sides and family members of Manson's victims. Debra Tate, the sister of murdered actress  Sharon Tate , is expected to attend the hearing, Patino said. Attorneys from both sides will give presentations and read any documents ", 'a 1969 killing spree in Los Angeles. The killings included the fatal stabbing of five people in the home of actress  Sharon Tate  and the murders of Leno and Rosemary LaBianca. Manson was sentenced to death when he was found guilty, but the sentence ', 'the turbulent the late 1960s, instructing his "family" of followers -- mostly women -- to kill pregnant actress  Sharon Tate  and shopkeeper Leno LaBianca and his wife Rosemary to promote an apocalyptic race war he called "Helter Skelter ', "Charles Manson Calls 'Foolish' Obama a 'Slave to Wall Street,' Warning That the Environment Is in Peril", 'Manson, who was convicted 40 years ago in the gruesome murders of eight people -- among them the pregnant actress  Sharon Tate  -- also talked about killings and his group of followers who came to be known as the "Manson family." The cult leader ', 'Tate, whose pregnant sister,  Sharon Tate , was one of seven people slain Charles "Tex" Watson broke into  Sharon Tate \'s posh Los Angeles-area home sent back to prison for life.  Sharon Tate \'s Sister on Manson Family ', 'wife and children. The murders came just months after Charles Manson\'s drug-addled "family" slaughtered actress  Sharon Tate  and others in California. Just as Manson\'s family wrote "Helter Skelter" and "pig" in their victims\' blood ', 'exhibit of the murderous Manson Family . There is a respectful silence as they gaze at the video of a beautiful actress  Sharon Tate  on a screen mounted above a case holding two of the weapons used in her murder. It is next to the case bearing the rope ', "Polanski Wife Thought Arrest Was a 'Joke' -- but U.S. Judge Not Laughing, Rules Against Him", 'Judge Denies Request for Polanski Sentencing in Abstentia as Wife Gives Interview', 'disappearance on June 22. 10. "You give me a water board, Dick Cheney and one hour, and I\'ll have him confess to the  Sharon Tate  murders." Jesse Ventura, during a CNN interview May 11.', 'director of such movies as 1968\'s "Rosemary\'s Baby" and 1974\'s "Chinatown." He was briefly married to actress  Sharon Tate  , who was murdered, along with the couple\'s unborn son, in 1969 by a group of Charles Manson followers . The French ', "manson with his young brunette followers, orchestrated the gruesome murders of seven people around los angeles including  sharon tate  and rosemary la piablabianco. His followers haven't stopped trying to connect him. According to the department of ", "followers, orchestrated the gruesome murders of seven people around los angeles including sharon tate and rosemary la piablabianco. His followers haven't stopped trying to connect him. According to the department of corrections the watch never made ", 'then Governor Schwarzenegger intervened. Davis was not involved in the infamous murders by Manson followers of actress  Sharon Tate  and six others in Los Angeles. But he was convicted of two other murders in 1969. And is serving a life sentence.', 'was not involved in the infamous murders by Manson followers of actress Sharon Tate and six others in Los Angeles. But he was convicted of two other murders in 1969. And is serving a life sentence. ', "parole again today Charles Tex Watson has been denied parole thirteen times. He was convicted for the deaths of actress  Sharon Tate  and six others during California's most horrific murder spree. Some of the victim's family members planned to speak ", "denied parole thirteen times. He was convicted for the deaths of actress Sharon Tate and six others during California's most horrific murder spree. Some of the victim's family members planned to speak out at the hearing. ", 'Manson had never met the new tenant actress  Sharon Tate  who was spending the day with her friends.  Sharon Tate  is Jennifer.  Sharon Tate  and rising star and most beautiful of the young ', 'recording executive that there. Manson had never met the new tenant actress Sharon Tate who was spending the day with her friends. Sharon Tate is Jennifer. Sharon Tate and -- rising star and most beautiful of the young women in the film valley of the dolls. And now eight and ', "that you. Yeah I remember her saying. I'm hungry -- Yeah. Inside Sharon Tate begged for the life of her unborn child. -- says she stood by while Watson stabbed -- over and over again. Death ", 'Kennedy seen here at his trial. It also means life imprisonment for Charles Manson mastermind the murder of actress  Sharon Tate  and six others. And life for members of the so called family three women who were facing execution. At San some guards ', 'means life imprisonment for Charles Manson -- mastermind the murder of actress Sharon Tate and six others. And life for members of the so called family three women who were facing execution. At San -- some ', "daughter. Not a patient. The crime shocked the country just a few months after Charles Manson's drug family slaughtered  Sharon Tate  and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was ", "just a few months after Charles Manson's drug -- family slaughtered -- Sharon Tate and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was written in blood ", "Not a patient. The crime shocked the country just a few months after Charles Manson's drug family slaughtered actor  Sharon Tate  and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was ", "just a few months after Charles Manson's drug -- family slaughtered actor Sharon Tate and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was written in blood "]