['Here Comes Honey Boo Boo" centers on Mama June, but title character Alana, who\'s a chunky hybrid of child stars  Shirley Temple  and Gary Coleman, is rarely out of sight. Indeed, it was her participation in beauty pageants on TLC\'s "Toddlers ', "As a little girl, Lingzi demonstrated her intelligence, kindness, and attractiveness; she was the family's  Shirley Temple , if you will, the little elf and the little jolly girl, bringing everybody in the family ceaseless laughter, lightheartedness ", 'Wind." King Vidor completed the filming of "Oz." The Star Garland was not MGM\'s first choice for Dorothy.  Shirley Temple , then a big star, was. But she was under contract for a competing studio, which refused to loan her out. So MGM ', "PM NOTE: DeMint Decamps to Heritage, 'We're Over the Cliff Already,' Obama Cabinet Infographic", 'the Cliff - Facebook questioner asks why does Boehner insists on not raising rates. Others ask about Anna Wintour.  Shirley Temple  Black is mentioned - http://abcn.ws/TVYsBC How Do We Know There Are 11 Million Undocumented Immigrants? Univision ', 'Fiscal Cliff Meets Fashion Icon: Obama Taking on Boehner, Putting Forward Wintour?', 'ambassador. Anyone who questions this should remember  Shirley Temple  Black, who performed her job well." As Del Monte not be the first famous diplomat. In addition to  Shirley Temple  Black, Sidney Poitier also holds that title. Take ', 'cute, blonde-haired, star of the show. The comic says Alana, aka Honey Boo Boo, is a lot like child actress  Shirley Temple  because she has "a presence and an intellect that goes way beyond her years." Fans of "Here Comes Honey Boo Boo ', "and lift me onto it, where I'd perform like a female Frankie Lymon. I was too ethnic-looking to be the next  Shirley Temple . Plus, my older brother, Jimmy, listened to Frankie Lymon, a wonderful, soulful singer with a beautiful, sweet ", 'Christina Hendricks, Blake Lively, Laura Linney, Rutina Wesley: Eye-Riveting Beauty Parts', "Hollywood, it's almost impossible to think about those cheek indentations without conjuring up the image of child star  Shirley Temple . Among the hard-hitting dimpled actresses, web site www.listal.com includes Miranda Carr, Marion Cotillard ", 'didn\'t get] ," Kendrick told ABC News\' Nick Watt. "My hair was just so frizzy and all. ... I looked like  Shirley Temple . So I feel like I had no business auditioning for kids\' hair products." At 12, Kendrick landed the role of Dinah ', 'but there were those tap shoes and somewhere along the way the hope that maybe, just maybe, she could be the next  Shirley Temple . More disappointments followed. When Libby was twelve, her mother found out that her husband, by then getting ', 'but there were those tap shoes and somewhere along the way the hope that maybe, just maybe, she could be the next  Shirley Temple . More disappointments followed. When Libby was twelve, her mother found out that her husband, by then getting ', 'editor for Toy and Family Entertainment magazine told "Good Morning America." "That\'s great if we\'re watching  Shirley Temple  movies, but if you\'re trying to reach today\'s girls or boys in a crowded marketplace, you have to have something ', "Yeah is as we trip to the candy shop where bond bonds plan. I'm a sunny beach I'll never Linehan and didn't act really Now the hand yeah yeah. Indeed this and that and then check the mail I mean a big fan who came. away with a big tummy ache. Amid days Kim today and only. Not happy happy birthday", "did it feel? It was great. It was embarrassing. My parents took me to see that star, not mine, of course, but  shirley temple 's. Did you have dreams at that time of stardom? No, no, I -- I had very low self-esteem. The kid from brooklyn ", "parents took me to see that star, not mine, of course, but shirley temple's . Did you have dreams at that time of stardom? No, no, I -- I had very low self-esteem. The kid from brooklyn ", "don't house but. just seem Rosie says. Not only she loved them but she thinks honey boo has a lot in common with  Shirley Temple . Hello Matt ward Howell and eye for talent. Aurora you know God also good news from inside ABC family one extended ", 'she thinks -- honey boo -- has a lot in common with Shirley Temple . Hello Matt ward Howell -- and -- eye for talent. Aurora you know -- God -- also -- good news from inside ', "Tinseltown. Everywhere are laughing talking and even plastic. drive our New York City feet under tents that can get that  Shirley Temple  here blowout. Eight dollars check out lewis' They are going to love it lately with a big smile on their and forget ", "drive our New York City feet under tents that can get that Shirley Temple here blowout. Eight dollars check out -- -- lewis' -- They are going to love it -- lately with a big smile ", "get like it will take a little bit. You know bridges and put that Jodie Foster went back. You know and the little  Shirley Temple  and hosted that and shake them up and let's get Peter. Two to drive this. On this album if you that let's critic ", "-- put that Jodie Foster went back. You know and the little Shirley Temple and hosted that -- and shake them up and let's get Peter. Two to drive this. On this album if you -- ", "we've combine a few different flavors the great is the base. We were all kids we had our first string Q is there  Shirley Temple  it was Bernadine. adding pineapple juice and I putting pineapple sticks. This is gonna make the string and give ", 'all kids -- -- we had our first string Q is there Shirley Temple it was Bernadine. -- adding pineapple juice and I putting pineapple sticks. This is gonna make the string and give a visual ', 'states she weathered a long. Rejection popped her commercials. And hair product. really bad hair I looked like.  Shirley Temple . First part she made it like a Tony nomination aged twelve then first movie role. And mountains channeled the spirit ', 'And -- hair product. -- -- really bad hair I looked like. Shirley Temple . First part she made it -- -- like a Tony nomination aged twelve then first movie role. And mountains -- channeled the ']