['then Governor Schwarzenegger intervened. Davis was not involved in the infamous murders by Manson followers of actress  Sharon Tate  and six others in Los Angeles. But he was convicted of two other murders in 1969. And is serving a life sentence.', 'was not involved in the infamous murders by Manson followers of actress Sharon Tate and six others in Los Angeles. But he was convicted of two other murders in 1969. And is serving a life sentence. ', "parole again today Charles Tex Watson has been denied parole thirteen times. He was convicted for the deaths of actress  Sharon Tate  and six others during California's most horrific murder spree. Some of the victim's family members planned to speak ", "denied parole thirteen times. He was convicted for the deaths of actress Sharon Tate and six others during California's most horrific murder spree. Some of the victim's family members planned to speak out at the hearing. ", 'Manson had never met the new tenant actress  Sharon Tate  who was spending the day with her friends.  Sharon Tate  is Jennifer.  Sharon Tate  and rising star and most beautiful of the young ', 'recording executive that there. Manson had never met the new tenant actress Sharon Tate who was spending the day with her friends. Sharon Tate is Jennifer. Sharon Tate and -- rising star and most beautiful of the young women in the film valley of the dolls. And now eight and ', "that you. Yeah I remember her saying. I'm hungry -- Yeah. Inside Sharon Tate begged for the life of her unborn child. -- says she stood by while Watson stabbed -- over and over again. Death ", 'Kennedy seen here at his trial. It also means life imprisonment for Charles Manson mastermind the murder of actress  Sharon Tate  and six others. And life for members of the so called family three women who were facing execution. At San some guards ', 'means life imprisonment for Charles Manson -- mastermind the murder of actress Sharon Tate and six others. And life for members of the so called family three women who were facing execution. At San -- some ', "daughter. Not a patient. The crime shocked the country just a few months after Charles Manson's drug family slaughtered  Sharon Tate  and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was ", "just a few months after Charles Manson's drug -- family slaughtered -- Sharon Tate and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was written in blood ", "Not a patient. The crime shocked the country just a few months after Charles Manson's drug family slaughtered actor  Sharon Tate  and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was ", "just a few months after Charles Manson's drug -- family slaughtered actor Sharon Tate and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was written in blood ", 'off that. Restaurant more squeaky was one of the original adherents of Charles Manson a man who let the family which  Sharon Tate  and at least seven other people in Los Angeles and 1969. But she herself was not a defendant in that trial she had ', 'adherents of Charles Manson a man who let the family which -- Sharon Tate and at least seven other people in Los Angeles and 1969. But she herself was not a defendant in that trial she ', "written with the blood of a beautiful young actress named  Sharon Tate . What did you see when you came A large amount rope that was on the floor. One in what's around  Sharon Tate 's. Neck. And then it up over the rafters here came ", "Mocking salute written with the blood of a beautiful young actress named Sharon Tate . What did you see when you came -- A large amount rope that was on the floor. One in what's around Sharon Tate's . Neck. And then it -- up over the rafters here came back down to the floor. She'd been stabbed multiple times. It's. ", "with his first Hollywood feature reason may be released in 1968. To make papers. The following year his actress wife  Sharon Tate  and their unborn son were murdered by followers of Charles Manson. China's hand followed in 1974. And then three ", "released in 1968. To make papers. The following year his actress wife Sharon Tate and their unborn son were murdered by followers of Charles Manson. China's hand followed in 1974. And then three years later the ", 'freedom after 37 years in prison. Susan Atkins was a member of the Manson family convicted in the 1969 murders of actress  Sharon Tate  and four others. Now she has brain cancer doctors say she has just months to live and she is raising questions about ', 'member of the Manson family convicted in the 1969 murders of actress Sharon Tate and four others. Now she has brain cancer doctors say she has just months to live and she is raising questions about. ', "and slaughtered in their homes. The beautiful actress  Sharon Tate  eight months pregnant and her friends shot and And then still hoping that Manson doesn't get away with anything  Sharon Tate 's sister went with that team to the desert it's important ", 'seemingly picked at random and slaughtered in their homes. The beautiful actress Sharon Tate eight months pregnant and her friends shot and -- And then the next night miles from the Tate murders a grocery executive ', "school teacher. But still hoping that Manson doesn't get away with anything Sharon Tate's sister went with that team to the desert it's important for -- to be able to help get closure. -- some families "]