["did it feel? It was great. It was embarrassing. My parents took me to see that star, not mine, of course, but  shirley temple 's. Did you have dreams at that time of stardom? No, no, I -- I had very low self-esteem. The kid from brooklyn ", "parents took me to see that star, not mine, of course, but shirley temple's . Did you have dreams at that time of stardom? No, no, I -- I had very low self-esteem. The kid from brooklyn ", "don't house but. just seem Rosie says. Not only she loved them but she thinks honey boo has a lot in common with  Shirley Temple . Hello Matt ward Howell and eye for talent. Aurora you know God also good news from inside ABC family one extended ", 'she thinks -- honey boo -- has a lot in common with Shirley Temple . Hello Matt ward Howell -- and -- eye for talent. Aurora you know -- God -- also -- good news from inside ', "Tinseltown. Everywhere are laughing talking and even plastic. drive our New York City feet under tents that can get that  Shirley Temple  here blowout. Eight dollars check out lewis' They are going to love it lately with a big smile on their and forget ", "drive our New York City feet under tents that can get that Shirley Temple here blowout. Eight dollars check out -- -- lewis' -- They are going to love it -- lately with a big smile ", "get like it will take a little bit. You know bridges and put that Jodie Foster went back. You know and the little  Shirley Temple  and hosted that and shake them up and let's get Peter. Two to drive this. On this album if you that let's critic ", "-- put that Jodie Foster went back. You know and the little Shirley Temple and hosted that -- and shake them up and let's get Peter. Two to drive this. On this album if you -- ", "we've combine a few different flavors the great is the base. We were all kids we had our first string Q is there  Shirley Temple  it was Bernadine. adding pineapple juice and I putting pineapple sticks. This is gonna make the string and give ", 'all kids -- -- we had our first string Q is there Shirley Temple it was Bernadine. -- adding pineapple juice and I putting pineapple sticks. This is gonna make the string and give a visual ', 'states she weathered a long. Rejection popped her commercials. And hair product. really bad hair I looked like.  Shirley Temple . First part she made it like a Tony nomination aged twelve then first movie role. And mountains channeled the spirit ', 'And -- hair product. -- -- really bad hair I looked like. Shirley Temple . First part she made it -- -- like a Tony nomination aged twelve then first movie role. And mountains -- channeled the ', 'parents it seems a willing to do anything that will enable their child to make it. And no shortage of role models from  Shirley Temple  to the Jonas Brothers the financial rewards can be incredible. But what are the costs of trying to make it as a child ', 'child to make it. And -- no shortage of role models from Shirley Temple to the Jonas Brothers the financial rewards can be incredible. But what are the costs of trying to make it as a ', 'parents it seems a willing to do anything that will enable their child to make it. And no shortage of role models from  Shirley Temple  to the Jonas Brothers the financial rewards can be incredible. But what are the costs of trying to make it as a child ', 'child to make it. And -- no shortage of role models from Shirley Temple to the Jonas Brothers the financial rewards can be incredible. But what are the costs of trying to make it as a ', "classic character does it becomes classic and it looks very much of another time. That's great if we are watching  Shirley Temple  movies that you're trying to reach today's girls boys You have to have something that looks like what you're ", "looks very much of another time. That's great if we are watching Shirley Temple movies that you're trying to reach today's girls -- boys -- You have to have something that looks like what you're seeing ", "Finally tonight babies and the box office we think about the history of young talent in the movie  Shirley Temple  comes to mind she made her film debut at the age of three. Which would be positively over the hill in today's Hollywood here's ", '-- we think about the history of young talent in the movie Shirley Temple -- comes to mind she made her film debut at the age of three. Which would be positively over the hill in ', 'One fan wrote in about arguably the most talented child star ever. Surely the most impressive the second act is  Shirley Temple  she went on to a career as ambassador at the United Nations. Pretty good going for the most famous child star of ', 'talented child star ever. Surely the most impressive the second act is Shirley Temple she went on to a career as ambassador at the United Nations. Pretty good going for the most famous child star of ']