['Asylum," FX Networks; Laura Linney, "The Big C: Hereafter," Showtime; Helen Mirren, "Phil Spector," HBO;  Sigourney Weaver , "Political Animals," USA; Elisabeth Moss, "Top of the Lake," Sundance Channel. Supporting Actor, Miniseries ', "Story: Asylum Laura Linney, The Big C: Hereafter Helen Mirren, Phil Spector Elisabeth Moss, Top of the Lake  Sigourney Weaver , Political Animals Lead Actor in a Miniseries or Movie Benedict Cumberbatch, Parade's End Matt Damon, Behind ", 'is a "no-brainer" for a nomination, Wilson said, along with its stars Michael Douglas and Matt Damon. Other possibilities include USA\'s "Political Animals" with  Sigourney Weaver  and HBO\'s "Phil Spector," starring Al Pacino.', 'Jessica Lange, "American Horror Story: Asylum" Sienna Miller, "The Girl" Julianne Moore, "Game Change"  Sigourney Weaver , "Political Animals" Best Performance by an Actor in a Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made For Television Kevin Costner ', 'plan and rewrites the federal budget. He befriends a Secret Service agent (Ving Rhames) and woos the first lady ( Sigourney Weaver ), two connections that follow him out of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue when he gives up the charade and launches his ', "From Frankenstein's Monster to Dracula: The Creatures That Shaped Guillermo Del Toro's Imagination", "depicted as strong masculine figures, Scott's 1979 film was among the first to present a strong action heroine ( Sigourney Weaver ) in an otherwise male-dominated genre. James Cameron's 1986 sequel empowered female characters even more by ", "The Election in 3 Minutes, No Comment from Papa Johns, Santorum Bowling, T-Paw's Yard Work, and Bain vs. Bane (PM Note)", 'TV Fiction - There\'s been a lot of buzz surrounding USA\'s new mini-series, "Political Animals" starring  Sigourney Weaver  as Elaine Hammond, America\'s Secretary of State. In Sunday night\'s debut you see Elaine, a former first lady ', 'There\'s been a lot of buzz surrounding USA\'s new mini-series, "Political Animals" starring  Sigourney Weaver  as Elaine Hammond, America\'s Secretary of State. In Sunday night\'s debut you see Elaine, a former first lady to a womanizing ', "Secretary of State Elaine Barrish Hammond, played by  Sigourney Weaver . She runs into similar issues with the press, after Greg Berlanti has made it no secret that he based  Sigourney Weaver 's character on a combination of Hillary Clinton ", 'really weird part of this business," she added. After her Sundance success, Olsen will join Robert De Niro,  Sigourney Weaver  and Cillian Murphy in the psychological thriller "Red Lights," the Hollywood Reporter is reporting today . The ', 'mouths, which causes their entire body to constrict," said Lapidus, who also coaches privately and has worked with  Sigourney Weaver  , Claire Danes and Debra Messing. "When an actress\'s body is relaxed and well-supported by proper breathing ', 'horror story asylum. Laura Linney the big seat after. Helen Mirren Phil Spector. Elizabeth on top of the lake. And  Sigourney Weaver  political animals. The nominees for outstanding host for reality or reality competition program are. Tom Bergeron ', 'Helen Mirren Phil Spector. Elizabeth -- on top of the lake. And Sigourney Weaver political animals. The nominees for outstanding host for reality or reality competition program are. Tom Bergeron Dancing With The Stars. Anthony board ', "of Nina in Banja and Sonia and Masha and Opposite  Sigourney Weaver  and David Hyde Pierce take a look. I write my own dying to be an actress is absolutely. In love with  Sigourney Weaver 's character and gets to how exciting and speaking ", "part of Nina in Banja and Sonia and Masha and -- Opposite Sigourney Weaver and David Hyde Pierce take a look. I write my own version of that play -- related how NCAA get. We'll be ", "girl dying to be an actress -- is absolutely. In love with Sigourney Weaver's character and -- -- -- -- gets to -- how exciting and speaking it's sort of -- -- imitating -- I would ", "thing you just with the scene of  Sigourney Weaver  and political animal on the talking here about how have  Sigourney Weaver  to the shop. in its yeah I cost. in you don't need it  Sigourney Weaver  you are fabulous. Smiling ", "there to stay and that thing you just with the scene of Sigourney Weaver and political animal -- on the US and network. And -- very shrewdly rather than sitting here just talking here about how -- have -- Sigourney Weaver to the shop. -- in its yeah I have an incident -- Such a pleasure to -- here is what what's the question to have UN to have known that poster right behind you -- which is intimidating had that look you know July. You to look at that. It's a look that you do that can -- recreate definitely not because I'm I'm not in my cost. -- in you don't need it -- Sigourney Weaver you are fabulous. Smiling. -- it now know enough. Your hand -- the secretary of state yes. Who has had a field ", "again starring Oscar nominee and Golden Globe winner  Sigourney Weaver  who joins us now. So many stars through this great a so love to have people down went into the city  Sigourney Weaver  thanks very much it's so great to be here thanks ", 'funny new movie you again starring Oscar nominee and Golden Globe winner Sigourney Weaver who joins us now. So many stars through this -- great to have great being here so friendly is one of my ', "a -- so love to have people down went into the city Sigourney Weaver thanks very much it's so great to be here thanks see you again opens in theaters this Friday. September 24. ", 'Actress explains latest news on sequels to "Alien," "Avatar," and "Ghostbusters."', "You know  Sigourney Weaver  three time Oscar nominee no surprise there but the movie that we're talking about today. Wally I can't say to a recent movements ", "You know Sigourney Weaver three time Oscar nominee no surprise there but the movie that we're talking about today. Wally I can't say to a recent "]