['glamour away." Watson\'s admission is in stark contrast to the very movie she is promoting, "The Bling Ring," a  Sofia Coppola -directed film based on a real gang of teens who broke into the home of stars while they were at public events. Watson ', 'were doing. In another twist worthy of Hollywood film, a film with a similar plot had just been screened at Cannes.  Sofia Coppola \'s "The Bling Ring" is about celebrity-obsessed teenagers in Los Angeles who follow movie stars online and break ', 'affected the Soviet people. Famous Birthdays 1936 Bobby Darin 1944 George Lucas 1961 Tim Roth 1969 Cate Blanchett 1971  Sofia Coppola  1983 Amber Tamblyn 1984 Mark Zuckerberg 1993 Miranda Cosgrove', 'Jack Schwartzman. His uncle is acclaimed director Francis Ford Coppola and his cousins are Nicholas Cage and director  Sofia Coppola  , who cast him as King Louis XVI in her 2006 movie "Marie Antoinette," starring Kirsten Dunst. Despite his prestigious ', 'a less-chic term. It was this strange mix. Think fairy tales cut with Kafka, which first drew the attention of  Sofia Coppola . Beguiled by the boys\' tunes, Coppola commissioned Air to record the soundtrack for her film "The Virgin Suicides ', "at Versailles, and it's breathtaking. This is the first movie I've seen where a chair steals the scene. What  Sofia Coppola 's tried to do, I realized, is not tell us the story but show us the story. And she almost succeeds. Watching ", "at Versailles, and it's breathtaking. This is the first movie I've seen where a chair steals the scene. What  Sofia Coppola 's tried to do, I realized, is not tell us the story but show us the story. And she almost succeeds. Watching ", 'match the potency of Dan Brown\'s thriller. Tom Hanks and Audrey Tautou star in the film. "Marie-Antoinette" --  Sofia Coppola  is one of three female directors in competition for the Palme d\'Or. Filmed in Paris, this modernist period piece ', 'Walsh, Philippa Boyens & Peter Jackson, "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King." Original Screenplay:  Sofia Coppola , "Lost in Translation." Animated Feature: "Finding Nemo." Art Direction: "The Lord of the Rings: The Return ', 'Rules," last summer\'s heist caper "The Italian Job" and such flops as "Reindeer Games" and "Sweet November."  Sofia Coppola \'s Oscar victory for original screenplay for "Lost in Translation" made her family the second clan of three-generation ', "daughter was a shoe-in for best actress? Still, that didn't happen. This year, however, we will see history, if  Sofia Coppola  wins best original screenplay for Lost in Translation. The Coppola family would then join the Huston clan as Hollywood's ", "adventure so real, the snack bars sell popcorn, soft drinks and Dramamine. No. 6: Lost in Translation This is  Sofia Coppola 's second film, and she could be the first American woman ever nominated for a best directing Oscar. She deserves ", 'all that glitters is now gone. Talk about a coincidence because the dramatic heist takes place on the same night of  sofia coppola \'s premiere of her movie "bling ring" a story of a group of l.A. Teenagers breaking into the homes of the rich ', 'coincidence because the dramatic heist takes place on the same night of sofia coppola\'s premiere of her movie "bling ring" a story of a group of l.A. Teenagers breaking into the homes of the rich and ', "training A movie that physical. You know it is it's a different for me kind of just on this movie. Somewhere with  Sofia Coppola  where it I just finished shooting and then asked thing now thank you have of that I meant a lot to me in the news like ", 'a different for me kind of just on this movie. Somewhere with Sofia Coppola where it I just finished shooting and then asked thing now thank you have of that -- I meant a lot to ', "in hits like bring it on. And Spider-Man. You. Name. But she's also embraced less conventional roles like in  Sofia Coppola 's the virgin suicides. We've been linking them. And hands. know what I want my house like that one blonde woman ", "Spider-Man. You. Name. But she's also embraced less conventional roles like in Sofia Coppola's the virgin suicides. -- We've been linking them. And -- hands. -- know what I want my house like that one blonde ", "is the palace adverse side. taking the first movie I've seen where the furniture steals his scenes with director  Sofia Coppola 's tried to do I realize does not tell us the story. But show the story. And almost succeeds. Maria had filled ", "first movie I've seen where the furniture steals his scenes with director Sofia Coppola's tried to do I realize does not tell us the story. But show -- the story. And -- almost succeeds. Maria -- "]