['NEW: The baby, third in line to the British throne, is Prince George of Cambridge', 'Catherine says, "It\'s such a special time," while William says, "He\'s got her looks, thankfully"', "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announced Wednesday that they've named their new bundle of joy. ", 'The tot "will be known as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge," according to Clarence House, the official residence of heirs to the throne.', 'Earlier Wednesday, word came that the couple are doing what new parents do: They are enjoying some incredibly sweet moments alone with their baby.', 'The official statement said William and Catherine are now down to the business of getting "to know their son."', "Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, depart St. Mary's Hospital with their newborn son on Tuesday, July 23, in London. The boy was born at 4:24 p.m. Monday, weighing 8 pounds, 6 ounces.", 'A Kensington Palace spokesman said: "Mother, son and father are all doing well this morning." ', 'The couple is "still working on a name," William said, "so we\'ll have that as soon as we can." But he added, "He\'s got her looks, thankfully."', '"It\'s very special," said William. The prince has already changed his first diaper, the couple told reporters.', 'The new parents leave the hospital Tuesday evening with William carrying the boy out in a car seat and installing him in the back of a black SUV for the trip to Kensington Palace.', 'Well-wishers see the royal couple off after getting a glimpse of the newest heir to the British throne.', 'The parents and the perhaps future king left Kensington Palace in London by car around lunchtime, UK media reported. The couple has been mum about their immediate schedules.', "British media were feverishly reporting where they might be, with the consensus being that the couple and child went to the village of Bucklebury, where Catherine's parents live.", 'Earlier Wednesday, Queen Elizabeth II went to Kensington Palace to see the newborn for the first time. Uncle Harry paid a visit, too, the palace told reporters.', "The public got its first look at the child Tuesday evening, outside the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital in London.", '"So we\'ll have that as soon as we can...," William said. "It\'s the first time we\'ve seen him really, so we\'re having a proper chance to catch up."', 'Many bets were placed as the public waited for the announcement. British bookmakers Ladbrokes had George and James as favorites Wednesday, followed by Alexander, Arthur, Louis and Henry.', "William's name was announced a few days after birth; his brother Harry's upon leaving the hospital.", 'The baby has a "good pair of lungs," the prince told well-wishers Tuesday evening. "He\'s got her looks, thankfully."', 'They took turns holding little George, wrapped in a cream-colored blanket. The parents waved.', "The 8-pound, 6-ounce boy was born Monday afternoon. He's third in line, behind Charles and William, to the British throne.", 'As well as ruling the United Kingdom, George Alexander Louis could one day be king of 15 other commonwealth countries that have the British monarch as head of state if none change their constitution in the meantime.', 'The Auckland War Memorial Museum in New Zealand is lit blue on Wednesday, July 24, to celebrate the birth of a baby boy to Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge. Catherine gave birth to the boy at 4:24 p.m. July 22. He weighed 8 pounds, 6 ounces. A name has not been announced for the child, who is third in line to the British throne.', 'Members of the Honourable Artillery Company fire a salute at the Tower of London on Tuesday, July 23, to mark the birth of a son to Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge.', 'People gather outside Buckingham Palace in London on July 23 to read the notice announcing the birth of the royal baby. The news was placed in the forecourt of Buckingham Palace on July 22.', 'Crew members of the British warship HMS Lancaster celebrate the birth of the royal baby on patrol in the Caribbean in a handout photo released July 23.', 'A sand sculpture was created by sand artist Sudarshan Pattnaik to celebrate the birth in Puri, India, on July 23.', "People clamor for their chance to see and photograph the birth announcement that was placed on a golden easel by the queen's press secretary on July 22.", 'The London Eye Ferris wheel on the banks of the Thames is lit up in red, blue and white to mark the birth of the boy on July 22.', 'The fountains at Trafalgar Square are lit blue to signify the birth of a boy on July 22.', "Royal fans celebrate the announcement of the birth of a boy to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at St. Mary's Hospital in London on July 22. ", "Hayley Simmonds, an employee at the British restaurant and grocery Tea & Sympathy, celebrates the birth on July 22 by hanging a sign in the store's window in New York.", "Karen Milne, left, of Scotland wears a mask of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, as she and friends celebrate the royal birth at Ye Olde King's Head English Pub in Santa Monica, California, on July 22.", 'Revelers crowd against the railing of Buckingham Palace in London after an official notice proclaiming the birth was put on display on July 22.', 'Crowds gather outside Buckingham Palace on July 22 after the announcement of the birth.', "The queen's press secretary, Ailsa Anderson, left, and Badar Azim, a palace footman, place the official birth announcement on a golden easel in front of Buckingham Palace on July 22.", 'Crowds gathered outside Buckingham Palace cheer as Anderson places the birth announcement in front of the palace on July 22. ', "A town crier reads the announcement of the birth outside the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital in London on July 22.", "Two of the gynecologists who attended to the duchess, Marcus Setchell, center, and Alan Farthing, right, leave the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital on July 22.", "Media gather outside the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital in London on July 22 as they await news of the birth.", "Crowds gather outside Buckingham Palace in London as news of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge's, labor arrives on July 22. ", "A Buckingham Palace official on July 22 hands the birth announcement to a colleague in a car to be driven from St. Mary's Hospital in London to Buckingham Palace.", "Police guard the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Hospital in London as crowds gather and await news of the birth of the first child of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on July 22.", "Royal supporters are interviewed by a television crew outside St. Mary's Hospital on July 22.", "Crowds gather behind a barricade outside St. Mary's Hospital as they wait for news of the birth on July 22.", "Hospital staff look out over a gathering crowd at St. Mary's Hospital in London on July 22.", "Royal fan Teba Diatta stands outside St. Mary's Hospital with a cake decorated for the occasion on July 22.", "Royal supporter Margaret Tyler holds decorative balloons as she waits outside St. Mary's Hospital in London on Saturday, July 20.", 'On their way out of the hospital, the couple walked down the same steps where Diana, Princess of Wales, and Prince Charles gave the world its first look at Prince William 31 years ago.', 'William placed the teeny royal heir in a car seat in the back of a black sport utility vehicle, then got behind the wheel for the trip to their residence at Kensington Palace.', 'The grand apartment they will eventually move into within the palace, Apartment 1A, is still being refurbished, so William and Catherine have been living in a small cottage in the grounds.', "The internal renovation work at Kensington Palace is due to be completed in the fall. The duke and duchess' staff will also move into refurbished offices there, according to Buckingham Palace accounts released last month.", 'The late Diana moved into Kensington Palace after marrying Prince Charles in 1981. William and Harry were raised there.', 'When she died in 1997, mourners laid flowers and tributes outside the palace gates.', 'On Tuesday, London reverberated with the sound of cannon fire and peals of bells to mark the birth.', 'Shortly before the new baby\'s departure from St. Mary\'s, Prince Charles stopped by for a brief visit with his first grandchild, accompanied by his wife, Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. He told reporters it was "marvelous."', 'And Catherine\'s parents, Carole and Michael Middleton, visited earlier. As grandmothers tend to do, she described her grandbaby as "absolutely beautiful."', '"It was so exciting. It was fantastic," said Eliza Wells, one of the well-wishers gathered outside the hospital. "The crowd erupted, because everyone\'s been waiting so long for it."', 'William and Catherine "both seemed very relaxed, even with the press there and the crowd," Wells said. "They just seemed like a normal couple."', 'Royal commentators said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will try to give their son as regular an upbringing as possible.', 'But the intense media interest in the birth of the new prince highlights the challenge his parents face in trying to protect his privacy and maintain a degree of normalcy.', '"This baby has two things stopping it from being normal," historian Kate Williams said. "No. 1, it lives in a life of incredible wealth and privilege. ... No. 2, it is an incredible celebrity, and we\'ve seen this with the coverage."', 'But Prince William loved that his mother tried to give him as normal a childhood as possible, including trips to the cinema and an amusement park, and sending him to a local private school as a boy. "And that\'s what he wants for little baby Cambridge," Williams offered.', "Although the excitement over his birth is not universal, there's no doubting the level of global interest in the prince.", 'On Monday, there were more than 19 million Facebook interactions related to the royal baby, according to the site.', 'Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William introduced their son to the world as they left the hospital. ', "It's a boy! Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, and husband Prince William welcomed their first child - baby son.", 'Think you know all you could ever want to about royal babies amid all the excitement about the new arrival? Well did you know this...', 'Let us least spare a thought for the unfortunate newborn caught, through no fault other than his ancestry, in the global spotlight, Simon Hooper writes.', "Britain's royals are a pretty traditional bunch when it comes to picking baby names -- so what are the chances of a Queen Ella or King Terry?", "Confused by who's linked to who in the royal family? Explore the Middleton and Windsor branches of our interactive family tree.", "There's a treat in store for anyone in Britain whose baby arrives on the same day Catherine delivers a royal heir -- the gift of a silver coin.", 'All eyes have been on the Duchess of Cambridge since she and Prince William announced they were expecting a baby.', 'The world watched when they were married in the wedding of the year -- now all eyes are on William and Kate ahead of their new arrival.', 'As well as being wonderful news for the royal couple the new baby will have positive implications for the future of the UK monarchy.', "Prince William has spent decades in the public eye. Follow the royal's life in pictures, from baby to proud father-to-be.", "Changes to the law mean Prince William and Catherine's new baby will be heir to the British throne, whether it is a boy or a girl.", 'Catherine has proved quite the fashionista since being catapulted into the limelight thanks to her appearance in a university catwalk show.', "Get all the latest news, photos and videos on Kate and William's baby and the rest of the royal family."]