['An increasing number of women are entering the legal profession. But female lawyers are still struggling to become partners at top firms. ', 'After four years at the helm, Ilene Gordon has helped steer Ingredion to sales of $6 billion for the first time, making her one of only 21 women to run a Fortune 500 company.', 'J.K. Rowling has penned a thriller under a male pseudonym. But who else has chosen to write novels under a cloak of masculinity? ', 'As Malala Yousafzai prepares to lead the first ever youth takeover of the U.N., we meet five other campaigners around the world. ', 'Meet Zhang Xin -- the woman who rose from the faceless assembly line of a Beijing factory to a property magnate richer than Donald Trump.', 'In 2012, women made up 18% of directors, EPs, producers, writers, cinematographers and editors working on the top 250 U.S.-grossing films.', "While traveling in the Earth's orbit over 240 miles up, astronaut Karen Nyberg joined Leading Women anchor Becky Anderson for a live interview .", 'In "Slumdog Millionaire," Freida Pinto won plaudits for portraying a girl groomed for prostitution. Now she works to save girls from the same fate.', "Whether you're lucky enough to score tickets to the event or you're watching from home, here are five athletes look out for on the court.", "An excavation is taking place on Mount Carmel, fabled site of the Prophet Elijah's burning alter. And every person on the dig is a woman.", 'From bold magazine covers to scrapping the print edition of Newsweek, editor Tina Brown is no stranger to taking risks. ', 'Travel through time in this CNN interactive which celebrates the amazing achievements of the women in space.', 'Gianna Angelopoulos was called in to take charge when Athens was behind schedule for the 2004 Olympic Games.', "With two former winners nominated for the Women's Prize for Fiction, this year's shortlist highlights the literary world's female power players.", "See the full coverage of CNN's Leading Women -- the show that connects you to extraordinary women who have made it to the top."]