['This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', ', nevada, climbed to at least ten, this as ntsb investigators try to piece together what caused the disaster. ', 'good morning, lester. it turns out that plane, the galloping ghost had been heavily modified, its wings clipped and engine suped up for speed. did the modifications have anything to do with the cause of the crash? new video has emerged shot by the wilson family from newburgh, oregon, capturing the crash at the point of impact.', "we're looking right up at the fusela fuselage, meaning i'm looking at the prop and right up the fuselage. it's coming in direction for us.", 'the man who shot this other video, licensed by nbc news, said it appeared to him that the pilot was trying to avoid the crowd.', "to be honest it's really hard for me to talk about because there was about one to one and a half seconds that he was pointed right at us, i start to flinch, and then he pulls up miraculous miraculously from my family, he pulls up, and misses the bleachers.", "i know it will do the video. the systems aren't proven yet. we think they're going to be okay.", "but were they okay? this picture appears to show the cockpit empty. a veteran crash investigator tells nbc news there's lots of speculation about whether heavy ", 'in the frantic aftermath of the crash, volunteers rushed in to help. some fueled up an old ', ' on display and flew victims to the hospital. one of the patients they transported ed larson.', "the thing crashes right behind me and all i remember was trying to run, is i see stuff coming, and then that's the last thing i remember.", "he had metal fragments in his head, back and legs and he's very grateful to those volunteers.", 'as he and the other injured victims continue to recover, the investigation into the causes of the crash continues.', 'and the ntsb investigators returned to washington with some key components of the plane, their analysis could take months. lester?']