['when he became governor in 2010 the state\'s image was being shaped by the mob drama "The Sopranos" and reality shows " Jersey Shore " and "The Real Housewives of New Jersey." Christie, who has become a national figure in his three years as governor ', 'Some residents of a  Jersey shore  town say they don\'t want reality star  Nicole  " Snooki "  Polizzi  to benefit from efforts the new season of her " Jersey Shore " spinoff, " Snooki  and JWoww." Some homeowners ', 'when he became governor in 2010 the state\'s image was being shaped by the mob drama "The Sopranos" and reality shows " Jersey Shore " and "The Real Housewives of New Jersey." Christie, who has become a national figure in his three years as governor ', "Snooki  On Her Weight Loss: 'I'm the Size of a Fifth Grader, I'm Supposed to be Small!'", 'Getty Images for SELF Magazine) After  Snooki  revealed a slimmer figure on a red carpet supposed to be small. Accept it!"  Snooki  Reveals Dramatic Weight Loss  Snooki , whose real name is  Nicole Polizzi , gave birth to a son, Lorenzo , last ', 'to son Lorenzo,  Nicole  " Snooki " Polizi, 25 loss. Related:  Snooki  Says She\'s Ready 2 The former " Jersey Shore " star was in New and black heels.  Snooki  was once the life six seasons on " Jersey Shore ," now it\'s been alone. Read How  Snooki  Works Out in Style ', 'there." Torres also made something else very clear: these are not like other celebrity earbuds. Sure, everyone from  Snooki  to Tim Tebow has their name on the designer audio equipment, but the 12-time Olympic medalist was very involved in the ', 'what the weather, the  Jersey Shore  is ready to show all Belmar was among the first  Jersey Shore  boardwalks to reopen efforts and a shot of  Snooki  love, iconic Seaside getting people back to the  Jersey Shore , Caesars Entertainment ', 'Dictionary named "refudiate" the 2010 word of the year . So congrats, or something. Honorable mentions: John McCain and  Snooki  bond on Twitter over tanning taxes, Eva Longoria retweets racially-charged remark at Mitt Romney, initially denies ', 'tourism in the Aloha State.  Snooki  From the beaches of Seaside Heights the New Jersey state house,  Nicole  " Snooki "  Polizzi \'s influence is felt all over named after the star of MTV\'s " Jersey Shore ," gives local officials more ', 'CES 2013 Wrap-Up: The Must-See Gadgets, Innovations and Crazy From the Giant Tech Show', "HapiFork pairs with your phone to tell you about your eating speed and meals. 5. The Oddities Mind-controlled cat ears .  Snooki 's Couture headphones with built-in earrings and her bling-bling shoe landline phone. And a potty with a built-in ", 'research projects with all sorts of universities," David Westendorf, VP Marketing NeuroSky, told ABC News. CES 2013:  Snooki \'s Crazy Headphones But, of course, at CES they were showing something more flashy with the MindWave - a way to fly ', 'Press/Getty Images)  Nicole  " Snooki "  Polizzi  is ready for motherhood baby Lorenzo, the " Jersey Shore " star told Cosmopolitan fiance Jionni LaValle,  Snooki  said, "Jionni and Off Their Baby Bumps  Snooki \'s motherly desires ', 'you know, girly,"  Snooki  told ABC News in an today. And that, " Jersey Shore " fans, is all you really need to know about  Snooki \'s new line of audio and tech gear called " Snooki  Couture by  Nicole Polizzi ," which debuted at ', "'Snooki' lends a hand to help her fellow New Jersey residents impacted by Hurricane Sandy.", "Jersey Shore  ground breaking for so many reasons breakout stars of MTV's hit reality show  Jersey Shore . Adopted at birth by Italian American So please welcome the queen of the  Jersey Shore  and Nicole Smith keep public see may ", "Jersey Shore ground breaking for so many reasons that we can't setting on morning TV but here's one that we can mention. This season ", "Has become one of the breakout stars of MTV's hit reality show Jersey Shore . Adopted at birth by Italian American families from Marlborough New York. His 23 year old reality phenomenon. Has launched herself into. World ", "the law. He's here just. So please welcome the queen of the Jersey Shore and Nicole Smith keep public see may well again GM I -- give everybody is it really huge crowd here to seeing ", 'heat index."  Snooki \'s transformation member of "the  jersey shore ." Now, she reality scene on " jersey shore ," four years ago.  Nicole polizzi \'s star has her show, " snooki  and j. Wow like where did  snooki  go?  Snooki \'s ', 'now, burning up "the heat index." Snooki\'s transformation. She got famous as a hard-partying cast member of "the jersey shore ." Now, she has a new look. Dropping weight, her nickname and drinking. All of the bathrooms were taken. Reporter: Ever since she exploded on the tv reality scene on " jersey shore ," four years ago. Nicole polizzi\'s star has been on the rise. Now, 25. The pint-sized media mogul, who is about to begin start filming the new season of her show, " snooki and j. Wow" is embracing a new passion, fitness. How much have you lost? Probably 50 pounds. It took months to see ', "I eat a lot of chicken and vegetables. It's like where did snooki go? Snooki's gone. Nicole's here. Reporter: Did you have plastic surgery? Absolutely nop president I've never been under the knife. I never had anesthesia. ", 'issue of us weekly the star  Jersey Shore  is speaking out for the Chris. Good morning George  Snooki  is having a baby. And fans of  Jersey Shore  may be having a cow what once. When the only thing  Nicole Snooki  pollutes the expecting it ', "fitting by the reality star. Am I nor -- -- fitness fun. Snooki told us she's sorry about all that line but wanted to play it safe by waiting until she was three months a long before getting word out. She says she's sworn off caffeine and alcohol but admits -- some -- in Las Vegas just days before her positive tests. She freaked out because she did go out. And party quite a bit on New Year's -- but obviously those days are now over for her while she prepares for -- Buffy is currently shooting a Jersey Shore spinoff with jwoww says he says her larger than life -- won't be living in the Jersey Shore house next summer. -- she says she may visit. And -- for kicking it at a club while pregnant -- yes -- calls that behavior disgusting. Remind us what universe is. This and classic smokey bash at the way she described her morning sickness -- she sat. Feel really hung over that's more like it. What will happen to the ratings monster that is Jersey sure not -- Snooki on the Jersey Shore on. He'll be a real challenge -- MTV. She is a big reason why people -- And so if it seems as if so much has changed about Snooki in a very short time at least one thing remains the same. -- she put it last summer why do you think ", "can't exactly aliens they have it's good times expunge our anti have fun to all right we in the new show everybody  Snooki  and jwoww. It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good yesterday he congratulations and I don't ", "fun to all right we -- -- in the new show everybody Snooki and jwoww. It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good -- yesterday he congratulations and I don't all the ", "fast lane may be over  Jersey Shore  star  Nicole Snooki  But that doesn't the beach that's  Jersey Shore  star that holds the raising a ruckus and  Jersey Shore  after the series then season of the spin off  Snooki  and she and fiance ", "life in the all night party fast lane may be over -- Jersey Shore star Nicole Snooki -- But that doesn't mean she's slowing down juggling motherhood. And red hot career this reality TV queen sits down with -- ABC's Chris -- to discuss her long road to fame. And how she plans to stand on top. Look who's ready to get back on the beach that's Jersey Shore star that holds the people -- Let us weekly cover -- having dropped 42. Just six months after giving birth to her ", "the new normal. Coming after six seasons of raising a ruckus and Jersey Shore after the series then. -- sandy devastated and sure last year. She aided by fundraising effort now what she awaits a possible third season of the spin off Snooki and she and fiance Giuliani Le -- are living in his parents' basement. Not that -- it turns out. From where this ", 'WELCOME BACK. IN HER NEW SHOW,  SNOOKI  AND J-WOWW, PLEASE WELCOME YOUR PARTNER IN CRIME HERE,  SNOOKI  WAS SUPPOSED TO BE WITH US THIS A LIFE SIZE RECREATION OF  SNOOKI ? IT IS. IS SHE THAT TALL THE FAMOUS SCENES FROM THE " JERSEY SHORE " IS JUST GOING CRAZED. YOU\'LL ', 'HEY, WELCOME BACK. IN HER NEW SHOW, SNOOKI AND J-WOWW, PLEASE WELCOME JENNY "J-WOWW." . THANK YOU FOR BRINGING YOUR FRIEND. YOU CAN\'T BARE TO BE APART. I CAN\'T. WE WERE SUPPOSED TO HAVE YOUR PARTNER IN CRIME HERE, SNOOKI WAS SUPPOSED TO BE WITH US TODAY. HOWEVER, SHE\'S REALLY NOT FEELING WELL. SHE\'S REALLY PREGNANT. SHE\'S REALLY, REALLY GETTING CLOSE. HOW ', 'OF ICE CREAM. AND MOVIE. IS THIS A LIFE SIZE RECREATION OF SNOOKI ? IT IS. IS SHE THAT TALL? SHE\'S 4\'8", 4\'9" THIS, IS HER, THIS IS MY BOO. HOW IS THAT -- PREGNANCY AFFECTING ']