['Hall of Fame broadcaster Tim McCarver announced on Wednesday that he will leave his post as the lead baseball analyst for FOX Sports following the conclusion of the ...', "With release of Jackie Robinson movie, don't forget baseball's other black pioneers", 'Baseball great Stan Musial died on January 19. He was 92.In September 2007, I was invited to speak to a civic group in St. Louis. I told the person who invited me I ...', 'Many prominent Latino baseball stars are connected to a clinic that has administered performance-enhancing drugs, according to an explosive report in the Miami New T...', "James Fenimore Cooper's hometown school retires Redskins nickname; students found it offensive", "Athletes in James Fenimore Cooper's hometown will no longer take the field as the Redskins.The school board in the upstate New York village of Cooperstown voted 6-to...", "Manny Machado belted a three-run homer and drove in four runs, and Chris Davis added a solo shot in Baltimore's 6-1 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the sweep of ...", 'A bloody sock worn by Curt Schilling while pitching for the Boston Red Sox in Game 2 of the 2004 World Series against the St. Louis Cardinals was sold for $92,613 at...', 'Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter, whose single for the New York Mets in the 1986 World Series touched off one of the most improbable rallies in baseball, died Thursd...', "Maybe getting a room for Hall of Fame induction weekend in Cooperstown won't be that hard after all.The Baseball Writers Association of America, aka the most powerfu...", 'Baseball Hall of Fame member Earl Weaver, who managed the Baltimore Orioles, died from an apparent heart attack while on a Caribbean cruise. He was 82.Weaver was in ...', "NL MVPs Marty Marion and Bucky Walters, and former New York Yankees owner Jacob Ruppert are among 10 candidates on the ballot for the baseball Hall of Fame's pre-int...", 'Philadelphia writer Paul Hagen was selected as the winner of the 2013 J.G. Taylor Spink Award on Tuesday and will be honored at the Baseball Hall of Fame next summer...', 'NEW YORK (Reuters) - Whitey Herzog , a six-time division winner and manager of the 1982 World Series champion St. Louis Cardinals , and umpire Doug Harvey have been ...', 'Scott leads Miami over Hawaii 73-58; No. 4 Arizona awaits at Diamond Head Classic', 'Durand Scott scored 20 points and Julian Gamble added 16 points and 13 rebounds as Miami defeated Hawaii 73-58 in the first round of the Diamond Head Classic on Satu...', 'Hall of Famer Bob Knight is selling his championship basketball rings and Olympic gold medal for what he considers a very good reason: the education of his grandchil...', 'Column: Bob Knight auctions his NCAA rings. Are more interesting souvenirs in his future?', "Here are a few things you won't find among the many items Bob Knight is putting on the auction block over the next two months in New York:The tampon he left in one o..."]