['I\'m in the bedroom with  sofia vergara . Never thought I would say that. It will never happen again Thank you for watching as "modern family" week continues.  Sofia vergara  -- thank you, we love you. On fire. Tomorrow, by the way ', "I'm in the bedroom with sofia vergara . Never thought I would say that. It will never happen again. It's time for the big reveal. Debbie russo, graphics designer from ", 'ali wasn\'t watching. Thank you for watching as "modern family" week continues. Sofia vergara -- thank you, we love you. On fire. Tomorrow, by the way, lara, ', 'family." Hilarious and gorgeous, live in our studio,  sofia vergara , everyone. Nice to see now. How are you? Great SEPTEMBER 23rd. Everybody, the lovely and talented  sofia vergara . and again, "modern family" returns abc, wednesday ', 'abc hit show, "modern family." Hilarious and gorgeous, live in our studio, sofia vergara , everyone. Nice to see now. How are you? Great, great. Hello. Great. What a treat. How is it going? Very good, very ', 'will see you out THERE SEPTEMBER 23rd. Everybody, the lovely and talented sofia vergara . and again, "modern family" returns abc, wednesday, SEPTEMBER 26th. ', 'Amy, back to you. Always a delight to welcome "modern family\'s"  sofia vergara  to our "good morning america" family. The new look, the blond locks and a message she wants to share with everyone and sofia ', 'Amy, back to you. Always a delight to welcome "modern family\'s" sofia vergara to our "good morning america" family. The new look, the blond locks and a message she wants to share with everyone and ', 'don\'t like -- she\'s on fire.  Sofia vergara  is the red-hot star of "modern endorsement deals alone. Reporter:  Sofia vergara  sat down with "nightline\'s trillion in consumer spend zmrg  sofia vergara  is the cocrossover star that I ', 'on television. Baby mama -- I don\'t like -- she\'s on fire. Sofia vergara is the red-hot star of "modern family." At 40 years old, she\'s got a reason to celebrate. Forbes magazine estimates the colombian-born ', 'spanish. She\'s earning more than $12 million in endorsement deals alone. Reporter: Sofia vergara sat down with "nightline\'s" cynthia McFADDEN EARLIER THIS SUMMER. Her million-dollar looks and latin appeal have made her a hot commodity. The hispanic market in the u.S. Is estimated to be something over $1 trillion in consumer spend zmrg sofia vergara is the cocrossover star that I feel that u.S. Is looking for. Surprise, gloria! I came to do yoga . I wasn\'t ', "Have you here really great premiere I am not here I mean he was in motion that Enhancement has right here. I mean easing. I don't think I can to means that. A perfect job and surpass activities that perfect for me. Were you shocked when you read this script that you or your character Gloria was", "Oh, yes. Time for another of  sofia vergara 's modern makeovers. Get it? We give sofia and her team ten minutes to transform this room. This is what it looked like before ", "Oh, yes. Time for another of sofia vergara's modern makeovers. Get it? We give sofia and her team ten minutes to transform this room. This is what it looked like ", 'The "Modern Family" star gives a behind the scenes account of her wardrobe malfunction.', "question. Memoir, 14? Yes. I know it sounds crazy. I learned so much in my 14 years of life. I want people to know what my life was before in california. One of the things you confess. You're saying, there's no shame in being a self-confessed momma's boy. It's true. I'm not afraid to admit it. Why", '"Modern Family" actress also discusses her touching speech from the awards show.', "A single mom who came to this country and made it big. is the red hot star of the hit sitcom modern family here on ABC. In many ways to show reflects the change in reality of the American family. In her spare time she's launched a line of clothing for women who won her hot Hollywood flair for less.", "We turn out of one of Hollywood's hottest actress says. It was a role written just for her and it really isn't possible to imagine anyone else like Sophia playing the hot mom Gloria. On modern family. The actress sat down with ABC's Cynthia McFadden to talk about her successful career and your real", "And now it's time for the skinny and our first story and I really remember Susan Boyle okay. Exactly that makes it a little bit better that just ended. Well she apparently. Miss having a real problem with her neighbors they say that she's singing. All the time she sings in the morning in the night", "Now let's listen exhibit tomorrow But that's another story you won't believe who is single again fresh from a break up went boyfriend about two years don't want and only. Act although and they. Are back on the losing cores of the big you know star about modern here is 39 years old. just that we did", 'Campaign aims to raise funds for student recovering from flesh-eating infection.', "But not everybody Oh yeah. Nice to see if I think you know I have do you think another and there's no graceful way to. I think you know this season start. Again the dvd today is out today in the us congratulations. They have been very excited I mean five. It is that didn't think that that that's a"]