['Supporting Actress, Comedy Series: Mayim Bialik, "The Big Bang Theory," CBS; Jane Lynch, "Glee," FOX;  Sofia Vergara , "Modern Family," ABC; Julie Bowen, "Modern Family," ABC; Merritt Wever, "Nurse Jackie," Showtime; Jane ', 'Hale, Veep Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series Mayim Bialik, The Big Bang Theory Jane Lynch, Glee  Sofia Vergara , Modern Family Julie Bowen, Modern Family Merritt Wever, Nurse Jackie Jane Krakowski, 30 Rock Anna Chlumsky, Veep ', 'that they\'re prettier when they have no makeup on.  Sofia Vergara , 41, will hear none of that. In the latest edition comes to a daily beauty regimen - Gisele Bundchen.  Sofia Vergara  Shares Her Wedding Plans - Or Lack Of Plans "Most of ', 'of it, the better." This isn\'t the first time Hollywood has been accused of typecasting women of color. MORE:  Sofia Vergara  Called Highest-Paid Actress on Television Actress Octavia Spencer, who is African-American, won an Academy award ', 'she said. "And that\'s okay." Martinez thinks Varela was misguided when he went on Colombian radio to argue that  Sofia Vergara  was damaging the image of Latinas in the U.S. Similarly, Martinez disagreed with Julio when he went after The Daily ', "Image credit: Kevin Mazur/Getty Images Call it the  Sofia Vergara  affect. Colombian women op the list of the world's sexiest nationalities, according to a new survey, with one in four American ", 'Cards" were just a few stars seen on the red carpet. "There\'s so many beautiful celebrities here," said actress  Sofia Vergara . PHOTOS: White House Correspondents\' Dinner 2013 Celebrities anticipated what jokes President Obama would tell this ', "White House Correspondents' Dinner: Stars, Politicians, Journalists Convene for 'Nerd Prom'", 'affectionally referred to as the "Nerd Prom." "Modern Family" stars Julie Bowen, Ty Burrell, Eric Stonestreet and  Sofia Vergara  will also be sitting at the ABC table, along with"Nashville" stars Connie Britton, Hayden Panetierre and Charles ', 'Dinner 2013 It was the one night out of 364 when stars like "Veep\'s" Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Modern Family\'s"  Sofia Vergara  and "Scandal\'s" Tony Goldwyn took the red carpet as guests of the media and newsmakers alongside inside-the-beltway ', 'face I have seen is Angelina Jolie," agreed Rainy.  Sofia Vergara  Tommy wrote that he thought People\'s choice was star, 40, would\'ve been a more exciting choice: " Sofia Vergara  should\'ve grabbed this one!" Kate Middleton "Most ', 'Terrorist - Laugh good-naturedly over "chancleta" jokes, even if you were never spanked. - Have an opinion about  Sofia Vergara , and be prepared to defend it on Twitter. - Do not watch telenovelas. That\'s for your grandmother. ["Abwela ', 'place here. Let\'s welcome tv\'s sexiest mom to the program.  Sofia vergara , "modern family." Emmy-winning show returned in top form last rhythm. It has to be like -- we\'re going to have much more with  sofia vergara  when we', 'just took place here. Let\'s welcome tv\'s sexiest mom to the program. Sofia vergara , "modern family." Emmy-winning show returned in top form last night. What a great episode. When gloria finally reveals that she is pregnant. ', 'I\'m in the bedroom with  sofia vergara . Never thought I would say that. It will never happen again Thank you for watching as "modern family" week continues.  Sofia vergara  -- thank you, we love you. On fire. Tomorrow, by the way ', "I'm in the bedroom with sofia vergara . Never thought I would say that. It will never happen again. It's time for the big reveal. Debbie russo, graphics designer from ", 'ali wasn\'t watching. Thank you for watching as "modern family" week continues. Sofia vergara -- thank you, we love you. On fire. Tomorrow, by the way, lara, ', 'family." Hilarious and gorgeous, live in our studio,  sofia vergara , everyone. Nice to see now. How are you? Great SEPTEMBER 23rd. Everybody, the lovely and talented  sofia vergara . and again, "modern family" returns abc, wednesday ', 'abc hit show, "modern family." Hilarious and gorgeous, live in our studio, sofia vergara , everyone. Nice to see now. How are you? Great, great. Hello. Great. What a treat. How is it going? Very good, very ', 'will see you out THERE SEPTEMBER 23rd. Everybody, the lovely and talented sofia vergara . and again, "modern family" returns abc, wednesday, SEPTEMBER 26th. ', 'Amy, back to you. Always a delight to welcome "modern family\'s"  sofia vergara  to our "good morning america" family. The new look, the blond locks and a message she wants to share with everyone and sofia ', 'Amy, back to you. Always a delight to welcome "modern family\'s" sofia vergara to our "good morning america" family. The new look, the blond locks and a message she wants to share with everyone and ', 'don\'t like -- she\'s on fire.  Sofia vergara  is the red-hot star of "modern endorsement deals alone. Reporter:  Sofia vergara  sat down with "nightline\'s trillion in consumer spend zmrg  sofia vergara  is the cocrossover star that I ', 'on television. Baby mama -- I don\'t like -- she\'s on fire. Sofia vergara is the red-hot star of "modern family." At 40 years old, she\'s got a reason to celebrate. Forbes magazine estimates the colombian-born ', 'spanish. She\'s earning more than $12 million in endorsement deals alone. Reporter: Sofia vergara sat down with "nightline\'s" cynthia McFADDEN EARLIER THIS SUMMER. Her million-dollar looks and latin appeal have made her a hot commodity. The hispanic market in the u.S. Is estimated to be something over $1 trillion in consumer spend zmrg sofia vergara is the cocrossover star that I feel that u.S. Is looking for. Surprise, gloria! I came to do yoga . I wasn\'t ', "Have you here really great premiere I am not here I mean he was in motion that Enhancement has right here. I mean easing. I don't think I can to means that. A perfect job and surpass activities that perfect for me. Were you shocked when you read this script that you or your character Gloria was", "Oh, yes. Time for another of  sofia vergara 's modern makeovers. Get it? We give sofia and her team ten minutes to transform this room. This is what it looked like before ", "Oh, yes. Time for another of sofia vergara's modern makeovers. Get it? We give sofia and her team ten minutes to transform this room. This is what it looked like "]