['A car from an express train that crashed is lifted Thursday, July 25, at Angrois near Santiago de Compostela, Spain. The train derailed as it hurtled around a curve Wednesday, July 24, killing at least 80 and injuring more than 175, as of Thursday morning, officials said.', "Emergency personnel work at the crash scene July 25. An investigation into the cause of the derailment is under way, but Spain's transportation minister says the train appears to have been going too fast.", 'Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, center, visits the crash site July 25 with Public Works Minister Ana Pastor, right, and Alberto Nunez Feijoo, head of the regional government in Galicia. The latter declared seven days of mourning for victims of the crash.', 'A relative of one of the passengers waits to hear news in Santiago de Compostela as she talks on the phone July 25.', 'Other relatives of passengers wait for information in Santiago de Compostela on July 25.', 'The train was on its way from Madrid to the town of Ferrol with more than 200 passengers aboard. ', 'The state railway company said the train derailed on a curve as it was approaching the train station in Santiago de Compostela.', 'Emergency workers climb on top of the wreckage as they help free injured passengers from the crash. ', 'While it was unclear how fast the train was going at the time of the crash, it was capable of reaching up to 155 mph. ', 'One person at the scene said he saw several passengers and witnesses helping get people out of the mangled cars. ', 'Madrid (CNN) -- A high-speed passenger train derailed as it hurtled around a curve in northwestern Spain on Wednesday, killing 77 people and injuring more than 100, officials said.', 'Pictures of the scene showed a train car snapped in two and another car on fire. Rescue crews and fellow passengers pulled out bodies through broken windows and pried open doors as stunned survivors looked on. Police escorted bloodied passengers from the wreckage.', 'More than 20 injured victims remained in critical condition early Thursday, said Agustin Hernandez Fernandez of the Galicia infrastructure ministry.', 'State railway Renfe said the train crashed on a curve several kilometers from the train station in the city of Santiago de Compostela.', 'The train had 218 passengers aboard and was nearing the end of a six-hour trip from Madrid to the town of Ferrol in northwest Spain when it derailed at 8:41 p.m., the railway said.', 'It was unclear how fast the train was traveling when it crashed. The train was capable of going up to 250 kilometers per hour (155 mph), the chief spokesman for Renfe said.', 'Residents who lived near the tracks told the Voz de Galicia newspaper that they heard a thunderous bang when the train crashed. Many of them rushed to the area with blankets and bottled water for the injured, the newspaper reported.', '"The train had broken in half. Some pieces were on top, some pieces were on the bottom," said Ivette Rubiera Cabrera of Florida, who caught a glimpse of the wreckage while on a family vacation in Spain and sent photos to CNN\'s iReport.', '"It was quite shocking," she said. "We had never seen anything like that. We had just been on the train last week."', "Oscar Mateos told Spain's El Pais newspaper that he saw fellow passengers thrown to the ground, then tossed from one side of the train to the other.", '"Help came in five minutes, but that time became an eternity," he said. "I helped people get out with broken legs and many bruises."', 'Alen Perez, 16, said he had been walking nearby and saw passengers helping each other out of the train.', 'Emergency vehicles swarmed the scene. There were several bodies on the ground, he said.', 'Photos he took of the crash site showed mangled pieces of a train car and black smoke billowing out of the wreckage.', "Investigators are looking at all possible causes of the crash, a senior aide to Spain's prime minister said Wednesday; their initial assessment is that it likely wasn't the result of terrorism.", "Renfe's spokesman said he did not know how many crew members were aboard the train when it crashed. Normally there would be at least five crew members on a train like that, he said.", 'Firefighters, police and psychologists were at the scene, the Galicia government said in a statement. In Twitter posts, officials said blood donations were needed as a result of the crash.', 'The crash occurred shortly before a large annual celebration was set to start in Santiago de Compostela, a popular tourist destination.', "CNN's Al Goodman reported from Madrid. CNN's Elwyn Lopez and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta. CNN's Nelson Quinones, Marysabel Huston-Crespo and David Valenzuela contributed to this report.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]