['her nine-month relationship with  model  Justin Gaston, whom she called her pointed out a framed photo of her idol  Twiggy  and vowed, "One day I\'m going to cut my hair like [ Twiggy ] , I know I am," she said at the ', 'Liz Hurley: Eliminate Wine and Coffee, Add Vodka  Model -actress Liz Hurley, 47, agrees that alcohol can water and cayenne pepper. "I figured in the \'60s  Twiggy  was the hot  model , and Diana [Ross] and Cher and all the legends were ', 'the iconic  supermodel , may have had America\'s Next Top  Model ," in 2003 Kate Moss and  model -turned-actress fashion trailblazer  Twiggy  to singer was a successful  supermodel -singer before her life as a  model , wife, mother ', 'appears to be about a BMI of 16 or so -- a typical fashion  model  weight is about 16-17 (both are underweight by medical restricts food intake. She has that kind of build like  Twiggy , the  model  from the 70s who insisted she ate a lot, and was "naturally ', 'Miley showed off her make-up, wigs and her style role  model . "One day, I\'m going to cut my hair like that. I know I am," Miley says of legendary  model Twiggy \'s pixie haircut. "I will one day ... I\'m just not ', 'looking to see a different type of  model  sporting the latest fashions. Nancy done. An appreciative plus size  supermodel  told it like it is: "I have more ideal. Then came the 1960s and the  Twiggy  era of thin is in," she said ', 'showcased designs for spring/summer 2007. In addition to the  Twiggy  models, creamy hues and delicate, feminine details spotted was staged at a pier along the Hudson River. As the last  model  exited the runway and Jacobs appeared for his customary ', "hair into a kind of  Twiggy  cut and she was slender as if the girl - model  or actress - has what you'd call a  supermodel  yet. That's because you are shooting a  model  who is young and discover that the  model  has real potential ", 'career soldier, formed my  model  of a professional officer true beginning of the " sixties ," the social cataclysm than the skinny British  model Twiggy , and I certainly did not bleachers behind the sandbagged  model  battalion defensive position ', 'career soldier, formed my  model  of a professional officer true beginning of the " sixties ," the social cataclysm than the skinny British  model Twiggy , and I certainly did not bleachers behind the sandbagged  model  battalion defensive position ', "it just about and a personal with like 25 cents that's  twiggy . And then all the way up to Angelina Jolie so this is a back and that is nice reenactment here. Caught up. This  model . You know and I know Larry talking about it. But for me ", 'to get back and that is nice reenactment here. Caught up. This model . You know and I know Larry -- talking about it. But for me any better was the rock star my rock star ', 'second are the proportions on this  model  even humanly possible. Not even our editor models Hamilton who has typical  model  measurements of 332435. Has proportion software and likes doubles. The iconic  model twiggy . Well now pushing sixty her ads for ', "errors of an unnamed photo editor models -- Hamilton who has typical model measurements of 332435. Has proportion more akin to a Bratz -- Never mind air brushing editors are wielding digital enhancement software and likes doubles. The iconic model twiggy . Well now pushing sixty her ads for an -- EG cream appear to -- many of their wrinkles she's used to have ", 'last week Newt Gingrich took his third the list on our weeklong luxury cruise to the Greek islands. Also on the former  model twiggy . For some senior campaign staff it was the last draw on a campaign that was already shaping up to be a Greek tragedy ', 'weeklong luxury cruise to the Greek islands. Also on the -- former model twiggy . For some senior campaign staff it was the last draw on a campaign that was already shaping up to be a Greek ']