["While the New York sexual assault case against Dominique Strauss-Kahn unravels, another case against him has surfaced in France. Tristane Banon, a friend of Strauss-Kahn's daughter and a goddaughter of his second wife, is filing a complaint against him for attempted rape.", 'Strauss-Kahn wants the collapse of the New York case to discredit Banon. In a statement from his lawyers, he "notes that this complaint comes quite conveniently right at the moment when there is no longer the slightest doubt about the false nature of the accusations against him in the United States."', "But that isn't true. The falsity of the accusations in New York remains in doubt. And Banon's case is a separate question. The New York accuser has failed tests of corroboration. Banon is entitled to the same tests, with the possibility of a different result. Can her allegations be confirmed? Let's investigate them.", 'Banon says she tried to stop Strauss-Kahn by reminding him that she was close to his daughter\'s age. She says he replied: "What does Camille have to do with it?" ', 'It sounds as though Strauss-Kahn is describing the initial interview and denying that he phoned Banon for a follow-up session at the apartment. Such a denial would make it easier to check his account and hers against external records. Here are a few of them:', '2. The tape recorder. In her 2007 account, Banon said, "I put down the tape recorder immediately to record. He wanted me to hold his hand while he answered, because he told me: \'I won\'t be able to if you don\'t hold my hand.\' And after that, from my hand, he went to my arm, and then a bit higher." In her latest account, she says that after Strauss-Kahn held her hand and she told him she wanted to leave, "He stopped the dictaphone, grabbed my hand and arm," and the struggle began. If these accounts are true, then she had a tape recording of him asking to hold her hand, which would falsify his depiction of their interview as normal. Where is the recording?', '3. The call to Mom. Banon says, "I managed to free myself, I ran downstairs, I found myself in my car, I called my mother because I could not even drive, I was shaking so much." Does Banon\'s mother recall this conversation?', '4. The parking ticket. Banon says she got a "PV" (French parking ticket) at the meter where she parked for the interview. Where\'s the ticket? The address would help nail down the apartment\'s location, and the time could be checked against Strauss-Kahn\'s schedule. It could also be compared with his phone records to see whether he called Michel Field afterward.', '7. Francois Hollande. Banon says Francois Hollande, who was then the head of the Socialist Party, knew about her victimization, called her about it, and recommended that she pursue a complaint. But Hollande says he has "no knowledge of the facts, real or imagined" and was "never aware" of such grave allegations. Banon now says of Hollande, "He lies." Does he? Or does his failure to confirm her recollection undermine her credibility?', "Either way, Banon deserves to have her story tested against the evidence. Maybe it will discredit her. Maybe it will discredit Strauss-Kahn. What's important is to focus on corroboration and falsification, not on who wins or loses. Forget the case in New York. Set aside your prejudices about rich men and rape accusers. Banon, like Strauss-Kahn, is entitled to a fair hearing and thorough scrutiny. Don't take her word for what happened. Don't take his, either.", 'This article, Did Dominique Strauss-Kahn Try To Rape Tristane Banon?, first appeared in Slate.com. ', '. but now a woman from his past is back. tristan is a french novelist and claims ', ' after she tried to interview him. her lawyer says they are planning to file a criminal complaint in ', ' today but she tells a french magazine for years, dsk held the reins of my life. and now i have the chance to be heard. ', 'women are going to be coming out of the woodwork now to accuse him but they are going to be held to such a higher standard of credibility after the fallout from this case in the ', ' is free to roam the country without bail. as toing photographers drak his every move, from takener at a fancy restaurant to a museum visit, and now a new accuser awaits for him in ']