['Government regulators are far from completing their investigation into a battery fire on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, a top official says, saying the incident is a "ve...', 'Cars That Get Great Fuel EconomyWith gas prices climbing, consumers are looking to save with energy-efficient cars. Luckily, fuel economy standards are on the rise, ...', "One Laptop Per Child's plan to expand its scope to manufacturing rugged, low-cost tablets for educational use in third-world countries has been scuttled. The organiz...", 'There are parts of the country where natural disasters are just part of life. The West Coast has earthquakes, the East and Gulf coasts have hurricanes, and then, rig...', 'As a freelance writer and book author, Linda Mason Hunter spends many hours holed up in her home office. It has all the amenities necessary for the work-at-home life...', 'There are parts of the country where natural disasters are just part of life. The West Coast has earthquakes, the East and Gulf coasts have hurricanes, and then, rig...', 'The U.S. transportation safety agency said on Monday it was analyzing the lithium-ion battery and burned wire bundles as part of its investigation into a fire aboard...', 'U.S. officials investigating a battery fire on a Boeing Co 787 Dreamliner will travel to Phoenix, Arizona, for equipment tests at a facility run by Pratt & Whitney, ...', "Apple Inc. on Friday advised iPhone 3G users in many countries to replace the device's power adapter following reports that metal prongs broke off and stuck in power...", 'Whether you want to head out for a weekend in the wilderness, tailgate at a baseball game this summer, or just picnic in the park, here are some of the best portable...', "Everyone knows to turn off lights when you leave a room or to turn off the TV when you're done watching it.That's a good start, but did you know you're still wasting...", 'The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board is looking at issues raised by more than one whistleblower as it investigates battery failures that have grounded the g...', 'For all its wonder and convenience, the latest, greatest technology has unleashed a biblical plague of snaking wires and cables across our homes. Cables to connect, ...', 'You may find yourself stranded on a back country road. You may find yourself living in a suburb without power. But no matter where you are, being without electricity...']