['1975 to 1984, Franklin was groundbreaking as Ann Romano, the single mother of two daughters, who were played by  Valerie Bertinelli  and Mackenzie Phillips. The show was an anthem for a generation grappling with difficult issues never portrayed ', '1975 to 1984, Franklin was groundbreaking as Ann Romano, the single mother of two daughters, who were played by  Valerie Bertinelli  and Mackenzie Phillips. The show was an anthem for a generation grappling with difficult issues never portrayed ', "to an IHOP? Here are some tasty recipes to try. (Image credit: Fred Lee/ABC; Food Styling/Karen Pickus)  Valerie Bertinelli 's Pumpkin Pancakes (ABC/The Chew) Daphne Oz's Bacon Pancakes with Maple Bourbon Butter Sauce (Flickr ", "with sodium and potassium, homemade chicken soup can help you feel better by replenishing electrolytes. Recipe:  Valerie Bertinelli 's Grilled Chicken Vegetable Soup Fruit Fruits, full of fructose and vitamin C, can help burn off alcohol. Recipe ", 'Betty White,  Valerie Bertinelli , Jane Leeves and Wendie Malick are four of the funniest women Both women just pointed at each other and laughed. WATCH:  Valerie Bertinelli  Shares Favorite Recipes, Weight Loss Secrets With a cast as ', 'which aired from 1975 to 1984, Franklin played the single mother of two daughters. The daughters were played by  Valerie Bertinelli  and Mackenzie Phillips. "Sending out love and sweet prayers to my \'mom.\' The incomparable Bonnie Franklin ', 'endorsements. As the success of celebrities like  Valerie Bertinelli  and Kirstie Alley shows, waging a public battle when all of this is over." Piazza estimated that  Valerie Bertinelli \'s earning equaled roughly $60,000 for each ', 'divorced mom raising two daughters. The rebellious older daughter, Julie, was played by Mackenzie Phillips and  Valerie Bertinelli  played Barbara, the innocent younger sister. Pat Harrington rounded out the clan as the lovable apartment super ', 'Wolfgang, into his band as a 15-year-old - a moment he says didn\'t sit well with Wolfgang\'s mom, ex-wife  Valerie Bertinelli . He says, "Yeah, I pulled him out of school. She\'s like, \'You\'re not doing that.\' I\'m like, \'Jodie ', "women (stars Wendie Malick, Jane Leeves, and  Valerie Bertinelli ) adopt Cleveland as the heartland of self-acceptance More from Prevention: Hot in Cleveland Star  Valerie Bertinelli 's Stay-Slim Tips Biggest Loser Success Story ", 'smells with  valerie bertinelli . She is as busy as ever with "hot in cleveland." And now, this cookbook, "one dish at a time." Tell me about "hot in ', 'smells with valerie bertinelli . She is as busy as ever with "hot in cleveland." And now, this cookbook, "one dish at a time." Tell me about ', "studio audience, this, they say is completely different. I've had butterflies for a couple weeks. Reporter:  Valerie bertinelli  is feeling the pressure. But not so much about her lines. I think the problem will be, I don't know if it's ", "say is completely different. I've had butterflies for a couple weeks. Reporter: Valerie bertinelli is feeling the pressure. But not so much about her lines. I think the problem will be, I don't know if it's ", "Valerie Bertinelli  Prepares Her Turkey Meatball Soup, Dishes on New Season of 'Hot in Cleveland'", "We are delighted to have Valerie it back on GMA in the new season. Of the award winning hit sitcom hot in Cleveland starts tomorrow night and today we're going to be cooking with Valerie ends well but. We always have so much we wanted to talk to about you think. Enough time ever a time I the third", "Losing it hard to No no wasn't it wasn't there's no difficulty it was. In mainly just remembering everything that I have diaries back to 1970. and drilling a longtime longtime yeah actually this is the first time I haven't journal and all this last year and I'm thinking oops big mistakes and", "one. Remember t that jumped into that huge pile of leaves off the house. Well, this he broke out the chocolate slip and slide and away they go. Yummy. I just love slip and slides. They're so good. Also good,  valerie bertinelli ,", "Yummy. I just love slip and slides. They're so good. Also good, valerie bertinelli , "]