['This Week in The Civil War, for week of Sunday, Oct. 21: McClellan\'s last days in Union command.Union Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan is in his last days as commander of federal fighting forces. President Abraham Lincoln has testily written McClellan of late, exhorting him to drive after the Confederate army retreating after the Battle of Antietam in Maryland. In a letter dated Oct. 13, 1862, Lincoln reminds his top general that he should not shrink from pursuing and vanquishing the rival. "You remember my speaking to you of what I called your over-cautiousness. Are you not over-cautious when you assume that you cannot do what the enemy is constantly doing?" Lincoln writes. Although Lincoln says in the letter that his suggestions of aggressively pursuing the enemy by no means constitute an explicit order, he nonetheless exhorts McClellan to move toward Richmond, capital of the Confederacy, and cut off secessionist forces returning to Virginia under the command of Gen. Robert E. Lee. Of t...', "The National Park Service is kicking off four days of events marking the 150th anniversary of the Civil War Battle of Antietam (ann-TEE'-tem) near Sharpsburg, Md.Sto...", "The Civil War's Battle of Antietam was so big, they're re-enacting it twice.Two private groups prepared large-scale recreations of the clash near Sharpsburg. The fir...", '____This Week in The Civil War, for week of Sunday, June 3: Naval battle of Memphis.This week 150 years ago in the Civil War opens with Confederate Gen. P.G.T. Beure...', '____This Week in The Civil War, for week of Sunday, June 17: Lincoln bans slavery in the U.S. territories.In June 1862, President Abraham Lincoln is still months awa...', '_____This Week in The Civil War, for week of Sunday, May 27: Battle of Seven Pines, Va., rise of Robert E. Lee.A Union offensive near the Confederate capital of Rich...', 'Long after the guns grew silent at Antietam, the earth yielded up gruesome reminders of the bloodiest day of the American Civil War: bodies, bones, buttons and entir...', 'With their slouch hats, whiskers and time-worn instruments, members of the 2nd South Carolina String Band look and sound like a Civil War camp band. And while they p...', '____This Week in The Civil War, for week of Sunday, July 22: First inklings of a future Emancipation Proclamation.President Abraham Lincoln, amid the dawning awarene...', 'From as far away as Minnesota, Colorado and Ohio they came, more than 30 members of the Bloss and Mitchell families who converged on the hallowed Civil War fighting ...', "This Week in The Civil War, for week of Sunday, Nov. 4: McClellan sacked from Union's Army of Potomac.President Abraham Lincoln removes Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan...", "Letter seeking chaplain after Battle of Antietam , Lincoln's signed OK returned to US archives", 'A letter to President Abraham Lincoln from three military surgeons requesting a chaplain to tend to the wounded and dying soldiers after the Battle of Antietam, acco...', 'This Week in The Civil War, for week of Sunday, Aug. 12: Fighting in Missouri, arming the armies.Fighting in the wide-ranging Civil War erupted in the heartland on A...', '____This Week in The Civil War, for week of Sunday, Aug. 12: Fighting in Missouri.Fighting in the wide-ranging Civil War erupted in the heartland on Aug. 11, 1862, w...', 'Hundreds on Monday marked the 150th anniversary of the Civil War Battle of Antietam amid patriotic music and cannon fire, recalling the mind-boggling carnage and an ...', 'Pulitzer Prize-winning historian James McPherson leads the lineup of speakers marking the 150th anniversary of the Civil War Battle of Antietam near Sharpsburg, Md.T...', 'Federal officials have marked the 150th anniversary of the Civil War Battle of Antietam near Sharpsburg with cannon fire, patriotic music and reflection on the blood...']