["Public dishonor of fallen leaders' corpses a time-tested tradition - Investigations", "Recommended: Among CIA museum's prizes, an American love letter on Hitler's stationery", 'Recommended: Ex-supervisor at Indian Point nuclear plant charged with falsifying test reports', 'Investigative reporting from NBC News, with your story ideas and documents. Share your ideas. Read about this blog. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.', 'Explore related topics: featured, gadhafi, benito-mussolini, nicolae-ceausescu, najibullah, nuri-al-said', "older20Oct20114:21pm, EDTUS drone fired missile at Gadhafi convoynewer24Oct201111:40am, EDTWikiLeaks suspends publication to battle 'banking blockade'Discuss this post", 'Isn\'t this the same tripe they attempted to issue when the Wisconsin Dem senators ran from their jobs to hide in Illinois? "oh, actually eveyone does it ... Lincoln did it... they are just like Lincoln"', 'So why didn\'t we "follow tradition" and hang Osama\'s body up for display?  heck we couldn\'t even see a picture of his corpse.... guess we don\'t care for traditions... until after our "allies" perform them.', "Again, I am in favor of killing them all, and KSM can rot in hell for all I care, but let's be fair about the praise.", 'I think some right-wingers would love to drag Obama from the back of their pickups like some Old South lynching', 'In either case, the rebels who killed him could have shown the world that they were better than him and kept him alive to be tried.  Instead, they showed the world that if put in power, they will be no better than he was.', "Don't get me wrong, I was in favor of seeing him deposed and brought to trial for his atrocities.", '1. How on earth can you compare "your son or daughter" to a mass murder who killed thousands of people? Because frankly, if my child were responsible for that kind of evil, I wouldn\'t be too surprised if someone shot them in the head. Likewise, as bad as Western country leaders are, they haven\'t quite hit the genocide mark just yet. Im not going to get hung from my university for calling Obama or David Cameron a prick.', "2. You grew up in a civilised country with a voting system, not only have these people been oppressed for decades, they've spent the last year in a war zone. There isn't a civilian in the country who hasn't lost a loved one. It's easy for us to sit and call for justice, but until you've lived through that experience theres no way you can comprehend how angry they are.", "Believe it or not, I too wished he would have been kept alive to answer for his crimes, especially the Lockerbie disaster and the murder of that police woman. I grew up in Northern Ireland, so I've seen first hand the damage he's caused by supplying the IRA with Semtex. But im not stupid or naive enough to be outraged and shocked that they've killed him.", "I suspect your question in re OBL was rhetorical.  Nevertheless, I'll provide my opinion.  I wasn't there, so I don't know if the SEALs identified OBL before he was killed or not, but in situations such as obtained during that raid, niceties tend to go by the wayside.  Shooting him could have been deliberate or a reflex.  Either way, it's better that he's dead.  Yes, under our laws he deserved a trial, even though (lawyers hate this argument) it would have been a mere formality.  Common sense suggests that having an OBL trial would have been an absolutely unbelievable circus, merely to satisfy a procedural requirement in order to decide the obvious--honoring form rather than reason.", "It would more aptly have been titled, Why Some Countries Find It Necessary To Torture its Leaders.Or, Why Some Nations Take Pleasure in the Exploitation and Destruction of its Leaders' Cadavers.", 'I expressed dismay yesterday on FB at the grisly images of Ghadaffi.Some attacked me.', "I hold my position, that death, even the death of an evil man, is no thing to celebrate.I understand relief from oppression's end, that is natural.", 'But there is an efficiency and nobility in disposing of the dead body, and why so many took great pleasure in staring at the face of death is beyond my comprehension.', 'H. B.Take the religious context out of it, and just look at the quote itself - it comes from the movie "Amazon Queen."  Where Katherine Hepburn tells Bogie, "Human nature is what we were put on this earth to RISE ABOVE."', "Of course, the religious context was meant; her character was a missionary.  But rising above the bestial aspects of our human nature IS what we need to do, if we want civilization at all.  Her quoted words apply as much to generic morals and values as they do to the religious ones.  You can't be civilized and behave at the lowest of your animal behaviors.", 'I\'ll give you another quote, from Isaac Asimov: "Violence is the final refuge of the incompetent."  So true.', "Catering to people's worst attributes, their base visceral urges (rather than setting examples of a higher standard, by rising above those things), is a prime indicator of a dysfunctional culture.  A functional one encourages the use of our better human attributes.  No culture can ever be totally successful at this, of course, but those who work at it can achieve a lot.", "You can only proclaim the validity of your anger at Khadafy by treating him BETTER than he'd have treated YOU.  We know now what they chose.", 'Respect for the dead is one of those generic and religious values that only uncivilized people would abuse.', "It doesn't matter how angry you are, or even how justified your anger is.  What matters is YOUR behavior if and when a person who has earned your loathing is killed.  The worst of them all still deserve respectful treatment of their corpses.  No amount of anger justifies any kind of abuse to a corpse - and hitting one with shoes, dragging one on public display through the streets - this is what ANIMALS do (actually, animals are not that stupid, but I know no term to define any creature BENEATH the animals).  Those who revere human life - and all life, actually - are civilized in that regard.  I don't detect much of that among the Libyans.", "Khadafy was a brutal and bestial dictator.  But he was also a product of the very same culture whose people grew to hating him (justifiably or not, it doesn't matter), and who slaughtered him, then abused his corpse.  They are no better than he was.", 'This was vigilantism, pure and simple.  The leaders had the OBLIGATION to protect him from hotheads.  They OWED him a trial, once he was captured and disarmed.  They failed because they WANTED to fail.', "I'm glad he's out of power, but dread to see what the body-abusing people who killed him will concoct for the future of Libya.  When regimes are ended in this sort of fashion, it's almost axiomatic that the new one taking its place will be just as bad - often worse.", "It's doubtful that Libya will somehow gain a democracy after all this bloodshed and bestial behavior.", "Abuse of corpses of those who are hated IS a time-honored tradition in Islam, as are many other atrocities.  That's why it should be risen above by Muslims who really WANT democracy, rights and liberties, rather than given free rein.  Won't happen, though.", 'It is hard to imagine Americans being that blood thirsty but I have seen recently some cold hearted ugliness in America so I suppose it could happen here as well.', "If those were the reasons for the uprising I could find their motivation very convincing. I know that I would not wish to live in a country were the people are completely helpless over their own fates. However, I find myself feeling troubled that the 'rebels' who had taken up arms to defeat a murdering dictator, turned around and acted exactly the same way...", "That the 'rebels' so easily slipped into the same brutal behavior the moment they captured Gadafi does not bode well for Libya's future. If you are fighting to create a way for people to be treated humanely with true balance, and justice then it would seem that those ideals would not allow you to commit some of the same acts as the dictator you are overthrowing. I pray that I am wrong, but I am fearful that the people of Libya have traded one dictator for a state of chaos as the 'rebels' break with each other and fight over who will truly be in power next.", 'Newsvine Privacy StatementAs a new user, you may notice a few temporary content restrictions. Click here for more info.', "Most popular postsolder20Oct20114:21pm, EDTUS drone fired missile at Gadhafi convoynewer24Oct201111:40am, EDTWikiLeaks suspends publication to battle 'banking blockade'Most popular posts688License plate data not just for cops: Private companies are tracking your car6daysago183Report: Germany used key NSA surveillance program5daysago556Ex-Pentagon official has 'heavy heart' over US teen's inadvertent killing by drone7daysago110Ex-supervisor at Indian Point nuclear plant charged with falsifying test reports2daysago246Obama nominee faces investigation involving company run by brother of Hillary Clinton2daysago", 'Browsefeatured, terrorism, documents, al-qaida, election-2012, investigative-reporting, crime, iran, reading, environment, military, cia, investigation, updated, fbi, health, obama, pakistan, campaign-finance, campaign, u-s, huguette-clark, nuclear, guns, voting-fraud, voter-id, news21, who-can-vote, nbc, osama-bin-laden, al-qaeda, security, isikoff, center-for-public-integrity, penn-state, windrem, pentagon, drones, politics, weapons, romney, us', "Bill Dedman Investigative reporter Bill Dedman of NBC News is always looking for good investigative story ideas and documents. Bill received the 1989 Pulitzer Prize for investigative reporting, and has written full time for NBCNews.com since 2006.Bill Dedman BlogrollBill's investigative reporting feed on TwitterABC News The BlotterCenter for Investigative ReportingCenter for Public IntegrityCenter for Public Integrity's Paper Trail blogHuffington Post Investigative FundInvestigative Reporters and Editors' Extra! Extra!McClatchey blog Nukes & SpooksNew York Times' City Room Records blogNew York Times' Open data blogProPublicaProPublica blogYahoo! News The UpshotTPM MuckrakerWashington Post InvestigationsWhoWhatWhy forensic journalismNew England Center for Investigative Center at BosWisconsin Center for Investigative JournalismPulitzer Center on Crisis ReportingSchuster Institute for Investigative Journalism, BMinnPost.comThe Washington IndependentAU Investivative Reporting WorkshopBecome a fan on FacebookFollow on Twitter", "Michael Isikoff Michael Isikoff joined NBC News in July 2010 as national investigative correspondent. He had been at Newsweek since 1994 as an investigative correspondent. He has written extensively on the U.S. government's war on terrorism, the Abu Ghraib scandal, campaign-finance and congressional ethics abuses, presidential politics and other national issues.", "Amna Nawaz Amna Nawaz is Bureau Chief/Correspondent for NBC News' Pakistan bureau. She reports for all NBC News platforms from across the country and the region. Previously, she reported for the network's investigative unit. ", "Mike Brunker, Investigations Editor, NBC News Mike Brunker is the investigations editor at NBCNews.com. He's worked for the site (formerly msnbc.com) as a reporter and editor since August 1996. Before that, he was an editor at the San Francisco Examiner and Hayward Daily Review in California. Mike Brunker, Investigations Editor, NBC News BlogrollWhite Collar Crime Prof blogThe Volokh Conspiracy: Legal news nowFrederick Lane Blog -- legal newsSocial Networking Law BlogSports Law BlogBusiness of Horse Racing BlogThe Long War JournalThe Red Tape Chronicles -- consumer/tech news", 'Azriel James Relph Azriel James Relph is a researcher for NBC News Investigations.  He is a graduate of the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism, and was a reporter for several years at the Hunts Point Express -- a South Bronx newspaper serving the poorest Congressional District in the United Sates.  He has written for Newsweek, The Daily Beast, and MSNBC.com. ', 'Robert Windrem Robert Windrem is investigative producer for special projects at NBC Nightly News. He is also a Fellow at the Center on National Security at Fordham Law School.', 'He has worked at NBC News for more than three decades, focusing on issues of international security, strategic policy, intelligence and terrorism.', "Archives2013July (24)June (30)May (59)April (34)March (42)February (21)January (27)2012December (33)November (30)October (39)September (34)August (46)July (36)June (42)May (52)April (28)March (24)February (38)January (42)2011December (27)November (23)October (15)September (9)August (6)July (11)June (12)May (12)April (5)March (11)February (11)January (21)2010December (11)November (13)Most CommentedLicense plate data not just for cops: Private companies are tracking your car (688)Ex-Pentagon official has 'heavy heart' over US teen's inadvertent killing by drone (556)'Secret' CIA museum features Osama bin Laden's AK-47 (234)Obama nominee faces investigation involving company run by brother of Hillary Clinton (246)Report: Germany used key NSA surveillance program (183)Among CIA museum's prizes, an American love letter on Hitler's stationery (172)Ex-supervisor at Indian Point nuclear plant charged with falsifying test reports (110)Other blogsCosmic LogRed Tape ChroniclesPhotoBlogUS News top stories"]