['you missed Bonnaroo, and Hangout Festival, and Jazz Fest, and Coachella, and SXSW, you can still dress up like  Vanessa Hudgens  and pretend to be on shrooms while wearing neon plastic Ray Bans and watch some live performances from your couch ', "Spotted Around Town: Julianne Hough on a 'Girls Weekend,' Bethenny Frankel Spinning-and More", 'Spider-Man" Zachary Gordon, "Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days" Will Smith, "Men in Black 3? Favorite Movie Actress  Vanessa Hudgens , "Journey 2: The Mysterious Island" Scarlett Johansson, "Marvel\'s The Avengers" Jennifer Lawrence, "The ', 'up and keep me going." Gomez is currently promoting her new film "Spring Breakers" in which she stars alongside  Vanessa Hudgens . RELATED: Justin Bieber Writes Ballad About Selena Gomez Breakup', 'movie is about a group of bored college girls. Two of them, played by former Disney child stars Selena Gomez and  Vanessa Hudgens , suddenly seem very grown up and willing to do whatever it takes to be a part of the biggest party week ever. Nothing ', 'engaged to her "The Last Song" co-star Liam Hemsworth and she\'s working on her fourth studio album.  Vanessa Hudgens Vanessa Hudgens  is another Hollywood starlet who launched into fame thanks to the Disney Channel. She starred in all three ', '(Andreas Rentz/Getty Images)  Vanessa Hudgens  is one of the stars of the buzzed-about film "Spring Spring Breakers" hits theaters next month. RELATED:  Vanessa Hudgens , Selena Gomez Shed Teen Queen Images in Edgy New ', 'promotional poster for "Spring Breakers." (Division Films) In the film, Gomez, along with fellow Hollywood starlets  Vanessa Hudgens , Ashley Benson and Rachel Korine, play college students who hijack a fast food restaurant in order to fund their ', '(Image Credit: Jerod Harris/Getty Images) The world knows  Vanessa Hudgens  and Selena Gomez as squeaky clean tween idols, and superstars who play sweethearts. The actresses soared to fame on Disney Channel ', 'Franco and Gomez can date without any fights. Zac Efron Zac Efron split from his "High School Musical" co-star,  Vanessa Hudgens , in 2010. Both Efron and Gomez got their start on the Disney channel and the pair was often linked earlier on in ', 'Mavis" in the new animated flick "Hotel Transylvania." Earlier this year she filmed "Spring Breakers" alongside  Vanessa Hudgens , Heather Morris and Ashley Benson in which she plays a college bad girl on spring break. The film hits theaters ', 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 Choice Movie Actress: Sci-Fi/Fantasy Lily Collins, Mirror Mirror  Vanessa Hudgens , Journey 2: The Mysterious Island Scarlett Johansson, The Avengers Jennifer Lawrence, The Hunger Games Kristen ', 'than 2,000 retailers and has been spotted on celebrities including Eva Longoria, Gwen Stefani, Halle Berry and  Vanessa Hudgens . Buy just one or create your own custom stack to celebrate a look you will love. Ground shipping is $5.95.', "us with her lovely presence once again her name is  Vanessa Hudgens  and she is back again his new album can't identify And High School Musical three in also rock on. Miss  Vanessa Hudgens  joining us playing good morning. Thank you.", "is. Gracing us with her lovely presence once again her name is Vanessa Hudgens and she is back again his new album can't identify ethnic and -- that in her in mourning the ninety year. It's ", 'in October. And High School Musical three in also rock on. Miss Vanessa Hudgens joining us playing good morning. Thank you. ', 'famous if teen and tween entertainment. Selena gomez, from "the wizards of waverly place." Ashley benson and  vanessa hudgens . They play college student who is rob a diner to pay for a trip to florida where they hook up with a tweerk gangster ', 'entertainment. Selena gomez, from "the wizards of waverly place." Ashley benson and vanessa hudgens . They play college student who is rob a diner to pay for a trip to florida where they hook up with a ', "hours of talks and it does so that make forty is seventy dollars by the way by your friends Gwen Stefani Eva Longoria  Vanessa Hudgens . 51 55%. Off this 155%. At eighteen to thirty and fifty outside screaming yeah. I'm not fun right. I really ", "dollars -- by the way by your friends Gwen Stefani Eva Longoria Vanessa Hudgens . 51 55%. Off this 155%. At eighteen to thirty and fifty outside screaming -- yeah. I'm not fun -- right. I really ", 'nude photos posted online. Adding her to a long list of celebrities with otherwise squeaky clean images. Including  Vanessa Hudgens  from High School Musical Adrian from Cheetah Girls. Caught up being nude photos were leaked. Or hacked and put online ', 'to a long list of celebrities with otherwise squeaky clean images. Including Vanessa Hudgens from High School Musical Adrian -- from Cheetah Girls. Caught up being nude photos -- -- were leaked. Or hacked and put ', "separated for some time. Here's another surprising split High School Musical stars and longtime couple Ron and  Vanessa Hudgens . Have called it quits after three years of dating us weekly is reporting the breakup was mutual.", 'split High School Musical stars and longtime couple -- -- Ron and Vanessa Hudgens . Have called it quits after three years of dating us weekly is reporting the breakup was mutual. ']