['Show" - Mary, Betty White,  Valerie Harper , Cloris Leachman and Georgia support their beloved co-star,  Valerie Harper , as she battles cancer. "What the minds of the old friends was  Valerie Harper \'s recent disclosure that she ', 'alternative treatments, Black was left "completely debilitated" and "mostly bed-bound," her husband said. RELATED:  Valerie Harper  Diagnosed With Terminal Brain Cancer He said the actress has lost a third of her body weight and weighs just 96 pounds ', 'cable channel announced today, as Mary Tyler Moore,  Valerie Harper , Georgia Engel and Cloris Leachman join Betty White poignant for her castmates - and viewers. RELATED:  Valerie Harper  Diagnosed With Terminal Brain Cancer This will be ', 'Valerie Harper  became famous playing the shoot-from-the-hip whatever time she has left. RELATED:  Valerie Harper  Diagnosed With Terminal Brain Cancer with cancer but not of it." WATCH:  Valerie Harper , Sitcom Legend, Looks Back Doctors ', "Valerie Harper  Reassures Fans; Husband 'Bereft' at Star's Terminal Cancer Diagnosis", 'Peter Kramer/AP Photo Actress  Valerie Harper  may be maintaining a positive with People magazine. VIDEO:  Valerie Harper \'s Memoir \'I, Rhoda\' Harper she\'s "not suffering." WATCH:  Valerie Harper , Sitcom Legend, Looks Back ', 'for "Mary Tyler Moore" star  Valerie Harper , who revealed via People magazine Entertainment Tonight ," " Valerie Harper  is a century plan and I have come human that she is." RELATED:  Valerie Harper  Diagnosed With Terminal Brain ', 'Valerie Harper  , the actress best known for playing Rhoda Morgenstern on " The Mary described the stroke-like symptoms that sent her to the hospital. WATCH:  Valerie Harper , Sitcom Legend, Looks Back "It was if I had Novocain," Harper said ', 'Valerie Harper  fans were shocked to hear the news that heck is happening to me?" Watch:  Valerie Harper  Looks Back Harper tells People magazine animal rights and juvenile diabetes.  Valerie Harper /Rhoda Morgenstern Harper played Mary\'s ', 'Eventually, Apple cut a deal and the iPhone was born. Image credit: Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images  Valerie Harper  Has Brain Cancer  Valerie Harper , who brought Rhoda Morgenstern to life on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and later on "Rhoda ', 'ABC News and People Magazine Present: "Best in TV: The Greatest TV Shows of Our Time" Hosted by Barbara Walters', 'from a list of hundreds of shows old and new. The "all star" panel included luminaries like actors Tim Allen,  Valerie Harper  and Jimmy Smits, and producers/directors/creators Stephen Bochco, Mark Burnett, Norman Lear, Warren Littlefield ', "Hooker, Hart to Hart, The Rookies Mark Gordon Criminal Minds, Private Practice, Grey's Anatomy, Army Wives  Valerie Harper  Rhoda, The Mary Tyler Moore Show, Valerie's Family Susan Harris Golden Girls, Empty Nest, Benson, Soap Jon ", 'partner at the law offices of Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, the firm that won a precedent-setting settlement for  Valerie Harper  in 1988 after she sued NBC/Lorimar Television for firing her from the sitcom "Valerie." (Sheen\'s "Two and ', 'watching from the sitcom "rhoda" stars our dear friend  valerie harper . First captured our hearts as mary tyler moore\'s adored -- we adored your character rhoda but we love  valerie harper  and you have really allowed us into your hearts and ', 'of us were watching from the sitcom "rhoda" stars our dear friend valerie harper . First captured our hearts as mary tyler moore\'s neighbor in the sitcom and her new autobiography "i, rhoda," made us laugh, made ', '-- we adored -- we adored your character rhoda but we love valerie harper and you have really allowed us into your hearts and thank you for allowing us to love you like this. I know ', "Thank you. Now to the laits from  valerie harper . Last week, the devastating diagnosis. We're attention with devastating news. Hello, everyone. I'm  valerie harper . I recently got an amazingly shocking diagnosis from ", "Thank you. Now to the laits from valerie harper . Last week, the devastating diagnosis. We're learning me each day from her how to confront the biggest moments of life with bravery ", "last week, she grabbed our attention with devastating news. Hello, everyone. I'm valerie harper . I recently got an amazingly shocking diagnosis from my doctors that I had an inkrurable, very rare form of Reporter: Now with ", 'wrong vessel at the daytime emmys. The latest on  valerie harper \'s health. Larry hackett from "people" magazine there. We\'ll get more behind the scenes with you.  Valerie harper  gave an interview and it seems like she is doing better ', 'and pop. The wrong vessel at the daytime emmys. The latest on valerie harper\'s health. Larry hackett from "people" magazine. We will see the cover of your fine magazine. Thank you. There it is. First abc\'s ', "going on out there. We'll get more behind the scenes with you. Valerie harper gave an interview and it seems like she is doing better than she thought. Revealed her cancer fight and she's doing much ", 'She won four emmys as rhoda on "the mary tyler moore show." And now,  valerie harper  is making a splash again in her new book "i, rhoda." She reflects on 15 years in show business. And you were supposed to be ', 'four emmys as rhoda on "the mary tyler moore show." And now, valerie harper is making a splash again in her new book "i, rhoda." She reflects on 15 years in show business. And you were ', 'How much do we love heart felt Yes Hillary the classic Brothers sitcom episode where. Go to Logan stern rushed to her wedding on the New York City Subway will once again over the 2000 that decision did it again. do anything New Yorkers like what. OK so that they thought nothing about nothing they', 'Minneapolis appear in an episode of Betty White show hot in Cleveland remember Betty White place And this comes on the heels  Valerie Harper  who played Rhoda announcing recently that she has incurable brain cancer episode will shoot. Early next month.', 'Betty White place -- -- And this comes on the heels -- Valerie Harper who played Rhoda announcing recently that she has incurable brain cancer episode will shoot. Early next month. ', "fierce five played by actresses mary tyler moore,  valerie harper , cloris leechman, betty white and georgia engel of these old friends, the recent disclosure that  valerie harper  has an inoperable brain tumor. We're progressing ", 'moore show." Yesterday the fierce five played by actresses mary tyler moore, valerie harper , cloris leechman, betty white and georgia engel were together again to film an episode of "hot in cleveland" and to reminisce. Can ', "Weighing on the minds of these old friends, the recent disclosure that valerie harper has an inoperable brain tumor. We're progressing, i certainly see what's ahead. What could possibly be tomorrow. In fact, I'm hoping I "]