['After being nominated three years in a row and winning once, Margulies got bumped for new faces, Kerry Washington and  Vera Farmiga . Connie Britton, who\'s been nominated twice before for "Friday Night Lights" and "American Horror Story" scored ', 'we did. It\'s very exciting," said Paul. Actresses nominated for their drama series work besides Wright include  Vera Farmiga  of "Bates Hotel"; Michelle Dockery of "Downtown Abbey;" Elisabeth Moss of "Mad Men"; Connie Britton of "Nashville ', 'Cards," Netflix; Jon Hamm, "Mad Men," AMC; Jeff Daniels, "The Newsroom," HBO. Actress, Drama Series:  Vera Farmiga , "Bates Motel," A&E; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey," PBS; Claire Danes, "Homeland," Showtime; Robin ', 'Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series Connie Britton, Nashville Claire Danes, Homeland Michelle Dockery, Downton Abbey  Vera Farmiga , Bates Motel Elisabeth Moss, Mad Men Kerry Washington, Scandal Robin Wright, House of Cards Outstanding Lead Actor ', 'morning are: Connie Britton, "Nashville"; Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey";  Vera Farmiga , "Bates Motel"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men"; Kerry Washington, "Scandal"; Robin Wright, "House of Cards ', 'all-time classiest acts: Wise\'s "Haunting" and William Friedkin\'s "The Exorcist." \'\'The Conjuring" also stars  Vera Farmiga , Patrick Wilson and Ron Livingston. Based on an actual case investigated by paranormal expert Lorraine Warren and ', 'As sympathetic, methodical ghostbusters Lorraine and Ed Warren,  Vera Farmiga  and Patrick Wilson make the old-fashioned haunted-house horror film "The Conjuring" something more than your average fright ', 'the Air," characters played by  Vera Farmiga  and Anna Kendrick teach a frequent their work in "Up in the Air."  Vera Farmiga  Farmiga, 36, was born in Passaic there\'s "Up in the Air." " Vera Farmiga  pulls off the impossible in \'Up ', 'Morgan Freeman ("Invictus") Jeremy Renner ("The Hurt Locker") Best Supporting Actress Mo\'Nique ("Precious")  Vera Farmiga  ("Up in the Air") Anna Kendrick ("Up in the Air") Penelope Cruz ("The Nine") Maggie Gyllenhaal ("Crazy ', 'protected life in a sumptuous home in Berlin with his high-ranking soldier father (David Thewlis), elegant mother ( Vera Farmiga ) and adolescent sister, Gretel (Amber Beattie). His existence changes drastically when his father is promoted to ', "Series co-stars include Latino beefcake Jon Seda (Price of Glory and TV's Homicide: Life on the Street and Oz) and  Vera Farmiga  (15 Minutes). The series was originally developed with '90s heartthrob Grant Show in the lead role the Melrose Place ", "Series co-stars include Latino beefcake Jon Seda (Price of Glory and TV's Homicide: Life on the Street and Oz) and  Vera Farmiga  (15 Minutes). The series was originally developed with '90s heartthrob Grant Show in the lead role the Melrose Place ", "That would help me. I can't feeling you. A few notes. Drew years and it's excellent. We are you. For me welcome to the show great and there and hey you're not only shading here but you're sitting. As you have with your higher ground and you not only. Actor and and you blocked field. So what you"]