['No camera phones. Forget Polaroids. Photography had been around for decades by the time of the Civil War in the 1860s, and most towns had a photographer. But the pra...', 'In a story Aug. 17 about the angst felt in Mississippi during the anniversary of the Civil War, The Associated Press reported erroneously that Jefferson Davis was a ...', 'A Ku Klux Klan group plans to hold a rally June 10 on the grounds of the Antietam National Battlefield , site of the bloodiest one-day clash of the Civil War , an or...', 'In losing a president, Lycoming College found a piece of its history.Retiring President James Douthat was cleaning out a closet in his office last week when he stumb...', 'The Civil War may define American history more than any other event since the Revolution.But now, 137 years after the end of the Civil War, new battles are brewing b...', 'The Civil War may define American history more than any other event since the Revolution.But now, 137 years after the end of the Civil War, new battles are brewing b...', 'FRAMINGHAM, Mass. -- The gravesite of a Union Army major general sits largely forgotten in a small cemetery along the Massachusetts Turnpike.A piece of the coat worn...', 'The gravesite of a Union Army major general sits largely forgotten in a small cemetery along the Massachusetts Turnpike.A piece of the coat worn by President Abraham...', 'We all know the official home of the president is the White House, but what if you wanted to visit a beautiful corner of the U.S. outside of Washington D.C. where no...', "Filmmaker Ken Burns is partnering with the Tauck tour company to offer trips to national parks, Civil War sites and other destinations related to Burns' documentarie...", 'This is a rush transcript from "Glenn Beck," February 12, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GLENN BECK, HOST: It\'s President Lincoln\'s ...', 'Boehner: Dems Not Ready to Deal; Qaddafi Makes No-Fly Zone for Rebels; Obama Approval Slides; Mexican Hat Dance at the White HouseBoehner Tells Dems to Show Their Ca...', 'About 30 Ku Klux Klan members proclaimed hatred for blacks, Jews, gays and Latinos as they stood behind barricades at the Civil War battlefield where Abraham Lincoln...', 'Today in History - Sept. 17Wednesday, September 17, 2008By The Associated PressE-Mail Print Share:Today is Wednesday, Sept. 17, the 261st day of 2008. There are 105 ...']