['Lachey quipped. "It may not be [funny] tomorrow but it is tonight," Lachey said. Lachey, who\'s married to TV host  Vanessa  ( Minnillo ) Lachey, also revealed that he hasn\'t spoken to ex-wife Jessica Simpson in "probably six years." PHOTOS: Jessica ', 'Moms on Xanax: Women Say Antidepressants, Anti-Anxiety Meds Make Them Better Moms', 'I was back to myself," Sanchez said. She has no doubt that her anti-anxiety drug made her a better mother. WATCH:  Vanessa Lachey  Reveals Struggle With Postpartum Depression "Oh, absolutely ... I don\'t think I would have been able to function ', 'Vanessa Lachey  welcomed a baby boy, Camden, with husband Nick Lachey last September, and now the TV personality admits that she dealt with ', "New mom  Vanessa Lachey  couldn't wait to hold her newborn boy in her arms after giving birth, but says her feelings of pure joy and happiness morphed ", "all moms in Hollywood. Check out who else is working to get back to their pre-baby bodies:  Vanessa Lachey  It didn't take long for  Vanessa Lachey  to get her pre-baby body back. Just four weeks after giving birth, the former MTV host showed ", "If you didn't know, you'd never believe that  Vanessa Lachey  had a baby four weeks ago. This week, the new mom stepped out for the first time since giving birth to son Camden John , whose ", 'singing career in favor of TV hosting gigs (he fronted NBC\'s "The Sing-Off") and being a family man. He and wife  Vanessa Minnillo  announced in March that they\'re expecting their first child. Christina Aguilera The "Genie in a Bottle" singer underwent ', 'Image credit: Kevin Mazur/WireImage/Getty Images Nick Lachey and his wife,  Vanessa  ( Minnillo ) Lachey, are having a baby. Lachey announced the news of his first child on "Live! With Kelly" Monday. The couple married ', 'Tucson) THURSDAY, JANUARY 5 - Queen Latifah ; workplace contributor Tory Johnson with secret steals and deals for viewers;  Vanessa Lachey  ("Wipeout"); B is for Baking... cooking with Elmo and Cookie Monster FRIDAY, JANUARY 6 - Jennifer Morrison (ABC\'s ', "always wipe out the residue of past exes. That's what  Vanessa Minnillo  is learning as she settles into married life with Nick their relationship baggage. Neilson Barnard/Getty Images  Vanessa Minnillo , Nick Lachey ... and Jessica Simpson Though Lachey and ", 'picture-perfect wedding. An intimate crowd gathered on a beautiful island before to watch two gorgeous people, Nick Lachey and  Vanessa Minnillo  , tie the knot. "We see celebrity weddings all the time but this one was a happily ever after ... a real love story ', 'fans to celebrate with her on the most important day of her life." Apparently, Nick Lachey feels the same way. He and  Vanessa Minnillo  have signed on to air their wedding on TLC in a special called "Nick & Vanessa\'s Dream Wedding." Divorce rates these ', 'Dr. Jennifer Ashton discusses potential treatments for women suffering from the "baby blues."', "ABC's 'Wipeout' Promises Tougher Obstacles: Vanessa Lachey  Joins as New Co-Host", "We're also very happy to hear. Nicholas Shea isn't yeah breaking news the commissioner is going to be to advance this morning that he is indeed. Going to be heard that he's guilt from his fiancee of a long time. The next and they used in fact pregnant when and that is very excited about it much", "Many Catholics say is one busy out she can be seen every week co hosting the wacky world of wipe out on ABC. She's promoting the take a load off campaign teaching people how to be more Green when it comes to doing their laundry and all between nursing planning and doctor's appointment. She and", "Let's start with the news of and So exciting it's it's so exciting everyone in touch weekly is absolutely thrilled for them. As you know and nick had a very high profile marriage to Jessica Simpson that didn't work out and he's finally found his soul mate in the Manila. Nick took to his Twitter"]