['generous award. And the reasons for this being... the treatment of American Indians today by the film industry."  Vanessa Redgrave  - Best Supporting Actress, Julia The Jewish Defense League objected to Redgrave\'s nomination for her role as a ', 'presidents. The film, in theaters next year, has Oprah starring alongside acting greats such as Robin Williams,  Vanessa Redgrave  and John Cusack, and taking part in some much-buzzed-about sex scenes with actor Forest Whitaker. "Thank you ', 'stars who performed at a special concert in her honor. Sir Bob Geldof, Riverdance, Damien Rice, and the actors  Vanessa Redgrave  and Jack Gleeson were among other stars paying tribute to Suu Kyi. The Irish Times dubbed it a "Mandela Moment ', 'tumultuous and increasingly broke London aristocrat Edward De Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, courtier to Queen Elizabeth I.  Vanessa Redgrave  plays Elizabeth. Sir Derek Jacobi guides us in and out of the story. Rhys Ifans (previously acclaimed for his ', 'of some great shopping, attended a taping of "Live! With Regis & Kelly," and got to see James Earl Jones and  Vanessa Redgrave  in Driving Miss Daisy. I loved getting to experience the lights of Times Square, the fashion of 5th Avenue, and ', 'More recently, it has hosted the likes of David Frost, actor Christopher Plummer of "The Sound of Music,"  Vanessa Redgrave , Margaret Thatcher and Sarah Ferguson. Kate Still Undecided on Bridesmaids Kate has yet to select all of her bridesmaids ', 'Vanessa Redgrave  is "grieving" and "glorying" after Grieving and glorying." Watch  Vanessa Redgrave \'s full interview on "The View May 14 at 11 a.m. ET on ABC.  Vanessa Redgrave  might be accustomed to coping with ', "sister and acclaimed actress  Vanessa Redgrave , were plagued by divorces next generation, including  Vanessa Redgrave 's daughter Natasha Richardson the three Redgrave children.  Vanessa Redgrave : Michael Redgrave pushed his ", "never achieved the acclaim of her elder sister,  Vanessa Redgrave , Lynn Redgrave did receive Oscar nominations for She was also the aunt of actress Joely Richardson,  Vanessa Redgrave 's daughter and Natasha Richardson's sister ", 'category favorite was Joan Plowright of "Enchanted April." Other famous actresses nominated in the category included  Vanessa Redgrave  and Judy Davis. The Golden Globe that year went to Plowright; Tomei wasn\'t nominated at all. Tomei has never ', 'Richardson was born into one of the most lauded acting families in Great Britain. She was the daughter of the actress  Vanessa Redgrave  and film director Tony Richardson, who died in 1991, the niece of the actress Lynn Redgrave, and the granddaughter ', 'Richardson was born into one of the most lauded acting families in Great Britain. She was the daughter of the actress  Vanessa Redgrave  and the film director Tony Richardson, who died in 1991, the niece of the actress Lynn Redgrave, and the granddaughter ', "Great Britain. She was the daughter of the actress  Vanessa Redgrave  and the film director Tony Richardson, who died Richardson on the ski holiday. Richardson's mother,  Vanessa Redgrave , was seen entering Lenox Hill Hospital Tuesday night ", "unpredictable yeah. One year we were sure gonna be Lauren Bacall and Julie one one we're sure it's going to be  Vanessa Redgrave  and you know somebody else would someone I can go anyway pages you just can't predict so Melissa was the favor ", "and Julie -- one one -- we're sure it's going to be Vanessa Redgrave and you know somebody else would someone I can go anyway pages you just can't predict so Melissa -- was -- the ", "recently we've had tells used to sitting at frost Christopher Plummer the sound of music. Arafat has fat check and  Vanessa Redgrave . And what about life off to the wedding in case of Williams of these things whales would that sent to rescue pilots ", 'Plummer the sound of music. Arafat has -- -- fat check and Vanessa Redgrave . And what about life off to the wedding in case of Williams -- of these things whales would -- that sent to ', 'Our next guest is an all Ozzie who stars opposite Amanda Siegfried and  Vanessa Redgrave . In a in chanting love story letters to Juliet. Christopher joins us now in New York to tell us all about it how or you know ', 'next guest is an all Ozzie who stars opposite Amanda Siegfried and Vanessa Redgrave . In a -- in chanting love story letters to Juliet. Christopher -- joins us now in New York to tell us all ', 'As the free thinking title character of Georgy girl later performed in one woman stage performance is the sister  Vanessa Redgrave . was treated for breast cancer in 2003. Her death comes a year after her niece Natasha Richardson died after a ', 'Georgy girl later performed in one woman stage performance is the sister Vanessa Redgrave . -- was treated for breast cancer in 2003. Her death comes a year after her niece Natasha Richardson died after a skiing ', 'single men beating George Clooney for best actor. Prince William presented a special award to British acting legend  Vanessa Redgrave . Who reciprocated with a This is the first time Prince William has attended the baptism considered part of an attempted ', 'best actor. Prince William presented a special award to British acting legend Vanessa Redgrave . Who reciprocated with a -- This is the first time Prince William has attended the baptism considered part of an attempted steal ']