["unpredictable yeah. One year we were sure gonna be Lauren Bacall and Julie one one we're sure it's going to be  Vanessa Redgrave  and you know somebody else would someone I can go anyway pages you just can't predict so Melissa was the favor ", "and Julie -- one one -- we're sure it's going to be Vanessa Redgrave and you know somebody else would someone I can go anyway pages you just can't predict so Melissa -- was -- the ", "recently we've had tells used to sitting at frost Christopher Plummer the sound of music. Arafat has fat check and  Vanessa Redgrave . And what about life off to the wedding in case of Williams of these things whales would that sent to rescue pilots ", 'Plummer the sound of music. Arafat has -- -- fat check and Vanessa Redgrave . And what about life off to the wedding in case of Williams -- of these things whales would -- that sent to ', 'Our next guest is an all Ozzie who stars opposite Amanda Siegfried and  Vanessa Redgrave . In a in chanting love story letters to Juliet. Christopher joins us now in New York to tell us all about it how or you know ', 'next guest is an all Ozzie who stars opposite Amanda Siegfried and Vanessa Redgrave . In a -- in chanting love story letters to Juliet. Christopher -- joins us now in New York to tell us all ', 'As the free thinking title character of Georgy girl later performed in one woman stage performance is the sister  Vanessa Redgrave . was treated for breast cancer in 2003. Her death comes a year after her niece Natasha Richardson died after a ', 'Georgy girl later performed in one woman stage performance is the sister Vanessa Redgrave . -- was treated for breast cancer in 2003. Her death comes a year after her niece Natasha Richardson died after a skiing ', 'single men beating George Clooney for best actor. Prince William presented a special award to British acting legend  Vanessa Redgrave . Who reciprocated with a This is the first time Prince William has attended the baptism considered part of an attempted ', 'best actor. Prince William presented a special award to British acting legend Vanessa Redgrave . Who reciprocated with a -- This is the first time Prince William has attended the baptism considered part of an attempted steal ', 'flown out of the country this afternoon it. The Richardson was born into British entertainment royalty her mother is  Vanessa Redgrave  her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On Lynn Redgrave. So vitamin experiments. You have ', 'The -- Richardson was born into British entertainment royalty her mother is Vanessa Redgrave her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On Lynn Redgrave. So vitamin experiments. You have to develop this really thick skin. ', 'flown out of the country this afternoon it. The Richardson was born into British entertainment royalty her mother is  Vanessa Redgrave  her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On Lynn Redgrave. So vitamin experiments. You have ', 'The -- Richardson was born into British entertainment royalty her mother is Vanessa Redgrave her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On Lynn Redgrave. So vitamin experiments. You have to develop this really thick skin. ', "So now we see these yes can get connection James McAleese who mind paying the man in question And says and our and  Vanessa Redgrave  hang with. Well then help Clinton can't just think it's enough to And He had three prompting Chinese. It was ", "in question -- And says -- -- and -- our -- and Vanessa Redgrave hang with. Well then help Clinton can't just think it's enough to -- And He had three prompting Chinese. It was amazing ", "junior. Eventually she warms up to the old with no real idea who this man once was but the rest of us are reminded by  Vanessa Redgrave . And and playing the wife he abandoned but still visits. Hanson. The director doesn't show us what they see ", "this man once was but the rest of us are reminded by Vanessa Redgrave . And and playing the wife he abandoned but still visits. -- Hanson. The director doesn't show us what they see but any "]