["Shatner's manager and lawyer did not respond to ABCNews.com's requests for comment.  Victoria Principal  The December 2009 blowout between actress  Victoria Principal  and her housekeeper over the actress' pet Shih Tzu sounded like something straight ", 'through the years, he struggled with alcohol and drugs - and relationships. In the early \'80s, Andy and actress  Victoria Principal  were in a tumultuous two-year relationship. "I just fell apart and didn\'t care about anything. I started ', "Shatner's manager and lawyer did not respond to ABCNews.com's requests for comment.  Victoria Principal  The December 2009 blowout between actress  Victoria Principal  and her housekeeper over the actress' pet Shih Tzu sounded like something straight ", "amount. Click through to read about four other celebrity clashes with the help.  Victoria Principal  The December 2009 blowout between actress  Victoria Principal  and her housekeeper over the actress' pet Shih Tzu sounded like something straight ", 'written by Barry Gibb. Andy struggled with alcohol, drugs and relationships. His failed romance with actress  Victoria Principal  left him devastated. "I just fell apart and didn\'t care about anything. I started to do cocaine around the ', 'written by Barry Gibb. Andy struggled with alcohol, drugs and relationships. His failed romance with actress  Victoria Principal  left him devastated. "I just fell apart and didn\'t care about anything. I started to do cocaine around the ', 'continued her television work, including a role on "Models, Inc." and guest appearances on episodic television.  Victoria Principal /Pamela Barnes Ewing Principal, 62, had started her television acting career in the 1970s. Then she struck oil ', 'off the couch." Lucci is also the face of her own skin care line, Youthful Essence. 12.  Victoria Principal : "Dallas" alumna  Victoria Principal  hasn\'t just appeared in infomercials for her skin care line Principal Secret -- she\'s also ', "Oil Spill Gets Star Power: Justin Bieber, Sting to Headline Larry King's Telethon", 'Fund. (Notably not the Gulf of Mexico fund because, as Colbert said, "We broke it, we bought it.") Actress  Victoria Principal  donated $200,000 to Oceana and the Natural Resources Defense Council. Director James Cameron solicited advice ', 'we bought it.") Stephen Colbert is donating to oil spill cleanup efforts with Microsoft\'s Bing. Actress  Victoria Principal  donated $200,000 to Oceana and the Natural Resources Defense Council. Director James Cameron solicited advice ', 'Paris Hilton, Victoria Principal , Rob Lowe, Britney Spears and More: When Celeb Hired Help Strikes Back', 'battles between celebrities and hired help:  Victoria Principal  In the case of  Victoria Principal , the fight got physical. The "Dallas at the maid, according to court papers.  Victoria Principal . A day after Banegas filed her lawsuit ', "but of course in real life.  Victoria Principal  is had as much if not more of those fragile actresses  Victoria Principal  looks appearing on screen in that please yourself. And  Victoria Principal  if it's separate to talk ", "from the iconic television show Dallas but of course in real life. Victoria Principal is had as much -- if not more trials as the rest of us. And both pierce has become a real object lesson in determination self reliance and the power of -- -- in yourself. Give folks classroom -- -- -- -- -- You're my wife now your family you are -- Ewing. Incidents she -- one of those fragile actresses Victoria Principal looks appearing on screen in 1978 playing the beautiful and wealthy Pamela Ewing on the long running primetime soap Dallas. Who could ", "finally decided he cannot -- the world that -- please yourself. And Victoria Principal if it's separate to talk to thank you -- so nice to be here have -- I have to start. With what "]