["us with her lovely presence once again her name is  Vanessa Hudgens  and she is back again his new album can't identify And High School Musical three in also rock on. Miss  Vanessa Hudgens  joining us playing good morning. Thank you.", "is. Gracing us with her lovely presence once again her name is Vanessa Hudgens and she is back again his new album can't identify ethnic and -- that in her in mourning the ninety year. It's ", 'in October. And High School Musical three in also rock on. Miss Vanessa Hudgens joining us playing good morning. Thank you. ', 'famous if teen and tween entertainment. Selena gomez, from "the wizards of waverly place." Ashley benson and  vanessa hudgens . They play college student who is rob a diner to pay for a trip to florida where they hook up with a tweerk gangster ', 'entertainment. Selena gomez, from "the wizards of waverly place." Ashley benson and vanessa hudgens . They play college student who is rob a diner to pay for a trip to florida where they hook up with a ', "hours of talks and it does so that make forty is seventy dollars by the way by your friends Gwen Stefani Eva Longoria  Vanessa Hudgens . 51 55%. Off this 155%. At eighteen to thirty and fifty outside screaming yeah. I'm not fun right. I really ", "dollars -- by the way by your friends Gwen Stefani Eva Longoria Vanessa Hudgens . 51 55%. Off this 155%. At eighteen to thirty and fifty outside screaming -- yeah. I'm not fun -- right. I really ", 'nude photos posted online. Adding her to a long list of celebrities with otherwise squeaky clean images. Including  Vanessa Hudgens  from High School Musical Adrian from Cheetah Girls. Caught up being nude photos were leaked. Or hacked and put online ', 'to a long list of celebrities with otherwise squeaky clean images. Including Vanessa Hudgens from High School Musical Adrian -- from Cheetah Girls. Caught up being nude photos -- -- were leaked. Or hacked and put ', "separated for some time. Here's another surprising split High School Musical stars and longtime couple Ron and  Vanessa Hudgens . Have called it quits after three years of dating us weekly is reporting the breakup was mutual.", 'split High School Musical stars and longtime couple -- -- Ron and Vanessa Hudgens . Have called it quits after three years of dating us weekly is reporting the breakup was mutual. ', "where we'll Jacob and the second movie. And now Entertainment Weekly is reporting that High School Musical star  Vanessa Hudgens  is auditioning for the role of where old Malia. Have sequels coming together in fact we know. Just take a breather ", 'movie. And now Entertainment Weekly is reporting that High School Musical star Vanessa Hudgens is auditioning for the role of -- where old Malia. Have sequels coming together in fact we know. Just take a breather ', 'smash hit movies High School Musical High School Musical two. She is back making it big with her seconds. Solo album  Vanessa Hudgens  new hits CD identified. Hit stores yesterday and she is here now please welcome Not one but two CDs that you have ', 'two. She is back making it big with her seconds. Solo album Vanessa Hudgens new hits CD identified. Hit stores yesterday and she is here now please welcome -- Not one but two CDs that you ', 'Now to the talk of the Internet that racy picture of High School Musical star  Vanessa Hudgens  that her rep confirms as real. Several blogs have posted a pick up the ages and to start in the nude in a dressing room. Earlier ', 'talk of the Internet that racy picture of High School Musical star Vanessa Hudgens that her rep confirms as real. Several blogs have posted a pick up the ages and to start in the nude in ', 'All they remember  Vanessa Hudgens  of my High School Musical some new photos of her leaked out. Either someone release of the last few days or so now the FBI is ', 'All they remember Vanessa Hudgens of my High School Musical -- -- -- some new photos of her leaked out. Either someone -- release of the last ', 'of stars are reportedly include Christina Aguilera  Vanessa Hudgens  Scarlett Johansson. And Miley Cyrus just to name spotted first by a computer. And ultimately the naked.  Vanessa Hudgens  Scarlett Johansson. Jessica Alba and plants. Familiar ', "cell phones and email accounts of stars are reportedly include Christina Aguilera Vanessa Hudgens Scarlett Johansson. And Miley Cyrus just to name a few Lindsey Davis is here following the story good morning good morning be on it turns out not all stargazers are astronomers. The heavenly bodies we're talking about this morning -- in cyberspace not outer space and instead of a telescope they're being spotted first by a computer. And ultimately the naked. Vanessa Hudgens Scarlett Johansson. Jessica Alba and plants. Familiar eye -- -- Roxy suddenly victims of the reverse through very private lives. Parts -- ", "you're you'll obviously friends with your with. Your care other characters on High School Musical Zack asked for and  Vanessa Hudgens . Do you guys ever to talk and think wow this has come so far from basically. TV series to this huge you know movie ", 'other characters on High School Musical Zack asked for -- -- and Vanessa Hudgens . Do you guys ever to -- talk and think wow this has come so far from basically. -- TV series to this ', 'the FBI has gotten involved in some cases they are reportedly investigating a ring of hackers leaking nude photos of  Vanessa Hudgens  Scarlett Johansson and Miley Cyrus to the world. Some celebrities are fighting back like congressman Weiner who says ', 'they are reportedly investigating a ring of hackers leaking nude photos of Vanessa Hudgens Scarlett Johansson and Miley Cyrus to the world. Some celebrities are fighting back like congressman Weiner who says He has been hacked ', "now just like any typical girl might have not always sat in America breaks up RA now too High School Musical stars  Vanessa Hudgens  and after Ron. They weren't dating for over three years and why did they split up yeah this actually really surprised ", "in America breaks up RA -- now too High School Musical stars Vanessa Hudgens and -- after Ron. They weren't dating for over three years and why did they split up yeah this actually really surprised ", "They're back on the dating scene and I think a lot of people are happy about that they couldn't be more gorgeous. at  Vanessa Hudgens . You Rachel wise yet Kate Winslet all of these people are are back on the dating scene in Hollywood is going to be ", "happy about that -- they couldn't be more gorgeous. -- at -- Vanessa Hudgens . You Rachel wise yet Kate Winslet all of these people are are back on the dating scene in Hollywood is going to ", 'its next move with near constant following from the paparazzi. And careful in his relationships. He met actress  Vanessa Hudgens  on set during High School Musical and the two are still together the year they a woman for years and your hot prop ', 'following from the paparazzi. And careful in his relationships. He met actress Vanessa Hudgens on set during High School Musical and the two are still together the year they -- a woman for years and your ', "unprecedented in the history of Hollywood and they they had plans to rob a lot of people to have long list. up and  Vanessa Hudgens  Miley Cyrus and hope otherwise they weren't stopping things showed no signs of stopping. Prove also advises police ", "of people to have long -- -- list. -- up -- and Vanessa Hudgens Miley Cyrus and hope -- otherwise they weren't stopping things showed no signs of stopping. Prove also advises police he's in possession ", "year old you are about to meet. A life branded as a sex offender. So is it time to rethink the law as the report.  Vanessa Hudgens  of high school music and Hannah Montana's Miley Cyrus. Apologized a couple of years ago sexy pictures of them out ", "is it time to rethink the law -- -- as the report. Vanessa Hudgens of high school music -- and Hannah Montana's Miley Cyrus. Apologized a couple of years ago -- sexy pictures of them -- ", "It turned out to an unprecedented look at the making of a High School Musical but this is your typical F Ron and  Vanessa Hudgens  love story. It's the actual behind the scenes challenges frustrations and try hands of ordinary high school students ", "High School Musical but this is your typical -- F Ron and Vanessa Hudgens love story. It's the actual behind the scenes challenges frustrations and try hands of ordinary high school students. With big ambitions as "]