['who has represented former Rep. Gary Condit, former first brother Roger Clinton, Academy award-winning actress  Winona Ryder , pop star Michael Jackson and Scott Peterson, told ABC News. Geragos, an Armenian-American, said it shows a lot ', '11 attacks and the U.S. elections. Famous Birthdays 1942 Bob Ross 1947 Richard Dreyfuss 1961 Randy Jackson 1971  Winona Ryder  Jump back to Oct. 28: Day in History . View more videos from This Day in History: October .', 'stuff of Norman Rockwell. In 1978, at the age of 7,  Winona Ryder  moved into the Rainbow commune in California with her career a few years later when her family moved on and  Winona Ryder  began auditioning in earnest.', 'after she allegedly stole a $2,500 necklace from a California jewelry designer earlier this year. In 2001, actress  Winona Ryder  was arrested for shoplifting some $5,500 worth of designer clothes and accessories from the Saks Fifth Avenue store ', "one of California's most expensive, high-profile lawyers: Mark Geragos , who has represented Michael Jackson ,  Winona Ryder  and Scott Peterson . Geragos argued his client couldn't be guilty for several key reasons: among them, pictures ", "Movie or Miniseries Claire Danes, Temple Grandin Catherine O'Hara, Temple Grandin Julia Ormond, Temple Grandin  Winona Ryder , When Love Is Not Enough Susan Sarandon, You Don't Know Jack Male Actor, Drama Series Steve Buscemi, Boardwalk ", "and adopted a little boy from New Orleans who currently rivals Suri Cruise in the cute celebrity kids department.  Winona Ryder  : For a long time, the thing for which many people remembered Ryder was her 2001 shoplifting arrest. Finally, she's ", 'While  Winona Ryder  \'s enjoying another moment in the sun I\'m an oldie!\'" Ryder recounted.  Winona Ryder  with Christian Slater in \'Heathers Women" and "The Age of Innocence."  Winona Ryder  as Jo in \'Little Women.\' But don\'t ', 'Winona Ryder \'s small but juicy role as an aging former I\'m an oldie!\'" Ryder recounted.  Winona Ryder  with Christian Slater in \'Heathers Women" and "The Age of Innocence."  Winona Ryder  as Jo in \'Little Women.\' But don\'t ', 'chooses to do." The former mayor\'s daughter is far from the first bold-faced name to be accused of shoplifting.  Winona Ryder  memorably racked up four felony charges for shoplifting from a Beverly Hills Saks Fifth Avenue in 2001. She was convicted ', 'honor. She was up against some of the best female actresses of her time, including Rosie Perez for "Fearless;"  Winona Ryder , who had already won a Golden Globe for "The Age of Innocence;" and Emma Thompson for "In the Name of the Father ', "Winona of all people and I say of all people because in the interview they talk about that she's an energy she's being interviewed she says that she knew that Mel Gibson was not only a homophobic but anti Semitic fifteen years ago. She says she's at a big Hollywood party He basically first makes a", 'cell phones and the web. Warren buffett is bearish on technology. Angelina jolie jokes about her tech phobia. And  winona ryder  told jimmy fallon the internet scares her. The googling, which is terrifying to me. Reporter: And the man with over ', 'is bearish on technology. Angelina jolie jokes about her tech phobia. And winona ryder told jimmy fallon the internet scares her. The googling, which is terrifying to me. Reporter: And the man with over 100 movies ', "to profit off food and as a result they can hurt the prosecution's case. This still could be because I've ever.  Winona Ryder  seeing the video over and over again what with her shoplifting and people are looking at this closely so this could ", "can hurt the prosecution's case. This still could be because I've ever. Winona Ryder seeing the video over and over again what with her shoplifting and people are -- looking at this closely so this could ", 'serving jail time. Six months she takes two ticks off the table and now possibly could they had been and that she should  Winona Ryder . He went to trial petty shoplifting she could to plead guilty. How to reduce sentiments and a role model to girls ', 'possibly could they had been -- and that she should -- -- Winona Ryder . He went to trial -- -- petty shoplifting -- she could to plead guilty. How to reduce sentiments and -- -- a ', 'And joining us live from Los Angeles prominent defense attorney Mark Geragos president Michael Jackson Chris Brown  Winona Ryder  among others and former Los Angeles county deputy DA Robin sax good morning. of both glad to have you back with us ', 'prominent defense attorney Mark Geragos -- -- president Michael Jackson Chris Brown Winona Ryder among others and former Los Angeles county deputy DA Robin sax good morning. -- of both glad to have you back with ', "better. While we go you know it's like but if somebody that it. You know if you that you hear about these celebrities  Winona Ryder  was doing an outfits that admitted that they refill your life. And you what you do you get it out in that way when ", 'that it. You know if you that you hear about these celebrities Winona Ryder was doing an -- -- -- outfits that admitted that they refill -- -- -- -- -- your life. And you what ', 'who is a family. Therapists and joins us from Boston and this is not an unusual case we have seen this before. Brian  Winona Ryder  and other folks. You know this is. Is an situation. We know that just 50% of the people who shoplift are. Educated ', 'this is not an unusual case we have seen this before. Brian Winona Ryder and other folks. You know this is. Is an -- situation. We know that just 50% of the people who shoplift are. ']