["think it's any of your business. It's electric.  Viola davis  joins us now. Welcome back. Thank you for having me can be beautiful and frightening. Just the beginning.  Viola davis . Thank you for coming back.", "just -- I don't think it's any of your business. It's electric. Viola davis joins us now. Welcome back. Thank you for having me. You were forbid on the read the book. You cheated? Did. That's ", "1/2. She's talking. It can be beautiful and frightening. Just the beginning. Viola davis . Thank you for coming back. ", 'We are equally excited to welcome  Viola Davis  here to Times Square do you member of heartfelt tribute years ago at the sag awards take a look again. gifted to  Viola Davis  might. Yeah I know waving her award saying that things ', 'We are equally excited to welcome Viola Davis here to Times Square do you member of -- -- heartfelt tribute to her. Doubt costar few years ago at the sag awards take a look again. -- gifted to Viola Davis might. Yeah I know -- -- waving -- her award saying that things are heard tremendous performance and the help she won ', "Washington in 2009 Oscar nominee  Viola Davis  are teaming up to star on Broadway Twenty years later with co star  Viola Davis  is his wife rose we'll try to fences starring Denzel Washington  Viola Davis  is playing on Broadway through ", "white way. Two time Oscar winner Denzel Washington in 2009 Oscar nominee Viola Davis are teaming up to star on Broadway in August Wilson's Pulitzer Prize winning play. Fences it took a quick break from -- ", "play and Pulitzer for best drama. Twenty years later with co star Viola Davis is his wife rose -- we'll try to recreate that magic. -- we want to final. Okay don't -- my way silence ", 'for -- campaign -- thank you. What eighteen fences starring Denzel Washington Viola Davis is playing on Broadway through July 11 you get information on it it abcnews.com. ', 'she donned in "les miz" was the best all time. She\'s not the only one to go short. Emma watson. Halle berry,  viola davis  make it look powerful and gorgeous. Reporter: Chris mcmillan famous for creating rachel back IN THE \'90s ON JENNIFER ', "She's not the only one to go short. Emma watson. Halle berry, viola davis make it look powerful and gorgeous. Reporter: Chris mcmillan famous for creating rachel back IN THE '90s ON JENNIFER ANISTON Say many ", "morning are so talented. Everyone asks me, did you give them advice? No. I learn from them. They're gifted. We had  viola davis  on. It opens thursday. Valentine's day. Best of luck. Thursday, theaters nationwide. Do not miss it.", "give them advice? No. I learn from them. They're gifted. We had viola davis on. It opens thursday. Valentine's day. Best of luck. Thursday, theaters nationwide. Do not miss it. ", "cruel to teacher, not all acher, because there are a lot of great teachers out there in america. Yes. and it starred  viola davis  and maggie gyllenhaal, holly hunter, and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's ", "lot of great teachers out there in america. Yes. and it starred viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal, holly hunter, and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's about a parent and ", "big screen thanks to this group of award winning actress'. And joining us now to talk about the health Bart Starr is  Viola Davis  another award winning opposite. Duplicate and Bryce Dallas power back ladies and gentlemen I'm doing this through ", "And joining us now to talk about the health Bart Starr is Viola Davis another award winning opposite. Duplicate and Bryce Dallas power back ladies and gentlemen -- -- -- I'm doing this through here. Loved ", 'black maids clean the homes of white women raised their children. But would never treated his real human being. Yeah.  Viola Davis  stars as the long suffering a the impact and extremely fetal life could be me. And just last Screen Actors Guild award ', 'raised their children. But would never treated his real human being. Yeah. Viola Davis stars as the long suffering a -- the -- impact and extremely fetal life could be me. And just last -- -- ', 'coming here please. The decision to play Abilene made in 1960s. Jim Crow era Mississippi. Was not an easy one for  Viola Davis . You think it was safe out. Lord have mercy when their hold on this her new film help resonates deeply. Playing the ', 'in 1960s. Jim Crow era Mississippi. Was not an easy one for Viola Davis . You think it was safe out. Lord have mercy when their hold on this -- her new film help resonates deeply. Playing ', 'nominees here. Glenn Close and Albert  Viola Davis  in the help. Rooney Mara and girl had gold for awhile. And then  Viola Davis  by Davis in the the movie that This is the movie the public but.  Viola Davis  was on the show and she talked ', 'Best actress what -- the nominees here. Glenn Close and Albert -- Viola Davis in the help. Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon tattoo. Merrill street in the iron lady and Michelle Williams in -- ', "to -- -- that Merrill hasn't had gold for awhile. And then Viola Davis by -- Davis in the -- the movie that he's the only movie. In these major Oscar nominees -- not -- 170 million dollars nothing else even -- 800. This is the movie the public but. Viola Davis was on the show and she talked a little bit about what the help meant to her so let's hear that. I just think it's a story of -- cartridge. It's something about. The car reached in the ordinary. Person. That resonates with people the underdog story now I've loved what Viola Davis -- saying all my heart. Goes to her in this I think if you roof with the young actresses Rooney Mara whose ", "down to what's gonna happen yes I am saying it goes to Viola Davis I don't think the academy -- That Merrill Streep is hasn't won in so long I think they care about Viola Davis the civil rights movement. A woman who was made in Mississippi in the sixties I think they want to stand up to ", 'nominees year blend called than Albert  Viola Davis  in the hill Rooney Mara and girl had gold for awhile. And then  Viola Davis  by Evelyn Davis in the the movie is the movie the public life.  Viola Davis  was on the show and she talked ', "right. Best actress what -- the nominees year blend called than Albert Viola Davis in the hill Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon. To Meryl Streep in the iron lady Michelle Williams. It's a contest. ", "to feel sorry that Merrill hasn't had gold for awhile. And then Viola Davis by Evelyn Davis in the -- the movie that is the only movie. In these major Oscar nominees in the bond between -- 170 million dollar nothing else -- 800. This is the movie the public life. Viola Davis was on the show and she talked a little bit about what to help make her so let's hear that. I just think it's a story of hope cartridge. It's something about. The -- reached in the ordinary. Person. That resonates with people the underdog story now I'd love what Viola Davis saying all my heart. Goes to -- this I think if you route with the young actresses Rooney Mara -- only 27 ", "down to what's gonna happen so I am saying it goes to Viola Davis I don't think the academy -- That Meryl Streep is hasn't won in so long I think they care about Viola Davis the civil rights movement. A woman who was in made in Mississippi in the sixties. I think they -- to stand up ", 'and to return treasure access to remember to get her assignments. You and you talk about this task you obviously.  Viola Davis  Davis Sissy Spacek along with some up and comers Emma Stone Jessica chest and Bryce Dallas Howard. Previous events ', 'get her assignments. You and you talk about this task you obviously. Viola Davis Davis Sissy Spacek along with some up and comers Emma Stone Jessica chest and Bryce Dallas Howard. Previous events -- -- A ', 'between black maids in the white employers in 1960s Jackson Mississippi became a feature film starring Emma Stone and  Viola Davis  Sheila Cox. helped highlights a tender subject indignities suffered by the who care for white children. And ideas ', 'Mississippi -- -- -- became a feature film starring Emma Stone and Viola Davis Sheila Cox. -- helped highlights a tender subject indignities suffered by the -- who care for white children. And ideas organic captains ', "I may I could think of this movie definitely is Oscar where they got a lot of other illnesses hitting a lot of fire  Viola Davis  is a really big name I think you're gonna see you later on as far as getting best actress that material possibly ", "got a lot of other illnesses hitting a lot of fire -- Viola Davis is a really big name I think you're gonna see you later on as far as getting best actress that material possibly. ", "around. Actress drama we've got Glenn Close for Albert you haven't seen that movie put well. This plays a man  Viola Davis  for the help she was tremendous as an excellent chance to Merrill Streep is back again this time playing Margaret Thatcher ", "haven't seen that movie -- put -- well. This plays a man Viola Davis for the help she was tremendous as an excellent chance to -- Merrill Streep is back again this time playing Margaret Thatcher ", 'its other. While George commandeered for its I have to give it back to can to the bar otherwise. Nominee and friends  viola Davis  and Merrill Streep has been sharing best actress of late with Merrill winning the Golden Globe. And I love you viola ', 'to -- can -- to the bar otherwise. Nominee -- and friends viola Davis and Merrill Streep has been sharing best actress -- of late with Merrill winning the Golden Globe. And I love you viola. ', "scoops and it really seems like it's gonna come down with best actress real it's a great Rivera says. Merrill street  Viola Davis  I lots of other great women in the category two but. It's really too close to call at this point because that Merrill ", "best actress -- real -- it's a great Rivera says. Merrill street Viola Davis I -- lots of other great women in the category two but. It's really too close to call at this point because ", "anything just a nice big stone from players. Why can't even yeah. That and then the one that I saw them standing to  Viola Davis  There is clearly that we should in this great rich Green not a beautiful moment for her not that was right there that's ", 'That -- and then the one that I saw them standing to Viola Davis -- There is clearly that we should in this great rich -- Green -- not a beautiful moment for her not that ']