['is a list of the most common and dangerous bugs or diseases that you could take home with you or find in your home: 1. The Human Bot Fly 2. Fish Tapeworms 3. Taenia Solium 4. Lice & Bedbugs 5.  Guinea Worm  6. Malaria 7. Chagas Disease', 'strange places." 7)  Guinea Worm  The horrific nature of a  Guinea worm  infection is perhaps best captured in its Latin name --  Dracunculus medinensis . Roughly translated Despite its small size, the  Guinea worm  can cause excruciating ', 'strange places." 6)  Guinea Worm  The horrific nature of a  Guinea worm  infection is perhaps best captured in its Latin name --  Dracunculus medinensis . Roughly translated Despite its small size, the  Guinea worm  can cause excruciating ', 'strange places." 5)  Guinea Worm  The horrific nature of a  Guinea worm  infection is perhaps best captured in its Latin name --  Dracunculus medinensis . Roughly translated Despite its small size, the  Guinea worm  can cause excruciating ', "stage for disease to fester. Each year, millions of people die from diseases related to unclean water, such as cholera and  guinea worm . These deaths are largely preventable, but if drastic measures aren't taken to clean up the world's water supplies ", 'systemic parasitic disease called  Guinea worm . In 1986 3.5 million cases in 20 Melinda Gates Foundation. "Our record on  Guinea worm  for the last few years has been steadily officially eradicate the disease, making the  Guinea worm  one of a few diseases (such as small ', 'ATLANTA (AP) - Cases of  Guinea worm  disease -- a horrifying infection nations in 2007. "Our record on  Guinea worm  for the last few years has been million to match the Gates gift.  Guinea worm  occurs when people drink water ', 'say just about. We started out with 3.6 million cases of  Guinea worm . All the way through 2007, we had less than 10,000, which entirely feasible, that we would have complete eradication of  Guinea worm  from the face of the earth -- the second disease this ever ', 'our battles against  Guinea worm , trachoma, and onchocerciasis that six diseases? dracunculiasis , poliomyelitis, mumps theoretically feasible.  Guinea worm  and polio eradication disease. Two diseases ( Guinea worm  and polio) have been ', "Stephanopoulos: You put a special focus on  Guinea worm  Carter: Yes. Stephanopoulos: especially a drink of the water they imbibe the  Guinea worm  eggs. A year later, it's a worm Absolutely. The main concentration of  Guinea worm  now is in Ghana which has a setback ", "of Rotary International. President Jimmy Carter's heroic efforts have similarly led to great successes against African  Guinea Worm  and other parasitic diseases. And since President George W. Bush launched an emergency response to AIDS in Africa in 2003 ", "two problem countries so we well on the way and I think it's entirely feasible. That we will have complete eradication of  Guinea worm  from the face of the earth the second disease. This ever happened to. By the end of 2009 that's my prediction well we ", "I think it's entirely feasible. That we will have complete eradication of Guinea worm from the face of the earth the second disease. This ever happened to. By the end of 2009 that's my prediction well ", "whole year and if anybody to of the water they in five. In  Guinea worm  eggs. A year later it's a war room about three feet That have a concerted effort now to do away with that this. Point  Guinea worm  has been eradicated all but a few countries 9597%. the world ", "if anybody -- to -- of the water they in five. In Guinea worm eggs. A year later it's a war room about -- -- three feet -- That lecture. Us and -- inside of the ", 'a concerted effort now to do away with -- that this. Point Guinea worm has been eradicated all but a few countries 9597%. -- -- the world this would be the first. Disease eradicated since smallpox ']