['housewife who falls apart after discovering her husband\'s affair, but she appears to have been replaced by actress  Virginia Madsen . "It\'s always hard for a former \'it girl.\' Trying to go back is never good," Shuter said. "Meg is now taking ', 'Mr. Hopper. RIP." -- director-actor Kevin Smith. "So long Dennis. U taught me so much." -- actress  Virginia Madsen , who starred in the Hopper-directed "The Hot Spot." "RIP Dennis Hopper. Man, I\'m getting tired of typing ', 'around the house. USA TODAY\'s Donna Freydkin and William Keck report on how some have been spending their summer.  Virginia Madsen  The actress, who recently starred in the film Diminished Capacity, has taken up a new hobby. "I just learned how ', "is dead, especially when paired with Farrah Fawcett hair. She looked more red-light district than red carpet.  Virginia Madsen  -- In Kevan Hall that's too blue, too busty, too bad. Rosario Dawson -- Sleeves or no sleeves? Asymmetrical ", 'a turnoff. Best Supporting Actress The Nominees : Cate Blanchett, "The Aviator"; Laura Linney, "Kinsey";  Virginia Madsen , "Sideways"; Sophie Okonedo, "Hotel Rwanda"; Natalie Portman, "Closer" Many movie fans cried foul when ', 'Baby" Clive Owen, "Closer" Best Supporting Actress: Cate Blanchett, "The Aviator" Laura Linney, "Kinsey"  Virginia Madsen , "Sideways" Sophie Okonedo, "Hotel Rwanda" Natalie Portman, "Closer" Best Original Screenplay: "The Aviator ', 'Dollar Baby" Best Supporting Actress The Contenders: Cate Blanchett in "The Aviator" Laura Linney in "Kinsey"  Virginia Madsen  in "Sideways" Sophie Okonedo in "Hotel Rwanda" Natalie Portman in "Closer" Joel\'s Prediction: Cate Blanchett ', 'he asks. In "Sideways" we see the crazy connections that can rescue a broken heart from oblivion. In Maya ( Virginia Madsen ), Miles finds a kindred spirit who speaks the language of wine. "What do you think?" Maya asks, after uncorking ', 'Neverland" 6. Best Supporting Actress Cate Blanchett, "The Aviator" Regina King, "Ray" Laura Linney, "Kinsey"  Virginia Madsen , "Sideways" Sophie Okonedo, "Hotel Rwanda" Natalie Portman, "Closer"', 'shooting. This was just, like, a smaller film," said  Virginia Madsen , who plays a waitress romanced by Paul Giamatti Blanchett, "The Aviator"; Laura Linney, "Kinsey";  Virginia Madsen , "Sideways"; Natalie Portman, "Closer"; Meryl ', 'Baby" Clive Owen, "Closer" Best Supporting Actress: Cate Blanchett, "The Aviator" Laura Linney, "Kinsey"  Virginia Madsen , "Sideways" Sophie Okonedo, "Hotel Rwanda" Natalie Portman, "Closer" Best Original Screenplay: "The Aviator ', 'new show scoundrels starring  Virginia Madsen  then before so Castro. Left the lovely and very talented  Virginia Madsen  is starring on the small screen to and then expand regularly  Virginia Madsen . The great pleasure and thank ', "do what I gotta do. That is the new show scoundrels starring Virginia Madsen then before -- so Castro. Left for little vacation got a chance to sit down with the Oscar nominated actress. Well this lady has been nominated for an Oscar for her work in the independent drama sideways. Now the lovely and very talented Virginia Madsen is starring on the small screen in the new dramatic comedy. Scoundrel let's about a family of Kirk's trying to go straight ", 'we have to -- -- and then -- -- expand regularly -- Virginia Madsen . The great pleasure and thank you so much for stopping by. ', 'very talented lady from the quirky comedy sideways. About an interesting journey through wine country. Well today  Virginia Madsen  is talking about a whole lot more than just great she joins us today to talk about her latest project. It is empowering ', 'quirky comedy sideways. About an interesting journey through wine country. Well today Virginia Madsen is talking about a whole lot more than just great she joins us today to talk about her latest project. It is ', "I like my voice being heard. And that's what you can get from voting our guest is actress a wonderful actress  Virginia Madsen  and she's Chinese. Get people in this country to get out and vote in it's very important. Why is so important ", "you can get from voting our guest is actress a wonderful actress Virginia Madsen and she's Chinese. Get people in this country to get out and vote in it's very important. Why is so important for "]