['him home. "I was just grinning from ear to ear."  Viola Davis  Leave it to Octavia Spencer to reveal her "Help" co-star  Viola Davis \' secret: that she was a new mom to daughter Genesis ', "BAFTA and then the Oscar. The same happened for Meryl Streep in 2011 when she lost the Critics' Choice and SAG to  Viola Davis  but then scored the upset after winning the BAFTA and then the Oscar. Chastain, 35, has been hugely successful this ", 'firecracker maid Minny, she still considers the cast of the much-awarded film her family. She said she texts or talks with  Viola Davis , Emma Stone, Bryce Dallas Howard, Jessica Chastain, and the rest of the stars "every other day." "We\'re all ', "and promo effort s. Henson made a big stink about it - as well she should. Some fans are wondering why someone like  Viola Davis  isn't playing Nina Simone. Mary J. Blige was originally cast as Nina Simone, but dropped out due to scheduling, per ", 'drop out because of scheduling conflicts, Mort told Entertainment Weekly in August. Some people have suggested that  Viola Davis  from "The Help," or Kimberly Elise from Tyler Perry\'s "For Colored Girls," would have more closely resembled ', 'The Vow Justin Timberlake, In Time Choice Movie Actress: Drama Sandra Bullock, Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close  Viola Davis , The Help Scarlett Johansson, We Bought a Zoo Rachel McAdams, The Vow Emma Stone, The Help Choice Movie: Comedy ', 'her baby bump as a guest of Newsweek and the Daily Beast. The actress is reportedly pregnant with her third child.  Viola Davis  , who was nominated for an Oscar for her role in "The Help," will share a table with Witherspoon along with J.R ', 'her baby bump as a guest of Newsweek and the Daily Beast. The actress is reportedly pregnant with her third child.  Viola Davis  , who was nominated for an Oscar for her role in "The Help," will share a table with Witherspoon along with J.R ', "Oscars red carpet - Angelina Jolie, Michelle Williams and  Viola Davis . And what's more, there was affordable jewelry to 95 brooch and $75 necklace, both from RJ Graziano.  Viola Davis  in Vera Wang The Best Actress nominee was best-dressed ", "Oscars red carpet - Angelina Jolie, Michelle Williams and  Viola Davis . And what's more, there was affordable jewelry to 95 brooch and $75 necklace, both from RJ Graziano.  Viola Davis  in Vera Wang The Best Actress nominee was best-dressed ", 'success of "Bridesmaids" is a sign that it is changing." Perhaps that\'s why Spencer and her "Help" co-star  Viola Davis , who lost the best actress award to Meryl Streep , have expressed their desire to begin producing. "I don\'t have ', 'I see myself just as a link in the chain," she said of the movie\'s cast, which also included fellow nominees  Viola Davis  and Jessica Chastain. "You never see yourself as the forefront. I hope I never start seeing myself as the forefront ', "selling novel to help. It stars  Viola Davis  in one of the best performances about it. Let's take a look at  Viola Davis  playing the made a belief in 1960s second. So you just walk around  Viola Davis  pre cool. He. Peter I wish I ", "The movie version of the best selling novel to help. It stars Viola Davis in one of the best performances of the already illustrious career so before violet gets here it tells us about it. Let's take a look at Viola Davis playing the made a belief in 1960s. Mississippi. In the -- I'm no good and babies being stopped crying -- told people ", 'for expenses before that you had second. So you just walk around Viola Davis pre cool. He. Peter I wish I could. You walk around saying one that people could define media. All went out and ', "think it's any of your business. It's electric.  Viola davis  joins us now. Welcome back. Thank you for having me can be beautiful and frightening. Just the beginning.  Viola davis . Thank you for coming back.", "just -- I don't think it's any of your business. It's electric. Viola davis joins us now. Welcome back. Thank you for having me. You were forbid on the read the book. You cheated? Did. That's ", "1/2. She's talking. It can be beautiful and frightening. Just the beginning. Viola davis . Thank you for coming back. ", 'We are equally excited to welcome  Viola Davis  here to Times Square do you member of heartfelt tribute years ago at the sag awards take a look again. gifted to  Viola Davis  might. Yeah I know waving her award saying that things ', 'We are equally excited to welcome Viola Davis here to Times Square do you member of -- -- heartfelt tribute to her. Doubt costar few years ago at the sag awards take a look again. -- gifted to Viola Davis might. Yeah I know -- -- waving -- her award saying that things are heard tremendous performance and the help she won ', "Washington in 2009 Oscar nominee  Viola Davis  are teaming up to star on Broadway Twenty years later with co star  Viola Davis  is his wife rose we'll try to fences starring Denzel Washington  Viola Davis  is playing on Broadway through ", "white way. Two time Oscar winner Denzel Washington in 2009 Oscar nominee Viola Davis are teaming up to star on Broadway in August Wilson's Pulitzer Prize winning play. Fences it took a quick break from -- ", "play and Pulitzer for best drama. Twenty years later with co star Viola Davis is his wife rose -- we'll try to recreate that magic. -- we want to final. Okay don't -- my way silence ", 'for -- campaign -- thank you. What eighteen fences starring Denzel Washington Viola Davis is playing on Broadway through July 11 you get information on it it abcnews.com. ', 'she donned in "les miz" was the best all time. She\'s not the only one to go short. Emma watson. Halle berry,  viola davis  make it look powerful and gorgeous. Reporter: Chris mcmillan famous for creating rachel back IN THE \'90s ON JENNIFER ', "She's not the only one to go short. Emma watson. Halle berry, viola davis make it look powerful and gorgeous. Reporter: Chris mcmillan famous for creating rachel back IN THE '90s ON JENNIFER ANISTON Say many ", "morning are so talented. Everyone asks me, did you give them advice? No. I learn from them. They're gifted. We had  viola davis  on. It opens thursday. Valentine's day. Best of luck. Thursday, theaters nationwide. Do not miss it.", "give them advice? No. I learn from them. They're gifted. We had viola davis on. It opens thursday. Valentine's day. Best of luck. Thursday, theaters nationwide. Do not miss it. "]