['cancer. Read more here .  Willow Smith \'s New "Summer Fling dating, or so it seems from  Willow Smith \'s new video, "Summer of "Fresh Prince" star  Will Smith  and actress  Jada Pinkett Smith  released her new video to ', "business, and  Will Smith  and his son MORE:  Jada Pinkett Smith 's Message WATCH:  Will Smith  Teaches Jaden addition to  Jaden ,  Smith  has a daughter,  Willow , with his wife, actress  Jada Pinkett Smith . Smith also ", 'Jenner ("Me and Hailey met at [the] \'Hunger Games\' [premiere] ," Jenner said on Keek) and hit Nobu with pal  Willow Smith . And, of course, she\'s close with her first cousin, Ireland Baldwin. 2. She\'s A Burgeoning Fashion Designer ', "Images Doesn't look like  Jaden Smith  will be separating from and his famous father,  Will Smith  , set the record straight with Kylie Jenner Father  Will Smith  joined in the laughs began swirling after  Will Smith  was quoted in the U ", 'Jada Pinkett Smith  made headlines the wife of actor  Will Smith , said today on world." WATCH:  Jada Pinkett Smith  Defends Bieber spotlight - daughter,  Willow , 12, had a pop referring to  Willow \'s recent decision ', 'most of all my daughter."  Willow Smith Will Smith \'s rapping days may be behind daughter is just getting started.  Willow Smith  scored herself a hit in 2010 with it wasn\'t a real piercing.)  Willow  also has real projects in the ', "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt's Acting Debut, Plus 7 More Celeb Kids Mimicking Their Parents", 'most of all my daughter."  Willow Smith Will Smith \'s rapping days may be behind daughter is just getting started.  Willow Smith  scored herself a hit in 2010 with it wasn\'t a real piercing.)  Willow  also has real projects in the ', 'most of all my daughter."  Willow Smith Will Smith \'s rapping days may be behind daughter is just getting started.  Willow Smith  scored herself a hit in 2010 with it wasn\'t a real piercing.)  Willow  also has real projects in the ', "make it in show biz. Will and  Willow Smith Will Smith 's rapping days may be behind daughter is just getting started.  Willow Smith  scored herself a hit in 2010 with it wasn't a real piercing.)  Willow  also has real projects in the ", 'Rumer Willis, who was featured in her mom\'s 1996 film "Striptease." Actor  Will Smith  and his actress wife,  Jada Pinkett Smith , are the parents of  Willow , who is making her mark in the music business as a singer. Their actor son, Jaden ', "pair are now engaged.  Will Smith  and  Jada Pinkett Smith  Before she became  Will Smith 's real-life partner,  Jada Pinkett Smith  auditioned to be his girlfriend two children, Jaden and  Willow , who are following in ", "pair are now engaged.  Will Smith  and  Jada Pinkett Smith  Before she became  Will Smith 's real-life partner,  Jada Pinkett Smith  auditioned to be his girlfriend two children, Jaden and  Willow , who are following in ", 'Slaves" beneath a brown blazer, actress  Jada Pinkett Smith  testified before Congress today to draw interested in the issue after her daughter,  Willow , brought to her attention the Kony Capitol Hill by her husband, actor  Will Smith  , and their daughter. She also brought ', "what about that choice Ferrari. What every one year old needs. In other celebrity kids news Will and  Jada Pinkett Smith 's daughter  willow  is about the lives. Every little girl's fantasy at least mine lies she's going to star in the upcoming ", "one year old needs. In other celebrity kids news -- Will and Jada Pinkett Smith's daughter willow is about the lives. Every little girl's fantasy at least mine lies she's going to star in the upcoming remake of Annie ", 'What is in a name? Ask the smiths. 15-year old  jaden smith  became the "the karate kid" in no time after pairing famous dad in "the pursuit of happyness." Daughter  willow smith  is no slouch either with the top five hit on her resume ', 'attention. Reporter: What is in a name? Ask the smiths. 15-year old jaden smith became the "the karate kid" in no time after pairing with his famous dad in "the pursuit of happyness." Daughter willow smith is no slouch either with the top five hit on her resume. Reporter: Ashley hamilton, son of the legendary bronzed actor george ', "movie blockbusters. Like  Will Smith . When it comes to the box brought a surprise. And  Will Smith  is Hollywood's most banned successful work. Actress  Jada Pinkett Smith  they have two children  willow  and Jason. You said now ", "back. No one has ever created a string of movie blockbusters. Like Will Smith . When it comes to the box on wheels. Has super power. Each of his last eight movies pleasurable 100 million dollars. Science fiction romantic comedy is not -- -- I -- brought a surprise. And Will Smith is Hollywood's most banned from post guy. And his films to date have earned worldwide. More than five billion dollars. What do ", "Hollywood report that super couple  will Smith  and  Jada Pinkett Smith  had separated. In touch weekly touch weekly. That cheat and  Will Smith  have been living apart for two children in thirteen and  willow  who's ten. We softened yesterday ", 'This story now that rocked Hollywood report that super couple will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith had separated. In touch weekly report the news exclusively. And senior editor -- captured George V cast a series. Is here to ', "often on both of these programs downloaded from And I think it would super sweet snapshot  Jada Pinkett Smith  just read and it. It's natural little girl  willow  I'm taking this news on dad's lap the eleven year old lights out on a flights. Jada ", "from -- -- And I think it would -- super sweet snapshot Jada Pinkett Smith just read and it. It's natural little girl willow I'm taking this news on dad's lap the eleven year old lights out on a -- flights. Jada who was raised by ", "busy as a united and delta Evers is here is television show  willow  with the our whip my hair and her music and didn't. With it exciting exit exactly what do you do you bring up also  willow  and I her weren't you any that we make Diana within the ", "a united and delta -- -- Evers is here is television show willow with the our whip my hair and her music and didn't. With the Karate Kid. You know my oldest son Trey and ", "it exciting exit exactly what do you do you bring up also willow and I -- her weren't you any that we make -- Diana within the -- -- -- -- and the image office "]