['military families in Kansas, Texas, Idaho and Indiana. From \' Patch Adams \' to \'Damaged Care\' The medical world started taking note has taken the issue to heart. The Robin Williams movie " Patch Adams ," highlighted the approach of Dr. Hunter Adams, who made ', 'Rep. Dennis Kucinich receives the endorsement of  Dr .  Patch Adams , D.C. 6:45 pm: Sen. John Edwards hosts a town Kucinich receives an endorsement from activist and  Dr .  Patch Adams  in Washington, D.C. today. Ambassador Moseley ', 'a time. The hirsute comic tired of all the feel-good,  Patch Adams  roles tries for the third time this year to achieve bad-guy the 1991 bomb Shakes the Clown. While critics made fun of  Patch Adams , branding Williams an unabashed schmaltz-aholic, it was ', 'for Coco came from a producer for Fox\'s COPS TV show. GOOD CLOWN: Dr. Hunter " Patch "  Adams  The doctor portrayed by Robin Williams in 1998\'s  Patch Adams  is sending 30,000 pounds of donated medical gear to Kabul, Afghanistan, along with ', 'Pictures is interested in Phenomenon helmer Jon Turteltaub but also states that Stiller would like to reunite with his Meet the Parents director, Jay Roach, and has also mentioned Tom Shadyac ( Patch Adams ) and Todd Phillips (Road Trip).', 'Pictures is interested in Phenomenon helmer Jon Turteltaub but also states that Stiller would like to reunite with his Meet the Parents director, Jay Roach, and has also mentioned Tom Shadyac ( Patch Adams ) and Todd Phillips (Road Trip).', 'Pictures is interested in Phenomenon helmer Jon Turteltaub but also states that Stiller would like to reunite with his Meet the Parents director, Jay Roach, and has also mentioned Tom Shadyac ( Patch Adams ) and Todd Phillips (Road Trip).', 'Pictures is interested in Phenomenon helmer Jon Turteltaub but also states that Stiller would like to reunite with his Meet the Parents director, Jay Roach, and has also mentioned Tom Shadyac ( Patch Adams ) and Todd Phillips (Road Trip).', 'sweetheart. Cast Away became the biggest movie debut for a Christmas weekend, surpassing the $25.3 million that Robin Williams  Patch Adams  grossed in 1998. It was Hanks second-best opening, just $500,000 behind Saving Private Ryan. Studio executives said ', 'was less than thrilled about filming love scenes with the much older, much more conservative Costner. Costner will instead star as a heartbroken doctor in Dragonfly, a big-budget drama to be helmed by  Patch Adams  director Tom Shadyac.', 'was less than thrilled about filming love scenes with the much older, much more conservative Costner. Costner will instead star as a heartbroken doctor in Dragonfly, a big-budget drama to be helmed by  Patch Adams  director Tom Shadyac.', 'was less than thrilled about filming love scenes with the much older, much more conservative Costner. Costner will instead star as a heartbroken doctor in Dragonfly, a big-budget drama to be helmed by  Patch Adams  director Tom Shadyac.']