['With purchase of drug legal at licensed dispensaries, Beverly Hills women start Cannabis Club.', "his nickel to meet with a sick kid. That's the kind of guy he was. Reporter: Monteith, we now know, died of a  drug overdose . but McIlroy says he wasn't hanging with a bad crowd. But old friends he acted with years ago. He wanted to sigh ", "of guy he was. Reporter: Monteith, we now know, died of a drug overdose . but McIlroy says he wasn't hanging with a bad crowd. But old friends he acted with years ago. He wanted to sigh ", 'investigators immediately turned their attention to a possible  drug overdose . From what witnesses found, he was alone in the room troubled past, growing up in canada where he started using  drugs  at 13, changed schools 16 times before dropping out ', "signs of foul play, investigators immediately turned their attention to a possible drug overdose . From what witnesses found, he was alone in the room at that time. Here at the hotel there are flowers and notes left by fans. An autopsy won't reveal a cause of death until lab tests can be done. He had always been candid about his troubled past, growing up in canada where he started using drugs at 13, changed schools 16 times before dropping out while battling serious addiction problems. You see this young all american quarterback looking ", "And quarterly report Kelly's mother Kelley's uncle both told investigators the rapper did have an extensive history of  drug  there will be a full. Toxicology out and about three four week. did you know Jermaine Dupree them. Rapper who apparently is ", 'uncle both told investigators the rapper did have an extensive history of drug there will be a full. Toxicology out and about three -- four week. -- did you know Jermaine Dupree -- them. Rapper ', 'around concerts OK and Alice C. Etiquette you whereas other other threats here. Officials at Quincy valley hospitals say the  drug  took the life of one western Washington man. And nearly killed 105 others this weekend all of them between the ages of eighteen ', 'whereas other other threats here. Officials at Quincy valley hospitals say the drug -- took the life of one western Washington man. And nearly killed 105 others this weekend all of them between the ages ', 'this weekend, from the very  drugs  he had been battling for so in his hotel room, that an  overdose  was likely to blame. The coroner 31-year-old actor died of a mixed  drug  toxicity involving heroin and gritty kid who started using  drugs  at 13. Dropped out of school soon-to-be released film playing a  drug  addict. Late tuesday, lea ', "cory monteith died in his hotel here this weekend, from the very drugs he had been battling for so much of his adult life. Investigators say it was clear the moment cory monteith's body was found, unresponsive and alone in his hotel room, that an overdose was likely to blame. The coroner says the 31-year-old actor died of a mixed drug toxicity involving heroin and alcohol. Absolutely nothing at this point, no evidence suggests this is anything other than the most sad and ", "And in Blaine Minnesota massive  drug overdose  among college students on spring break has killed one student Authorities believe they ingested was thought to be the designer  drug  He and illegal hallucinogenic. Apparently they've they've ", "And in Blaine Minnesota -- massive drug overdose among college students on spring break has killed one student and left ten others hospitalized. Authorities believe they ingested was thought to be the designer drug -- He and illegal hallucinogenic. Apparently they've they've knocked him out or something and then -- waited. A long time He wasn't ", 'really shocking story. Women dying of prescription  drug overdose  and cervical cancer. The cdc says more women are overdosing woman is admitted to the e.R. For prescription pill  overdose  every three minutes. And the number of deaths from ', 'you, guys. This is a really shocking story. Women dying of prescription drug overdose and cervical cancer. The cdc says more women are overdosing on prescription pills than ever before. And the problem is just getting ', 'report revealed a woman is admitted to the e.R. For prescription pill overdose every three minutes. And the number of deaths from prescription pill overdoses jumped 400% between 1999 and 2010. Nicki got help before ', "later, otash got a call saying that marilyn was dead. Reporter: Monroe's death was ruled a probable suicide from a  drug overdose . In his notes he said I listened to marilyn monroe die. He didn't elaborate and kennedy has never been implicated ", "was dead. Reporter: Monroe's death was ruled a probable suicide from a drug overdose . In his notes he said I listened to marilyn monroe die. He didn't elaborate and kennedy has never been implicated or accused ", "accused me of the late singer Amy Winehouse. Who was hospitalized now and on life support due to an organ failure and presumed  overdose . He's had a long battle with heroin addiction. Get a replacement medically induced coma he's partly on life support after ", "and on life support due to an organ failure and -- presumed overdose . He's had a long battle with heroin addiction. Get a replacement medically induced coma he's partly on life support after suffering multiple ", 'close friends are disputing reports that He died of  drug overdose  there insisting He was fine and had several projects Feldman. But Wednesday morning He died of an apparent  drug overdose  after being rushed Saint Joseph hospital in Burbank ', 'and his close friends are disputing reports that He died of -- drug overdose there insisting He was fine and had several projects in the works. But as Dan Harris reports -- had been struggling with ', "close friend Corey Feldman. But Wednesday morning He died of an apparent drug overdose after being rushed -- Saint Joseph hospital in Burbank California. -- -- -- -- had been staying at his mother's home in ", "There's no murdered he says the three year old died of  drug overdose . She overdosed in her sleep. As he went before a judge physical trauma on her body. Detectives found evidence of  drug  use and interviewed witnesses who said she appeared to ", "no murdered he says the -- three year old died of -- drug overdose . She overdosed in her sleep. As he went before a judge relatives came to his defense and ice and you don't know ", "been hospitalized because this battle with  drugs  continued. In fact it looks like He has had an apparent  overdose . He's now is still were battling a cocaine case but. He hospital right now apparent  overdose . Four Jeff Conway.", "rehab. But doctor drew -- he's been hospitalized because this battle with drugs continued. In fact it looks like He has had an apparent overdose . He's now is still were -- -- battling a cocaine painkillers alcohol. We are hearing reports is actually taken to the hospital unconscious we don't know that isn't true or not and we certainly hope that that's not the case but. He -- -- hospital right now apparent overdose . Four Jeff Conway. ", "Larry King but we've heard a couple weeks about his wife and her accidental  overdose  we're getting new information on that and it sounds like. If these reports are it wasn't accidental at all. A suicide attempt ", "we've heard a couple weeks -- about his wife and her accidental overdose we're getting new information on that and it sounds like. If these reports are -- it wasn't accidental at all. A suicide ", 'Breaking news from Los Angeles where eighties teen heartthrob Corey has died from an apparent  overdose . The 38 year old was rushed to a Burbank hospital overnight. After starring in lost boys and license to drive struggled with ', 'Angeles where eighties teen heartthrob Corey -- has died from an apparent overdose . The 38 year old was rushed to a Burbank hospital overnight. After starring in lost boys and license to drive -- struggled ', "age of I think. Sixteen right. Hospitalized rushed to the hospital. After paramedics responded to a call for a possible  overdose . And sources basically after telling site TMC that the hotel she was at a hotel Revere beach Florida and her dad. Says she's ", 'to the hospital. After paramedics responded to a call for a possible overdose . And sources basically after telling -- site TMC that the hotel she was at a hotel -- Revere beach Florida and her ', 'morning after what police are calling a suicide attempt. titled 2005 autobiography life is not a fairy tale. And with her  overdose  this week that title remains true true for the 26 year old son. The winner. American Idol 2000 full is fantasia. It was ', '-- 2005 autobiography life is not a fairy tale. And with her overdose this week that title remains -- true true for the 26 year old son. The winner. -- American Idol 2000 full -- ', 'The family of Derek Bogart the former NHL tough guy who died of a  drug overdose  is taking the lead to court over his death. A lawyer for the said the NHL should be held responsible for the physical trauma he ', 'of Derek Bogart the former NHL tough guy who died of a drug overdose is taking the lead to court over his death. A lawyer for the -- said the NHL should be held responsible for ', "The little white didn't come from a  drug  dealers but from a mother's medicine cabinet letter alerts parents about the near deadly  drug overdose  at their school. took to make about the anti  drug  experts say every parent needs to take a ", "The little white -- didn't come from a drug dealers but from a mother's medicine cabinet. Police say a boy stole the pills and handed them out like candy to three other kids at this Hillsborough middle school. Well a letter alerts parents about the near deadly drug overdose at their school. -- took to make -- about the anti drug experts say every parent needs to take a look inside their medicine cabinet. This simplest thing you've got -- -- pluck communications. Period and go through your prescriptions to see if -- things you're not taking any more dispose of -- with the things you still want lock them up. Prescription drug abuse those who -- local crisis lines -- no it's quickly becoming the second most abuse drug after alcohol. It used to be parents and only think about locking up their liquor cabinet. And now they need to take "]