['rife in cycling in the late 1990s, before a test for the  drug  had been developed. Pantani was suspended in 1999 from investigations. He died in 2004 at 34 of an accidental  drug overdose . Ullrich has admitted to blood doping and last year was ', 'to properly investigate Dr. Conrad Murray, who was later convicted of involuntary manslaughter for giving the singer an  overdose  of the anesthetic propofol. AEG defense attorney Marvin S. Putnam told jurors during opening statements in the negligence of my son," she asked Putnam. The attorney also asked her about conversations she had with her son about prescription  drug  use. She said she asked him about it when he lived in Las Vegas and he denied he was abusing prescription medications ', 'sober. They\'re not using the  drug  anymore, so they\'re all better addict isn\'t actively using  drugs , that person still has the predisposition, but in many cases,  drug  use permanently damages the as the "gold standard" in  drug  addiction care, but because ', 'Cory Monteith died of mixed  drug  toxicity involving heroin and alcohol, the British Columbia Coroners Cory Monteith\'s Death: Authorities Investigate Possibility of  Drug Overdose  "We are so saddened to confirm that the reports on the death of ', "foul play and are looking into the possibility of a  drug overdose  , investigators told ABC News. An autopsy is being Coroner's Office. Authorities Investigate Possibility of  Drug Overdose  in Cory Monteith's Death Monteith was cast on the ", 'FilmMagic) Officials are looking into the possibility of a  drug overdose  in the death of "Glee" star Cory Monteith, who was understand his state of mind at the time of his death. A  drug overdose  was an early area of interest based on Monteith\'s ', "and an anti-inflammatory  drug  on Oct.16, 2009, according suffering from a multidrug  overdose , according to the report Burns' body from absorbing the  drugs , but it never happened, according concluded it's possible that the  drugs  resulted in the unresponsive according to the HHS document.  Drug  overdoses can mimic brain death ", "Chris Kelly of Kriss Kross Died of  Overdose  Chris Kelly, star of the 1990's teen rap duo Kris Kross died of a  drug overdose  from a combination of substances Authorities would not specify the  drugs  found in a toxicology screening ", 'die from prescription pill  overdose . Credit: Toby Talbot/AP a new national survey on  drug  use and health from the Centers the impact of prescription  drugs  on smaller doses, said Foster Bill Aims to Curb Prescription  Drug  Abuse Foster also said that  drug  marketing is frequently aimed ', 'contained acetaminophen. (Credit: Food and  Drug  Administration) A nationwide baby aspirin Hospital in New York who does research in  drug -induced liver injury. He said overdosing the United States, patients usually  overdose  on acetaminophen by accident because contains it. "It\'s not an uncommon  overdose ," said Dr. Corey Slovis, who heads ', "homies , we've all seen what  drugs  can do to us. Apparently neighborhood have been locked up for  drug  crimes, even his own son Hart that was featured in the  drug  war documentary The House I the veterinary de-worming  drug  Levamisole, for example lot more likely to lead to an  overdose  when mixed with other  drugs", 'was also sentenced to 2.5 to 5 years in prison for the 2009  overdose  death of a female patient. Gosnell was accused of performing clinic run by Gosnell has been described as a "pill mill" for  drug  addicts by day, and an "abortion mill" by night. When Gosnell agents raided his clinic looking for evidence of prescription  drug  dealing. Instead they found, as reported in a nearly 300 ', 'Reporter: Cheryl needed an escape. She tried prescription  drugs . But popping prozac to get up and xanax to come down that more women in america are dying of prescription  drug overdose  than anything else, than anyone else. So, these moms ', 'a headline recently, that more women in america are dying of prescription drug overdose than anything else, than anyone else. So, these moms maintain that marijuana use, responsibly, is a safer alternative. We should point out, ', "his nickel to meet with a sick kid. That's the kind of guy he was. Reporter: Monteith, we now know, died of a  drug overdose . but McIlroy says he wasn't hanging with a bad crowd. But old friends he acted with years ago. He wanted to sigh ", "of guy he was. Reporter: Monteith, we now know, died of a drug overdose . but McIlroy says he wasn't hanging with a bad crowd. But old friends he acted with years ago. He wanted to sigh ", 'investigators immediately turned their attention to a possible  drug overdose . From what witnesses found, he was alone in the room troubled past, growing up in canada where he started using  drugs  at 13, changed schools 16 times before dropping out ', "signs of foul play, investigators immediately turned their attention to a possible drug overdose . From what witnesses found, he was alone in the room at that time. Here at the hotel there are flowers and notes left by fans. An autopsy won't reveal a cause of death until lab tests can be done. He had always been candid about his troubled past, growing up in canada where he started using drugs at 13, changed schools 16 times before dropping out while battling serious addiction problems. You see this young all american quarterback looking ", "And quarterly report Kelly's mother Kelley's uncle both told investigators the rapper did have an extensive history of  drug  there will be a full. Toxicology out and about three four week. did you know Jermaine Dupree them. Rapper who apparently is ", 'uncle both told investigators the rapper did have an extensive history of drug there will be a full. Toxicology out and about three -- four week. -- did you know Jermaine Dupree -- them. Rapper ', 'around concerts OK and Alice C. Etiquette you whereas other other threats here. Officials at Quincy valley hospitals say the  drug  took the life of one western Washington man. And nearly killed 105 others this weekend all of them between the ages of eighteen ', 'whereas other other threats here. Officials at Quincy valley hospitals say the drug -- took the life of one western Washington man. And nearly killed 105 others this weekend all of them between the ages ', 'this weekend, from the very  drugs  he had been battling for so in his hotel room, that an  overdose  was likely to blame. The coroner 31-year-old actor died of a mixed  drug  toxicity involving heroin and gritty kid who started using  drugs  at 13. Dropped out of school soon-to-be released film playing a  drug  addict. Late tuesday, lea ', "cory monteith died in his hotel here this weekend, from the very drugs he had been battling for so much of his adult life. Investigators say it was clear the moment cory monteith's body was found, unresponsive and alone in his hotel room, that an overdose was likely to blame. The coroner says the 31-year-old actor died of a mixed drug toxicity involving heroin and alcohol. Absolutely nothing at this point, no evidence suggests this is anything other than the most sad and "]