['While promoting "Red 2," Bruce Willis gives strange answers during an interview.', 'Both. Life mastered the best way to explain it. And am in my personal life I did have  eating disorders  when I was younger but even before my  eating disorders . On I was diagnosed with the skin disease called which is actually an autoimmune disease ', 'to explain it. And am in my personal life I did have eating disorders when I was younger but even before my eating disorders . On I was diagnosed with the skin disease called -- -- which is actually an autoimmune disease when I was four. And ', "so good to  eating disorders  we know about  anorexia  and believe category we have  binge eating  disorder threshold  anorexia nervosa  we'll actually someone with  anorexia nervosa  would typically full blown  anorexia  or up. I well. With  binge eating  disorder for all of  eating disorders  but we're ", "to hear it but there isn't eating disorder diagnosed more often than anorexia or believe media. Experts call -- eating disorder not otherwise specified. And the category includes such problems as binge eating and purging disorders. To learn more about it we turned ABC news chief medical editor doctor Tim Johnson after -- Thank you Tonya and joining us to talk about this eating disorder that most of us have not heard about is doctor Cynthia Buick. Who is director of the university of north Carolina's eating disorders program. And author of the book crave why you binge eat and how to stop she joins us today from Chapel Hill, North Carolina welcome to the program. Thanks very much. And I'm six say that this sounds a little bit like what we sometimes call the wastebasket diagnosis. Where you put something when you can't figure out what else to call it. How is it defined more precisely and especially how was it different from anorexia and millenium. Well I think you nailed it so good to eating disorders we know about -- anorexia and believe -- -- equinox is basically an umbrella category that includes everything that isn't anorexia or Bellini and so. In that category we have binge eating disorder which is binge -- in the absence of compensatory behaviors. We have -- disorder which is purging in the absence of binge eating . And we have -- some threshold presentations of anorexia and we emea. So may -- -- person doesn't meet all of the diagnostic criteria but they're just right below the radar ", "-- to break it down into different groups so we know with anorexia it's primarily but not exclusively women. And with the lenient nervosa as well. With binge eating disorder which is under that and not some -- please see a much more equal gender distribution. And in fact for all of -- eating disorders but we're seeing is these are disorders of white teenage and young adult girls we're seeing them across the age spectrum and ", "kate moss, whose waifish physique inspired criticism, is firing back against her critics. It was horrible, especially the  anorexic  thing, moss said. To be held responsible for somebody else's illness. Kate moss hit the fashion scene 20 years ago, in ", "criticism, is firing back against her critics. It was horrible, especially the anorexic thing, moss said. To be held responsible for somebody else's illness. Kate moss hit the fashion scene 20 years ago, in ads ", "When  eating disorders  mentioned perhaps  anorexia  out or believe suffered from  binge eating  disorder anybody Bellini  anorexia  doesn't shouldn't do  anorexic  women type specialize in  binge eating  disorder journal of  eating disorders  it shows when you see  anorexia  you know ", 'When -- -- eating disorders mentioned perhaps anorexia out or believe me are what first come to mind. But new research shows that beans eating disorder or -- is just as common and get this almost as many men suffer from it as women. But men seem to be overlooked in studies about this disorder Ron -- and suffered from binge eating disorder and wrote the good ear about his experience. He joins us now to talk about his story. Hi there Ron thanks so much for joining us. Thanks for having me on so Ron tell us about your personal story how can the binge eating star for you. For me -- you grew up in a household that was a pressure cooker the -- corporal punishment and ', "therapy I mean appointment with the -- a therapist who specialize in binge eating disorder because I can afford to go wherever -- want to go. I showed up in and the sport coat and tie and a clipboard in a day timer because when I was in -- waiting room I want people looking means that you're crazy. I want them to think it was a calling -- colleague. And of course -- -- when I went in and hence seeing a therapist was was a wonderful thing. I want to ask you a lot about -- study in the international journal of eating disorders it shows that binge eating disorder occurs. At similar rates among men and women are you at all surprised by that. I think with binge eating disorder. Com. It's something that you know when you when you see anorexia you know when you see it and -- Jim -- you know when you're doing it. But the -- binge eating disorder. You know you can keep yourself and tell yourself that it is just it's just gluttony overeating and I certainly told myself for fifteen years all -- -- do was be strong. To get over it and just man up and of course that's not the case and. Also Ron so I think -- We're out of time -- final words of advice for someone else who might be struggling with what -- -- west. It -- please Begin your journey get help now there's wonderful organizations out there that didn't exist when I was going -- -- organization called vita. Binge eating disorder association -- specialize in people like us. Would be dean is also an organization called media nationally disorder association you can ", '23-year-old dark and lovely model opens up to "gma" about the ugly side of the beauty industry. Girls get into drugs. And  anorexia . A whole list of things. It\'s a lot of pressure to be perfect. Reporter: Have you felt that pressure, too? Oh, yeah ', "the ugly side of the beauty industry. Girls get into drugs. And anorexia . A whole list of things. It's a lot of pressure to be perfect. Reporter: Have you felt that pressure, too? Oh, yeah. ", 'sites promote  anorexia  and believe India specializes in  eating disorders  joining us by people. To stay  anorexic  or stable to Indonesia. Yes  eating disorders  recovery group to. Stacy.  Anorexic  in new ways to ', "of pro eating disorder web sites aimed at adolescents. The sites promote anorexia and believe India as a lifestyle choice not an -- disorder. They get advice on how to lose weight how to -- once selves and on methods on of of avoiding detection by parents. A new study appearing in this month's issue of pediatrics. Sheds light on their popularity with teens to better understand these findings. His doctor Richard has a cough a psychiatrist from Baylor College of Medicine which specializes in eating disorders joining us by phone. Welcome doctor. Good morning. Well first well what is a pro eating disorder website I have to be honest I didn't even know what you're talking about. Well it's a web site that encourages people. To stay anorexic or -- stable -- to continue to lose far too much weight that is healthy Courtney. Eat too much and then just ", 'disordered patients and then you have that kind Indonesia. Yes -- -- eating disorders recovery group. But underneath that that thin layer. What you have is a web site. Really teaches you new ways to. Stacy. Anorexic -- in new ways to purge new ways to guide to go undetected. Cherry I have actually two different kinds of quote ', 'lives. The more familiar illnesses are  anorexia  and believe me but the survey finds that three to five times more common than  anorexia  or What are the signs have been eating others the average person struggled with  binge eating  for more than eight year. Bringing extra ', 'problem at some point in their lives. The more familiar illnesses are anorexia and believe me but the survey finds that the most common eating disorder is actually binge -- 2% of men and more than 3% of women say they have been binge eaters at one time. This is roughly three to five times more common than anorexia or -- What are the signs have been eating well binge -- frequently consumed large amounts of food in very short amounts of time. They often feel guilty after -- and they will take steps to hide -- eating from others the average person struggled with binge eating for more than eight year. Bringing extra weight and extra help -- Researchers hope that now that convening is known to be ', 'of their battle with  anorexia . More than twenty studying twins with  eating disorders  increasingly believe risk for developing  anorexia . Is determined by study on genetics and  eating disorders . Run by the national ', 'Jennifer leads a normal healthy life so how could both twins develop. Eating disorders . The answer lie in the genes they share. When we look at the -- if in accordance between twins. For about -- ', "-- wall Meyer recently documented the devastating effects of their battle with anorexia . More than twenty years. Experts studying twins with eating disorders increasingly believe these illnesses are biologically. Based. One recent study concluded that more than half a person's risk for developing anorexia . Is determined by their -- And just like -- had. Had enough and didn't know the parish twins are participating in a new international study on genetics and eating disorders . Run by the national institute of mental -- The short term goal. Is that we would like to understand American history -- ", "revisited rethinking  anorexia nervosa  and its treatment disease we talk about  anorexia  you start by telling diet is that we  eating disorders . There's a sense certain point. But in  anorexia  or an  eating disorders  is that sense of ", "out for. We're joined by doctor Maria brought opera skinny revisited rethinking anorexia nervosa and its treatment doctor brought thanks for being here and welcome. Obviously it is a time of year what we start to watch our diet perhaps more closely for this summer's undressed. We're talking about a serious disease we talk about anorexia -- you start by telling us what to look out for when it comes to the more serious disease. Anorexia isn't extreme form of self loathing. Women all have issues with their bodies but anorexia takes it to an extreme. The things -- look for regarding anorexia are very very low body weight extremely skinny. A an obsession with food limiting food how -- I sense of not eating. And off. And not understanding that it's not enough food. An obsession with body image feeling you're not skinny enough and basically missing three periods and now. And what is disordered eating is that something that can lead to anorexia . Disordered eating is when guiding gets taken again to an extreme. When one limits the amount of food that they eat to the point of not being able to function not being able to realize that what you're eating is way too little to function and to. Be able to cope with this justice of the day. Basically the concerns you have with an eating disorder -- regular diet -- is that we eating disorders . There's a sense of being obsessed with being skinny. -- is just trying to get to either healthy items set point or ", "serious disorder. 11 diets to default to the point of extremists and anorexia -- in an eating disorder. That person will be hungry and not realize that there hungry or. To be in denial about their hunger. Basically what we all go on diets from time to time we know at a certain point we're very hungry and we wanna eat anything at a certain point. But in anorexia or an eating disorders is that sense of being obsessed with having to be as skinny as He could possibly be. Which is on the point of my book. Skinny revisited and to deny the hunger -- know exactly how difficult is it to sort of spot if you're worried that a friend -- someone you love might be suffering more. On that slippery slope to -- eating disorder is it hard to detect. It's. Again I with clinical intervention you can get a diagnosis of anorexia . Definitively but for the on the layperson. You start paying attention to weird eating what and I'm there isn't extreme on limit ", "individuals can pick your honor. Now when it comes to this serious eating disorders it's not something that someone can figure out on their -- they absolutely do. Need professional mental health attention. For family it's ", 'issues in with the  eating disorders . No one of the psychiatrists. About  eating disorders  they also included full spectrum of  anorexia  full spectrum of  binge eating  but had. Some that those with  eating disorders  were more likely ', 'More than half a million teens suffer from eating disorders each year and a new study shows that out of 101000. Teenagers with eating disorders . A large number of those also report other psychiatric problems -- here to tell us more about all of this is doctor ', "they -- it. Identified some some relationships are some explanations -- around eating disorders says some percentage of those kids had eating disorders . What we know in the adult population is that their risk of having an eating disorders that in -- -- -- there's certain things are pretty -- you know one. Percent half of 1%. But it's not been very clear in the adolescent population exactly what those numbers work and another thing they wanted to know was was there an association with. Other mental health issues depression anxiety and suicidal -- Asian and in those kids with the eating disorders . And what did they find that the kids with eating disorders had a larger. Percentage of other psychiatric issues. They did they actually found that it was a little bit different depending on which eating disorder you had in which specific. Psychiatric issue they were discussing that they found that overall they saw higher than expected. Risk. The psychiatric issues in -- -- with the eating disorders . No one of the interesting things that they did -- they did not only include kids who met the very strict definitions of very strict criteria. Of those psychiatrists. About eating disorders they also included kids who didn't. Have the full spectrum of anorexia -- full spectrum of binge eating but had. Some leanings in that direction so in many ways this was a more inclusive. A group of kids but they found that even in the ones who didn't meet the strict criteria they also had an increased. Association with some of these psychiatric issues. Snap the study also noted that those with eating disorders were more likely to abuse drugs is that right did it look at any. Causality. Well it's a great question and unfortunately. Causality isn't something that this is really able to address. There was that association noted but one of the tough things is. We we can say based on the study -- -- eating disorders for example was associated with use alcohol and drugs what you can't say is whether one. Came before the other there was ", 'the adolescents these adolescents between thirteen and eighteen among those that had eating disorders . -- they have higher thoughts of suicide as well. Well they did. Two almost half that kids with certain of the eating disorders . Had thought about. Or had ideas around the notion of suicide now -- smaller percentage I think about a third actually reported ', "web sites. Promoting  eating disorders  are targeting young themselves and a for  anorexia  or meal for bill emea people suffering from  eating disorders  is that they feel like outrageously. Claims we've  anorexia  as a conscious lifestyle ", "troubling new findings tonight about that insidious Internet threat web sites. Promoting eating disorders are targeting young men and women researchers now say they have found 180. Of these sites. And they've also discovered hidden ways fragile teams are recruited here's Lindsey Davis. Visitors city's web sites -- often call themselves and a for anorexia or meal for bill emea. And this is what they look like skinny skeletal even. You can easily surf the web for ", "teens. Often vulnerable teens. One other issues for many people suffering from eating disorders is that they feel like they're in isolation. But. Online they can find a community -- courage is them to think -- One web site outrageously. Claims we've -- anorexia as a conscious lifestyle choice not a disease. Another stunningly claims if you want anything and you have to being control. And is a way of life. Embrace it. And many do look at these two recent posts on YouTube love it helped me out and anyone want -- buddy with me. -- winding up with community that's encouraging and sanctioning very dangerous behaviors. There's a fine line between slender and life threatening anorexia . These harmful web sites are designed to help tip that scale. Lindsey Davis ABC news New York. Again a new report out ", "web sites. Promoting  eating disorders  are targeting young themselves and a for  anorexia  or meal for bill emea people suffering from  eating disorders  is that they feel like outrageously. Claims we've  anorexia  as a conscious lifestyle ", "troubling new findings tonight about that insidious Internet threat web sites. Promoting eating disorders are targeting young men and women researchers now say they have found 180. Of these sites. And they've also discovered hidden ways fragile teams are recruited here's Lindsey Davis. Visitors city's web sites -- often call themselves and a for anorexia or meal for bill emea. And this is what they look like skinny skeletal even. You can easily surf the web for ", "teens. Often vulnerable teens. One other issues for many people suffering from eating disorders is that they feel like they're in isolation. But. Online they can find a community -- courage is them to think -- One web site outrageously. Claims we've -- anorexia as a conscious lifestyle choice not a disease. Another stunningly claims if you want anything and you have to being control. And is a way of life. Embrace it. And many do look at these two recent posts on YouTube love it helped me out and anyone want -- buddy with me. -- winding up with community that's encouraging and sanctioning very dangerous behaviors. There's a fine line between slender and life threatening anorexia . These harmful web sites are designed to help tip that scale. Lindsey Davis ABC news New York. ", "Hours staring and here it doesn't necessarily mean Tuesday and in fact it could mean just the opposite as many as five million Americans who struggle with self loathing. We're seeing monsters when they look in the mirror and they're doing it for hours at a time. Looking Eugene box on several words", 'I the key to  binge eating  is when a person food. So yes  binge eating  often go along developed that of  binge eating  disorder where we might in  anorexia nervosa  or and it you that rates of  eating disorders . In all ethnic ', "risk however what we're seeing. Is an uptick in that rates of eating disorders . In all ethnic minority -- Asian Pacific islander women African American women and Latino and so. Those groups should not be ignored ", 'mean the key to  binge eating  When a person food. So yes  binge eating  often go along developed is that of  binge eating  disorder where we might in  anorexia nervosa  order you know uptick in the of  eating disorders  in all ethnic ', "risk however what we're seeing. Is an uptick in the -- of eating disorders in all ethnic minority -- Asian Pacific islander women African American women and lets you know and so. Those groups should not ", "Kramer's  anorexia  her desperate to think  eating disorders  unit and mind of an  anorexic . I thought members of  anorexic  don't always needs me  anorexia  nearly robbed story about  eating disorders  but it's ", "can't. You can't leave we prefer if you went upstairs to think eating disorders unit and I said no and I -- town in Thompson I think. -- need to stay. Her weight continued to drop to -- low is 74 pounds her very life was in danger. Out of excuses and running out of time Tom decided to walk a mile and -- -- issues He began to starve himself to get inside the mind of an anorexic . I thought she was weak for allowing this to happen it wasn't until. I really don't. That hunger that I realized that. The voices she is hearing and -- decisions that her brain is making for her. Were obviously very powerful. Like Tom Cramer many family members of anorexic don't always understand that their loved one is really suffering from a disease. The mail responses stopped doing that what's the matter with you eat something for -- sake and for women it's much more complex than that this is a real serious disorder. Tom's love helped -- to recover relapse always -- but now He knows what not to do. I've learned enough. Just let her know that I know that she's struggling in. I'm here she needs me anorexia nearly robbed them of their relationship. -- -- together has actually strengthen their mom. Hope to get to the point where have to -- -- at one of these days that she has gain enough weight. -- -- have to -- something -- -- honor but we're not area. But if we get there. I'll call teller. That's that's the deal. A happy ending this is a story about eating disorders but it's also a love story. And the psychologist pointed out that you could cross up the -- anorexia and put in a thousand other problems that families face. And Tom's approach would serve as a blueprints namely when -- stop ", "healthy. After battling  anorexia  for more than two decades losing battle against  anorexia . She is slowly starving checking into the best  eating disorders  treatment facilities there's a problem. And  anorexia  and is the same psychiatric Because 20% of all  anorexic  X die prematurely it's ", 'this morning -- leading her family behind. And checking into the best eating disorders treatment facilities in the country. -- -- The -- and seeing me right. The whole idea of and gaining weight is scary. ', "life after  eating disorders  good morning people with  anorexia  back and risk for  eating disorders  and I'm talking  anorexia  and primarily when we had  eating disorders  we teenagers The words  anorexia  and That's ", "Midlife women are prone to eating disorders in the same way adolescent girls are. Life changes -- outside pressures can cause a loss of identity and -- -- -- often what triggers a disorder in many women. Joining us for insight into this phenomenon is Amy -- often author of gaining the truth -- about life after eating disorders good morning Amy. Good morning. Nice to have you witnessed. Your situation is a little different than we've seen before in the media at least you had an eating disorder earlier in life in your early twenties -- And you -- that -- got some therapy got help and you thought all was good well and then in years in your forties. What happened. Well didn't go back a couple of steps I was in that sort of first wave of people with anorexia back and then sixties and seventies. I recovered without actually getting any help and I thought because I was eating fine in ", 'common this situation is this. Incredibly common among people with histories of eating disorders . For the book I interviewed about forty people who like me had been through eating disorders much earlier in life. And a huge percentage of them had relapsed at least once in -- -- since they thought they ', "last ten years. Have found that approximately 60% of the risk for eating disorders and I'm talking anorexia and -- -- primarily in about 60% of that risk. Is genetic it's in the DNA and that DNA governs. Has a lot to do with how you respond to stress. -- and but it also has to do with your temperament and your personality so for example. People who are pre disposed to anorexia or Bellini at any age tend to be highly perfectionist it. Extremely persistent. In following through to their goals. But also hypersensitive to criticism. And very up with anorexia and particularly. Into in particular some very orderly. And governed by rules a lot whereas with people who tend toward -- They "]