['But what will you say if your son or daughter asks you to be a co-signer, so they can get a credit card? Would you put your credit on the line for that? ', 'College students have always been a prime target for credit card companies. Get them early, the logic goes, and you have a customer for life. So banks gave cards to students who had no way to pay the bills. Not anymore.', 'This will ding your credit score which could result in higher interest rates for new balances on your credit card.', 'Bruce McClary tells parents they should not feel pressured into co-signing. He says you need to consider the risks and decide if your child is ready to handle the responsibility of having a credit card.', 'And remember this: You are on the hookfor that co-signed account until it is paid off and closed. ', 'The girls know the rules. The cards are for emergency purchases only. Any charges must be paid off by the due date. If not, their name will be taken off the account.', ' smart. how teenagers can deal with finances before they head off to school. carmen, good morning. this is the first year where college students cannot get a ', " without proof of a job or having a parent or guardian to cosign. the idea was so they wouldn't amass a lot of debt.", ', but enabling parents to continue to be shackled to their adult grown children until they are 25-plus, i have heard from too many 25-year-olds with full-time jobs not able to get one ', 'and the parents have to continue to cosign. this is a bit drastic, so you have to take measures, plan it out better.', "let's talk about options out there. first of all, it's a secured card, what is that?", ' on the card. you have to prove income. if you have a work study or part-time job this could be the card for you. you build off that money, your cash is on the card. they will extend you ', "yeah. i'm never a fan of cosigning. it's like codependency. but if you cosign on a new card you're both equally responsible for the balance and also for your ", " and score and your wallet if you get footed with the bill. it's good to do that. once you graduate you have to be in it together in terms of closing the card. that's something you want to do to cut the apron strings.", 'if the kid is responsible you have to go to them saying i want to close this but i want your permission which is weird.', 'you can authorize your son or daughter to use your card, an existing card. that sounds dangerous. we did it.', ". if you have a student who's not very responsible handing them plastic isn't very responsible. they know you get the bill. and you have a big ", "here's the thing. that could be a good situation if you have -- talking about limits. in college you're learning about limits to your money. make sure if you get a ", ". there is nothing like going to the register and being denied to teach you something. also, too, it's not going to build ", ' with a limit in term of cash finances there. be careful about budgeting. remember, not just books but meals. is it cafeteria, pizza budget, transportation. there are a lot of expenses that can creep up, especially if your kid is a freshman and not prepared for it. budget now.', " and yell and be stressed out. don't have the conversation once a month. have it continuously when you talk during the week. how's the pizza budget? is there anything going ", " going? keep talking so don't do it when they owe you something because they will be hiding things."]