["from the Center for Disease Control with. Consistently across the board with every behavior from prescription drug abused  alcohol abuse  smoking. And actually irresponsible behavior that teenagers are famously private and sneaky they're good at sneaking around ", "with. Consistently across the board with every behavior from prescription drug abused alcohol abuse smoking. And actually irresponsible behavior -- that teenagers are famously private and sneaky they're good at sneaking around. So what signs -- ", "Timothy Johnson the National Center on Addiction and  Substance Abuse  cats as it's known at Columbia. Has come out the only one that knows it and this explosion a  prescription drug abuse  on college campuses. Is certainly facilitated ", "healthy life -- doctor Timothy Johnson the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse cats as it's known at Columbia. Has come out with its fifth I think annual review of web site selling dangerous drugs ", 'families from falling victim to what experts call. A  prescription drug abuse  epidemic sweeping the country. When go testifies prescription narcotics for pain. The National Institute on  Drug Abuse  reports about six million people are currently abusing ', 'with fentanyl a powerful prescription narcotics for pain. The National Institute on Drug Abuse reports about six million people are currently abusing prescription drugs and among young people the problem is exploding. Abuse of the powerful ', 'from had always been open about his lifelong battle with  substance abuse  which he said started with drugs at the age of thirteen had just recently checked himself into U. The credit for  substance abuse  so he was trying to get help', 'anywhere from -- had always been open about his lifelong battle with substance abuse which he said started with drugs at the age of thirteen. The actor voluntarily checked himself into a treatment center back in ', 'that he had just recently checked himself into U. The credit for substance abuse so he was trying to get help -- ', 'is ruled out foul play. An autopsy is scheduled for tomorrow. The actor has been open about his life-long battle with  substance abuse  which started at the age of 13. In an interview, he described his drug use by age 16, anything and everything, as much ', 'for tomorrow. The actor has been open about his life-long battle with substance abuse which started at the age of 13. In an interview, he described his drug use by age 16, anything and everything, as ', 'The numbers of people who have unintentionally overdosed on prescription painkillers has increased at an alarming rate a recent study in the journal of American Medical Association. Says patients taking high doses of prescription medications are at an increased risk of dying. Joining us now is', "It's scary because. Kids nowadays are using. Heavy prescription drugs which are just as dangerous if not more so than street drugs as their gateway drugs at their first exposure to a life of addiction. It sets them back and almost. The problem with an adolescent experimenting with drugs in general", 'Family of former New York Rangers player blames NHL for his brain damage,  prescription drug abuse .', 'Perhaps most important issue because it can have a negative effect on the other two is the emerging problem of  prescription drug abuse . And that is exactly in the population you describe people for whom these medicines were never intended. But ', 'a negative effect on the other two is the emerging problem of prescription drug abuse . And that is exactly in the population you describe people for whom these medicines were never intended. But they are getting their ', "A new national survey released by the  substance abuse  and mental health administration here's the good news survey is doctor H Wesley Clark director of the center for  substance abuse  treatment doctor thanks for joining us. Thank you for ", "A new national survey released by the substance abuse and mental health administration here's the good news drug use among America's teens is declining. But there's bad news to illegal prescription drug use is on the rise. Here to give us some insight on this new national survey is doctor H Wesley Clark director of the center for substance abuse treatment doctor thanks for joining us. Thank you for having me here aren't let's start about let's start with the good news ", "and touch them. Constantly about the dangers of other types of drugs but we've just we're clueless. About  prescription drug abuse  general and about the dangers of it. We. Didn't communicate regularly with Harrison. and our other children ", "dangers of other types of drugs but we've just we're clueless. About prescription drug abuse general -- and about the dangers of it. We. Didn't communicate regularly with Harrison. -- and our other children. About the dangers ", 'report. On the dangers of  prescription drug abuse  the White House is now releasing Robin to a certain extent  prescription drug abuse  has been someone of a secret replacement. These messages on  prescription drug abuse  come courtesy of the US ', 'House was planning to release a new report. On the dangers of prescription drug abuse the White House is now releasing the report today -- Chris has been following the sports. You know Robin to a certain extent prescription drug abuse has been someone of a secret until now especially among young people. Pills and a bottle that often come from a doctor ', "-- it's for the pain. From -- replacement. These -- messages on prescription drug abuse come courtesy of the US government part of a new campaign set to kick off Super Bowl Sunday. It seems I have ", 'to. Cocaine heroin methamphetamine and Ecstasy combined as alarming as that sounds prescription drug abuse is something many parents are still in the dark about. It totally was a shock and totally had I had no -- ', "surge and pharmacy robberies is by the nation's  prescription drug abuse  epidemic but these are typically drug dealers who built a steel A sign of the epidemic the  prescription drug abuse  Pierre Thomas ABC news Rockville Maryland.", "Police say the surge and pharmacy robberies is -- by the nation's prescription drug abuse epidemic but these are typically drug dealers who know they can make huge profits. Getting up to eighty dollars appeal on the ", '-- he built a steel -- A sign of the epidemic the prescription drug abuse Pierre Thomas ABC news Rockville Maryland. ', "diagrams of armored trucks he's now taken to drawing a picture for children's books. And educating young people about  drug addiction  he's already co authored a book about his wild And is working on making amends with Emily. So a lot of people might be ", "to drawing a picture for children's books. And educating young people about drug addiction he's already co authored a book about his wild -- And is working on making amends with Emily. So -- a lot ", "wars and in America and whether it's what we're fighting or one it just thinking evident. Opening up about his past  drug addiction  in this documentary speaks about being addicted to buy it in minute to minute video clip that's inside this film. So ", "or -- one it just thinking evident. Opening up about his past drug addiction in this documentary speaks about being addicted to buy it in -- minute to minute video clip that's inside this film. So ", "did want her story told so that other children and grandchildren of course stealing from relatives in order to fuel their  drug addiction . Can get the help they so desperately need I would like to see him. In a situation. Where. He's going to be helped ", "and grandchildren of course stealing from relatives in order to fuel their drug addiction . Can get the help they so desperately need I would like to see him. In a situation. Where. He's going to be ", "diagrams of armored trucks he's now taken to drawing Picture for children's books. And educating young people about  drug addiction  he's already co authored a book about his wild And is working on making amends with So a lot of people might be looking ", "to drawing -- Picture for children's books. And educating young people about drug addiction he's already co authored a book about his wild -- And is working on making amends with -- So -- a lot ", "was healthy is nothing wrong with them it's this came as good a total surprise and shock. The autopsy found no signs of  substance abuse  the family has also tabloid stories. But The Sopranos star had a decadent final meal that could have led to his death ", 'good a total surprise and shock. The autopsy found no signs of substance abuse the family has also -- tabloid stories. But The Sopranos star had a decadent final meal that could have led to his ', 'that we did. We finalize the so called Affordable Care Act I call Obama care. So that coverage of mental health. And  substance abuse  services. Would be available for 62. Million Americans for who they are not available. A big change. And we made it ', 'Act I call Obama care. So that coverage of mental health. And substance abuse services. Would be available for 62. Million Americans for who they are not available. A big change. And we made it clear. ']