['federal loan fund for sewer repairs. Sewer overflows cause local officials to order beach closings each year because of  E .  coli  bacteria contamination. The bill would reduce the fund from just over $1 billion this year to $250 million in 2014 ', 'Product Chlorine is used as a disinfectant to kill harmful bacteria in the water. This keeps you from getting sick from  E .  coli  and other nasty germs, but it also strips out the natural oils that protect your hair from damage and daily wear. Since ', 'rating for potency, along with certification that it meets safety limits for pesticides, molds and microbes such as  E .  coli  and salmonella. Medical marijuana has been legal in Oregon since 1998, but patients had to grow the pot themselves ', 'diagnosed with  E .  coli  0157:H7  infection  and hemolytic uremic syndrome time North Carolina has had an  E .  coli outbreak  caused by a contaminated petting reported getting sick from an  E .  coli  0157:H7  infection  that was later traced back to ', "lingering on the 76 lemons that they secured, including  E .  coli  and other fecal bacteria. Tell your server that you'd surfaces from faucets to doorknobs to be contaminated with  E .  coli . It's not surprising, then, that you're 100 times ", 'Illness, said vegetables are a major source of salmonella,  E .  coli  and other bactieral infections because they are grown in a pathogen that kills one in five people it infects.  E .  coli , salmonella and parasites are also routine meat and poultry ', 'it can cause an  infection  that\'s minor susceptible to  infection ," Bartlett said Food Borne Bugs:  Escherichia Coli  and Salmonella drug-resistant strains of  E .  coli  causing urinary antibiotics. " E .  coli  is the most common ', 'highly contagious liver  infection , after eating the berries still investigating the  outbreak . Townsend Farms voluntarily victims of a hepatitis a  outbreak  linked to tainted frozen berries in light of the  outbreak , but results have been In December, an  E . coli outbreak  was linked ', 'fragments from the fecal germ  E .  coli  in 58 percent of public came back positive for  E .  coli  DNA, which could have ill with diarrhea."  E .  coli  wasn\'t the only germ the source of a disease  outbreak . "Although this sounds ', 'realize, according to a study in the American Journal of  Infection  Control, which found that squeezing out a wet kitchen potentially illness-causing bacteria (like salmonella and  E .  coli ) on your hands. If you use it to clean your sink or ', 'safety incidents, and the public may suffer more foodborne illness such as the recent salmonella in peanut butter  outbreak  and the  E .  coli  illnesses linked to organic spinach." The FDA originally estimated it would complete 2,100 fewer inspections ', 'effectiveness of cleaning habits in America and find which items could potentially cause a foodborne illness. They looked for  E . coli , Salmonella, Listeria, mold and yeast. The Center for Disease Control estimates that 48 million people get sick and ', 'it can cause an  infection  that\'s minor susceptible to  infection ," said Bartlett Food Borne Bugs:  Escherichia Coli  and Salmonella drug-resistant strains of  E .  coli  causing urinary antibiotics. " E .  coli  is the most common ', "It's devastating  E .  Coli outbreak  that started in Europe. As the death caused it. He's been the deadliest  E .  Coli outbreak  on record and until now source could be other possible sources of the  E .  Coli .", "It's devastating E . Coli outbreak that started in Europe. As the death toll grows authorities tonight suspect they might now know what caused it. He's been the deadliest E . Coli outbreak on record and until now -- source has been a mystery. But to make health officials say it bean sprouts for northern ", "trying to pinpoint the source of an  E .  Coli outbreak  at taco build fast food chains at been closed following the northeast  E .  Coli outbreak  that's left some three and mess with This follows another  E .  Coli outbreak  in recent memory earlier ", "officials in the -- -- trying to pinpoint the source of an E . Coli outbreak at taco build fast food chains at the center of the investigation. Here's ABC's -- and and its. At least nine Taco Bell restaurants have been closed following the northeast E . Coli outbreak that's left some three dozen people sick. Including an eleven year old boy hospitalized. For a week. Officials say they've traced many ", "I really don't -- -- and mess with -- This follows another E . Coli outbreak in recent memory earlier this year tainted spinach killed three people. And make 200 others ill and in this case the exact ", 'Harris County Jail uniform today asking to be let out of jail. His attorneys told judge Sherrie dean brown got an  E .  Coli infection  in the Harris County Jail where he has been for the past couple of weeks on contempt of court. They also said he ', 'of jail. His attorneys told judge Sherrie dean -- brown got an E Coli infection in the Harris County Jail where he has been for the past couple of weeks on contempt of court. They also said ', 'foods are causing the  outbreak  or where they come from cause of the suspected  E .  Coli  cases. All linked to There no indication this  outbreak  is connected to the Taco ingredient caused a Taco Bell  outbreak . This latest scare on ', "tests and -- investigators still don't know which foods are causing the outbreak or where they come from. Here's ABC's Lisa stark. In Iowa and Minnesota health officials are trying to unravel -- cause of the suspected E . Coli cases. All linked to the taco John's restaurant chain. At this point in time. Were -- -- ruling anything out. There -- no indication this outbreak is connected to the Taco Bell illnesses in the northeast. Today Taco Bell reopened nearly all the restaurants it -- closed those who ventured inside this New Jersey restaurant were not concerned. This so that there -- giving away and I'm sure it. I would take -- -- Health officials are still scrambling to determine what ingredient caused a Taco Bell outbreak . This latest scare on top of the -- GE coli outbreak in September is increasing the clamor for changes in food safety oversight. -- thousand people. Every year. The food born illness. We ", 'tonight from the Centers for Disease Control -- in the Taco Bell outbreak they are narrowing down the cause focusing in on ingredients that were eaten raw. The CDC also says despite initial reports it ', 'spinach could be the cause of a major  E .  Coli outbreak  that has killed one person. And being wasted of the being fatigued.  E .  Coli  is a naturally occurring bacterium may have shipped the product. The  outbreak  began more than two weeks ago with ', 'Drug Administration says the spinach could be the cause of a major E . Coli outbreak that has killed one person. And sickened at least fifty others in eight states including -- Idaho Utah on New Mexico Wisconsin ', 'no information as to which states may have shipped the product. The outbreak began more than two weeks ago with the last reported case on September 3. Health officials say -- only good news here ', 'Bad spinach is apparently caused an  outbreak  of  E .  Coli  bacteria. The federal drug administration says at And that includes eight cases of kidney failure. The  E .  Coli  may have already caused one death as well no word yet ', 'Bad spinach is apparently caused an outbreak of E . Coli bacteria. The federal drug administration says at least eight states are affected their Connecticut Idaho Indiana. Wisconsin org and -- top New Mexico and Michigan so far at least fifty people are reportedly ill from ingesting the bacteria. And that includes eight cases of kidney failure. The E Coli may have already caused one death as well no word yet on the manufacture of the spinach which comes and a bag ', 'E .  Coli outbreak  appears to be spreading Taco Bell customers in two more states have gotten sick bring the number of cases now. Close to a hundred the chain has pulled Green onions from all its restaurants but the exact source of contamination. Is still a mystery.', 'E . Coli outbreak appears to be spreading Taco Bell customers in two more states have gotten sick bring the number of cases now. Close to ']