['include in deductible medical expenses the amount you pay for procedures such as face lifts, hair transplants, hair removal ( electrolysis ) and liposuction. But if a surgery is medically prescribed, for instance, a nose job to treat respiratory issues, and ', 'granddad\'s funeral, I used a cream to take it off, but it gave me a chemical burn." Fletcher said that she had success with  electrolysis , but it could only take 10-15 hairs off in a session, and laser treatments are cost prohibitive. It was earlier this ', 'in Massachusetts, is fighting for  electrolysis  treatments while the Department of into a woman. Kosilek had several  electrolysis  sessions in 2008 to remove her facial that she was initially granted the  electrolysis  treatments "to keep the issue from ', 'how he\'s battled with gender identity disorder. As part of his transition, Gabel said, he\'ll take hormones, undergo  electrolysis  treatments, and change his name to Laura Jane Grace. Gabel, 31, anticipates struggles along the way. He said, "I\'m ', "Arkansas doesn't just tax tattoos (6 percent of sales). The Natural State applies the same tax to body piercings and  electrolysis . So, if you need to have your hair removed before applying for a job as an exotic dancer in Utah, don't have it done in ", 'did anything male." Prinzivalli changed her name and all her documents. She sought counseling and underwent 400 hours of  electrolysis  and hormone replacement therapy. After three years she knew, "I wasn\'t going back." The final effort was to amend ', "recently lost a bid for state-funded  electrolysis  treatments . But the prisoner, who it to pay for hormone treatments,  electrolysis  and a sex-change operation. Kosilek's years received hormone injections and  electrolysis  treatments paid for by the state ", 'against MedSpa. It is licensed as an electrology facility, she said, which covers the services listed on the Web site.  Electrolysis  is commonly used as a method of hair removal. Injections given to patients would have to be administered under the supervision ', 'against MedSpa. It is licensed as an electrology facility, she said, which covers the services listed on the Web site.  Electrolysis  is commonly used as a method of hair removal. Injections given to patients would have to be administered under the supervision ', 'popping up. Using Water to Improve Gas Mileage The claim is that by using water hooked up to your car battery, you use  electrolysis  to create energy and double your fuel efficiency. To do this you attend a seminar for $145 or buy a converter for $185 ', 'What Are My Options For Hair Removal, How Do They Work, And Are There Any Risks/Side Effects?', 'hair removal: laser hair removal,  electrolysis  and prescription creams. Lasers are minimizes the chance of scarring.  Electrolysis  is where a needle is stuck down into well experienced with this treatment.  Electrolysis  can also cause scarring so you want ', 'these suggestions: Bleach the hair so that it is less visible. Shave, wax, pluck or chemically remove the hair. Use  electrolysis , a procedure in which an electric current is used to prevent hair from growing. But several treatments may be required ', "it a number of ways, including bleaching, plucking, laser therapy, or  electrolysis  (an electric current damages follicles so hairs don't grow back).  Electrolysis  (as long as it's done by someone who's trained to do it) can work "]