["trying to pinpoint the source of an  E .  Coli outbreak  at taco build fast food chains at been closed following the northeast  E .  Coli outbreak  that's left some three and mess with This follows another  E .  Coli outbreak  in recent memory earlier ", "officials in the -- -- trying to pinpoint the source of an E . Coli outbreak at taco build fast food chains at the center of the investigation. Here's ABC's -- and and its. At least nine Taco Bell restaurants have been closed following the northeast E . Coli outbreak that's left some three dozen people sick. Including an eleven year old boy hospitalized. For a week. Officials say they've traced many ", "I really don't -- -- and mess with -- This follows another E . Coli outbreak in recent memory earlier this year tainted spinach killed three people. And make 200 others ill and in this case the exact ", 'Harris County Jail uniform today asking to be let out of jail. His attorneys told judge Sherrie dean brown got an  E .  Coli infection  in the Harris County Jail where he has been for the past couple of weeks on contempt of court. They also said he ', 'of jail. His attorneys told judge Sherrie dean -- brown got an E Coli infection in the Harris County Jail where he has been for the past couple of weeks on contempt of court. They also said ', 'foods are causing the  outbreak  or where they come from cause of the suspected  E .  Coli  cases. All linked to There no indication this  outbreak  is connected to the Taco ingredient caused a Taco Bell  outbreak . This latest scare on ', "tests and -- investigators still don't know which foods are causing the outbreak or where they come from. Here's ABC's Lisa stark. In Iowa and Minnesota health officials are trying to unravel -- cause of the suspected E . Coli cases. All linked to the taco John's restaurant chain. At this point in time. Were -- -- ruling anything out. There -- no indication this outbreak is connected to the Taco Bell illnesses in the northeast. Today Taco Bell reopened nearly all the restaurants it -- closed those who ventured inside this New Jersey restaurant were not concerned. This so that there -- giving away and I'm sure it. I would take -- -- Health officials are still scrambling to determine what ingredient caused a Taco Bell outbreak . This latest scare on top of the -- GE coli outbreak in September is increasing the clamor for changes in food safety oversight. -- thousand people. Every year. The food born illness. We ", 'tonight from the Centers for Disease Control -- in the Taco Bell outbreak they are narrowing down the cause focusing in on ingredients that were eaten raw. The CDC also says despite initial reports it ', 'spinach could be the cause of a major  E .  Coli outbreak  that has killed one person. And being wasted of the being fatigued.  E .  Coli  is a naturally occurring bacterium may have shipped the product. The  outbreak  began more than two weeks ago with ', 'Drug Administration says the spinach could be the cause of a major E . Coli outbreak that has killed one person. And sickened at least fifty others in eight states including -- Idaho Utah on New Mexico Wisconsin ', 'no information as to which states may have shipped the product. The outbreak began more than two weeks ago with the last reported case on September 3. Health officials say -- only good news here ', 'Bad spinach is apparently caused an  outbreak  of  E .  Coli  bacteria. The federal drug administration says at And that includes eight cases of kidney failure. The  E .  Coli  may have already caused one death as well no word yet ', 'Bad spinach is apparently caused an outbreak of E . Coli bacteria. The federal drug administration says at least eight states are affected their Connecticut Idaho Indiana. Wisconsin org and -- top New Mexico and Michigan so far at least fifty people are reportedly ill from ingesting the bacteria. And that includes eight cases of kidney failure. The E Coli may have already caused one death as well no word yet on the manufacture of the spinach which comes and a bag ', 'E .  Coli outbreak  appears to be spreading Taco Bell customers in two more states have gotten sick bring the number of cases now. Close to a hundred the chain has pulled Green onions from all its restaurants but the exact source of contamination. Is still a mystery.', 'E . Coli outbreak appears to be spreading Taco Bell customers in two more states have gotten sick bring the number of cases now. Close to ', 'In Europe based food borne  E .  Coli outbreak  has now killed sixteen people people have been infected by the  E .  Coli  most of them in Germany fifth and the bacterial  outbreak  has been linked to contaminated ', 'In Europe based food borne E . Coli outbreak has now killed sixteen people. More than 11100 people have been infected by the E . Coli most of them in Germany fifth and the bacterial outbreak has been linked to contaminated. Vegetables. The weird. Observing the situation in Austria what we head upstairs so far are too important ', "alarming  outbreak  of a deadly strain of  E .  Coli  bacteria in four southern states there's no way to stop this deadly  E .  Coli  strain. The nation's top disease solve mysterious food poisoning  outbreak  that is unfolding right in their ", "-- alarming outbreak of a deadly strain of E . Coli bacteria in four southern states. One little girl is dead. And the source of the bacteria is still a mystery the government's ", "we know the exact cause there's no way to stop this deadly E . Coli strain. The nation's top disease -- are racing to solve -- mysterious food poisoning outbreak that is unfolding right in their own backyard. Nearly a dozen cases in cities across the south including Atlanta Georgia. So we know that these cases are all linked and that would suggest that there was a common source somewhere along the way. We just don't know where. The death of a toddler in New Orleans last week has now been linked to at least ten other cases of E . Coli illness in fourth southern states. The largest cluster of five sickened people ranging in age from eighteen to 52 is senator around Atlanta. Home to the Centers for Disease Control. But so far no one knows the source of the deadly E . Coli . Its youngest victim was 21 months old when she died last Thursday at a hospital in New Orleans. Two others in the New Orleans area also recently were stricken by the same strain of E . Coli known -- -- 145. They're racing against the clock because they want to figure out what this product -- And get it out of the market before it sickens or kills anyone else. The New Orleans department of health says the likely exposure is a food source but often the specific cause -- never found. For any E . Coli outbreak at this time a year suspicions immediately and -- undercooked ground beef the period from April through September is what scientists call high prevalence season for E . Coli because outdoor summer barbecues increased the bacterial -- -- -- -- And while we frequently suspect ground beef more and more this ", "there's a very large  outbreak  of a bacterial illness by the bacterium  E .  Coli  they have a very very bad strain of  E .  Coli . Called zero toxin Coli . And this  E .  Coli . Bacteria. Makes five. And in this  outbreak  at. Sorry and affects ", "gone back to their home countries. They have there's a very large outbreak of a bacterial illness. Caused by the bacterium E . Coli they have a very very bad strain of E . Coli . Called zero toxin producing E . Coli . And this E . Coli . Bacteria. Makes it -- He gets into your blood and in some of the most serious cases it shuts down the kidneys. ", "white affects young children under the age of five. And in this outbreak at. Sorry and affects I'm males and females are equally. In this outbreak . Most of the people are affected are on adults over the age of twenty. And in fact the peak incidence is and ", 'Deadly  E .  Coli  outbreaks spreading source of the deadly  E .  Coli  bacteria. And extremely been seen in food  outbreak  before. This bug is in the US the  outbreak  is raising alarm just one type of  E .  Coli  and only in beef ', "Deadly E . Coli outbreaks spreading across Europe one of the worst ever. It involves a new extremely severe strain and there's still no answer about what's caused more than 17100. Cases and at least eighteen deaths. Lisa stark reports on the desperate search for answers. It's a mystery Europe is racing to figure out the source of the deadly E . Coli bacteria. And extremely toxic strain that has never been seen in -- food outbreak before. This bug produces somewhat serious disease that we think it's a super producer of this toxin. The likely suspects wrong lettuce tomatoes or cucumbers. Ground zero northern Germany but case is now in eleven other countries including -- sick in the US. Virtually all people who traveled to Germany. While there's no evidence this string is in the US the outbreak is raising alarm bells about our food safe guards right now American test for just one type of E . Coli and only in beef not in fruit or vegetables. Scientists have discovered there are at least six or seven other strains that can make you sick. There are proposals to expand testing even as congress debates slashing the food safety budgets so what. Consumer duke -- cooking meat well will kill E . Coli but it's tougher with fruits and vegetables. We sprayed this to cover with a special substance to simulate bacteria you can seal with a special light -- gonna try to wash it off. It's just like you -- in your kitchen. That looks perfectly clean but look what happens when I take another look. It's not. So washing helps but it may not be good enough. And what's more experts now say that E . Coli from contaminated ground water -- can actually grow inside the fruit and vegetable. Washington won't help. What will help more testing and ", 'A deadly  E .  Coli outbreak  in Europe we learned today that a total drove. Tonight this toxic strain of  E .  Coli  has become one of the deadliest outbreaks all exposed to this deadly strain of  E .  Coli . Health experts say all of them recently ', "A deadly E . Coli outbreak in Europe we learned today that a total of four people now here in the US who recently visited Europe. Have been stricken and so tonight's hero world news fact check why is this strange so powerful. And why are so many women falling victim to it you're adding we drove. Tonight this toxic strain of E . Coli has become one of the deadliest outbreaks ever. Nineteen dead and more than 18100 sick spanning twelve European country and now concern here. Already suspected cases in Massachusetts. Michigan and we learned today Wisconsin. Four people now in critical condition all exposed to this deadly strain of E . Coli . Health experts say all of them recently returned from Hamburg Germany ground zero for this fatal outbreak . While the specific cause has not been identified authorities suspect raw vegetables. This outbreak which is clearly one of the most severe food borne outbreaks we've ever witnessed in modern time. Is one that is is associate with produce so who is affected the most. Women authorities point to their diets we have little doubt about that based on the pattern of cases in particularly among women and those who eat salads and other produce items. Today we learned German authorities think the outbreak may have started at this boat festival in Hamburg in early may. What's different about this during that makes it so dangerous this form of the call lies attacking people's kidneys. Making it much more dangerous than other forms. -- it takes up to seven to twelve days before symptoms appear just how infectious is it. The bacteria causing the outbreak is not spread through the air like the flu. Rarely passing from person to person. -- -- ABC news Los Angeles. ", 'Nancy explains the tiny  E .  Coli  bacteria could these chains to its image. And this  outbreak  is up big blow but is bell children died from eating  E .  Coli  infected hamburger meat folded after a hepatitis any  outbreak . Also traced to Green ', "chain that pays a lot of attention to its image. And this outbreak is up big blow but is -- bell. How he's going to stay away from that's pretty much it. Just how many ", 'three full years to recover after a four children died from eating E . Coli infected hamburger meat in 1993. Those struggling chain chi -- folded after a hepatitis any outbreak . Also traced to Green onions left four day. Taco Bell has voluntarily removed Green onions from all 5800. Of its restaurants and ', 'With a virulent strain of  E .  Coli  bacteria. Tonight the that contain that it. The  outbreak  has quickly spread across There have been any recent  E .  Coli  outbreaks linked to lettuce occurred is still a mystery  E .  Coli  mostly comes from catalyst ', 'after being alerted it may be contaminated. With a virulent strain of E . Coli bacteria. Tonight the FDA is broadening its advisory. We now have concern not only -- bagged spinach but for any prepackaged. Ballot items that contain that it. The outbreak has quickly spread across the country states in all regions are now affected one person has died dozens have become sick. When Welbourn spent thirteen days in the hospital after eating his spinach salad. I was scared they -- -- -- and make a couple more hours or another day. There have been any recent E . Coli outbreaks linked to lettuce and spinach grown in this area of California known as the salad bowl of the world. Nobody wants this sort of problem we want to find it we want to fix it. How the contamination occurred is still a mystery E . Coli mostly comes from catalyst found in the -- It contained spoiler dust blowing -- -- field seasonal workers dirty hands. Some plants ', "The  outbreak  of  E .  Coli  bacteria that health officials have traced Timothy Johnson good afternoon to you.  E .  Coli  in beef we've heard that but how does are several possible scenarios. The  E .  Coli  comes from discharged from otherwise ", "The outbreak of E . Coli bacteria that health officials have traced to bagged spinach with the promise of convenience bagged veggies salads and fruits have become a huge staple in the American diet rising. From 100 million dollars in sales in 19925. Billion dollars in sales in 2004. I'm joined by ABC's medical editor doctor Timothy -- Timothy Johnson good afternoon to you. E Coli in beef we've heard that but -- -- how does this happen. It's a bit unusual and we don't know for sure how it happens there are several possible scenarios. The E Coli comes from -- discharged from otherwise healthy before dairy cattle. It could get mixed into the water supply for example it could ", "early to tell what they're dealing with the a virus  E .  Coli  or something else lab tests due back later this week should to the facility as well as doing a food borne illness  outbreak  investigation. The Health Department is only authorized ", "too early to tell what they're dealing with the -- a virus E . Coli or something else lab tests due back later this week should provide some answer. What we're doing right now we're doing an investigation that would cover a lot of different -- this afternoon will be. Disseminating some information to the facility as well as doing a food borne illness outbreak investigation. The Health Department is only authorized to inspect the retirement communities kitchen. The company that owns -- pod as aggressively trying ", 'Deadliest  E .  Coli outbreak  on record people in twelve countries are now sick with a rare strain of  E .  Coli  this  outbreak  started in northern Germany precautions we normally do when we hear about  E .  Coli  watching her food and things like that ', 'Deadliest E . Coli outbreak on record people in twelve countries are now sick with a rare strain of E . Coli this outbreak started in northern Germany more than a month ago. Now more than 17100 cases have been reported and at least eighteen people ', "important thing. And -- said in Germany that they think says the outbreak is on the wane but let me ask you nonetheless. Are there things we should be doing and what are those things. Well there are for food safety in general it's not gonna work perfectly when it comes to the E . Coli . First wash your food wash your food vegetables second wash your hands on again it's not gonna completely prevent it. Third cook if in doubt cooking will get rid of the E . Coli and we'll certainly get rid of it meets. And vegetables and finally if you can peel the vegetables because that will help. ", 'this evening about that  E .  Coli outbreak  that prompted the mostly company time when the people sickened by  E .  Coli  is speaking out to ABC Stephanie old Collins tested positive for  E .  Coli  after eating Rodney Leisle told ', "-- this evening about that E . Coli outbreak that prompted the mostly company to recall packages of refrigerated toll house cookie go. Tonight for the first time when the people sickened by E . Coli is speaking out to ABC Stephanie side. Jillian Collins never imagined that one of her favorite comfort foods could lead to so much pain. I felt really weak. And I was having to. Blake goes that Camelot. And it was I felt scared to and I was so we -- in Philly fans. If in late may eighteen year old Collins tested positive for E . Coli after eating Rodney Leisle told house refrigerated cookie dough. -- Lee has now recalled the product from store shelves and the FDA is advising people not to concede. In the cookie you know. The fact that there would be anything E . Coli in any sort of like food that you abide cremate his supermarket that isn't. Probably a neat products like I would expect ", 'World News: Shuttle Discovery; Taco Bell E . Coli  Update; New Princess Diana Evidence', 'confirmed or suspected cases of illness related to the  E .  Coli outbreak  linked to Taco Bell fast food restaurants. Officials believe the  outbreak  may have been caused by tainted Green onions which Taco ', 'close to 300 confirmed or suspected cases of illness related to the E . Coli outbreak linked to Taco Bell fast food restaurants. Officials believe the outbreak may have been caused by tainted Green onions which Taco Bell has since pulled. From its more than 5800 restaurants nationwide. The ', 'A deadly Salmonella  outbreak  can concerns in more than 2 dozen states this morning that the  outbreak  could be spreading and spreading impossible to treat. Salmonella  infection  usually kicks in twelve to Salmonella the way to test for  E .  Coli  right now those warnings were ', 'A deadly Salmonella outbreak can concerns in more than 2 dozen states this morning that the outbreak could be spreading and spreading quickly ABC and -- weekends. Dan Harris is tracking enforce stance. I -- good morning federal officials ']