['how life-threatening it was to carry her babies, now three. She told Good Housekeeping that toward the  eighth month  of her  pregnancy , her body was under extreme strain. Blood clots formed in her legs and fluid welled up in her heart and ', 'babies in the sixth, seventh,  eighth month  of  pregnancy  and then killed those babies abortions after the 20th week of  pregnancy  because of the risks involved sixth and seventh months of  pregnancy  and charged more for bigger ', 'Philadelphia Abortion Doctor Accused of Killing Babies With Scissors, Charged With 8 Murders', 'abortions after the 20th week of  pregnancy  because of the risks involved sixth and seventh months of  pregnancy  and charged more for bigger babies in the sixth, seventh,  eighth month  of  pregnancy  and then killed those babies ', 'cost us resulted in a  pregnancy  that started about the time I got to my  eighth month , my weight had far sur-passed to determine if this  pregnancy  is going swimmingly to kill and by your  eighth month  your back does not want ', 'it was until now," he added. In mice, laminin-511 convinced hair to grow at the equivalent of about the  eighth month  of  pregnancy , but Marinkovich and his colleagues are hoping it might also work later in the life cycle. Male baldness associated ', 'killing Bobbie Jo Stinnett and cutting her baby, then in the  eighth month  of gestation, from her womb. Prosecutors said during her babies of their own. We have a history of some women faking  pregnancy ," he said. "This, to me, is a very, very extreme form ', 'killing Bobbie Jo Stinnett and cutting her baby, then in the  eighth month  of gestation, from her womb. Prosecutors said during her babies of their own. We have a history of some women faking  pregnancy ," he said. "This, to me, is a very, very extreme form ', 'that the babies were "predisposed" to allergies. The women took probiotic or placebo doses daily from the  eighth month  of  pregnancy . While some women dropped out or did not successfully deliver, 925 infants continued in the study and had ', 'version of happiness in one  pregnancy  after another. Beginning while the time she was sixteen,  pregnancy . In 1985, Daphne gave birth thought she was probably in her  eighth month , they all laughed at her stream of jibes about her  pregnancy , accepted them as just a ', 'killing his 4-year-old son, his brother, mother-in-law, father-in-law and his wife, who was in her  eighth month  of  pregnancy . His eyes are raging but sad. He, too, was shot in the legs and he says he "lost his manhood" and therefore ', 'remained on the job until I was in my  eighth month , and even scored a national scoop contribution to society. Political  Pregnancy  But back to Gov. Swift. During her so-called "political  pregnancy ", she suffered considerable criticism ']