['Film brings awareness to illness affecting an estimated 20,000 Americans a year.', "get it now. Adult chickenpox isn't just inconvenient. It can also lead to complications, like pneumonia,  brain inflammation  and bacterial infections. In barbara's case, chickenpox is causing that annoying itching. The spots will ", "chickenpox isn't just inconvenient. It can also lead to complications, like pneumonia, brain inflammation and bacterial infections. In barbara's case, chickenpox is causing that annoying itching. The spots will spread worse if you scratch them up. ", "doctor's office and get it now until chicken pox is convenient. He can also lead to complications like pneumonia  brain inflammation  in bacterial infections. In Barber's case chicken pox is causing that annoying Spots will spread even worse ", "is -- -- convenient. He can also lead to complications like pneumonia brain inflammation in bacterial infections. In Barber's case chicken pox is causing that annoying -- Spots will spread even worse if he scrapped a ", "miserable for more than two weeks. That one mosquito bite has left her first with a fever of a 104. And now with meningitis and  encephalitis . is the epicenter of this epidemic. One quarter of the country's cases are in this one county. Most people with the ", "first with a fever of a 104. And now with meningitis and encephalitis . -- is the epicenter of this epidemic. One quarter of the country's cases are in this one county. Most people with the ", "than two weeks. I have. Reporter: That one mosquito bite left her first with a fever of 104 and now with meningitis and  encephalitis . Dallas is the epicenter of this epidemic. One quarter of the country's cases are in this wound county. Most people ", "her first with a fever of 104 and now with meningitis and encephalitis . Dallas is the epicenter of this epidemic. One quarter of the country's cases are in this wound county. Most people with the ", "and pains and feeling poorly. And that will take you to the doctor fortunately. Most people don't get. What we called  encephalitis  or that invasive form of the disease only 1% of people to that. But they to older so in particular. Older people need ", "you to the doctor fortunately. Most people don't get. What we called encephalitis or that -- invasive form of the disease only 1% of people to that. But they -- to older so in particular. ", "general flu like symptoms muscle cramping and things like that. But they can often move on against neurological system causing  encephalitis  meningitis which would manifest as I'm seizures confusion. Flat coordination. With severe headaches stiff neck. More ", "that. But they can often move on against -- neurological system causing encephalitis meningitis which would manifest as I'm seizures confusion. Flat coordination. With severe headaches stiff neck. More -- -- logic signs of the ", "billion dollar implications. But in this case it does because it's America's first confirmed case of bovine spongiform  encephalitis . In six years. BSE is mad cow disease a potentially deadly brain wasting infection that can be transferred to humans ", "case it does because it's America's first confirmed case of bovine spongiform encephalitis . In six years. BSE is mad cow disease a potentially deadly brain wasting infection that can be transferred to humans. The animal ", "then there's the yellow fever mosquito also known to transmit several viruses including deadly ones like dengue fever and  encephalitis . Are. Is mosquitoes capable of giving people. Fatal diseases. Yellow fear is they don't thank fever can be fatal so ", "known to transmit several viruses including deadly ones like dengue fever and encephalitis . Are. Is mosquitoes capable of giving people. Fatal diseases. Yellow fear is they don't thank -- fever can be fatal so we ", "be dangerous complications from chicken. Iraq's. It has UB and the older population. Students and faculty. Can be.  Encephalitis . Pneumonia and and also can call ultimately can cause death. School officials say kindergarten student at pleasant view ", 'has UB and -- the older population. Students and faculty. Can be. Encephalitis . Pneumonia and and also can call ultimately can cause death. School officials say kindergarten student at pleasant view elementary also has chicken ', "United States. And other ones would be. In various parts of the country. Well there's other viruses such as Saint Louis  encephalitis  virus on dengue is a newcomer to the Americas and And it has been a real problem in the last. 2030 years which as we just ", "parts of the country. Well there's other viruses such as Saint Louis encephalitis virus on dengue is a newcomer to the Americas and -- And it has been a real problem in the last. 2030 ", 'Young infants. It can actually. Interfere with breathing it can affect the long in the heart. And actually cause even some  encephalitis . And can lead to death so very worried about outbreaks of whooping cough. Affecting young infants in particular. Absolutely ', 'affect the long -- in the heart. And actually cause even some encephalitis . And can lead to death so -- -- very worried about outbreaks of whooping cough. Affecting young infants in particular. Absolutely very ', "scare. It involves a deadly case of  encephalitis  and ABC's Gigi stone is joining us Island to children have come down with  encephalitis . Of that along with the nearby case school. Two weeks ago Dylan died of  encephalitis . Then two other students your not ", "today because of a health scare. It involves a deadly case of encephalitis and ABC's Gigi stone is joining us from -- this morning -- Well Chris what are the Greenwood elementary school in Warwick, Rhode Island -- to -- children have come down with encephalitis . Of that along with the nearby case of meningitis. Prompted the closing of all area public schools frightening parents. Like you don't even when it hits and wanted to Alison. Teresa -- daughter -- -- incentive -- at the Warwick, Rhode Island public school right across the road from second later Dylan -- -- school. Two weeks ago Dylan died of encephalitis . Then two other students your -- not seen -- They have recover because the source of the outbreak is a mystery Rhode Island now canceled school for more than 20000. Students. We felt that in. The best interest of health and safety of the students that we would close. 26 schools. For the remainder of the week. Encephalitis as a swelling of the brain it's extremely rare some 15100. Cases are reported in the US each year. But encephalitis can killer cause serious injury and can be contagious. So Rhode Island officials have called in the Centers for Disease Control. There's ", "on occasion. This chicken even in healthy child can cause  encephalitis  which isn't an inflammation of the brain. And that's and remind us all. Some of those children may get chicken  encephalitis . And then think of the how horrible a parent would feel ", "that on occasion. This chicken -- even in healthy child can cause encephalitis which isn't an inflammation of the brain. And that's what caused most of the deaths. And what is some people have no ", 'and remind us all. Some of those children may get chicken -- encephalitis . And then think of the how horrible a parent would feel. I also reflect back on my daughter who grew up before ', 'of the potential complications from chicken pox include severe infection of the lung or pneumonia. Infection of the brain  encephalitis . Liver dysfunction. Or infection of the itself. Individuals particularly at receiver these complications include adults ', 'severe infection of the lung or pneumonia. Infection of the brain -- encephalitis . Liver dysfunction. Or infection of the -- itself. Individuals particularly at receiver these complications include adults are adolescents. Some pregnant women. Premature ', "such as seizure disorders be common. Potential for brain tumors four. Infectious diseases and things like meningitis or  encephalitis . Sometimes people Impending strokes and of cerebral vascular accidents TVA's can can mimic bipolar disorder. Certainly ", "Potential for brain tumors four. Infectious diseases and things like meningitis or encephalitis . Sometimes people -- Impending strokes and -- of cerebral vascular accidents -- TVA's can can mimic bipolar disorder. Certainly substance induced. Causes ", 'their children. To explain to them that sometimes. One feels very badly. And that when one does there help. Because depression can be treated in the same way that physical disorders like diabetes. Or  encephalitis  can be treated.', 'be treated in the same way that physical disorders like diabetes. Or encephalitis can be treated. ', "yeah. I have no one should be on the show Okay. I just. It doesn't react on Leno and those my  encephalitis  you want running into declared the children running. Yes indeed and I'm glad to be back in congratulations. On all your success ", "just. It doesn't react on Leno and those my -- -- -- encephalitis you want running into -- declared the children running. Yes indeed and I'm glad to be back in congratulations. On all your ", "is which is very uncomfortable and then there's also the rare case that the mumps virus infected the brain itself cause  encephalitis . So this has been a very successful vaccine however. We've always known. That the immunity the protection it provides ", "rare case that the mumps virus infected the brain itself -- cause encephalitis . So this has been a very successful vaccine however. We've always known. That the immunity the protection it provides is not as "]