["But during an investigation prompted by the kidney recipient's death in February, lab testing found evidence of rabies in the donor's brain tissue and also detected  encephalitis , a  brain inflammation  that can be caused by rabies.", 'been released, developed  brain inflammation  known as  encephalitis  in February, 17 months monitoring for infectious  encephalitis ," the authors wrote failed to find signs of  encephalitis , the hallmark of rabies ', 'Spotted Fever, and in March, a Connecticut jury awarded $47 million to a girl who was left brain damaged after contracting  encephalitis  from a tick bite in China. To protect yourself against ticks, wear clothing that covers, use tick repellant and inspect ', 'in Lakeville, Conn. She contracted  encephalitis  from tick bites while hiking in a rural areas where they will be travelling."  Encephalitis  is an acute inflammation of the brain negligent and argued that Tick-Borne  Encephalitis  is so rare, it should not have been ', 'Reynolds said the donor had signs of  encephalitis  or brain swelling at the time of death unspecified infection with symptoms such as  encephalitis . "Often it\'s not possible to get that the donor died of an infectious  encephalitis  and the organs were used." Segev ', 'However, it needs to be taken seriously since adults are at increased risk of complications, including pneumonia,  brain inflammation  and bacterial skin infections," said ABC News\' chief health and medical editor Dr. Richard Besser. "If you ', 'Alzheimer\'s disease previously, they noted. In fact, the so-called amyloid theory of the disease holds that  brain inflammation  is the "downstream effect" of the accumulation of beta-amyloid protein plaques, Stefansson and colleagues ', 'meaning patients develop meningitis,  encephalitis  or paralysis. These figures represent hospitalization. Of these, those with  encephalitis  are in the greatest danger, as they Ten percent of patients who develop  encephalitis  die. Of the patients who develop paralysis ', 'never associate it with West Nile." Only about 1 percent are hit with a more serious form of the infection, West Nile  encephalitis , characterized by high fever, headache, neck stiffness, stupor, disorientation, coma, tremors, convulsions, muscle ', 'The child, whose name, age and sex have not been released, is believed to have died from primary amoebic  meningoencephalitis  caused by Naegleria fowleri , an amoeba that thrives in warm freshwater. "Through swimming or diving, it can ', 'directly through saliva. From an inflamed wound, it can get into the bloodstream and travel to the brain, causing dangerous  encephalitis  and either brain damage or death. The herpes virus is so contagious that when medical professionals give mouth care to patients ', 'the flu,  encephalitis  may cause such as  Eastern equine encephalitis , cause death Inspire and  Encephalitis  Global another form of  brain inflammation , Deen said particular type,  Japanese encephalitis , likely ', 'Teen basketball star Maggie Meier had perfect free-throw form, even when she was in a coma . In the fall of her freshman year of high school, Meier got meningitis, a bacterial infection that spurred swelling in her brain and sparked terrifying seizures in the healthy student athlete. "I\'ll never', "problems get more publicity. Is clearly.  Encephalitis  should be something that the general fuels seem to have one treatment for  encephalitis  is called a funeral not having babies helped me that I've become part of  encephalitis  global we're working to. Promote ", '-- -- because those types of problems get more publicity. Is clearly. Encephalitis should be something that the general public is aware and the medical. Field as well. Yeah ten masters my conscience is what ', "illness. And dinner. It's fuels fuels seem to have one treatment for encephalitis is called a funeral -- not having babies and not something else. I ditched my yeah. I haven't been in my mind -- -- makes sense it was. It is an experience. And if -- union. And helped me that I've become part of encephalitis global we're working to. Promote early diagnosis. Were working to alleviate. Unnecessary suffering. And to prevent untimely -- we need your help ", "get it now. Adult chickenpox isn't just inconvenient. It can also lead to complications, like pneumonia,  brain inflammation  and bacterial infections. In barbara's case, chickenpox is causing that annoying itching. The spots will ", "chickenpox isn't just inconvenient. It can also lead to complications, like pneumonia, brain inflammation and bacterial infections. In barbara's case, chickenpox is causing that annoying itching. The spots will spread worse if you scratch them up. ", "doctor's office and get it now until chicken pox is convenient. He can also lead to complications like pneumonia  brain inflammation  in bacterial infections. In Barber's case chicken pox is causing that annoying Spots will spread even worse ", "is -- -- convenient. He can also lead to complications like pneumonia brain inflammation in bacterial infections. In Barber's case chicken pox is causing that annoying -- Spots will spread even worse if he scrapped a ", "miserable for more than two weeks. That one mosquito bite has left her first with a fever of a 104. And now with meningitis and  encephalitis . is the epicenter of this epidemic. One quarter of the country's cases are in this one county. Most people with the ", "first with a fever of a 104. And now with meningitis and encephalitis . -- is the epicenter of this epidemic. One quarter of the country's cases are in this one county. Most people with the ", "than two weeks. I have. Reporter: That one mosquito bite left her first with a fever of 104 and now with meningitis and  encephalitis . Dallas is the epicenter of this epidemic. One quarter of the country's cases are in this wound county. Most people ", "her first with a fever of 104 and now with meningitis and encephalitis . Dallas is the epicenter of this epidemic. One quarter of the country's cases are in this wound county. Most people with the ", "and pains and feeling poorly. And that will take you to the doctor fortunately. Most people don't get. What we called  encephalitis  or that invasive form of the disease only 1% of people to that. But they to older so in particular. Older people need ", "you to the doctor fortunately. Most people don't get. What we called encephalitis or that -- invasive form of the disease only 1% of people to that. But they -- to older so in particular. "]