['sour years ago at the 2006 wedding of Tom Cruise and  Katie Holmes  in Italy. Nicole Remini says that her sister was rebuked then-newborn daughter, Suri, with his then-wife  Katie Holmes . She also, according to her sister, served for one ', 'was one of the first people to speak publicly about Cruise\'s then-newborn daughter, Suri, with his then-wife  Katie Holmes . "Tom and Kate ... want to have a life and raise their baby," Remini told Us Weekly magazine at the time. "They\'re ', "Paparazzi staked out in front of  Katie Holmes ' car is a common sight, but this time, many would say they crossed a line with 7-year-old Suri Cruise, prompting a passionate ", 'Suri Cruise Called a "Brat" Don\'t mess with Suri Cruise. The tiny offspring of  Katie Holmes  and Tom Cruise emerged from her apartment building into a scrum of paparazzi Thursday, immediately telling them to "stop it ', "Diane Cohen/FameFlynet  Katie Holmes  certainly wouldn't be the first to find romance on set. Nearly soaked in a park fountain during one romantic scene. PHOTOS:  Katie Holmes  Through the Years The co-stars' chemistry was also on display ", 'What\'s a Manhattan mom supposed to do with her 7-year-old on a rainy day? If you\'re  Katie Holmes  , the answer is simple: arts and crafts. On Sunday afternoon, Holmes, who is currently filming "Mania Days" , and Suri trekked ', "Star Sightings: Kristen Wiig Parties With 'SNL' Stars; Emma Stone, Katie Holmes  and more", 'adorned with - what else? - album imagery. Ever notice how stylish Suri Cruise always looks? Give credit to her mom,  Katie Holmes  . On Monday, the actress stopped into a New York City Gap to shop for the 7-year-old, loading up on brightly colored ', '(Photo credit: Mike Marsland/WireImage) For the first time since  Katie Holmes  filed for divorce last summer, Tom Cruise is opening up about the split, admitting, "I did not expect that." "Life is a ', 'Allure  Katie Holmes  is "open" to giving her 6-year-old daughter Suri a sibling one family. "I don\'t know," she said. "I\'m open to it." PHOTOS:  Katie Holmes  Through the Years Though she doesn\'t talk directly about her 2012 ', '2005, when Tom Cruise reportedly bought an ultrasound machine to monitor the progress of his unborn child with actress  Katie Holmes . The $200,000 purchase compelled doctors to support legislation that would prevent the sale of diagnostic ultrasound ', 'lighting cues. ... I don\'t think I\'d rather be anywhere else, to be honest."  Katie Holmes  This will be the first Valentine\'s Day for  Katie Holmes  since her split from Tom Cruise last year. But the 34-year-old won\'t be spending ', "WireImage Famous tot Suri Cruise spent her first Christmas holiday since her parents' divorce, first with mom,  Katie Holmes  , then dad, Tom Cruise . Holmes, 34, and her 6-year-old daughter shared a traditional Midwestern Christmas in ", 'six months after his divorce from  Katie Holmes , the "Jack Reacher" star has manager Cynthia Jorge. ALSO READ:  Katie Holmes  Never Mentioned Tom Cruise in Interview 6-year-old daughter, Suri. READ MORE:  Katie Holmes  Makes First Public Appearance Since ', "chose the church. Reporter: Her relationship with the church began to sour in 2006, at the wedding of tom cruise and  katie holmes . Where leah remini reportedly asked the head of the church, david miscavige, who was tom cruise's best man, where ", "began to sour in 2006, at the wedding of tom cruise and katie holmes . Where leah remini reportedly asked the head of the church, david miscavige, who was tom cruise's best man, where his wife was. ", 'spot modifications as population just quit. Now this may extend all the way back to speaking up Tom Cruise and Katie  Katie Holmes  their wedding in 2006 as a blocker out there with say. But she apparently went to the leader of the church announcement ', 'extend all the way back to speaking up Tom Cruise and Katie Katie Holmes -- their wedding in 2006 as a blocker out there with say. But she apparently went to the leader of the church ', 'Katie Holmes  hitting the town looking relaxed and just weeks after her divorce from Raising questions about whether the star is. Ready to start A glowing  Katie Holmes  stepped out on the town Friday night dining with the mystery man at trendy ', "Katie Holmes hitting the town looking relaxed and -- just weeks after her divorce from Tom Cruise so who's that guy the mystery man ABC's -- -- -- Here to solve the mystery good morning. Here to solve the mystery indeed down -- what is buzzing about Haiti's Friday night out on the town without her security detail she -- beaming relaxed than appeared very happy. Did the man she was -- at. Raising questions about whether the star is. Ready to start -- A glowing Katie Holmes stepped out on the town Friday night dining with the mystery man at trendy Manhattan restaurant no -- smiley. -- -- speaking ", 'And  katie holmes  just spoke out for the first time since her high-profile divorce from newly single, back in the spotlight and trying on a new role for size.  Katie holmes  made her first official public appearance since her tabloid headline ', "And katie holmes just spoke out for the first time since her high-profile divorce from tom cruise. And if she thought she was rattled by all of the allegations swirling around, she doesn't seem to be. She is proving to be a triple-threat of her own. Actress, model and brand-new fashion designer. Abc's linsey davis has the latest. Reporter: She's newly single, back in the spotlight and trying on a new role for size. Katie holmes made her first official public appearance since her tabloid headline split from tom cruise at the ninth annual style awards. What an ", 'perez. The beauty tips I will pass on to my daughter is to find happiness in everything. Reporter: Famous actress  katie holmes  shows off her bronzed skin in a sultry photo shoot for the april issue of "allure" magazine and opens up about the ', 'to my daughter is to find happiness in everything. Reporter: Famous actress katie holmes shows off her bronzed skin in a sultry photo shoot for the april issue of "allure" magazine and opens up about the ', "tomcat. Is calling it quits is  Katie Holmes  files for divorce from Tom Cruise hanging out on her own in New York  Katie Holmes  looked radiant happier than she's fairy tale. That wedding elevated  Katie Holmes  from being a promising on Dawson's ", 'the famous couple the tabloids dubbed tomcat. Is calling it quits is Katie Holmes files for divorce from Tom Cruise after five years of marriage. Speculation swirling about Holmes -- bid for sole custody of daughter ', "-- -- last week hanging out on her own in New York Katie Holmes looked radiant happier than she's looked in years. And crews didn't see this -- coming plenty of others that deep down I ", "a medieval castle in Italy a celebrity fairy tale. That wedding elevated Katie Holmes from being a promising -- on Dawson's Creek WB network the upper stratosphere -- apparently. -- not just a Hollywood a -- ", "Reporter: Even the rain can't even  katie holmes  down these days. Spotted on the they're trying. When we spoke to  katie holmes , she was excited about her future high-end stores like barney's?  Katie holmes  has never had a more exciting life ", "taking off just like her career. Reporter: Even the rain can't even katie holmes down these days. Spotted on the streets of new york city with daughter in tow. It appears holmes is taking advantage of ", "they don't want anyone to know they're trying. When we spoke to katie holmes , she was excited about her future. She definitely had a plan. She knew going forward she wanted to put her energy in ", "designs. Which are flying off the racks at high-end stores like barney's? Katie holmes has never had a more exciting life in terms of her career. She's got it all. She's got money behind her. She's got money, looks, fames, this is it. Strike while the iron is hot. Industry experts say katie holmes and the mast perful way she handled it added that customer will likely want to purchase her fashion label not only for "]