['breasts. Several other celebrities have opted for double mastectomies in the past, including Christina Applegate and  Kathy Bates . Applegate , 40, was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2008. She told More magazine last month that she originally ', 'A-list TV actresses, and every reality TV host you could name off the top of your head. Julia Louis-Dreyfuss,  Kathy Bates , Mindy Kaling, Christina Hendricks and more punched Kimmel until he got his act together. But Ryan Seacrest, Tom ', 'it\'s hard to imagine a scenario where Cranston doesn\'t win." Lead Actress, Drama: Claire Danes Nominees are:  Kathy Bates , "Harry\'s Law"; Glenn Close, "Damages"; Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey ', 'Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images  Kathy Bates  has revealed that she was diagnosed with breast cancer she looks forward to getting back to work. RELATED:  Kathy Bates  Reveals Why She Kept Ovarian Cancer a Secret Bates ', 'Empire" "Breaking Bad" "Downton Abbey" "Game of Thrones" "Homeland" "Mad Men" Best Actress in a Drama Series  Kathy Bates , "Harry\'s Law" Glenn Close, "Damages" Claire Danes, "Homeland" Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey" Julianna ', 'that she took on the challenge. Bergen is the latest star to open up about a secret illness. Earlier this month,  Kathy Bates  told Anderson Cooper that she kept her ovarian cancer diagnosis a secret because she was contracted to do a movie at ', 'Credit: David Livingston/Getty Images. Veteran actress  Kathy Bates  battled ovarian cancer almost a decade ago and is now opening up about why she originally kept her diagnosis a secret. "I was ', "MICHAEL C. HALL / Dexter Morgan - DEXTER (Showtime) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series  KATHY BATES  / Harriet Korn - HARRY'S LAW (NBC) GLENN CLOSE / Patty Hewes - DAMAGES (DirecTV) JESSICA LANGE / Constance - AMERICAN ", 'drama prize over "The Good Wife." Ray Tamarra/FilmMagic/Getty Images Lead Actress, Drama: Juliana Margulies  Kathy Bates , "Harry\'s Law"; Connie Britton, "Friday Night Lights"; Mireille Enos, "The Killing"; Mariska Hargitay ', 'drama prize over "The Good Wife." Ray Tamarra/FilmMagic/Getty Images Lead Actress, Drama: Juliana Margulies  Kathy Bates , "Harry\'s Law"; Connie Britton, "Friday Night Lights"; Mireille Enos, "The Killing"; Mariska Hargitay ', 'Woody Allen, Rachel McAdams,  Kathy Bates , and Corey Stoll Attended Midnight in Paris New York Premiere', 'other actresses who have bared all on screen after turning 40 . Sandra Bullock, Mary-Louise Parker, Marisa Tomei and  Kathy Bates  all waited until after 40 to shed their clothes on screen. Diane Keaton was nearly 60. "It\'s a way of reinventing ', "course Don Always the stipulation are in lead actress in a drama and you've got Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights  Kathy Bates  Julianna Margulies. Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely love the good life with love ", "in a drama and you've got Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates Julianna Margulies. Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely love the good life with love I'm Juliana ", "abbey. Game of thrones. Homeland. And mad men. Finally. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are --  kathy bates , harry's law. Glenn close, damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies ", "Finally. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are -- kathy bates , harry's law. Glenn close, damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies, the good wife. And elizabeth moss, mad men. ", "Friday Night Lights. Damon owns. The good wife and amendment. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are.  Kathy Bates  Harry's law. Connie Britton Friday Night Lights. the killing. targets say law and order special victims unit ", "and amendment. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Kathy Bates Harry's law. Connie Britton Friday Night Lights. -- -- the killing. -- targets say law and order special victims unit. Julianna Margulies ", "not I think that was that was about. It's a real man show you all tour and you live shows with your fellow comedian  Kathy Bates  do you ever get sick of each other. You know actually this is the only group of people I've ever worked with where ", "-- you all tour and you live shows with your fellow comedian Kathy Bates do you ever get sick of each other. You know actually this is the only group of people I've ever worked with ", "loving giving directions but aunt Tennyson and kind of tell us who've now been. when we've gotten that to name  Kathy Bates . Could face fetish had been on the Titanic it wouldn't assign legal rights. she got here 180 yeah she wobbled over ", "us who've now been. -- when we've gotten that -- to name Kathy Bates . Could face fetish -- had been on the Titanic it wouldn't assign legal rights. -- she got -- here 180 yeah she ", 'Before she met My Cousin Acquaintances. Marisa Tomei met her fairy godmother on as the world turns thirty yeah.  Kathy Bates  got a head start on misery. By giving some to Erica Kane on all my children and But the starting young award goes to ', 'Tomei met her fairy godmother on as the world turns thirty yeah. Kathy Bates got a head start on misery. By giving some to Erica Kane on all my children and -- But the starting young ', 'gain in this remake by the actor Keanu Reeves on familiar ground as an alien Jennifer Connolly playing a scientist and  Kathy Bates  appearing as the secretary of defense overall just looking cash hefty paychecks. Lines are meant to be serious were ', 'on familiar ground as an alien Jennifer Connolly playing a scientist and Kathy Bates appearing as the secretary of defense -- overall just looking -- cash hefty paychecks. Lines are meant to be serious were greeted ']