['arm. Everyone has Kim was greeted by a sea of famous faces all in black and white attire. From Serena Williams to  Kathie Lee Gifford  take Eva Longoria and her boyfriend Eduardo Cruz. Also in attendance Demi Lovato from Sierra Levine and Lindsay ', 'famous faces all in black and white attire. From Serena Williams to Kathie Lee Gifford take Eva Longoria and her boyfriend Eduardo Cruz. Also in attendance -- Demi Lovato from Sierra -- Levine and Lindsay Lohan. The ', 'Reid says and -- -- Kelly -- but calls him big daddy Kathie Lee Gifford meanwhile called him out Regis. And -- to on the line up of cohosts Regis has had through -- years but no ', 'worry nothing will. But Around improbable on by NBC universal NBC ascent. This because you know when mr. haute and  Kathie Lee Gifford  I always in they were but the next thing. What I or capacity and at the news coming with it was a surprise that ', 'universal NBC ascent. This because you know when mr. -- haute and Kathie Lee Gifford I -- always in they were -- but the next thing. What I or capacity and -- -- -- at the news ', "hiring. The overbearing I was sitting in a really big hallway I was holding golf Plus impressions of AMD looks like  Kathie Lee Gifford  and the house car. You shouldn't have kind of casual girlfriend language is as uncomfortable reviews as it is ", "I was holding -- golf -- Plus impressions of AMD looks like Kathie Lee Gifford -- and the house car. You shouldn't have kind of casual girlfriend language is as uncomfortable reviews as it is for you ", "announcement at the start of Tuesday morning's Live with Regis and Kelly. Which is for a quarter century previously with  Kathie Lee Gifford . Will step down at the end of the summer. And wish I could do something to make the change mind. After working ", 'Regis and Kelly. Which is -- for a quarter century previously with Kathie Lee Gifford . Will step down at the end of the summer. And wish I could do something to make the change -- mind. After ', "paid a fraction of American wages. Protesters seem to be winning the battle of public opinion. In 1996 they made  Kathie Lee Gifford  by saying she was exploiting these young workers in Honduras who made her clothing line. I'm supposed to personally ", "to be winning the battle of public opinion. In 1996 they made Kathie Lee Gifford -- by saying she was exploiting these young workers in Honduras who made her clothing line. I'm supposed to -- personally responsible "]