["abbey. Game of thrones. Homeland. And mad men. Finally. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are --  kathy bates , harry's law. Glenn close, damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies ", "Finally. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are -- kathy bates , harry's law. Glenn close, damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies, the good wife. And elizabeth moss, mad men. ", "Friday Night Lights. Damon owns. The good wife and amendment. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are.  Kathy Bates  Harry's law. Connie Britton Friday Night Lights. the killing. targets say law and order special victims unit ", "and amendment. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Kathy Bates Harry's law. Connie Britton Friday Night Lights. -- -- the killing. -- targets say law and order special victims unit. Julianna Margulies ", "not I think that was that was about. It's a real man show you all tour and you live shows with your fellow comedian  Kathy Bates  do you ever get sick of each other. You know actually this is the only group of people I've ever worked with where ", "-- you all tour and you live shows with your fellow comedian Kathy Bates do you ever get sick of each other. You know actually this is the only group of people I've ever worked with ", "loving giving directions but aunt Tennyson and kind of tell us who've now been. when we've gotten that to name  Kathy Bates . Could face fetish had been on the Titanic it wouldn't assign legal rights. she got here 180 yeah she wobbled over ", "us who've now been. -- when we've gotten that -- to name Kathy Bates . Could face fetish -- had been on the Titanic it wouldn't assign legal rights. -- she got -- here 180 yeah she ", 'Before she met My Cousin Acquaintances. Marisa Tomei met her fairy godmother on as the world turns thirty yeah.  Kathy Bates  got a head start on misery. By giving some to Erica Kane on all my children and But the starting young award goes to ', 'Tomei met her fairy godmother on as the world turns thirty yeah. Kathy Bates got a head start on misery. By giving some to Erica Kane on all my children and -- But the starting young ', 'gain in this remake by the actor Keanu Reeves on familiar ground as an alien Jennifer Connolly playing a scientist and  Kathy Bates  appearing as the secretary of defense overall just looking cash hefty paychecks. Lines are meant to be serious were ', 'on familiar ground as an alien Jennifer Connolly playing a scientist and Kathy Bates appearing as the secretary of defense -- overall just looking -- cash hefty paychecks. Lines are meant to be serious were greeted ']