['be the first. And the only." The couple married six years later and have been together ever since.  Kathie Lee Gifford Kathie Lee Gifford  waited until she was married to have sex, but she wrote in her 1993 book , "I Can\'t Believe I Said ', 'interview about their reality show "Harry Loves Lisa," when Hamilin got a call from their security company. Hosts  Kathie Lee Gifford  and Hoda Kotbe gasped while Hamilin detailed the damages. Rachel Bilson Former "The O.C." star Rachel Bilson ', "Astrid Stawiarz;Jason Merritt/Getty Images  Kathie Lee Gifford  is backing up her stepdaughter Victoria Gifford Kennedy's claim that Conor Kennedy and Taylor Swift crashed Victoria's daughter's ", "In addition to all the Kennedys in attendance, the bride's grandfather, NFL star Frank Gifford, and his wife  Kathie Lee Gifford  were present. Taylor, who's 22, and Conor, who's 18, have been dating for only a few weeks, and they've ", 'against each other in bids to host the show solo. Fake news reports from Steve Kroft of CBS\'s "60 Minutes" and  Kathie Lee Gifford  and Hoda Kotb of NBC\'s "Today" gave the opening a real-life feel. President Obama himself made a cameo, signing ', "Martin Short: 'No Ill Will Intended' by Kathie Lee Gifford  with Marriage Questions", "Martin Short isn't upset with  Kathie Lee Gifford  for asking him about his late wife on the Today show Wednesday. Gifford, not realizing that Short's wife, Nancy Dolman, died ", 'Kathie Lee Gifford  had a very awkward moment with Martin Short on the Today show Wednesday, when she complimented him on his marriage, not realizing ', 'Kim Kardashian Cashes In Big on Wedding to Kris Humphries With Deals, Steals and Gifts', "Saturday too, all dressed in black-and-white, per strict instructions from the bride. Among the guests were  Kathie Lee Gifford , a close friend of Kardashian's mom, Kris Jenner, as well as Justin Bieber, Christina Aguilera, Serena Williams ", 'showed Lowe a 1983 clip from "Good Morning America" of a then 19-year-old actor appearing in an interview with  Kathie Lee Gifford . "What\'s it like for you, Rob, all of a sudden being turned into this teen idol?" Gifford asked. "It\'s ', "Gilly to the overbearing Penelope. She's also garnered attention for her hilarious impressions of such TV divas as  Kathie Lee Gifford , Julie Chen and Suze Orman, and politicians Nancy Pelosi and Michele Bachmann. Along with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler ", 'hours of live TV. Every day so we we had our fair share of awkward you make a mistake everybody TV does this put  Kathie Lee Gifford . On the today yesterday really had a rough ride years is interviewing Marjorie was there promoting. His new project ', 'awkward -- -- you make a mistake everybody TV does this put Kathie Lee Gifford . On the today -- yesterday really had a rough ride years is interviewing Marjorie was there promoting. His new project and. Police ', 'arm. Everyone has Kim was greeted by a sea of famous faces all in black and white attire. From Serena Williams to  Kathie Lee Gifford  take Eva Longoria and her boyfriend Eduardo Cruz. Also in attendance Demi Lovato from Sierra Levine and Lindsay ', 'famous faces all in black and white attire. From Serena Williams to Kathie Lee Gifford take Eva Longoria and her boyfriend Eduardo Cruz. Also in attendance -- Demi Lovato from Sierra -- Levine and Lindsay Lohan. The ', 'Reid says and -- -- Kelly -- but calls him big daddy Kathie Lee Gifford meanwhile called him out Regis. And -- to on the line up of cohosts Regis has had through -- years but no ', 'worry nothing will. But Around improbable on by NBC universal NBC ascent. This because you know when mr. haute and  Kathie Lee Gifford  I always in they were but the next thing. What I or capacity and at the news coming with it was a surprise that ', 'universal NBC ascent. This because you know when mr. -- haute and Kathie Lee Gifford I -- always in they were -- but the next thing. What I or capacity and -- -- -- at the news ', "hiring. The overbearing I was sitting in a really big hallway I was holding golf Plus impressions of AMD looks like  Kathie Lee Gifford  and the house car. You shouldn't have kind of casual girlfriend language is as uncomfortable reviews as it is ", "I was holding -- golf -- Plus impressions of AMD looks like Kathie Lee Gifford -- and the house car. You shouldn't have kind of casual girlfriend language is as uncomfortable reviews as it is for you "]