['With our nationwide network of car dealers, you can find internet specials, clearance offers, and overstock deals where available.', 'Top 5 Full-Sized Trucks of 2012 America is the Land of the Free & Home of the Brave. You have the freedom to make your own destiny, and enjoy the fruits of your own labor. With all its faults, America is still the best place to live, because you can...Read More', "The Green Roundup: Top 5 Most Interesting 2012 Hybrids Hybrid vehicles work like this; You pay a lot of money to buy one, then it rewards you with super-high gas mileage, which supposedly lets you recoup the additional cost of buying the hybrid in the first place. Now, the jury's...Read More", 'Crossing Over: The Most Popular CUV\'s of 2012 A "crossover" is essentially an SUV body, bolted to a car chassis. It\'s designed to drive like a heavy car, providing occupants with a smooth ride, and plenty of room. A concession to rising gas prices, and increased customer sophistication, the crossover...Read More', "2012 Sports Car Roundup Sports cars are for interesting people. They're low, swoopy, and loud. They march to the beat of their own drum, and it sounds like John Bonham is playing. To own a sports car, you must be able to love life.  Sporting automobiles come in many...Read More", ' Buying a car Vs. Leasing a car  We\'ve all seen those super-low lease rates on TV. "Get a 2012 Wiz Bang SE for only $299 per month!!!", then the disclaimer voice cuts in, telling you that you that this deal is only for "well-qualified customers with $69,000...Read More', " Financing a car: What are my options?  When buying a car, you have three options: pay cash, get a loan, or lease. So let's look at each option in detail, that way you can decide which option is best for you.  Cash  Obviously, buying a...Read More", ' How to buy a car  Many people view buying a car with a certain amount of dread. They assume that every car dealer is "out to get them", and they approach the negotiation process as if they were going to war. But in reality, all you have...Read More', ' New vs. Used: Which Type of Car is Right For You?  "New cars lose half their value in the first year"  "Buying a used car is like buying somebody else\'s problems"  These are just some of the arguments that have been made in this age-old...Read More']