['at Lear\'s birthday event. "I don\'t find it engaging or interesting, and I don\'t tune in much." Actress  Kathleen Turner , who attended Lear\'s event as a board member of his progressive political group, said "everyone is too afraid ', 'film "Hairspray," and starred in John Waters\' "Cry Baby," opposite Johnny Depp and "Serial Mom," alongside  Kathleen Turner , and many other films. Lake produced of the critically-acclaimed documentary, "The Business of Being Born ', "Allen's twin. Louisiana Senator Mary Landrieu :  Kathleen Turner  One thing the BP saga needs: more women. Louisiana would resonate that much more in the throaty drawl of  Kathleen Turner  , who gets whatever (and whomever) she wants on ", "Four Reasons They Became Mega Movie Hits V Magazine's Curvy Models Signal '10 Trend: Size Issue as Nonissue  Kathleen Turner : Relishing Raunch in a New Era Top 15 Most Jaw-Dropping Revelations From Tracy Morgan Britney Spears Flashes Privates ", 'always a sex symbol. To be sure,  Kathleen Turner  today looks a lot different from Sue Collini, I thought \'Oh,  Kathleen Turner ,\'" he said. "And when you\'re doing TV, you think  Kathleen Turner  and you end up with someone far ', 'adding bulk to the lanky frame he displayed in "Swingers." Women, on the other hand, haven\'t been so lucky.  Kathleen Turner , 54, who once played leading roles in "Body Heat" and "War of the Roses," has rarely been seen on screen since ', 'underdiagnosed or undertreated and can be disabling."  Kathleen Turner : Rheumatoid Arthritis and Wyeth In 2002, the media got wind that film legend  Kathleen Turner \'s campaign for rheumatoid arthritis was underwritten ', '15-March 1, offers two-for-one discounts for such limited-engagement shows asThe Third Story, starring  Kathleen Turner , as well as such long-running standards as Stomp and Altar Boyz. The city has also extended its winter Restaurant ', 'She\'ll be the first female to take that honor. Among her performances, she hurtled down a 200-foot cliff for  Kathleen Turner  in "Romancing the Stone." "I went headfirst down I had a mouthful of rocks and dirt," Epper said. She started ', 'She\'ll be the first female to take that honor. Among her performances, she hurtled down a 200-foot cliff for  Kathleen Turner  in "Romancing the Stone." "I went headfirst down. I had a mouthful of rocks and dirt," Epper said. She started ', "stage legendary leading lady  Kathleen Turner . She's done romance she's this appearance on friends.  Kathleen Turner  is about to surprise us again thought no nonsense. That is right  Kathleen Turner  is sister Jamison Connolly in ", "the leading ladies of the screen in the stage legendary leading lady Kathleen Turner . She's done romance she's done thriller she's -- comedies but the one thing she says she never wants to do. Is be. ", "-- And unexpected characters like this appearance on friends. -- -- -- Kathleen Turner is about to surprise us again. The two time Tony nominee is returning to the Broadway stage to play a tough talking -- -- I thought -- no nonsense. -- That is right Kathleen Turner is -- sister Jamison Connolly in the new play called high. It's about a non who tries to help in nineteen year old meth addict she joins us here now live good morning good moaning we should not you know your kid to goma now -- -- -- I would -- reverend shortly as -- and found now recovering alcoholic none yes well I mean if you -- man next door -- next door right well you need if you want a new none go to Kathleen Turner . You know you have defined the -- -- is hot sweet -- of boys with your. Essence with your brain for many ", "flipped my money it's a lot easier. It honey I'm a popular film divorcing couple yeah played by Michael Douglas and  Kathleen Turner  both his house. Nancy recollections of her abusive marriage to strengthen far cry from the life she imagined for ", 'film -- -- -- divorcing couple yeah played by Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner both his house. Nancy -- recollections of her abusive marriage to strengthen -- far cry from the life she imagined for herself ', "to him about accord. Chances are you already know this woman you just don't know that you know. Remember when  Kathleen Turner  hurtled down a cliff in romancing the stone. It was like 200. Feet straight down now. Let's head first down ", "know this woman you just don't know that you know. Remember when Kathleen Turner hurtled down a cliff in romancing the stone. It was like 200. Feet straight down now. Let's head first down. So I "]