['With our nationwide network of Honda car dealers, you can find internet specials, clearance offers, and overstock deals where available.', "2013 Honda Lineup  When you think Honda, you probably think of cars like the Accord, or the Civic. It was the popularity of these two iconic cars that helped cement Honda's place in the automotive world. So let's see how they're shaping up for 2013, along with the rest...Read More", "2013 Honda Accord  While it may appear dimensionally and stylistically the same as the 2012 model. The 2013 Honda Accord is actually an entirely new design. From the engines, to the rearview mirror, Honda completely rethought its perennial best seller. They didn't make any drastic moves with the styling,...Read More", "2013 Honda Civic  Redesigning a fan favorite like the Honda Civic takes special planning and consideration. There's a list of features and experiences that the new car must possess, in order to remain true to the brand. Miss a beat, and the fans will boo immediately. Remember the great...Read More", "2013 Honda CR-V  The Honda CR-V was launched during the height of the SUV craze, and most people (in this country) scoffed at its lack of size and 'truck-ish-ness'. Honda's pint-size purse-mobile was front wheel drive, it was powered by a 4-cylinder, and there was even a built-in picnic...Read More", ' Buying a car Vs. Leasing a car  We\'ve all seen those super-low lease rates on TV. "Get a 2012 Wiz Bang SE for only $299 per month!!!", then the disclaimer voice cuts in, telling you that you that this deal is only for "well-qualified customers with $69,000...Read More', " Financing a car: What are my options?  When buying a car, you have three options: pay cash, get a loan, or lease. So let's look at each option in detail, that way you can decide which option is best for you.  Cash  Obviously, buying a...Read More", ' How to buy a car  Many people view buying a car with a certain amount of dread. They assume that every car dealer is "out to get them", and they approach the negotiation process as if they were going to war. But in reality, all you have...Read More', ' New vs. Used: Which Type of Car is Right For You?  "New cars lose half their value in the first year"  "Buying a used car is like buying somebody else\'s problems"  These are just some of the arguments that have been made in this age-old...Read More']