['(Photo Credit: Albert L. Ortega/Getty Images)  Kat Von D  and DJ Deadmau5 will not be saying "I do" after all. The tattoo artist, 31, and DJ Deadmau5 (his real name is Joel Zimmerman ', 'star Janine Lindemulder, mother of Sunny. His first wife, Karla James, whom he met before he became a popular television personality, is the mother of his two sons. James broke off his engagement to tattoo artist  Kat Von D  in September 2011.', 'do" for James, who got divorced from Sandra Bullock in June, 2010, amid reports of his infidelity. He was also married to tattooed porn star Janine Lindemulder. James broke off his engagement to tattoo artist  Kat Von D  in September 2011.', 'is there ... with a lawsuit against  Kat Von D . TMZ.com reports the reality TV star fire was caused by several candles that  Kat Von D  lit inside the home. The lawsuit notes it covered. State Farm is now asking  Kat Von D  to compensate it in full because she allegedly ', 'tattoo model Michelle "Bombshell" McGee became public. James later moved on and planned to marry fellow tattoo aficionado,  Kat Von D . But that relationship also hit the skids. According to a note posted on Facebook by Von D, James cheated on her with 19 ', 'television stars Jesse James and  Kat Von D  are back together after they Von D, whose full name is  Katherine Von Drachenberg , apologized not for walking Jason LaVeris/Getty Images  Kat Von D  Last August, the reality star ', 'When Jesse James hooked up with  Kat Von D  , the two seemed like a perfect Von D, whose full name is  Katherine Von Drachenberg , apologized not for walking Jason LaVeris/Getty Images  Kat Von D  Last August, the reality star ', 'lately, it seems, they\'re happening more often than usual.  Kat Von D  stormed off the set of "Good Day L.A." this week when walk-offs in recent TV history: John M. Heller/Getty Images  Kat Von D  vs. \'Good Day L.A.\' Rule No. 1 of talk show appearances ', 'professionally, and prepares for his soon-to-be fourth marriage to  Kat Von D . The star of TLC\'s reality series, "L.A. Ink," she James says in the past he\'s had trust issues. But with  Kat von D  he said, "She\'s like 100 percent the first woman that I\'ve ', "Jesse James Says He Doesn't Talk to Sandra Bullock and Not Seeing Their Adopted Son Has Been 'Painful'", 'professionally, and prepares for his soon-to-be fourth marriage to  Kat Von D . The star of TLC\'s reality series, "L.A. Ink," she James says in the past he\'s had trust issues. But with  Kat von D  he said, "She\'s like 100 percent the first woman that I\'ve ', "the agencies in those crazy kids. Yeah she caught up in Asia well that's why. They're back. LA LA ink has been canceled like TLC but it posted on Twitter separate photos of themselves. Make it out it now to safe and that jeans and a step further and added the captions but at the end of the day", "comment at all we haven't heard anything just yet that I am surely well we've certainly heard a lot from Jesse James and  Kat Von D . at the for the past few weeks actually they've been tweeting up a storm. With all of these W taxed. I'm so it's let's ", "am surely well we've certainly heard a lot from Jesse James and Kat Von D . at the for the past few weeks actually they've been tweeting up a storm. With all of these -- W taxed. I'm ", "Let's turn out of the latest buzz from the issue of us weekly we're so happy to have Kelly Marie is back with us Kelly great for being here so let's don't cover story out. Jesse James. And the he's marrying cap on it. His final insult the sand and she couldn't find out before announced she found", "these days Jesse James and his girlfriend tell us about what's going on here. Jesse James has stepped out very publicly with  Kat Von D . who is a tattoo artist and they have been all over town me. Went to her opening of her gallery in LA they've been in Austin ", 'going on here. -- Jesse James has stepped out very publicly with Kat Von D . who is a tattoo artist and they have been all over town me. Went to her opening of her gallery in LA ', "I RE AM good thanks so let's start with Jesse James and  Kat Von D . we've heard they were spotted together over the weekend mean a hot story right now on I gotta tell you I know what  Kat Von D . stands for its can't tell what is really she was seen all ", "I RE AM good thanks so let's start with Jesse James and Kat Von D . we've heard they were spotted together over the weekend that you -- up. -- what's the latest. I mean a hot story right now on I gotta tell you I know what Kat Von D . stands for its -- can't tell -- what is really -- -- she was seen all last weekend in Vegas -- Jesse ", "out we have levels you know sometimes it doesn't always happen the way you planet exactly arts and now we know Jesse James  Kat Von D . and they called off the engagement. And we've kind of been here a little bit from both sides and let the same time they're ", "the way you planet exactly arts and now we know Jesse James Kat Von D . and they called off the engagement. And we've kind of been here a little bit from both sides and let the same ", 'Johansson. With him briefly dated Sean Penn. Ryan Reynolds reportedly Sandra Bullock whose acts Jesse changed split with  Kat Von D . Got if you need an update the and after the show. Perhaps no other Hollywood this year got more attention. And reality ', 'Ryan Reynolds reportedly -- Sandra Bullock whose acts Jesse changed split with Kat Von D . Got -- if you need an update the -- and after the show. Perhaps no other Hollywood -- this year got more ']