['Pakistani security members are pictured at the site of suicide car bombing in the southern city of Sukkur on Wednesday.', 'Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- At least seven people are dead after assailants attacked a compound housing senior government officials, including those of the Pakistani intelligence services, a first responder and a security official told CNN Wednesday.', 'Earlier, the security official had told CNN that two attackers were killed in the attack on the compound in the town of Sukkur, in Sindh province, but that number conflicted with additional reporting CNN has gathered.', 'It was not immediately clear what the breakdown was of civilians and attackers killed.', "The security official, however, said that a suicide bombing occurred and was followed by a gun and grenade attack. In addition to housing Pakistani security offices, it also includes judges' homes and police housing.", 'Suicide bombers rammed an explosives-laden car into the building, the official said, and others went into the compound and carried out the gun and grenade attack.', 'Mohammed Urif, in charge of ambulance services, said rescuers have transported 35 to 40 injured people to nearby hospitals.', '"It seems the blasts were targeting the Barrage Colony compound where the ISI offices are," said Deputy Inspector General in Sukkur Javed Odho, referring to Pakistan\'s intelligence agency. "Police have cordoned off the area, and we are working toward conducting an investigation."', 'In a news release, Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif condemned the attack. The statement said that he "prayed to Allah Almighty to bless the departed souls with eternal peace and grant courage to their families to bear the loss with fortitude." He was also praying for the recovery of the injured, it read.', 'Geo TV in Pakistan covered the blasts, showing video of rubble. It reported that the attack injured 35 people.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]