['Save Money - Get the Best Possible Price On Thousands Of Local Vehicles by Seeing Which Dealers May Offer Clearance Pricing, Discounts, or Special Deals.', 'Honda has been manufacturing safe, affordable and dependable vehicles for years. The founder, Soichiro Honda, had an unrelenting interest in automobiles from childhood. Soichiro was a natural engineer and got his start by building pistons for Toyota. Unfortunately, gasoline shortages during World War II rendered cars virtually useless. Honda began a new venture. This time it was a bicycle with an engine attached. After a great deal of marketing, Honda produced his first motorcycle which birthed The Honda Motor Company.', 'Honda\'s slogan is the "Power of Dreams" and with fuel efficiency and dependability they certainly supply customers with exactly that. Honda currently employs over 200,000 employees and is a Fortune 500 company. They currently manufacture a wide variety of vehicles in the U.S.A. and abroad.', 'Honda has kept their focus on what customers expect from them: sleek, sophisticated, fuel-efficient options. From their stylish sporty coupes to their sedans and all the way to their mini-vans; every Honda is a unique automobile that makes its presence known out on the road.', "Honda has several different models for 2012. From the redesigned Civic to a new model of the cherished Accord, and all of the models developed and more recent years; Honda's commitment to quality is unwavering. ", 'Hybrids and sporty coupes like the Crosstour, CR-Z, FCX Clarity, Fit and Insight are all built with with fuel economy and reliability as a primary focus. ', "Honda's crossover SUVs, Ridgeline and the time-honored Odyssey are both spacious and full of the technological luxuries that customers demand. The CR - V, Pilot, Odyssey and Ridgeline have stylish exteriors and roomy interiors with safety features of the highest standard.", 'Honda Motors is known for their commitment to safety and dependability. The new models are testaments to their sustained manufacturing excellence and devotion to keeping drivers safe. ']