['Wearing a simple but elegant short, strapless tulle dress, actress  Keira Knightley  said "oui" to musician James Righton in a low-key, intimate wedding ceremony in southern France Saturday. The 28-year-old ', 'Collection) Matthew Macfadyen took a stab at playing Mr. Darcy in the 2005 adaption of "Pride & Prejudice," opposite  Keira Knightley . The film was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture - Comedy or Musical. (YouTube) Daniel Vincent ', "Where are Mexico's Independent, Innovative Filmmakers? At the Morelia Film Festival", "screening at Morelia and opening in the U.S. this month is Anna Karenina by British Filmmaker Joe Wright, with  Keira Knightley  in the titular role. This is a cinematic version of the 19th century Russian literature classic. And finally there's ", 'Chanel Brad Pitt has joined the likes of Marilyn Monroe,  Keira Knightley  and Nicole Kidman by becoming a spokesman for Chanel. Pitt, 48, is appearing in both commercial and print ads for the perfume ', "print on this date in 1952. 9:43 a.m. ET Chanel's New Face Brad Pitt has joined the likes of Marilyn Monroe,  Keira Knightley  and Nicole Kidman by becoming a spokesman for Chanel. Pitt, 48, who is appearing in both a commercial and print ", 'Hollywood Education and Literacy Project, he\'s responsible for bringing the technique to students nationwide.  Keira Knightley Keira Knightley  battled her dyslexia in order to get her first agent. The "Pirates of the Caribbean" actress told the UK\'s ', 'Mike Marsland/Getty Images British actress  Keira Knightley  is the latest Hollywood star set to say "I do." The "Pirates of the Caribbean" star is engaged to marry her musician boyfriend ', "Keira Knightley  might be doing it. Everyone thought Ashton Kutcher did it -- but it turns out he didn't. And it's pretty obvious the singer ", 'and Jason Schwartzman in "Scott Pilgram vs. the World." Carey Mulligan Four years after her first movie role as  Keira Knightley \'s giddy sister in "Pride and Prejudice," Carey Mulligan, 24, was the buzz of Sundance, thanks to her Oscar-nominated ', 'Phillips told ABCNews.com. The 24-year-old English actress made her film debut in "Pride & Prejudice" with  Keira Knightley  but it was her role as an English schoolgirl growing up in the 1960s in "An Education" that has won over the critics ', 'distinguished cast members as one of the youngest actresses nominated for best supporting actress for her role as  Keira Knightley \'s young sister Briony Tallis in 2007\'s "Atonement." Jackson even credits 15-year-old Ronan with playing a ', 'Her breakout role was playing Kitty Bennet, one of  Keira Knightley \'s little sisters, in 2005\'s "Pride & Prejudice Ishiguro, is directed by Mark Romanek and also stars  Keira Knightley  and Andrew Garfield. The relative ease with which ', 'PSA designed to scare teens straight about texting and driving showed an incredibly violent car crash. And actress  Keira Knightley  put on one of her best performances in a disturbing PSA about domestic violence. But are these shocking PSA messages ', 'digital body enhancement Hollywood has still listen  Keira Knightley . Did not like the fact that they were not Alter her few swift strokes of the digital effects artist.  Keira Knightley  before and Keira after noticing thank goodness what ', 'in Hollywood speaks out against digital body enhancement Hollywood has still listen Keira Knightley . Did not like the fact that they were not Alter her publicity photos for upcoming film the duchess. And give her more ', 'cup. Thanks to a few swift strokes of the digital effects artist. Keira Knightley before and Keira -- after noticing thank goodness what is your sense of why the industry does things like that. For the ', 'and she abruptly went from an eight cup to a C cup. He thinks refused swift strokes of the digital effects artist.  Keira Knightley  before Karen after notice anything the what is your sense of why the industry does things like that. the fact that ', 'C cup. He thinks refused swift strokes of the digital effects artist. Keira Knightley before Karen -- after notice anything the what is your sense of why the industry does things like that. -- the fact ', "Keira when you talk about her they're almost too many avenues to flattery you have her looks you ever what I like best her versatility. As an actor no wonder you've got an Oscar nomination the new film is atonement. I have to tell you it is such an interesting story you start off three characters", 'You fall in love young turner with the well heeled  Keira Knightley  but then comes the buck. This will be what happens gonna see it again. The kiss. Comes across strong  Keira Knightley  was here yesterday she says you may be the best she ', 'is unrealized. You fall in love young turner with the well heeled Keira Knightley but then comes the buck. This will be what happens. This is releasing hostilities -- hostility of love groaned in two incredibly. ', "but he's never gonna see it again. The kiss. Comes across strong Keira Knightley was here yesterday she says you may be the best -- she ever worked with tour with some big -- -- Depp ", 'do" than ever. With every celebrity wedding a new trend is born. With jessica biel\'s pretty in pink gown with  keira knightley \'s short and sassy number. While these a-list frocks are fun for inspiration they\'re not friendly to the pocket ', "new trend is born. With jessica biel's pretty in pink gown with keira knightley's short and sassy number. While these a-list frocks are fun for inspiration they're not friendly to the pocket of book. Now target ", "with this black ensemble that  keira knightley  war so well. When you talk about nominated for two other joe wright  keira knightley  productions. So, she's on black taffeta ensemble. And  keira knightley  is not even here and it looks ", 'museum-quality costu costumes. I want to start with this black ensemble that keira knightley war so well. When you talk about what they did for this movie, they took the idea of 19th century russia AND ', "is her third nomination. She's been nominated for two other joe wright keira knightley productions. So, she's on a roll. And they work incredibly well together. The best part is they can talk and work through ", "ensemble and these jewels. This is a deep purple/black taffeta ensemble. And keira knightley is not even here and it looks like she's standing here right now. It's incredible. These have been on tour. Not easy "]