['Configure a vehicle the way you want - from colors to options - and get a Net Price.', 'Compare a Ford model to the competition based on an independent automotive information resource.', 'Sign up for emails that keep you in the loop about new vehicles, technologies, offers and more.', 'Browse the showroom of Ford Certified Pre-Owned vehicles for selection, features and value.', 'Visit the Ford Credit site for complete information on all your purchase and leasing options.', 'Start off by clicking one of the buttons below. Signing in will allow you to access your saved items from other computers and browsers.', 'If you choose not to sign-in, your saved items will be only accessible on this computer and browser. Click', 'Saved items from inactive accounts will be deleted after six months. Vehicle pricing and availability are subject to change from the date of a saved item.', 'Your item has been saved. You can view My Saved Items anytime by clicking on "Concierge" above.', 'Your My Saved Items account is full. To save additional items, you must delete a saved item.', '*Fusion Hybrid EPA-estimated rating of 47 city/47 hwy/47 combined mpg. Focus SE with SFE package EPA-estimated rating of 28 city/40 hwy/ 33 combined mpg. Actual mileage will vary.', 'In addition, some vehicles, trims or options you select may not qualify for AXZ Plans.', 'Contact your local dealer to determine their level of participation in the Program and final vehicle pricing.', 'If you close your window or tab, you must re-access the site through the AXZ Plan Pricing website to ensure that', 'all eligible plan pricing is visible. If you need additional information concerning the AXZ Plans, please refer', 'AXZ Plan pricing, including AXZ Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees,', 'friends and family-members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners. Restrictions apply.', 'See your Ford or Lincoln dealer for complete details and qualifications. Ford Motor Company reserves the right', 'See our newest vehicles, product updates and news about offers and more. Just complete the fields below to get information from Ford.', '  * First Name     * Last Name     Company Name     * Address     * City     * State   -- Select a State -- ALABAMA ALASKA ARIZONA ARKANSAS CALIFORNIA COLORADO CONNECTICUT DELAWARE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FLORIDA GEORGIA HAWAII IDAHO ILLINOIS INDIANA IOWA KANSAS KENTUCKY LOUISIANA MAINE MARYLAND MASSACHUSETTS MICHIGAN MINNESOTA MISSISSIPPI MISSOURI MONTANA NEBRASKA NEVADA NEW HAMPSHIRE NEW JERSEY NEW MEXICO NEW YORK NORTH CAROLINA NORTH DAKOTA OHIO OKLAHOMA OREGON PENNSYLVANIA RHODE ISLAND SOUTH CAROLINA SOUTH DAKOTA TENNESSEE TEXAS UTAH VERMONT VIRGINIA WASHINGTON WEST VIRGINIA WISCONSIN WYOMING    * ZIP Code     * E-mail     * Confirm E-mail   ', ' When do you plan to acquire your new vehicle?   0-30 days   1-3 months   4-6 months   7+ months   No Definite Plans  ', 'We will never share your personal information with non-affiliated third parties. For information on how we protect your privacy,', 'Starting MSRP excludes destination/delivery charge, taxes, title and registration. Optional equipment not included. Starting A, Z and X Plan price is for qualified, eligible customers and excludes document fee, destination/delivery charge. taxes, title and registration. Not all vehicles qualify for A, Z or X Plan.', 'EPA-estimated city/hwy mpg. See fueleconomy.gov for fuel economy of other engine/transmission combinations. Actual mileage will vary.', 'Option/Package price based on Manufacturers Suggest Retail Price,or A, Z, or X PLan price for qualified, eligible A, Z, or X Plan customers excluding taxes.', 'The Estimated Selling Price of vehicle less cash back, rebates, and net trade in allowance. It does not include amounts for fees, sales tax, service contracts, etc. Consult your dealer for actual price and complete details.', 'Special APR offers applied to Estimated Selling Price. Special APR offers require Ford Credit Financing. Not all buyers will qualify. See dealer for qualifications and complete details.', 'Special Lease offers applied to Estimated Capitalized Cost. Special Lease offers require Ford Credit Financing. Not all buyers will qualify. See dealer for qualifications and complete details.', 'EPA-estimated Fiesta SE with SFE Package; Focus SE with SFE Package. Actual mileage may vary. See fueleconomy.gov for details.', 'For Dealer Ordered vehicles, the vehicle has already been ordered by the dealer and is in the process of being manufactured by the factory. If you are interested in the vehicle marked "Dealer Ordered", contact the dealership for a delivery estimate.', 'Based on Ford drive-cycle tests of comparably equipped 2011/2012 Ford and 2011/2012 competitive models. Class is Full-Size Pickups over 8,500 lbs. GVWR.', 'SYNC is available on most Ford vehicles. Features/functionality vary by vehicle/model. Driving while distracted can result in loss of vehicle control. Only use SYNC/MyFord Touch/other devices, even with voice commands, when it is safe to do so. Some features may be locked out while the vehicle is in gear. Traffic alerts and turn-by-turn directions available in select markets. Not all features are compatible with all phones. Message and data rates may apply.', "The vehicle's electrical system (including the battery), the wireless service provider's signal and a connected mobile phone must all be available and operating for 911 Assist to function properly. These systems may become damaged in a crash. The paired mobile phone must be connected to SYNC, and the 911 Assist feature enabled, in order for 911 to be dialed. When the feature is ON, 911 Assist uses your paired and connected mobile phone to assist occupants to contact emergency services by dialing 911 if your airbag deploys or, on certain vehicles, if the emergency fuel pump shut-off is activated.", 'Complimentary three-year subscription for owners of new vehicles equipped with the service. Subscription fees may apply after three years. Traffic alerts and turn-by-turn directions available in select markets. Message and data rates may apply.', 'Optional. SiriusXM Satellite Radio, Traffic and Travel Link subscriptions sold separately or as a package after trial expires. SiriusXM Traffic and Travel Link service available in select markets. Subscriptions are governed by SiriusXM Customer Agreement; see www.siriusxm.com. Sirius U.S. Satellite Service available in the 48 contiguous states and D.C. Sirius, XM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc.', 'Optional Ford Work Solutions. Available on F-Series, E-Series, Transit Connect and Super Duty. Some features unavailable while driving.', "Remember that even advanced technology cannot overcome the laws of physics. It's always possible to lose control of a vehicle due to inappropriate driver input for the conditions.", '911 Assist, VHR, SYNC Services and AppLink not available on Transit Connect. Driving while distracted can result in loss of vehicle control. Only use mobile phones and other devices, even with voice commands, when it is safe to do so.', 'SYNC AppLink is available on select models and compatible with select smartphone platforms. Commands may vary by phone and Applink software.', '20 Operator Assist sessions included with each one-year paid/complimentary SYNC Services subscription. Fees apply for additional sessions. See syncmyride.com.', 'EPA-estimated 17 city/25 hwy/20 combined mpg, AWD. Actual mileage may vary. Figures achieved using premium unleaded gasoline.', 'All prices are manufactures suggested retail prices and exclude destination/delivery charge, taxes, title and registration. Optional equipment not included. Prices may not reflect all equipment shown in images. Dealers are the best source for up-to-date pricing.', ' Ford reserves the right to change product specifications at any time without incurring obligations']