["Actress discusses what she believes were contributing factors to Jett Travolta's autism.", "Out of  Kelly Preston  she slimmed down to less than she weighed Hollywood's hottest But we're the  Kelly Preston  has been married to John Travolta for bundle of joy of how she lost that  Kelly Preston  lord Rama Indians went into the picture ", "Out of Kelly Preston she slimmed down to less than she weighed before she was blessed to be pregnant says she has more energy than she did twenty years ago. She's here this morning to tell us how she shed those pounds with a little help from her friend -- particular first. She's half of one of Hollywood's hottest -- But we're the Kelly Preston has been married to John Travolta for twenty years together they are the essence of Hollywood glam he's really as a poster ", 'her latest bundle of joy of how she lost that -- -- Kelly Preston lord Rama Indians went into the picture with -- Kirstie -- your double trouble together cook and we I -- Fifth as ', "Kelly Preston  says that when she got pregnant the age of 48 she upper body would bounce secrets from celebrity moms brought to us from ABC's Andrea can't.  Kelly Preston  cheered on her best friend Kirstie Alley when she job her way to the ", "Kelly Preston says that when she got pregnant the age of 48 she -- -- upper body would bounce back. But not only -- she lost the baby weight she weighs less than she did before her pregnancy. -- some good advice from her good friend Kirstie Alley and this is one of the weight loss secrets from celebrity moms brought to us from ABC's Andrea can't. Kelly Preston cheered on her best friend Kirstie Alley when she -- job her way to the Dancing With The Stars finalists in season ", 'John Travolta and wife  Kelly Preston  have someone to be thankful for gave birth to their son Benjamin. On Tuesday the boy was born in hospital implored he weighed ', 'John Travolta and wife Kelly Preston have someone -- to be thankful for -- gave birth to their son Benjamin. On Tuesday the boy was born in hospital ', "Scientology's. For the smooth delivery. It's the first photo of baby Benjamin a child described by John Travolta and  Kelly Preston  as nothing less than a miracle. Travolta tells People Magazine for us it's been uplifting he's given house a renewed ", "first photo of baby Benjamin a child described by John Travolta and Kelly Preston as nothing less than a miracle. Travolta tells People Magazine for us it's been uplifting he's given -- house a renewed spirit ", "their prebaby weight. I think for most women, it puts pressure on them. Reporter: In december, robin sat down with  kelly preston  who spoke about her post baby battle to lose the weight. I'm not into the three to four weeks. I did it over the ", "it puts pressure on them. Reporter: In december, robin sat down with kelly preston who spoke about her post baby battle to lose the weight. I'm not into the three to four weeks. I did it ", "She is just a few month of turning fifty. But that isn't stopping  Kelly Preston  from having babies on the brain she recently told Amanda to net on the like ten series the conversation. But she would love to ", "just a few month -- of turning fifty. But that isn't stopping Kelly Preston from having babies on the brain she recently told Amanda to -- net -- on the like ten series the conversation. But ", 'marriage but these sidewalks are also paid the more than a few stars who found long lasting Warren city John Travolta and  Kelly Preston . Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson all members of the twenty year love. I would say Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson are probably ', 'long lasting -- Warren -- -- -- -- city John Travolta and Kelly Preston . Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson all members of the twenty year love. I would say Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson are probably ', "with his negotiating to reveal all of it tell all book they're saying that this could be a Mary gender for. Tim and  Kelly Preston  so. Who illegally all the details can really do believe all the accusations and come out I mean the pilot and help ", "they're saying that this could be a Mary gender for. Tim and Kelly Preston so. Who illegally all the details can really do believe all the accusations -- and come out I mean -- the pilot ", "For  Kelly Preston  John Travolta clan we'll start with the good news there had a baby do you know that. While they're there however there honey ", "For -- Kelly Preston John Travolta clan we'll start with the good news there had a baby do you know that. While they're there however there ", "so are welcome to support we'll see what happens all right let's move to like John Travolta we know he his wife  Kelly Preston  expecting baby boy baby. Equally food he said he's going to be called Benjamin engine he's be born at the end ", "right let's move to like John Travolta we know he his wife Kelly Preston expecting baby boy baby. Equally -- food he said he's going to be called Benjamin engine he's -- -- be born at ", 'her throat last Christmas. His second wife Denise has described a cycle of abuse. In 1990 his then fiancee actress  Kelly Preston  was accidentally shot in the arm handgun. And back in 1997. was convicted of battery with serious injuries after ', 'has described a cycle of abuse. In 1990 his then fiancee actress Kelly Preston was accidentally shot in the arm -- -- handgun. And back in 1997. -- was convicted of battery with serious injuries after ', "didn't we hear that they may be trying to have a baby now she's 47 is not right for seven years old as we know from  Kelly Preston  in his 47 announced her pregnancy. It's possible. And and are desperate to become parents actually really wants ", "47 is not right for seven years old as we know from Kelly Preston in his -- -- 47 announced her pregnancy. It's possible. And and -- are desperate to become parents actually really wants to ", "dogs were killed in every airport accident but at long last things are finally looking up for the man. John's wife  Kelly Preston  is three months If anything. And finally the most anticipated chick of the year hit theaters and less than seven day ", "long last things are finally looking up for the man. John's wife Kelly Preston is three months -- If anything. And finally the most anticipated chick -- of the year hit theaters and less than seven ", "second trimester NASA tapped its revenues We're seeing a trend here these celebrities in their forties having David  Kelly Preston  and John Travolta's wife she's pregnant. And He gets its when she talked about her miscarriage on Oprah she was ", "seeing a trend here these celebrities in their forties having David -- Kelly Preston and John Travolta's wife she's pregnant. And -- He gets -- -- -- its -- when she talked about her miscarriage on ", "Actor John Travolta and his wife actress  Kelly Preston  have decided not to continue with an appeal in the extortion was autistic and suffered seizures Travolta's wife  Kelly Preston  is now pregnant with the family's third child another ", "Actor John Travolta and his wife actress Kelly Preston have decided not to continue with an appeal in the extortion case relating to their son's death in the Bahamas. BBC's Matt ", "time publicly. That he son was autistic and suffered seizures Travolta's wife Kelly Preston is now pregnant with the family's third child another boy. -- -- November Preston has called him quote human baby. For Good ", "Equipment can go back you had not been fun beautiful they killed Jesus loves me this I know. And John Travolta and  Kelly Preston  and you know their interviewed. I'm all for audience who. Doesn't get much better doesn't get the benefit has ", "they killed Jesus loves me this I know. And John Travolta and Kelly Preston and you know their -- interviewed. I'm all for -- -- audience who. Doesn't get much better doesn't get the benefit has ", "happened whoever drives that we got a little taste of her acting chops let's roll a clip this is actually you. And  Kelly Preston  plays her mother yes. Film the last song take a look at. still not plant and not since the day left. who has. Well ", "acting chops let's roll a clip -- this is actually you. And Kelly Preston plays her mother yes. Film the last song take a look at. -- still not plant and not since the day left. ", "came into the center when you have IMAX. John Travolta  Kelly Preston  Priscilla Presley Lisa Marie and her winter Isaac Hayes denying us. Just last week John Travolta and his wife  Kelly Preston  and Tom Cruise where it's a major Scientology's ", 'who came into the center when you have -- IMAX. John Travolta Kelly Preston Priscilla Presley Lisa Marie and her winter Isaac Hayes and Tom Cruise. The Hubbard died in 1986. David missed damage became the ', "publicist obviously denying us. Just last week John Travolta and his wife Kelly Preston and Tom Cruise where it's a major Scientology's celebrations in England. We've already seen how Scientology's attracts celebrities. But what principles and ", "A devastating loss for actor John Travolta and his wife actress  Kelly Preston  their teenage son Jett died from a seizure today while the family was vacationing. In the Bahamas Travolta's attorney tells ", "A devastating loss for actor John Travolta and his wife actress Kelly Preston their teenage son Jett died from a seizure today while the family was vacationing. In the Bahamas Travolta's attorney tells ABC news "]