['nominee James Franco played a serial killer named Franco with psychotic glee. One of Franco\'s kidnap victims was  Kelly Monaco . "Playing with James Franco is like a kid in a candy store," Monaco said, laughing. Mark Teschner, the show\'s ', 'Derek Hough, Shawn Johnson, Val Chmerkovskiy and  Kelly Monaco  gave "GMA" the inside scoop on everything that really the question on everyone\'s mind about whether or not  Kelly Monaco  and Val Chmerkovskiy are heating things up behind-the-scenes ', 'gymnast Shawn Johnson took second place, and actress  Kelly Monaco  was third. The three women made it to the final three Johnson 30 points, for a two-night total of 87 points.  Kelly Monaco : The actress and Val Chmerkovskiy, her pro partner ', 'competitors Joey Fatone and Kym Johnson replacing finalists  Kelly Monaco  and Val Chmerkovskiy and Helio Castroneves and Chelsie the best dancer and has the most beautiful movements.  Kelly Monaco , in my opinion, is the most improved as a dancer and ', 'night. Melissa Rycroft and her partner Tony Dovolani landed at the top of the leaderboard with a perfect score of 60.  Kelly Monaco  and her partner Val Chmerkovskiy landed in second place with 59 points and Shawn Johnson and Derek Hough coming in a ', 'Shawn Johnson, Melissa Rycroft and  Kelly Monaco  battled it out tonight on "Dancing and viewer votes. First Routine  Kelly Monaco : The "General Hospital" star The \'Supersized\' Freestyles  Kelly Monaco : Monaco\'s freestyle featured ', "Johnson, Rycroft and Monaco Compete Tonight in 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Finals", "dancing competition's 15-season history. Olympian Shawn Johnson, TV personality Melissa Rycroft and soap opera star  Kelly Monaco  will make their bid for the championship tonight. They are among the show's first-ever cast of celebrity dancers ", 'members will fly out to the West Coast for Thanksgiving dinner. * "Dancing with the Stars: All-Stars" finalist  Kelly Monaco  won\'t load up on turkey at the dinner table, because she\'s a vegetarian. But, she adds, she\'ll eat "everything ', "Apolo Ohno, Emmitt Smith Voted Off 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' in Semifinals", 'here takes it over the top," he added. Following Monday night\'s semifinal performances , Smith and soap opera star  Kelly Monaco  were tied for last place on the leaderboard. Ohno, who got a perfect score for one of his two performances on Monday ', "Kirstie Alley and Gilles Marini Voted Off 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' in Week 8", 'cast and their pro partners! Returning next week to perform in the semi-finals are Olympian Apolo Ohno, actress  Kelly Monaco , NFL legend Emmitt Smith, Olympian Shawn Johnson and TV personality Melissa Rycroft. They will be dancing to styles ', 'Twitter @LouisvanAmstel . It felt absolutely amazing to be part of the trio dances Monday night , especially dancing with  Kelly Monaco  and Val Chmerkovskiy. Since the first season of "Dancing" I have wanted to dance with Kelly and finally, after seven ', "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: In Week of Military Tributes, Trio Dances, Melissa Rycroft Reigns", 'all-star cast and their pro partners!  Kelly Monaco : The "General Hospital" star\'s The actress earned 24 points.  Kelly Monaco : Joined by pro dancer Louis Van combined total of 93.5 points.  Kelly Monaco : 28; 28.5. Added to last week\'s ', 'judges that Melissa Rycroft and Tony Dovolani proved to be the fittest and danced from beginning to end. I truly hope  Kelly Monaco  is fine because she totally face-planted during rehearsals falling from an over head lift. (Be careful Val ', 'Melissa Rycroft,  Kelly Monaco  and Shawn Johnson are put to test in "Two to Tango."', 'you. And the winner. James franco was on the show playing a serial killer obsessed with leading lady sam played by  kelly monaco  and wasn\'t the only movie star to stop by "general hospital." Thank you for interrupting your honeymoon to come ', 'show playing a serial killer obsessed with leading lady sam played by kelly monaco and wasn\'t the only movie star to stop by "general hospital." Thank you for interrupting your honeymoon to come and see me. ', "place. I'm really what Italy Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson to she was fantastic first she second and then actress  Kelly Monaco . To third and they cast will be on Good Morning America. My morning check it out a little bit more Dancing With The ", '-- -- she was fantastic first she -- second and then actress Kelly Monaco . To third and they cast will be on Good Morning America. -- -- My morning check it out a little bit more ', "all women. The three girls who are really intense, really competitive. Reporter: Shawn johnson will quick step.  Kelly monaco  will dance the paso doble. And melissa rycroft will samba. He's never won a trophied and wondered. Because they ", "who are really intense, really competitive. Reporter: Shawn johnson will quick step. Kelly monaco will dance the paso doble. And melissa rycroft will samba. He's never won a trophied and wondered. Because they are coming in, ", 'night? Who wowed you? You know who wowed me. Val and  kelly monaco . She really stepped it up. She was great. I\'m pregnant the end. Tony was awesome. He\'s really good. But  kelly monaco , she\'s on "general hospital," she has the soap ', "last night? Who wowed you? You know who wowed me. Val and kelly monaco . She really stepped it up. She was great. I'm pregnant right now watching them. And I was explaining to my son. He ", 'make it to the end. Tony was awesome. He\'s really good. But kelly monaco , she\'s on "general hospital," she has the soap opera fan base. Rally the fan bases. Speaking of fan bases, positive and negative. ']