['Melissa Rycroft,  Kelly Monaco  and Shawn Johnson are put to test in "Two to Tango."', 'you. And the winner. James franco was on the show playing a serial killer obsessed with leading lady sam played by  kelly monaco  and wasn\'t the only movie star to stop by "general hospital." Thank you for interrupting your honeymoon to come ', 'show playing a serial killer obsessed with leading lady sam played by kelly monaco and wasn\'t the only movie star to stop by "general hospital." Thank you for interrupting your honeymoon to come and see me. ', "place. I'm really what Italy Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson to she was fantastic first she second and then actress  Kelly Monaco . To third and they cast will be on Good Morning America. My morning check it out a little bit more Dancing With The ", '-- -- she was fantastic first she -- second and then actress Kelly Monaco . To third and they cast will be on Good Morning America. -- -- My morning check it out a little bit more ', "all women. The three girls who are really intense, really competitive. Reporter: Shawn johnson will quick step.  Kelly monaco  will dance the paso doble. And melissa rycroft will samba. He's never won a trophied and wondered. Because they ", "who are really intense, really competitive. Reporter: Shawn johnson will quick step. Kelly monaco will dance the paso doble. And melissa rycroft will samba. He's never won a trophied and wondered. Because they are coming in, ", 'night? Who wowed you? You know who wowed me. Val and  kelly monaco . She really stepped it up. She was great. I\'m pregnant the end. Tony was awesome. He\'s really good. But  kelly monaco , she\'s on "general hospital," she has the soap ', "last night? Who wowed you? You know who wowed me. Val and kelly monaco . She really stepped it up. She was great. I'm pregnant right now watching them. And I was explaining to my son. He ", 'make it to the end. Tony was awesome. He\'s really good. But kelly monaco , she\'s on "general hospital," she has the soap opera fan base. Rally the fan bases. Speaking of fan bases, positive and negative. ', "some of the show's toughest competitors over the years. We've got our first four champions but we've got that  Kelly Monaco  shame Emmett Smith. And Apollo and additional champions of and Shawn Johnson and John Johnson was the Olympic gold ", "the years. We've got our first four champions but we've got that Kelly Monaco -- -- shame Emmett Smith. And Apollo and additional champions of -- and Shawn Johnson and John Johnson was the Olympic gold ", 'Adhere Shawn Johnson is in the Nextel drew a is in the GO. Marriage is there again Apollo Anton Ohno. Is back.  Kelly Monaco  is advises Bristol Palin we also have Melissa croft and Emmitt Smith rounding out and the thirteenth contestant to actually ', 'the -- GO. Marriage is there again Apollo Anton Ohno. Is back. Kelly Monaco is -- advises Bristol Palin we also have Melissa -- croft and Emmitt Smith rounding out and the thirteenth contestant to actually ', "told not to speculate and Aaron definitely bureau. Like are part of normal fan latest set I like I love I love to see  Kelly Monaco  back on the show. It's been seven years so we'll see how about how this Kirstie. Although cursing no he does family ", "normal fan latest set I like I love I love to see Kelly Monaco back on the show. It's been seven years so we'll see how about how -- -- this -- Kirstie. Although cursing no ", "campaign. We would have to be. And very it is Sam sell  Kelly Monaco  here now Kelly hi how are you excellent hurry and do is gonna give double for about. That's a huge tree  Kelly Monaco  continued success to you and I will stop and get the ", 'would have -- to be. And very it is Sam -- sell Kelly Monaco here now Kelly hi how are you excellent hurry -- and do very well. So many fans have been pushing for this ', "this is gonna give double -- for about. That's a huge tree Kelly Monaco continued success to you and I will stop and get the roll of duct -- to anyone else out there don't -- ", "happen to lose him again welcomed Vatican has gradually. something with a letter K for old girl element yes convict  Kelly Monaco  who won the first year and we've Cheryl Beers who talked about this house had a long drought. And now you have one ", "-- something with a letter K for old girl element yes convict Kelly Monaco who won the first year and we've Cheryl Beers who talked about this house had a long drought. And now you have "]