["California' famous meatball-eating black bear was sent back to the wild Sunday after he returned to Los Angeles. ( Kelly MacDonald /AP Photo) ABC News' Audree Steinberg reports: Los Angeles' newest star, the popular Glendale bear, has been ", 'Under the watchful eye of her mother Queen Elinor (Emma Thompson), Merida, voiced by "Boardwalk Empire\'s"  Kelly Macdonald , is being trained to be a princess - and if she can\'t be a princess, then at least to act like one. The rebellious ', 'Supporting Role In A Series, Mini-Series, Or Motion Picture Made for Television Jessica Lange, American Horror Story  Kelly Macdonald , Boardwalk Empire Maggie Smith, Downton Abbey Sofia Vergara, Modern Family Evan Rachel Wood, Mildred Pierce ', 'she\'d give the award to Cumming. , Joe Kohen/WireImage/Getty Images Supporting Actress, Drama: Margo Martindale  Kelly Macdonald , "Boardwalk Empire"; Christina Hendricks, "Mad Men"; Michelle Forbes, "The Killing"; Archie Panjabi ', 'she\'d give the award to Cumming. , Joe Kohen/WireImage/Getty Images Supporting Actress, Drama: Margo Martindale  Kelly Macdonald , "Boardwalk Empire"; Christina Hendricks, "Mad Men"; Michelle Forbes, "The Killing"; Archie Panjabi ', 'a Chicago murder-for-hire contractor who befriends a lonely, abused young woman (No Country for Old Men\'s  Kelly Macdonald ) at first to find out if she is a potentially dangerous witness to a crime. "He does it, frankly, out of making sure ', 'I kept thinking, \'I bet that\'s her.\'" He recalled the same thing happened with "Trainspotting\'s"  Kelly Macdonald  and "Millions\'" Alex Etel. Boyle said that filming in Mumbai\'s slums was an incredible experience. In the West ', 'star power that is already garnering some Oscar buzz. Three of the film\'s stars Javier Bardem, Josh Brolin and  Kelly MacDonald  recently spoke with Rolling Stone\'s Peter Travers on ABC News NOW\'s "Popcorn." Killer Haircut Bardem portrays ', "And he had never seen so tightlipped of where the weapons of fallen audiences creates jobs. one. Way I do my songs I'm. I'm not so shocked With god and now monsters Home batsman Adrian We do have men had been students this and isn't really mean why are we seeing is chants of and over how to finish", "alzheimer's And He is. My best friend who works the clients in park and he's a chronic master greater than. And we have  Kelly MacDonald  and it was my mother's doctor and it's a romance between us and sort of kind of. It's just your average every ", "in park and he's a chronic master greater than. And we have Kelly MacDonald and it was my mother's doctor and it's a -- romance between us and sort of kind of. It's just your average "]