['Gandolfini\'s grieving family would be payback, the actor says, for what Gandolfini did for him and his wife, actress  Kelly Preston  , when their oldest son, Jett, died unexpectedly of a seizure in 2009 at the age of 16. "James went out of his ', 'calling it "The biggest surprise of my life." But she\'s not the only celebrity getting pregnant in her 40s. Actress  Kelly Preston  was 47 when she welcomed her third child into the world with husband John Travolta. Mariah Carey also had her babies ', "private jet, while Newton-John drives up in a classic convertible. Look closely and you can spot Travolta 's wife,  Kelly Preston , 12-year-old daughter, Ella Bleu, and 2-year-old son, Benjamin. Travolta and Newton-John recently appeared ", 'Credit: Rogers and Cowan/Getty Images  Kelly Preston  has broken her silence on the 2009 death of her teenage son Jett, and outlined the factors that she believed led to his autism ', 'think for most women it really puts a lot of pressure on them," CloudMom.com CEO Melissa Lawrence said. Actress  Kelly Preston , 49, said she refused to rush her weight loss after giving birth to son Benjamin in 2010. "I actually took my time ', 'Kelly Preston  felt like she was "drowning" when she lost her 16-year-old son, Jett, in 2009, to a seizure. Preston reflects on how ', 'The only person who might love breast feeding more than  Kelly Preston ? Her 16-month-old son, Benjamin. "When I stop, it\'s going to be really hard on me. I love nursing so much," Preston ', 'been going strong for at least two decades, including those of Warren Beatty and Annette Bening, John Travolta and  Kelly Preston , and Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson. 8. Escaping Hollywood For some longtime couples, moving far away from Hollywood ', 'Making It Work: Celebrity Marriage Wisdom From Donny Osmond and, Yes, Gene Simmons', 'couples seem like an endangered species. The prime specimens are Warren Beatty and Annette Bening, John Travolta and  Kelly Preston , and especially Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson. All of these couples are members of the 20-year club. "I would say ', 'Former Church of Scientology Official Criticizes Church for What She Considers Excessive Fundraising', 'Celebrity Weight-Loss Secrets: How Kelly Preston , Gisele Bundchen and Padma Lakshmi Got Their Pre-Baby Bodies Back', 'underground for 10 weeks. Famous Birthdays 1925 Margaret Thatcher 1947 Sammy Hagar 1959 Marie Osmond 1960 Ari Fleisher 1962  Kelly Preston  1967 Kate Walsh 1969 Nancy Kerrigan 1971 Sacha Baron Cohen 1980 Ashanti Jump back to Oct. 12: Day in History . View ', "a restraining order from Sheen's estranged wife, Brooke Mueller, and removed their twin boys from his home.)  Kelly Preston  followed Hilton's lead. In March, the actress, who was engaged to Sheen before he shot her in the arm in 1990 ", 'First, dramatic revelations from  kelly preston , about the death of her 16-year-old Reporter: Good morning, elizabeth.  Kelly preston  has done other interviews since a warning to other families.  Kelly preston  and wife of john travolta, has ', "First, dramatic revelations from kelly preston , about the death of her 16-year-old son. For the first time, she was talking about the illness that jett travolta suffered. And why she thinks he passed away four years ago from a seizure. Bazi kanani is here with all of the details. Good morning, bazi. Reporter: Good morning, elizabeth. Kelly preston has done other interviews since her son passed away. But the death was not a topic she discussed. She is deciding to speak out it now, hoping it will be a warning to other families. Kelly preston and wife of john travolta, has lived most of her life in the spotlight. But there's one thing she kept quiet about ", "Out of  Kelly Preston  she slimmed down to less than she weighed Hollywood's hottest But we're the  Kelly Preston  has been married to John Travolta for bundle of joy of how she lost that  Kelly Preston  lord Rama Indians went into the picture ", "Out of Kelly Preston she slimmed down to less than she weighed before she was blessed to be pregnant says she has more energy than she did twenty years ago. She's here this morning to tell us how she shed those pounds with a little help from her friend -- particular first. She's half of one of Hollywood's hottest -- But we're the Kelly Preston has been married to John Travolta for twenty years together they are the essence of Hollywood glam he's really as a poster ", 'her latest bundle of joy of how she lost that -- -- Kelly Preston lord Rama Indians went into the picture with -- Kirstie -- your double trouble together cook and we I -- Fifth as ', "Kelly Preston  says that when she got pregnant the age of 48 she upper body would bounce secrets from celebrity moms brought to us from ABC's Andrea can't.  Kelly Preston  cheered on her best friend Kirstie Alley when she job her way to the ", "Kelly Preston says that when she got pregnant the age of 48 she -- -- upper body would bounce back. But not only -- she lost the baby weight she weighs less than she did before her pregnancy. -- some good advice from her good friend Kirstie Alley and this is one of the weight loss secrets from celebrity moms brought to us from ABC's Andrea can't. Kelly Preston cheered on her best friend Kirstie Alley when she -- job her way to the Dancing With The Stars finalists in season ", 'John Travolta and wife  Kelly Preston  have someone to be thankful for gave birth to their son Benjamin. On Tuesday the boy was born in hospital implored he weighed ', 'John Travolta and wife Kelly Preston have someone -- to be thankful for -- gave birth to their son Benjamin. On Tuesday the boy was born in hospital ', "Scientology's. For the smooth delivery. It's the first photo of baby Benjamin a child described by John Travolta and  Kelly Preston  as nothing less than a miracle. Travolta tells People Magazine for us it's been uplifting he's given house a renewed ", "first photo of baby Benjamin a child described by John Travolta and Kelly Preston as nothing less than a miracle. Travolta tells People Magazine for us it's been uplifting he's given -- house a renewed spirit ", "their prebaby weight. I think for most women, it puts pressure on them. Reporter: In december, robin sat down with  kelly preston  who spoke about her post baby battle to lose the weight. I'm not into the three to four weeks. I did it over the ", "it puts pressure on them. Reporter: In december, robin sat down with kelly preston who spoke about her post baby battle to lose the weight. I'm not into the three to four weeks. I did it ", "She is just a few month of turning fifty. But that isn't stopping  Kelly Preston  from having babies on the brain she recently told Amanda to net on the like ten series the conversation. But she would love to ", "just a few month -- of turning fifty. But that isn't stopping Kelly Preston from having babies on the brain she recently told Amanda to -- net -- on the like ten series the conversation. But "]