["organ donors to die so they can harvest their organs. Those rumors simply aren't true, he said. Click here to watch  Kelly Ripa  and Dr. Richard Besser bust some organ donation myths. Israel In Israel, there's a special incentive to donate organs ", 'KellyandMichael! What a great show with such great people!!" Cruise tweeted along with a photo of himself with  Kelly Ripa  and Michael Strahan after the show. Cruise has been traveling the country spinning tunes as a DJ. Over the summer ', "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt's Acting Debut, Plus 7 More Celeb Kids Mimicking Their Parents", 'KellyandMichael! What a great show with such great people!!" Cruise tweeted along with a photo of himself with  Kelly Ripa  and Michael Strahan after the show. Cruise has been traveling the country spinning tunes as a DJ. Over the summer ', 'bites and cocktails. Correale has planned parties for celebrity clients, including Brooke Shields, Mariah Carey,  Kelly Ripa  and P. Diddy. For a ladies-only Super Bowl fete, Correale recommends filling beer mugs with gold gems that can be ', 'allowing myself to get walked over and resenting it." Keep reading for a list of other celebrity resolutions for 2013.  Kelly Ripa  "I have the same resolution every year -- not to sweat the small stuff. So far it hasn\'t taken!" she told the ', 'KellyandMichael! What a great show with such great people!!" Cruise tweeted along with a photo of himself with  Kelly Ripa  and Michael Strahan after the show. Cruise has been traveling the country spinning tunes as a DJ. Over the summer ', "shuts the Muppet Theatre on Christmas Eve. Whoopi Goldberg and William H. Macy also star, with cameos by Mel Brooks,  Kelly Ripa , Jon Stewart and Molly Shannon. Premieres at 8 p.m. Dec. 18 on CW 'CMA Country Christmas' If you like a little ", 'Housewives\' Appearing on ABC\'s "Live! With Kelly and Michael," Michelle Obama was grilled by the co-hosts,  Kelly Ripa  and Michael Strahan, who asked rapid-fire questions like "What is your guilty pleasure?" and "What would we be ', 'KellyandMichael! What a great show with such great people!!" Cruise tweeted along with a photo of himself with  Kelly Ripa  and Michael Strahan after the show. Cruise has been traveling the country spinning tunes as a deejay. This summer he ', 'were joined by fellow stars, Brooke Shields and her husband Chris Hency, and "Live! With Kelly and Michael" host  Kelly Ripa . Stars Pitch In To Help Sandy\'s Victims Celebrities have been pitching in since the storm hit. Last week, Snooki ', 'the New Jersey areas that were hit the hardest by Sandy. Among some of the chosen celebrities were New Jersey natives  Kelly Ripa , Bruce Springsteen, Danny DeVito and the Jonas Brothers. "Ur hometown state need ur help spreading the word. To ', 'Nobody\'s producing it, nobody\'s writing it, it\'s just something that comes in the press," Van Der Beek told  Kelly Ripa  in April. At Comic-Con in July, Williams, who played blonde bad girl Jen Lindley on the 90\'s show, said she ', 'to get right away to your friend,  kelly ripa . This is a big day for her. She I did not run in high heels with  kelly ripa . But going up to the top of the one last encouraging word for our  kelly ripa ? I want to say hello and good morning ', "We're going to get right away to your friend, kelly ripa . This is a big day for her. She is running all the way to the top of the empire state building. All ", "no. I've only watched. I did not run in high heels with kelly ripa . But going up to the top of the empire state building, how did you train? How did I train? I found out ", "-- josh groban, do you have one last encouraging word for our kelly ripa ? I want to say hello and good morning. And I wish you all the best on this. It's going to be amazing. ", 'how to bait the hook. Now, to the big announcement by  kelly ripa , on who would take regis\' seat. And a face familiar the most unusual pairings in television -- 5\'3",  kelly ripa , was swept off her feet tuesday, by her new 6\'5 ', 'know how to bait the hook. Now, to the big announcement by kelly ripa , on who would take regis\' seat. And a face familiar to folks in new york. Michael strahan. And now, kelly\'s new co-host. First, abc\'s paula faris has the story. Reporter: We are honored to have him here. Michael strahan. Reporter: In what may be one of the most unusual pairings in television -- 5\'3", kelly ripa , was swept off her feet tuesday, by her new 6\'5" co-host, former giants defensive end, michael strahan. He could bench press me ', "We want to check in with  kelly ripa . Are you there? I'm here, sam. Good morning. What is happening right now? What is happening right now is nothing. We were ", "We want to check in with kelly ripa . Are you there? I'm here, sam. Good morning. What is happening right now? What is happening right now is nothing. We were ", 'You think yes it is. Time for the skinny and Kelly rip up who you know I just love of Hoover. I Jersey girl yes it is putting her New York penthouse on the market she purchased it in 200549. Point one million dollars. However selling it for twenty points. Five million dollars in its insult when it']