["on their incredible story. Be sure liver chest and the abdomen their intestines and hearts touch and today 82 year old  conjoined twins  from the Philippines will be separated for the first time in California. And hope and that. And don't cut and Angelina ", 'the abdomen their intestines and hearts touch and today 82 year old conjoined twins from the Philippines will be separated for the first time in California. And hope and -- that. -- -- -- -- And ', 'In California those  conjoined twins  just two years older resting the surgery to separate the  conjoined twins  as a success. The fourteen today about previously separated  conjoined twins  and we noticed something in ', "In California those conjoined twins just two years older resting comfortably tonight in their separate little -- After the delicate operation to separate them including dividing their tiny sliver of the one they shared. Here's ABC's Lindsey Davis. It had to be precise too tiny lives on the line. But doctors described the surgery to separate the conjoined twins as a success. The fourteen day Angelina and Angelica said -- played games just like any other two year olds but for ", "ABC news. And this story had us wondering today about previously separated conjoined twins and we noticed something in pictures after they were separated -- show -- to these are the Alvarez twins they're Josie -- ", "Now, to the miracle surgery that is sending formerly  conjoined twins  home for the holidays. It took a team of 40 doctors 7 hours in the operating room to separate them. And abc's sharyn alfonsi ", "Now, to the miracle surgery that is sending formerly conjoined twins home for the holidays. It took a team of 40 doctors 7 hours in the operating room to separate them. And abc's ", "of relief in Philadelphia because surgeons at Children's Hospital there. Have successfully separated eight month old  conjoined twins  Alison and Emilia Tucker we're joined the lower chest and stomach they shared a liver. Before a seven hour surgery ", "because surgeons at Children's Hospital there. Have successfully separated eight month old conjoined twins Alison and Emilia Tucker we're joined the lower chest and stomach they shared a liver. Before a seven hour surgery. Nearly doctors ", 'And now, our "instant index." And it starts with a very special christmas portrait. Allison and amelia tucker with santa. 10 months old. So, what makes it amazing? Well, these girls were born joined at the chest. Sharing a diaphragm and a liver until 40 doctors separated them in a christmas', "birth. But Bob Brown introduces us to  conjoined twins  in Pennsylvania. Who can't imagine believed to be among the oldest living  conjoined twins  in the world and he built Hansen in decisions doctors make to separate  conjoined twins . Laurie if you have a choice. Would ", "to separate them right after birth. But Bob Brown introduces us to conjoined twins in Pennsylvania. Who can't imagine living apart. This is an historic surgery the -- -- oldest individuals ever undergo this type of ", 'the age of 45. Are believed to be among the oldest living conjoined twins in the world and he built Hansen in this television show the plot called for the characters they played to be separated. Because one was dying of cancer. -- -- Need to governments -- But until her -- But in life they have strong opinions about their own circumstance -- decisions doctors make to separate conjoined twins . Laurie if you have a choice. Would you choose to be separated. Now. We would not choose to be separated god. Has ', 'be separated -- today. They are among only a small percentage of conjoined twins who are joined at the him. Read that cannot walk because she was born with a spinal defects and sold Laurie spends ', 'are two years old and they were born  conjoined twins  connected from their breast bone to Chris has been following their story.  Conjoined twins  very fascinating to us you know and their doctors. Only around twenty  conjoined twins  with this condition have ever been ', "the new hope they are two years old and they were born conjoined twins connected from their breast bone to their pelvis. They underwent a risky 24 hour operation at the Children's Hospital Pittsburgh separate them and Chris has been following their story. Conjoined twins very fascinating to us you know and that's because of how rare they are about one. Out of every 100000. Burris now on top of that the lead twins have an especially rare condition known as. Is he'll pay his trip to us that means they were joined at the front pelvis and lower spine. And had three legs between them according to one of their doctors. Only around twenty conjoined twins with this condition have ever been separated before. Twins deja NN Daniel Lee had spent a lot of time together. Literally joined ", "and today the girls are alive and well one of only twenty conjoined twins successfully separated in the world. It's fifteen. Nurse -- Mancuso has been taking care of the girls since their birth. -- and ", 'That early on. I we -- but the fact that frequently with conjoined twins who used to looking at each other the whole time that they found that night. Just instinctively. They will go back and ', "stops welcome when he twice webcast.  Conjoined twins  are rare one in every 100000. Live Brown introduces us to 45 year old  conjoined twins  who can't imagine ever living apart are among only a small percentage of  conjoined twins  who are joined at the cannot walk ", "Hello I'm John stops welcome when he twice webcast. Conjoined twins are rare -- one in every 100000. Live births. Many people assume surgical separation of the baby's right after birth is the best thing but. Bob Brown introduces us to 45 year old conjoined twins who can't imagine ever living apart. We would not choose to be separated god. Has a purpose for every human being he puts on this -- He made him in his own and -- And he made us in his in. -- who are we need to question -- god made. Only if one died before the other -- would they be separated they say. They are among only a small percentage of conjoined twins who are joined at the -- -- cannot walk because she was born with a spinal defects and -- Laurie spends most ", 'separated all this summer Deborah Roberts has been following four year old conjoined twins as they underwent surgical separation. Their parents shot amazing home video of their adjustment to life apart and forty -- just returned ', 'medical news surgeons in London have successfully separated two baby girls who connected at the head the eleven month old  conjoined twins  were born in Sudan. A charity pay for them to be flown to England for the surgery doctors say the girls are doing well ', 'two baby girls who connected at the head the eleven month old conjoined twins were born in Sudan. A charity pay for them to be flown to England for the surgery doctors say the girls are ', "major milestone for two little girls who've been defying the odds from day one. Guatemalan twins for Josie and Teresa Alvarez just celebrated their tenth birthday. The big bash in Los Angeles the girls were born conjoined at the head. They were separated a year later in a difficult operation.", "medical mystery and two little girls Tatiana and Krista are their names who've already overcome. Some incredible shots the chance of being born con joined twin. Is less than one in 100000. And while every case is unique and full of challenges the children. You are about to meet. They're connected", "We have an update on dear friends five years ago we began following the Abraham twins from Egypt. They're joined that they were joined at the head and they underwent a massive and very risky operation to separate them. Well four years ago next week that's when the operation took place now they are", 'But the dual spirits are still high when I stopped in for a visit. Even in the hospital in little chatter boxes little winds. Things have been nice having them honor. They comfortable. They take me on a tour of their hospital only. See that the baby what do do the medical team continues to prompt', "The four year old  conjoined twins  this morning marks a new chapter for the girls after twelve hours of surgery. Separated at last and their father says it's a ", "The four year old conjoined twins this morning marks a new chapter for the girls after twelve hours of surgery. Separated at last and their father says it's ", 'reconstructing their tiny bodies. But when it was finally over these  conjoined twins  from the Philippines emerged in the California hospital complicated operation. This was his sixth separation of  conjoined twins . Our long term prognosis we would expect happy healthy ', "spent reconstructing their tiny bodies. But when it was finally over these conjoined twins from the Philippines emerged in the California hospital. As unique individuals for the very first time. We're very pleased things basically could ", 'no stranger to this complicated operation. This was his sixth separation of conjoined twins . Our long term prognosis we would expect happy healthy. Said the girls. The girls will spend at least the next week in ', 'life changing week for two little sisters four year old  conjoined twins  who were separated this week by doctors in Salt Lake City fond of mom and one of anatomy. The anatomy that these  conjoined twins  from the abdomen down is finally about to be broken. Here ', 'been a life changing week for two little sisters four year old conjoined twins who were separated this week by doctors in Salt Lake City. Deborah Roberts was given special access to the family in the ', "fond of mom and one of anatomy. The anatomy that -- these conjoined twins -- from the abdomen down is finally about to be broken. Here -- primary children's medical center in Salt Lake City, Utah. "]