["If you're just starting to think about summer vacation plans, read on. While the tried-and-true beaches of the East and West Coasts are no doubt wonderful, there's a few destinations worth checking out that may not be on your radar . . . yet.", 'Click through the next few pages for six vacation destinations worth a look this summer.', "This town's most famous for hosting the 1980 Winter Olympics, but the summer is truly the best time of the year to visit New York's Adirondack State Park and its premier town, beautiful Lake Placid. There's a range of hotels from budget to luxe, but one that does the trick for most price ranges and has a great location in the Mirror Lake Inn, with its award-winning spa, restaurants and nearby golf. Within a few minutes is pretty much every outdoor activity you can imagine: Hiking, whitewater rafting, mountain biking, camping, sailing, kayaking and fly fishing. Don't miss happy hour at the famous Dancing Bears Bar on main Street, where the beer is poured from taps encased in blocks of ice.", 'Named one of the happiest seaside towns in America by Coastal Living Magazine for 2013, Beaufort is located between the more famous cities of Savannah and Charleston but is worthy of a visit all its own. According to Coastal Living, it\'s  "low country friendliness and urban refinement strike just the right balance in this beautiful South Carolina town known for its historic antebellum architecture, exquisite local cuisine, and rich African-American heritage."', "It's been called Europe's best travel bargain and came in at No. 3 on the 2013 European Backpacker Index for the Continent's cheapest cities in 2013. How cheap is it? Price of Travel estimates a person on a serious budget can get away with just $25 per day including hostel accommodations, meals, a few alcoholic beverages and a major sightseeing attraction. Experts say the word on Krakow is almost out and now's the time to visit before demand drives prices up like in Prague and Budapest.", 'You may think of mansions and Wall Street moguls when you think of Greenwich, but over the last few years luxury hotels like the Delmar Greenwich Harbor Hotel have popped up. The hotel is on the harbor and is within walking distance of great restaurants and shopping; Greenwich Avenue alone is home to 600 retail stores and sometimes called  the "East Coast\'s Rodeo Drive." Greenwich is also home to several public beaches and is just a quick train ride away from New York City.']