["Powell promised.  Plastic surgery  has become something practice for reverse  plastic surgery  but he can't go to talk more about  plastic surgery  is Lesley Jane Seymour love affair with  cosmetic surgery  and and what we're ", "what you think about all of us with Hollywood's love affair with cosmetic surgery and and what we're doing to go to abcnews.com slash -- and made away and on our shout out board as he ", 'But have  plastic surgery . If you half of all  cosmetic procedures  and according patients a basic  cosmetic surgery  package including multiple  Botox treatments  and laser something like  plastic surgery  well it certainly hope is.  Cosmetic surgery  or  cosmetic procedures  to get hired ', "alone forty to 54 year old made -- nearly half of all cosmetic procedures and according to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. Minimally invasive procedures have gone up 99%. In the past decade doctor Stephen Greenberg a plastic surgeon in New York City has performed over sixty cosmetic surgeries on job seeking clients and even came up with his own job fighter package to -- offers patients a basic cosmetic surgery package including multiple Botox treatments and laser skin resurfacing. Ranging from one to 3000 dollars. And it advanced package that includes an I lifted a mini facelift from three to 101000 dollars if you're unemployed shouldn't you be saving your money. Instead of spending on something like plastic surgery well it certainly investment in their future and that's the way these patients are seeing it if they look better and that ", "over forty. Job seekers that the only or the best hope is. Cosmetic surgery or cosmetic procedures to get hired I definitely think that confidence is. King but there are certainly other ways to boost your confidence. If plastic surgery is not an option so I don't want people to feel that and they've got to mortgage their homes -- they've got ", "office to roll back. The clock the number of men opting for  cosmetic procedures  nearly double over the last fifteen years and another one you caution that's not always the case if gonna give  plastic surgery  is it yet. Make sure that the person actually wants it ", 'office to roll back. The clock the number of men opting for cosmetic procedures nearly double over the last fifteen years and another one thing men are getting done. Botox or should we say broad talks ', "more men are signing up for  plastic surgery  as they face increasing million men had elective  cosmetic surgery  last that right. Yes and is called high definition  liposuction  and there's a doctorate this is the user ultrasonic  liposuction  system. And we can actually ", "More and more men are signing up for plastic surgery as they face increasing competition from younger men both professionally and personally. But as the popularity of these procedures -- it's important to note the differences between them. Here to share with us at the top surgeries and what men need to know is board certified plastic surgeon doctor Anthony -- doctor you thanks so much for being here and its bank here. So overall one point one million men had elective cosmetic surgery last -- that right. Yes and so every year more more men are having class surgeries done and -- -- -- as ", 'alone new numbers from the American society of plastic show that in 2010. The number of  cosmetic procedures  in man were up over the previous year.  Liposuction  is up 7% and and Botox injections are up 9%. But one of the biggest jobs came in ', 'American society of plastic -- show that in 2010. The number of cosmetic procedures in man were up over the previous year. Liposuction is up 7% and and Botox injections are up 9%. But one of the biggest jobs came in face -- which are ', 'Marilyn Leisz inserts lenses and drops in the morning, and sleeps with a mask to protect her cornea.', "with more on college-aged  cosmetic surgery . Good morning, paula. Good students than ever are opting for  cosmetic surgery . We travel to california where she's meeting with los angeles  plastic surgery , dr. Tenially lawton, to ", "new bra size. Abc's paula faris is here with more on college-aged cosmetic surgery . Good morning, paula. Good morning. Ironically, josh is nowhere to be found for this story, i understand, right? Just the ladies. Today's students are trying to improve their minds and bodies. In fact, more students than ever are opting for cosmetic surgery . We travel to california where a fresh start for two, young coeds involves going under the knife. Students are heading back to ", 'comprehensive guide aesthetic  plastic surgery . Britain by the experts you say that redoing  plastic surgery  procedures now accounts American society for  plastic surgery  plastic surgical procedures forums are important  liposuction  on. You ignited it ', 'is also -- -- faceted good about it these forums are important liposuction on. You ignited it is it -- met these Davis. And so boosting so much more difficult than doing it first time ', "liposuction  is huge it's not a big fan  liposuction  actually tell my patients who come to me for  liposuction . That if  liposuction  was just as good as diet and exercise emailed us the following. The  plastic surgery  on the young already gives this ", "getting done. I think come most common operations nationally from men well liposuction is huge it's not a big fan -- liposuction actually tell my patients who come to me for liposuction . That if liposuction was just as good as diet and exercise I'd be thinner. So -- idea I tried to discourage most -- actually try to cars in the tragic Jim first and tries indicting. -- men have their -- than they have been nose done. And then there is some some group of -- that unfortunately have breasts bigger than they wanted to be. Okay enough self -- questions let's get back to our viewers. This a -- a Yahoo! viewer who emailed us the following. The plastic surgery on the young already gives this -- -- expectation to us real women. Young women hate their bodies everywhere because of this ", 'the new trends in  plastic surgery  for women but some think that the hold  plastic surgery . This has. Bound shows some of these  plastic surgery  TV shows which is these are purely  cosmetic procedures  and they in no way ', "mentioned sexual dysfunction it's really important to say that these are purely cosmetic procedures and they in no way affect a woman's ability to enjoy her sexuality. And that there may be some other reasons that ", 'procedure done as minors as opposed to here in the west these cosmetic procedures are being done by adults on adults. Feds the arguments are very similar that women want to look more beautiful that they ', "It's not just  plastic surgery  but. Breast augmentation have had other  cosmetic procedures . Lip injections have been deeply.  Cosmetic procedures  and rapidly growing advises against most  cosmetic surgery  while still a teenager ", 'Other data Center City since the -- and friends have had other cosmetic procedures . Lip injections. Botox. And -- -- -- -- here and -- have been deeply. Cosmetic procedures and rapidly growing among teenagers and fifteen to nineteen. I have my nose done and when I was 21. Who put a ', "But this isn't your father's  plastic surgery . This new generation of cosmetic enhancing for the top five just like the women  liposuction . Nose jobs and eyelid surgery. Breast intended. But controversial trend in  cosmetic surgery  men who want and get. Their legs There ", 'of a growing in the no pun intended. But controversial trend in cosmetic surgery men who want and get. Their legs -- There are people would have said yeah except when god gave you. But everybody. ', "unhealthy. Though  plastic surgery  is ten billion dollar about body image and  cosmetic surgery  it's. Our job group addicted to  plastic surgery . I am kind of and and they run his  plastic surgery  business together ", "that tried to fix every flaw. And to me that's unhealthy. Though plastic surgery is -- ten billion dollar a year industry in America. Doctor Lisa castle let's says shows like plastic -- send the wrong message about body image and cosmetic surgery it's. Our job to say no you look abnormal you cannot have more you have to hold -- patient back. -- for ", "those drugs. I would surgeries. Breast augmentation was.  liposuction  this. I've seen people were suicidal and I'm wearing We'll find out in a moment. But she's not the only  cosmetic surgery  survivor with the issue were soon. Every look at myself ", "beauty. We'll find out in a moment. But she's not the only cosmetic surgery survivor with the issue were soon. Every -- look at myself in the air racing again. You miss me out there. The ", 'lose a few pounds but for many brides getting a breathless  liposuction  before. Today is as important as finding the perfect dress tighter more slender body and the bride nearly 20000 dollar  plastic surgery  budget is about the cost of her entire wedding. Now she ', 'to lose a few pounds but for many brides getting a breathless liposuction before. Today is as important as finding the perfect dress. Ready a dream come. According and I am not every would be ', 'Getting  liposuction  is such a common procedure that the center for  cosmetic surgery  in Weston Florida Died as a result of  plastic surgery  procedures between reshaping eyelid surgery  liposuction . And tummy tucks but ', 'eight -- sculpting procedure last week. Perform that the -- center for cosmetic surgery in Weston Florida. She worked seven days a week as a housekeeper to pay. 3600 dollar procedure one that was supposed to ', 'went in for  liposuction  at this Florida performing  cosmetic procedures  five months course in  plastic surgery . A total training for  plastic surgery  is enough two dozen  liposuction  or like a before laser  hair removal  at a spot ', 'doctor Omar -- seen here in this FaceBook photo was still performing cosmetic procedures five months after the tragedy. Last week a group attend made one last plea to have his license revoked tightened -- marketing ', "European on McKnight road Jennifer finance petition. Says her trainer told a group of women they were required to perform silky  hair removal . On each other. Brazilian is win all of a person's pubic hair is removed with warm wax basically she was asked to her ", "told a group of women they were required to perform -- silky hair removal . On each other. -- Brazilian is win all of a person's pubic hair is removed with warm wax basically she was asked ", 'going in for his and hers  plastic surgery . We ask, does the couple Reporter: Heather will have  liposuction  and a tummy tuck. And accepting of the idea of  plastic surgery . In fact, male  plastic surgery  is up 121% in recent ', 'I think she deserves to get one done. Reporter: Heather will have liposuction and a tummy tuck. And for david, a chin lift. If you would see me when we first met, I was about ']