['and there are also a lot of things we\'re telling them not to do," said Dr. Michel McDonald, director of  cosmetic dermatology  at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville. "We need to get them to start early, and if they do ', 'conditions. "There\'s no proof it can be effective for skin cancer," said Dr. Michel McDonald, director of  Cosmetic Dermatology  at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, who worries that increasing the levels of melanin could increase the ', 'procedure; studies have demonstrated its efficacy and safety," said Dr. Jessie Cheung, associate director of  cosmetic dermatology  at the New York University Langone Medical Center. "The question is, are patients willing to pay for the technology ', 'said Dr. Jessie Cheung, associate director of  cosmetic dermatology  at NYU Langone Medical Center in New York City Jessie Cheung M.D., associate director,  cosmetic dermatology , NYU Langone Medical Center, New York City ', "Question: What should I do to prevent skin cancer? Answer: The most important thing that you can do to prevent skin cancer is to wear sunscreen everyday. Lot of my patients don't like sunscreen but its now in formulations that are really easy to use, not greasy. You should use at least an SPF 15", 'How Should I Be Taking Care Of My Skin In My 20s And 30s, And What Kinds Of Issues Should I Be Thinking About?', 'Question: How should I be taking care of my skin in my 20s and 30s, and what kinds of issues should I be thinking about? Answer: In your 20s, the most important thing is to really develop a good skin care regimen. The first thing you should start with is sunscreen every morning, either in a', 'How Should I Be Taking Care Of My Skin In My 40s And 50s, And What Kinds Of Issues Should I Be Thinking About?', 'Question: How should I be taking care of my skin in my 40s and 50s, and what kinds of issues should I be thinking about? Answer: In your 40s and 50s, you want to continue the good habits that you started earlier, which include sunscreen in the morning. You probably want to be using a prescription', "Question: What are my options for dealing with discolored toenails? Answer: I get the question a lot about discolored toenails and do I have to see a physician. Most of the time discolored toenails are due to fungus. Unfortunately, a lot of the over-the-counter products don't really treat this very", "Question: Should I be doing something special for my skin during the winter months? Answer: In the winter months, your skin tends to feel drier and the most important thing is to moisturize. Remember to moisturize right after you get out of the shower. And while it's tempting to take really hot", 'What Are Liver Spots, Or Age Spots, And Is There Anything I Can Do To Prevent Them From Appearing?', "Question: What are liver spots, or age spots, and is there anything I can do to prevent them from appearing? Answer: Liver spots or age spots are the brown spots that develop over time. They're very common on the face, they're very common on the back of the hands, and they're very common on the", 'Question: How am I supposed to examine myself for skin cancer, and when should I see a doctor about something on my skin? Answer: I tell my patients that around age 40, you should go and see a dermatologist for the first time and have a full skin check. At that point, they can review with you', 'Question: What lifestyle changes can I make to keep my skin looking as young as possible? Answer: We all care about our appearance and we all like looking young. I like to tell my patients that prevention is worth a pound of cure and that, actually, prevention actually is the best treatment for a', 'Question: Does sunblock prevent you from getting vitamin D? Answer: Sunblock does prevent you from being able to convert vitamin D to the active metabolite that you need. But the good news is that you can get vitamin D from a lot of other sources. You can get it from foods; you can get it from a']