["group the  Center for Science in the Public Interest  and consumers damages.  CSPI  Michael F director for the  Center for Science in the Public Interest , said statement, the  Center for Science in the Public Interest 's litigation ", 'move forward as a class-action lawsuit. Attorneys representing the health-advocacy group  Center for Science in the Public Interest  and consumers from California and New York have accused Coca-Cola Co. of using deceptive labeling ', 'move forward as a class-action lawsuit. Attorneys representing the health-advocacy group  Center for Science in the Public Interest  and consumers from several states have accused Coca-Cola Co. of using deceptive labeling on ', 'of empty calories and processed sugar in both the American and European diet according to the  Center for Science in the Public Interest . It\'s been pegged as a major contributor to a variety of health issues. "Aside from sugar ', 'daily calories on average, according to the  Center for Science in the Public Interest  . Statistics show both consumption of sweetened habitual soda-drinkers. Executive director of  Center for Science in the Public Interest , Michael Jacobson is a supporter of the Bloomberg ', 'data as was previously required by petition. But Leake and Hari cite a 68-page report from the  Center for Science in the Public Interest , "Food Dyes: A Rainbow of Risks," which outlines various studies on the health effects of ', 'on their colleagues to do the same." said Margo Wootan, director of nutrition policy at the  Center for Science in the Public Interest  , a watchdog organization that has often criticized large food companies. Wootan said that Mars ', 'consumption of sodium," said Michael Jacobson, executive director of the consumer watchdog  Center for Science in the Public Interest . The study is novel in that three groups of researchers using different methods all came to the ', 'like punting on fourth and one." Sunday morning the  Center for Science in the Public Interest  tweeted, "Shame on @Taco Bell for disparaging healthy vegetables needed was to be the subject of attack ads," said  CSPI  nutrition policy director Margo G. Wootan in a statement ', 'to fill up on healthy foods, squeezing out the junk," tweeted Dr. Michael Jacobson of the  Center for Science in the Public Interest . Tip 5: Add Movement to the Mix While changing your diet is most important, exercise can help ', 'own. Medical experts from the American Council on Exercise , the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics,  Center for Science in the Public Interest  and Cornell University will join Besser on the chat to answer your questions and offer advice.', 'Michael Jacobson, executive director of the  Center for Science in the Public Interest  ( CSPI ), told ABC News. "When the body eats It doesn\'t happen with soft drinks."  CSPI  published a video that went viral just this ', 'center for science in the public interest  is calling on government officials to eight behavioral problems in children. Today the  center for science in the public interest  asked the Food and Drug Administration to ', '-- center for science in the public interest is calling on government officials to -- eight artificial food dyes. Saying that studies have linked to food coverings to behavioral problems in children. Today the center for science in the public interest asked the Food and Drug Administration to -- these two guys along with six others. With -- BI says increase hyper activity ', "can. But many consumers admit to eating I'll came yeah. In response all this confusion this  center for science in the public interest  is urging the Food and Drug Administration to revise its serving size regulations. I know it's ", "to eating I'll -- came yeah. In response all this confusion this center for science in the public interest is urging the Food and Drug Administration to revise its serving size regulations. I know it's. Just tell you what what it ", "their sodas. To avoid putting a cancer warning label and and here's why a consumer group called  center for science in the public interest  claims that they testing. Of this of this karma coloring and they found a chemical in there ", "a cancer warning label and and here's why a consumer group called center for science in the public interest claims that they -- testing. Of this of this karma coloring and they found a chemical in there. There has been linked ", "different can you trust what's on the label. The  center for science in the public interest  has been investigating and tomorrow they'll grain. Whole grain whole wheat tomorrow the  center for science in the public interest  will demand that the FDA define those terms because ", "really all that different can you trust what's on the label. The center for science in the public interest has been investigating and tomorrow they'll go straight to the FDA would these findings here's ABC's it was definitely me. Multi grain. Whole grain whole wheat tomorrow the center for science in the public interest will demand that the FDA define those terms because right now they have no legal meaning. That's right by -- whole wheat ", "calories that's all they've heard of food. And they've got one item there back in 1993 the  center for science in the public interest  famously labeled fettuccine Alfredo a heart attack on plate. Now every year they passed from ", "of food. And they've got one item there back in 1993 the center for science in the public interest famously labeled fettuccine Alfredo a heart attack on -- plate. Now every year they passed from -- restaurant business viciously awarding the ", "conference there today which we think would make even Homer Simpson sick to his stomach. The  center for science in the public interest  the hall of shame today of fast food meals for example. Ruby Tuesday's colossal burger pickup ", "think would make even Homer Simpson -- sick to his stomach. The center for science in the public interest -- the hall of shame today of fast food meals for example. Ruby Tuesday's colossal burger pickup truck that little sucker. -- ", "in and I see by all natural all organic and that's not easily done. Michael Jacobson of the  center for science in the public interest  has been asking the FDA to bam knees for years. Can you get rid of all these guys at this point ", "all organic and that's not -- easily done. Michael Jacobson of the center for science in the public interest has been asking the FDA to bam knees -- for years. Can you get rid of all these guys at this point. "]