["Who said it was impossible to find a travel deal in the summer months? While it's true airfare's generally higher and hotel prices go up in the popular family-travel months of summer, there are deals available . . . if you know where to look. Generally, you'll find the best deals in places that are (literally) hot. Places that might not immediately come to mind when you think of a summer vacation. But it's hot everywhere and many of these destinations offer the opportunity to experience a luxury hotel at a discounted price.", 'Summer travel deals have been flooding my inbox over the last few weeks. Here are a few to consider. Quoted prices don;t include tax unless otherwise noted.', 'The "Stay Cool" package at the Conrad Miami embraces summer\'s high temperatures by setting deluxe room rates according to the highest Fahrenheit temperatures for the day of booking. The package is for the months of July and August. Guests must book between June 30, 2013 and August 31, 2013 and will be able to lock-in room rates based on the highest Fahrenheit temperature of the day of booking, as shown on the Conrad Miami website under the weather section of the hotel\'s homepage. For example, a high temperature of 94 degrees means that guests can book a deluxe room for only $94 per night.Cotton HouseCotton House, Mustique Island', "This one is pricey no matter which way you slice it, but since it's on my bucket list I figured I would include it since it's bound to be on one of yours too. The 13-acre retreat features only 17 rooms and suites, 11 of which have private plunge pools. From now through August 31, guests can enjoy the resort for seven nights for the price of five. The Summer Package also includes 50 percent off interisland flights for two; private round-trip ground transfers from Mustique airport to resort; welcome cocktail upon arrival; invitation to weekly Tuesday Night cocktail party at the resort. Rates start at $750 per night; a minimum of seven nights is required.Getty ImagesJamaica", "Several hotels in Jamaica offer summer rates starting under $100 per night. The Banana Shout Resort in Negril starts at just $80 per night. The Relax Resort in Montego Bay starts at $94 per night. At Jake's Hotel, Villas and Spa on the South Coast, the hotel prepares farm-to-table dinners in a working field on the Saturday closest to a full moon (so book accordingly). Rates from $98 per night.FairmontScottsdale, Ariz.", "Hawaii's a hot spot for summer travel and deals don't pop up all that frequently. But the well-regarded Aston Hotels & Resorts on the island of Kauai -- there are four in total --  have discounted summer rates, some as low as $99 per night. Rates are available through July 31, 2013 for travel from June 9 through August 25, 2013.Viceroy HotelsIxtapa, Mexico", "All inclusive. Luxury. Those two ideas don't necessarily go together. But for travelers who want the ease of an all-inclusive vacation at a high-end resort, this summer special from the Viceroy Zihuatanejo on Mexico's Pacific coast should fit the bill. The Playa Indulgence package includes all meals, beverages (domestic beer, wine by the glass, selected cocktails, and non-alcoholic beverages and accommodations, starting at $509 per night based on double occupancy. That's a savings of 38 percent off the high-season price. Valid through December 24, 2013; rate is inclusive of all taxes and fees.Hotel Le ToinySt. Barts", "Thought you'd never get to tony St. Barts? The summer low season is your best bet at a decent rate, though you'll likely miss out on the celeb spotting this time of year. Summer rates at the Hotel Le Toiny run  about $800 per night, down from the usual $2,600 per night in the winter high season, plus include a bevy of extras thrown in: six nights for the price of five; complimentary round-trip airport transfers; a convertible SMART rental car to explore the island; daily full American breakfast; complimentary laundry service and wifi. Available through August 31. Email reservations@letoiny.com.Getty ImagesPalm Beach, Fla.", "The famed beachfront Breakers resort in Florida's Palm Beach is a family favorite. The Breakers even offers complimentary childproofing for families with infants or children up to age 3 -- how's that for family friendly? But with its nine restaurants, variety of fitness classes, two golf courses and five pools, those extras can add up fast. Take advantage of the resort's Endless Savings package, available now through the end of October. Guests will enjoy free continental breakfast for the whole family, free kids' meals and free day camp; reduced greens fees, unlimited fitness classes and unlimited tennis. All those freebies = no sticker shock at checkout. Rates start at $299 June - September.Turnberry IsleMiami", "The only Four Seasons Resort is, not surprisingly, a hot destination for families and luxury travelers alike. Summer is a slow time in Nevis, which means deals at hotels --even the Four Seasons Nevis. The non-descript Summer Fourth Night Free Advance Purchase deal actually includes a lot more than a free night, but the catch is you need to book at least 30 days in advance. Included: that fourth free night; daily breakfast for two adults; complimentary meals for children ages 12 and under from our kids' menu; complimentary ferry transfer from St. Kitts for children ages 17 and under and a special rate of $100 per adult, per day, for unlimited golf. ", 'To kick off the season of sun and fun, Loews Hotels is offering guests 30 percent off each room when they book three rooms or more at any hotel property with the Social Summer Package now through September 30. The deal also includes free wifi and a $25 food and beverage credit per night. The deal is good at all North America Loews Hotels; properties in Boston, Atlanta, San Diego, New York, Nashville and more.ONE Bal Harbour Resort & SpaBal Harbour, Fla.', "Sun-drenched and a haven for shoppers, Bal Harbour is offering great value this summer with five nights for the price of four at all of its hotels! The destination's four hotels offering this deal this summer are as follows: the flagship St. Regis Bal Harbour Resort (rates start at $629/night), the ONE Bal Harbour Resort & Spa (rates start at $373/night), the boutique Bal Harbour Quarzo (rates start at $200/night) and the iconic Sea View Hotel (rates start at $215/night). Something in every price point.jenisrunning/FlickrMultiple Locations, Club Med", "The 'Kids Under Four Stay Free' package is so popular, the resort said, that reservations for families with kids under 4 have jumped 33 percent since its debut in April. The resort group's Baby Welcome Program makes it exceedingly easy to travel with a baby. Upon arrival, parents are provided with highchairs, cribs, strollers, bottle warmers, bathtubs and more. Kids under 12 vacation at 50 percent off; kids 13-15 are 40 percent off. The offer is valid at seven Club Med properties.", '6 Under-the-Radar Summer Vacation Destinations10 Happiest Seaside Towns Legit Ways to Get a VIP Amusement Park Experience ', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']