['Myth No. 1 is that red cars cost more to insure. But insurers are not concerned about color and neither is law enforcement. ', 'The non-profit Insurance Information Institute helped me tackle five common auto insurance myths:', 'Auto insurance companies usually offer a range of discounts. Here are some of the most popular ones to ask about: ', 'Insurance companies do care about the type of vehicle you drive, including the make, model, sticker price, engine size and year. Is it popular with thieves? Is it more costly to repair? Does it have a good safety record?', 'There does appear to be correlation between vehicle model and the likelihood of a traffic ticket. A recent study by Quality Planning (a San Francisco-based analytics company that works with auto insurers) found that drivers of flashy cars are often more aggressive and therefore a greater risk.', 'Check with your insurance agent to find defensive driving courses that are approved by your insurer. If you are retired or no longer working full time, see if you qualify for a discount based on driving less. ', 'Comprehensive pays for damage to your vehicle (including broken glass) caused by something other than a collision with another vehicle or object. This would include losses caused by fire, theft, vandalism, severe weather, flooding and falling objects (such as a tree limb) or hitting an animal. ', 'Collisioncoverage pays for damage to your vehicle caused from a collision with another vehicle or object. It also covers damage caused by potholes or if your vehicle flips over. Your insurance company will reimburse you for the cost of repairs (minus the deductible) even if you are at fault for the accident. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners points out that this is relatively expensive coverage, more costly than comprehensive.', 'If you want to fully protect your vehicle for all types of damage, you need to purchase both collision and comprehensive coverage. But many people with older cars sometimes drop these coverages in order to save money.', 'Personal auto insurance does not protect you if you are self-employed and using your vehicle for business purposes. ', '   Want to keep up with the latest on consumer news, follow the  ConsumerMan on Facebook . ']