['Rabago. Doctor Raymundo Serrano, chief of gynecology at Zoquipan Hospital, and his team decided to insert a  contraceptive implant  to avoid another pregnancy. He described the implant as a small, flexible rod placed just under the skin in ', "Implanted and embedded  birth - control  devices are among the latest contraceptives to hit the market infertility after their under-the-skin implanted device,  Implanon , got lost, according to an article in the U.K. Daily Mail. Merck, the New Jersey-based manufacturer of  Implanon , declined to go into detail about the device's movement ", 'let\'s get you on  birth control \'?" Numbers Moving least one method of  birth control  (12 percent reported as condoms and the  birth control  pill , almost doubled said, referring to  contraceptive implants  like intrauterine ', 'according to the U.K. press.  Implanon  is a toothpick-sized implant in 2006. Cwiak says that  Implanon  and other long-term  birth control  methods such as the IUD are basis for successful use of  Implanon  is the correct and carefully implant."  Implanon  2.0 --  Nexplanon  A newer version of the device ', 'undergo other long-term  birth control  procedures. "I really don\'t Nowland supports long-term  birth control , she believes sterilization people choose long-term  birth control  options like IUD or  Implanon . But she says if people ', 'their dogs later in life may have an option -- a removable  contraceptive implant  that halts testosterone and sperm production for months only major surgery most pets ever have. If you have this  birth control  thing and it gives you the option to wait, that might ', 'North Carolina at Chapel Hill.  Implanon  will be the only under-the-skin  birth control  device available to women in the More Convenient FDA officials said  Implanon  is safe and "highly effective preventing unintended pregnancies.  Birth control  pills have lower rates of effectiveness 000. Compared with the price of  birth control  pills, which can cost around to Consumer Reports Web site,  Implanon  may save women money in the long ', 'John McKenzie provides answers about  Implanon  following a teleconference by Scott Monroe Food and Drug Administration. How is  Implanon  inserted? It requires a small procedure order and prescribe the devices. How was  Implanon  tested? The primary clinical trials ', "It's a  birth - control  option men can't forget to take progestogen commonly found in the female  birth control  pill, to block sperm production The failure rate of the female  birth control  pill is less than 1 percent. Previous "]