['immediately after surgery in June 12 she was and realistic for another transplant for June 15. It was the last treatment available for her  cystic fibrosis . Her parents successfully fought tonight adult for being transplanted into children.', 'transplant for June 15. It was the last treatment available for her cystic fibrosis . Her parents successfully fought -- tonight adult -- for being transplanted into children. ', "therapy in the fight against  cystic fibrosis . Joining us now to explain the defective protein in  cystic fibrosis  or the kind of protein that's about 5% of patients with  cystic fibrosis  it's a very exciting development ", 'Journal of Medicine uncovers a breakthrough new therapy in the fight against cystic fibrosis . Joining us now to explain his doctor Pamela Davis volcanologist and dean at case western reserve school of medicine. Doctor Davis welcome ', "that right. Yes this drug is directed at the defective protein in cystic fibrosis or the kind of protein that's defective. In about 5% of patients with cystic fibrosis it's a very exciting development. That's a little bit let's back up a little bit and talk about cystic fibrosis itself -- more familiar what exactly. Is -- cystic fibrosis -- know the genetic diseases that it's the largest disease. That of affects caucasians cracked. It's a very common genetic disease film ", 'states have screening programs. So that most if not all patients with cystic fibrosis are identified in the first month -- life. And so once it is diagnosed what. Is the current treatment -- -- this ', "Cystic fibrosis  although it's known as a childhood through. That labeling of being a  cystic fibrosis  patients these patients now are have to take. Towards. An older  cystic fibrosis  patient very similar to someone ", "Cystic fibrosis although it's known as a childhood diseases actually changed radically in the last two decades we are seeing patients now. Live into their forties and there -- disease no longer defines them. As individuals in fact these patients or people have actually broken through. That labeling of being a cystic fibrosis patients these patients now are getting married. They are going to college in their thinking about having children. So these these individuals. Pose on new challenges for their physicians it and in thinking about their disease state. It definitely is a multi disciplinary approach that you have to take. Towards. An older cystic fibrosis patient very similar to someone. That is half their age or younger teenager child the multi disciplinary team should not only consist of a the provider that is an expert in adults CF care. And this is one of the challenges facing cystic fibrosis care is graduating patients. From pediatric care in pediatric centers to adult senators. I can tell you patients are very resistant because ", 'disciplinary team is that nutritionist that is. Familiar with the needs of cystic fibrosis patients. A pharmacist that understands the a sort of from a kinetics that are important to understand in cystic fibrosis patient. And a social worker. As well -- on the periphery experts in and a crane who are -- and doctors -- ', "year old Sarah now breathing. With the machine after receiving a second set of adult lungs. Sarah suffers from severe  cystic fibrosis  and was in dire need for a transplant. And as we've been hearing from some of the reporters' questions there is a case ", "after receiving a second set of adult lungs. Sarah suffers from severe cystic fibrosis and was in dire need for a transplant. And as we've been hearing from some of the reporters' questions there is a ", "urgent donor list. When the parents of ten year old murder and learn their little girl needed lung transplant. Survivor  cystic fibrosis . They didn't give up. And with federal court convinced judge suspend the rules which Network to make an exception and ", "-- murder and learn their little girl needed -- lung transplant. Survivor cystic fibrosis . They didn't give up. And with federal court convinced judge suspend the rules which -- Network to make an exception and -- ", "urgent donor list. When the parents of ten year old murder and learn their little girl needed lung transplant. Survivor  cystic fibrosis . They didn't give up. They went to federal court convinced judge suspend the rules which Network to make an exception ", "-- murder and learn their little girl needed -- lung transplant. Survivor cystic fibrosis . They didn't give up. They went to federal court convinced judge suspend the rules which -- Network to make an exception and ", 'surgery and her doctors are pleased with her progress during the procedure on prognosis for recovery. She was dying of  cystic fibrosis  but because peed trim lung transplants are so complicated children under 12 normally have to wait for donor lungs from other ', 'progress during the procedure on prognosis for recovery. She was dying of cystic fibrosis but because peed trim lung transplants are so complicated children under 12 normally have to wait for donor lungs from other children. ', "rod on the issue over organ donation rules is getting a life saving lung transplant. Sarah Myrna who suffers from severe  cystic fibrosis . Will receive the transplant today at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia because of her age. could not get a whole ", "a life saving lung transplant. Sarah Myrna -- who suffers from severe cystic fibrosis . Will receive the transplant today at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia because of her age. -- could not get a whole list for ", "We have a reminder that we can overcome any limitation twelve year old Levi Johnson. From California has  cystic fibrosis  that's a disease attacking his lungs and digestive system still He just came in second place in any national. Bull riding ", "can overcome any limitation twelve year old Levi Johnson. From California has cystic fibrosis that's a disease attacking his lungs and digestive system still He just came in second place in any national. Bull riding championship ", 'temporarily allowed ten year old Sarin them to be placed on the adult donor list for lung transplant. who has end stage  cystic fibrosis  has to wait for pediatric lungs to become available. Because of a rule banning children under twelve from the waiting list ', 'adult donor list for -- lung transplant. -- who has end stage cystic fibrosis has to wait for pediatric lungs to become available. Because of a rule banning children under twelve from the waiting list for ', "And beyond. it's ten year old Sarah Myrna hand of Newtown square suffers from  cystic fibrosis . And desperately needs a lung transplant. We spoke to Sarah's mother Janet outside Children's Hospital today last week things ", "it's ten year old Sarah Myrna hand of Newtown square suffers from cystic fibrosis . And desperately needs a lung transplant. We spoke to Sarah's mother Janet outside Children's Hospital today last week things. Critically the -- ", "pocket I hope they said that right discolored Sophia she's put her bronze up for auction to help a five year old neighbor  cystic fibrosis  isn't that great she said what she went to the Olympics that I would have metal put it up auction try to help you with ", "up for auction to help a five year old neighbor -- -- cystic fibrosis isn't that great she said what she went to the Olympics that I would have metal -- put it up auction try ", 'Christine is one of approximately 70000 people in the world with  cystic fibrosis . But no some experience my symptoms of the disease and lenders like have a much more severe case. So far there is no cure. The ', 'Christine is one of approximately 70000 people in the world with cystic fibrosis . But no -- some experience my symptoms of the disease and lenders like -- have a much more severe case. So far ', 'right. And a well it was absolutely. actually that episode was really fun it was about a little girl named Claire she has  cystic fibrosis  and she started doing flash mobs. To raise money for research and for families or maybe having financial troubles because ', 'really fun it was about a little girl named Claire she has cystic fibrosis and she started doing flash mobs. To raise money for research and for families or maybe having financial troubles because they have ', "Here's ABC's doctor Richard best. Two in the rear form of  cystic fibrosis  one gets better the other doesn't. part of a study for Holloway was at her lung function test skyrocketed because of  cystic fibrosis  Laura have damaged lungs. Persisted finally caught in don't ", "Here's ABC's doctor Richard best. Two -- in the rear form of cystic fibrosis one gets better the other doesn't. -- part of a study for new drugs it has the potential to dramatically change their ", "that Lewis Holloway was at her lung function test skyrocketed because of cystic fibrosis -- -- Laura have damaged lungs. Persisted finally caught in -- don't grow as well. Because of the genetic defects their bodies ", 'to Alexis loan boxing game been born with a genetic heart fish. Actually Owens was losing her lifelong struggle against  cystic fibrosis . Until surgeons replaced her lines with liver went to Megan Kingsley once an accomplished swimmer but after nine years ', 'a genetic heart fish. Actually Owens was losing her lifelong struggle against cystic fibrosis . Until surgeons replaced her lines with -- -- -- -- -- liver went to Megan Kingsley once an accomplished swimmer but after ', "son's medical records that you have put that in the public interest. To tip to tell people that this little child has  cystic fibrosis  I mean that was protest conventions who has a lot of people outraged to think you think has always.", 'public interest. To tip to tell people that this little child has cystic fibrosis I mean that was protest conventions who has a lot of people outraged -- to think you think has always. ', "matter. In 2006 just before Gordon Brown became Britain's prime minister He and his wife discovered their infant son had  cystic fibrosis . It is now alleged the Murdoch owned sun obtained stolen medical records. They told me this story. About prison's medical ", "Britain's prime minister He and his wife discovered their infant son had cystic fibrosis . It is now alleged the Murdoch owned sun obtained stolen medical records. They told me -- -- this story. About prison's medical. ", '27 year old Tiffany Tate goes through laborious process of inhaling antibiotics and other life drugs. She was born with  cystic fibrosis  but managed to win high school basketball championships and was a high school coach until the illness progressed. She was ', 'of inhaling antibiotics and other life -- drugs. She was born with cystic fibrosis but managed to win high school basketball championships and was a high school coach until the illness progressed. She was approved by ']