['memory, speech and vision. Templin was sent to an ophthalmologist, who suspected a stroke, and ordered a non-contrast  CT scan , according to court papers. That doctor suggested several diagnoses, including stroke and a brain tumor. A neuroradiologist ', 'helplessly as Willow tripped in Las Vegas last year and suffered a concussion. "Cut to an ambulance and fire truck and a  CAT scan ," she says. "What do they say? \'Kids fall.\' Welcome to parenthood! I thought, \'I can\'t handle this. I\'m fitting ', 'Time Study Finds Some Hospitals Bill Patients Many Times More Than Actual Procedure Cost', 'University Hospitals Case Medical Center. Last Friday morning, Linda Ackley arrived at the hospital, Allegiance Health, for a  CT scan  to check the supposed hernia. She said she had a "bloated abdomen" a week earlier. An initial scan revealed she was pregnant ', 'trying to find out what was going on and decided to give me a  CT scan . They made me get up from my stretcher and that\'s when the lights went out for me." Once doctors saw the  CT scan , they realized he\'d had a stroke. James was put on a breathing ', 'not define the cell of origin." Frei today told ABCNews.com that she got the call from A&M around noon saying Tiny\'s  CAT scan  came back clear, meaning the "aggressive cancer" found in his elbow did not spread to his lungs, which could have proved ', 'cell of origin," Frei wrote. Tiny is scheduled to have a  CAT scan  on Friday to see how far the tumor has spread. The SPAH staff options for the beloved cat seemed dire. "If Tiny Tim\'s  CAT scan  does not show [the] tumor has invaded his chest, we have ', "of an aging population, according to Zabramski, who is chief of cerebrovascular surgery at Barrow. NPH is diagnosed with a  CT scan  or MRI, followed by a spinal tap to drain fluid from the brain. If the patient's condition improves, NPH is the likely ", 'mother to take him to the doctor. His  CT scan  a few days later came back normal, but saying, \'I feel like crap, but my  CT scan  is fine, so I\'ll play.\'" Second second impact, Turner said. Cody\'s  CT scan , which is the first to exist for an SIS ', "student was on the right track. Poligone ordered a glucagon test and an insulin test. Both came back abnormal. He ordered a  CT scan  to look at Williams' pancreas, which pinpointed a tumor. When Williams was finally diagnosed in December 2010, he Googled ", 'nose and throat specialist. A protein indicates whether it is cerebrospinal fluid. When results came back positive and a  CT scan  revealed two lines in her sinus, she was referred to the University of Arizona Medical Center. The two-hour surgery went ', 'neck, with only an 8-inch mat to break her fall. Miles was immediately taken to St. Joseph Hospital in Tacoma, where a  CAT scan  showed her C4 vertebrae had been dislocated, though not severed. That leaves the door open for recovery, but doctors have ', 'that for people who have some risk factors if you add on. A  cat scan  look at cal your heart. That additional piece of data that saying in people who have. Already some risk factors. The  cat scan . Gives additional information we have not yet demonstrated ', "for people who have some risk factors if you add on. A cat scan look at cal -- your heart. That additional piece of data that cats can well help us tell whether you have a high risk -- -- low risk of getting heart disease. But there there's a really important point her as well they look only at the people who are already. -- what we call intermediate risk. So they are saying in people who have. Already some risk factors. The cat scan . Gives additional information we have not yet demonstrated that getting these calcium scans. Improves outcomes. In -- one. So we would tell ", 'a cardiac pacemaker or certain types of in and clips for example.  cat scan  or computed tomography scan uses radiation to evaluate spinal abnormalities. For instance.  CT scan  can but can be used to violate spinal fractures his creation and spinal ', 'pacemaker or certain types of in -- and clips for example. -- cat scan or computed tomography scan uses radiation to evaluate spinal abnormalities. For instance. -- CT scan can but can be used to violate spinal fractures his creation and spinal cirrhosis or -- of the spinal canal. CT scanning ', 'the regular chest X ray a regular  CT scan  a hundred times more radiation. With parts of the brain. So an abdominal  cat scan . May expose. Ovaries a brain cat when they go out into the sun. But  CT scan  while it may expose patients to more ', "regular X rays and let's say chest X ray. Vs an ordinary CT scan verses a CT profusion scan will leave MRIs out because they don't involve. I'm not using radiation so talk about both free and give us some sense of the amount of radiation -- well. Well rough comparison is that a chest. X ray is about 1100. Of the radiation exposure that you would get from the CT scan . And a CT profusion scan is roughly several hundred chest actress. In the cases that we've seen of excess radiation exposure it's the equivalent of receiving several thousand -- actress. So they got the regular chest X ray a regular CT scan a hundred times more radiation. With for fusion meeting something that you put in the bloodstream to highlight things several hundred times more than just that -- that I get that right. That's correct. What's important to also recognize it is not just the amount of radiation. But what -- the body of received radiation some parts of the body are more sensitive than others for example some studies. For example. The ovaries are more sensitive than parts of the brain. So an abdominal cat scan . May expose. Ovaries a brain cat scanners not going to do that. And younger people or certainly infants are developing young children brains are more sensitive we're told is that true. That is correct. Obviously we get radiation from many many sources. But I'm guessing that in ordinary medical life that cat scan because it's so widely used now for so many things. It's probably the major source of radiation for most patients and our in our country would that be correct. Certainly correct that CT scans expose patients to. A higher amount of radiation than most other sources people are exposed to radiation every day when they go out into the sun. But CT scan while it may expose patients to more radiation. When it's medically necessary. And properly administered. It can provide important information for diagnosing ", "experts say one would be enough money doing it to make more money. Because here's what it's doing to the body a single  CT scan  of the chest as equal to about 350 standard chest X rays. Two scans equivalent of 700 X rays answered tonight here rob Nelson ", "more money. Because here's what it's doing to the body a single CT scan of the chest as equal to about 350 standard chest X rays. Two scans equivalent of 700 X rays answered tonight here ", "or duration you know and the associated features like nor'easter. Smell sensitivities. Nausea to make the diagnosis. A  cat scan  and MRI occasionally shows small little dots. Are known as professionally as spots that these small little dots on the scans ", "features like -- nor'easter. Smell sensitivities. Nausea to make the diagnosis. A cat scan and MRI occasionally shows small little dots. -- Are known as professionally as -- spots that these small little dots on the ", "Doctor Donald chief of pediatric radiology at the duke university medical center. His topic CT scans and the stunning finding that these tests could be increasing your risk for cancer. I'm doctor Donald a radiologist to do medical center and this is a healthy life moment. Computerized tomography"]