['Philadelphia is one of many cities seeing a noticeable increase in GPS-targeted car prowls. In fact, 18 percent of thefts from vehicles there now involve a GPS.', 'A visible GPS unit is an obvious target. But car prowlers also look for any signs one might be hidden inside the vehicle, such as a mount on the window or dashboard. Even the circle left on the windshield from a suction cup mount is enough for some crooks to break in. They assume a GPS unit is hidden somewhere inside. So get rid of that tell-tale sign.', 'Some police departments have started public education programs to warn people about the growing problem. In Montgomery County, Md., the police department holds community meetings and mails out information. Drivers are encouraged to remove all valuable items, such as laptops, cell phones, MP3 players, and GPS units.', 'The department also gives residents a small microfiber cloth to wipe away the suction cup marks on their windshields.', 'The Police Explorers club goes to shopping malls and puts postcards under the windshield wipers of vehicles where electronic devices can be seen inside. The card explains that this increases the chance of a break-in. ', 'Garmin now provides police departments with dummy GPS units to put in bait vehicles. The vehicles are placed under surveillance and if the bad guys strike, the police are there to arrest them.', 'Paul Bryant learned that lesson the hard way a few weeks ago, when someone broke into his vehicle and tried to steal his GPS unit.', '"And it was completely brazen," he said. "There are cars everywhere, people coming home from work. It just took a matter of seconds."', "Bryant says his car was parked in a well-lit area in front of his condo, but that didn't stop the thief.", 'Luckily for Bryant, the clumsy crook dropped the unit and ran away. But replacing the busted window cost him about $250.', "We think we're clever when we put that GPS unit, MP3 player, or laptop in the glove compartment or under the seat. But here's a reality check: Crooks know where to look."]