["Deepak Chopra  on His BlackBerry, Snoring and Consciousness: Spiritual Teacher's Son's Intimate Portrait", 'Deepak Chopra  is the spiritual teacher to the stars interview together with "Nightline,"  Deepak Chopra  and his 37-year-old son talked from his family. "I am detached,"  Deepak Chopra  said. "I am independent. My love ', 'and operate on biblical principles." The gay rights campaign NOH8 , which is supported by "Glee" actress Jane Lynch,  Deepak Chopra , Miley Cyrus, Lindsay Lohan and the Kardashian sisters, among others, has also called for a Chick-fil-A boycott.', 'the story, interest soared. A host of celebrities from hip hop icon and entrepreneur Russell Simmons to new age leader  Deepak Chopra  to director Spike Lee have written and tweeted, calling for justice for Martin. Black radio and television hosts have also ', 'interest in the story soared. A host of celebrities from hip hop icon and entrepreneur Russell Simmons to new age leader  Deepak Chopra  to director Spike Lee have written and tweeted calling for justice for Martin Some celebs used their pulpits to drum up awareness ', 'health: "She\'ll continue to work with her spiritual advisors, who in the past have included her Kabbalah teacher and  Deepak Chopra ." She also has a robust support system: her three daughters with Bruce Willis, Rumer, Scout, and Tallulah; her professional ', "of netting - was joined by her mother, Cynthia Germanotta, who will serve as the foundation's president. Also on hand were Oprah Winfrey, inspirational speaker  Deepak Chopra  and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius.", 'plate. He then speaks to a larger gala of 900 guests at the adjoining ABC Carpet & Home department store hosted by author  Deepak Chopra , music executive Russell Simmons and others. Tickets for the gala started at $1,000. Obama wraps up his evening with ', "often violent rap lyrics talk about being tough in a cold, hard world, 50 Cent doesn't drink or smoke, he meditates with  Deepak Chopra , he owned a 4-pound dog named Oprah that he liked to dress up and lives in a mansion alone in Connecticut. And now ", 'getting a number of different prescriptions from a number of different names," said spiritual guru and former endocrinologist  Deepak Chopra , a friend of Jackson\'s. "This is a common thing amongst celebrity addicts because they demand what they want and there ', 'initiative designed by internationally renowned art director and technologist Alexander Tsiaras and wellness Guru  Dr .  Deepak Chopra  that aims to visually decipher through images and storytelling all the things going on inside the human body, or ', 'Moms of Imprisoned Iranian Hikers Inpatient, Have Started Hunger Strike to Bring Sons Home', "families of the hikers have started a hunger strike of their own. Cindy Hickey and Laura Fattal rolled it out last week.  Deepak Chopra  picked it up over the weekend. And now Alex is taking his turn. Laura Fattal will start again on June 4, her son Josh's ", 'future can bring," she told ABCNews.com. "To be in the here and now with my family, friends and professional life."  Deepak Chopra  Rather than make just one annual resolution, the spiritual guru takes inventory of his life every few months. "I take ', 'his nearly three decades of teaching, minded a body guru  deepak chopra  has created nothing short of a spiritual empire. But now sat down with both chopras to discuss the film. Reporter:  Deepak chopra , spiritual teacher to stars like kim kardashian, 50 cent ', "gaga, over his nearly three decades of teaching, minded a body guru deepak chopra has created nothing short of a spiritual empire. But now, a new documentary, made by his own son, is surprising some surprisinged a jektives his way, like smartphone aticket and detached father. Abc's dan harris sat down with both chopras to discuss the film. Reporter: Deepak chopra , spiritual teacher to stars like kim kardashian, 50 cent and lady gaga. The most influential person in my life. Reporter: And the ", "Famed spiritual teacher, the subject of son's new documentary, said he was focused on his career.", 'and corporations. Always lightning  Deepak Chopra  has a new book out called the soul helping you become an inspired leader.  Deepak Chopra  thank you so much for joining us that spirit. And vision necessary guest  Deepak Chopra  thank you so much for joining are opening ', "fifty books and lectures regularly to executives and corporations. Always -- lightning Deepak Chopra has a new book out called the soul of leadership. And it's aimed at helping you become an inspired leader. Deepak Chopra thank you so much for joining us that we Persian. Things are -- the soul of leadership you know the word soul. ", "the soul of leadership it's filled with spirit. And vision necessary guest Deepak Chopra thank you so much for joining -- are opening commitments. From. ", 'being have always been important aspects in the teachings of  Deepak Chopra . But up until now few have had 24/7 direct access to the all changed however with the new iPhone app authentic with  Deepak Chopra  featuring Tara Stiles and I am so blessed to have you with ', 'physical well being have always been important aspects in the teachings of Deepak Chopra . But up until now few have had 24/7 direct access to the best selling author and founder of the Chopra center for wellbeing. That has all changed however with the new iPhone app authentic -- with Deepak Chopra featuring Tara Stiles and I am so blessed to have you -- with. With me today studio. So we can talk about ', "O'clock Chopra a killer of this self help industry says He can help you live a calm and happy life. He recently gave us extensive behind the scenes access He did his very very busy life which He says He lives without stress. Such as this is when you're big. She wore a look this is what is it what", "Opening statements begin as Chopra defends theology's relationship with science."]