["Philadelphia, where Sarah is being treated, have declined to comment on her case. The Newtown Square girl, who has end-stage  cystic fibrosis , received two adult-lung transplants after a federal judge ruled in favor of her parents' lawsuit challenging national ", 'transplants, making it difficult for her to breathe on her own. The diaphragm surgery was another step. Sarah was dying of  cystic fibrosis  this time last month. The genetic condition affects cells that produce mucus, sweat and digestive fluid. Patients typically ', 'transplants, making it difficult for her to breathe on her own. The diaphragm surgery was another step. Sarah was dying of  cystic fibrosis  this time last month. The genetic condition affects cells that produce mucus, sweat and digestive fluid. Patients typically ', "of a ventilator soon. Sarah Murnaghan , who was dying of  cystic fibrosis  this time last month received an adult lung transplant on transplant the day before. Read about Sarah's transplant.  Cystic fibrosis  is a genetic condition that affects cells that produce mucus ", 'machine to a traditional ventilator. Sarah was dying of  cystic fibrosis  when her family brought the Under 12 Rule, a little-known Sarah and as a result are silent." Sarah was born with  cystic fibrosis , a genetic condition that affects cells that produce mucus ', "Sarah Murnaghan , the 10-year-old girl whose family successfully sued to make her more likely to get a pair of adult lungs, may have gotten a boost from public attention before her lung transplant last week, but now that it's over, some of that attention has turned negative. On Friday, June 14,", '10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan of Newtown Square, Pa., received a lung transplant on Wednesday. Sarah Murnaghan was dying of  cystic fibrosis  when her family brought the Under 12 Rule, a little-known organ transplant policy, to national attention after arguing ', 'Peterson is 10 years old, suffers from  cystic fibrosis  and is on the pediatric lung transplant Jordan is just happy to see another  cystic fibrosis  kid get a lucky break. "I\'m very The press used the term \'end stage  cystic fibrosis ,\'" Peterson said. "His biggest ', 'Sarah Murnaghan of Newtown Square, Pa., was dying of  cystic fibrosis  when her family brought the Under 12 Rule, a little-known sheer panic and terror in my life." Sarah was born with  cystic fibrosis , a genetic condition that affects cells that produce mucus ', 'past several weeks will receive a lung transplant today. Sarah Murnaghan, 10, of Newtown Square, Pa., was dying of  cystic fibrosis  when her family brought the Under 12 Rule, a little-known organ transplant policy, to national attention after arguing ', '10-year-old to the bottom of the adult lung transplant waiting list. Lawyers for Sarah Murnaghan, who is dying of  cystic fibrosis , convinced federal Judge Michael Baylson on June 5 that the Under 12 Rule was discriminatory, prompting a temporary restraining ', '10-year-old to the bottom of the adult lung transplant waiting list. Lawyers for Sarah Murnaghan, who is dying of  cystic fibrosis , convinced federal Judge Michael Baylson on June 5 that the Under 12 Rule was discriminatory, prompting a temporary restraining ', "Javier, his late brother, Joven, and Javier's co-patient at CHOP, Sarah Murnaghan, 10, were all born with  cystic fibrosis , a genetic condition that affects cells that produce mucus, sweat and digestive fluid. Patients typically suffer so much ", 'GMA on call 30000 people suffer from  cystic fibrosis  and twelve million of us attract twelve well. And governor struggles with  cystic fibrosis  a genetic disease that clogs the lungs to be a mainstay of treatment for  cystic fibrosis  this pounding helps loosen mucus in ', "Now the GMA on call 30000 people suffer from cystic fibrosis and twelve million of us attract twelve million turn out to carry the gene for this disease without even knowing it may be ever knowing it. It is a terminal disease and one that not long ago -- and early death but now there -- new hope for those with the disease people like and governor. And ABC news medical editor doctor Tim Johnson has her story. Very lucky have been very lucky. -- people my age that don't do as well. And governor struggles with cystic fibrosis a genetic disease that clogs the lungs and pancreas with sticky mucus. Making breathing and digestion difficult. She was diagnosed as a baby in 1981 when patients were usually dying in their teens from Seattle as it's often call. There was not. A whole lot to do in terms of treatment for them. In fact this used to be a mainstay of treatment for cystic fibrosis this pounding helps loosen mucus in the lungs. But it didn't help most patients live past child. And smiling face is the ", 'immediately after surgery in June 12 she was and realistic for another transplant for June 15. It was the last treatment available for her  cystic fibrosis . Her parents successfully fought tonight adult for being transplanted into children.', 'transplant for June 15. It was the last treatment available for her cystic fibrosis . Her parents successfully fought -- tonight adult -- for being transplanted into children. ', "therapy in the fight against  cystic fibrosis . Joining us now to explain the defective protein in  cystic fibrosis  or the kind of protein that's about 5% of patients with  cystic fibrosis  it's a very exciting development ", 'Journal of Medicine uncovers a breakthrough new therapy in the fight against cystic fibrosis . Joining us now to explain his doctor Pamela Davis volcanologist and dean at case western reserve school of medicine. Doctor Davis welcome ', "that right. Yes this drug is directed at the defective protein in cystic fibrosis or the kind of protein that's defective. In about 5% of patients with cystic fibrosis it's a very exciting development. That's a little bit let's back up a little bit and talk about cystic fibrosis itself -- more familiar what exactly. Is -- cystic fibrosis -- know the genetic diseases that it's the largest disease. That of affects caucasians cracked. It's a very common genetic disease film ", 'states have screening programs. So that most if not all patients with cystic fibrosis are identified in the first month -- life. And so once it is diagnosed what. Is the current treatment -- -- this ', "Cystic fibrosis  although it's known as a childhood through. That labeling of being a  cystic fibrosis  patients these patients now are have to take. Towards. An older  cystic fibrosis  patient very similar to someone ", "Cystic fibrosis although it's known as a childhood diseases actually changed radically in the last two decades we are seeing patients now. Live into their forties and there -- disease no longer defines them. As individuals in fact these patients or people have actually broken through. That labeling of being a cystic fibrosis patients these patients now are getting married. They are going to college in their thinking about having children. So these these individuals. Pose on new challenges for their physicians it and in thinking about their disease state. It definitely is a multi disciplinary approach that you have to take. Towards. An older cystic fibrosis patient very similar to someone. That is half their age or younger teenager child the multi disciplinary team should not only consist of a the provider that is an expert in adults CF care. And this is one of the challenges facing cystic fibrosis care is graduating patients. From pediatric care in pediatric centers to adult senators. I can tell you patients are very resistant because ", 'disciplinary team is that nutritionist that is. Familiar with the needs of cystic fibrosis patients. A pharmacist that understands the a sort of from a kinetics that are important to understand in cystic fibrosis patient. And a social worker. As well -- on the periphery experts in and a crane who are -- and doctors -- ', "year old Sarah now breathing. With the machine after receiving a second set of adult lungs. Sarah suffers from severe  cystic fibrosis  and was in dire need for a transplant. And as we've been hearing from some of the reporters' questions there is a case ", "after receiving a second set of adult lungs. Sarah suffers from severe cystic fibrosis and was in dire need for a transplant. And as we've been hearing from some of the reporters' questions there is a ", "urgent donor list. When the parents of ten year old murder and learn their little girl needed lung transplant. Survivor  cystic fibrosis . They didn't give up. And with federal court convinced judge suspend the rules which Network to make an exception and ", "-- murder and learn their little girl needed -- lung transplant. Survivor cystic fibrosis . They didn't give up. And with federal court convinced judge suspend the rules which -- Network to make an exception and -- ", "urgent donor list. When the parents of ten year old murder and learn their little girl needed lung transplant. Survivor  cystic fibrosis . They didn't give up. They went to federal court convinced judge suspend the rules which Network to make an exception ", "-- murder and learn their little girl needed -- lung transplant. Survivor cystic fibrosis . They didn't give up. They went to federal court convinced judge suspend the rules which -- Network to make an exception and "]