['And no matter where your amusement park plans take you this summer, check out our Amusement Park Survival Guide.', 'Lots of places offer dolphin swim experiences, but leave it to SeaWorld to let people in the water with the rare and cartoonish-looking Beluga whale. Kissing the Beluga is the high point of an animal-intensive behind-the-scenes tour that also introduces a small number of guests to polar bears and Pacific walruses. This is one of a few VIP experiences offered at SeaWorld San Diego.Universal Studios HollywoodUniversal Studios VIP Experience', "Offering a  combination of line-jumping privileges, visits to completely staged landmarks (Courthouse Square, Little Europe) and mundane behind-the-curtain peeks (NBCUni employee parking), the recently re-imagined VIP Experience is great for visitors who want a star sighting and a gourmet lunch to break up 10 hours' worth of rides and CityWalk madness. In the hot summer months, the air-con on the trolley is reason enough to splurge for this pass.Ben HansenNickelodeon Suites Resort", "Orlando's Nickelodeon-themed hotel isn't exactly a theme park (though it's partnered with many), but it certainly offers an, um, immersive visitor experience. One main reason to stay here is to be slimed. If you don't want to be part of the daily mass sliming at the pool, upgrade to a private sliming. Or, buy your way into the Double Dare Live game show reenactment, and get slimed onstage for an audience of fellow hotel guests! All of this is wildly popular, but if you don't see the attraction, less sticky VIP experiences are available, including breakfast with SpongeBob or dinner with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.Santa Cruz Beach BoardwalkSanta Cruz Beach Boardwalk", 'Hersheypark offers a similarly straightforward VIP experience, but with a couple notable differences -- perhaps because this is more of a family destination than a teen hangout. The "Sweet Access Pass" also gets you a complimentary 4x6 photo,  complimentary stroller or wheelchair loan, and two comped game vouchers for each pass-holder. Also, one meal is comped (encounters with Hershey costume characters are not guaranteed, but very likely) while additional food & drink gets a 15 percent discount.QuassyWooden Warrior at Quassy', "Support your local family-owned amusement park, and they will hook you up in ways a huge park never would. For example, Quassy Amusement Park in Middlebury, Conn., offers all kinds of perks to season pass holders, ranging from private behind-the-scenes tours of their Wooden Warrior coaster (pictured) to invitations to appear in Quassy TV commercials. Now THAT's star treatment.", "Airport Wheelchair Abuse Hits Disabled 6 Under-the-Radar Summer Vacation Destinations5 Hotel Kids' Clubs Travelers Love Expert Tips for Surviving (and Enjoying) Amusement Parks", 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']