['Dr. Marc Gillinov says calcium scans have not yet demonstrated improved outcomes.', 'a cardiac pacemaker or certain types of in and clips for example.  cat scan  or computed tomography scan uses radiation to evaluate spinal abnormalities. For instance.  CT scan  can but can be used to violate spinal fractures his creation and spinal ', 'pacemaker or certain types of in -- and clips for example. -- cat scan or computed tomography scan uses radiation to evaluate spinal abnormalities. For instance. -- CT scan can but can be used to violate spinal fractures his creation and spinal cirrhosis or -- of the spinal canal. CT scanning ', 'the regular chest X ray a regular  CT scan  a hundred times more radiation. With parts of the brain. So an abdominal  cat scan . May expose. Ovaries a brain cat when they go out into the sun. But  CT scan  while it may expose patients to more ', "regular X rays and let's say chest X ray. Vs an ordinary CT scan verses a CT profusion scan will leave MRIs out because they don't involve. I'm not using radiation so talk about both free and give us some sense of the amount of radiation -- well. Well rough comparison is that a chest. X ray is about 1100. Of the radiation exposure that you would get from the CT scan . And a CT profusion scan is roughly several hundred chest actress. In the cases that we've seen of excess radiation exposure it's the equivalent of receiving several thousand -- actress. So they got the regular chest X ray a regular CT scan a hundred times more radiation. With for fusion meeting something that you put in the bloodstream to highlight things several hundred times more than just that -- that I get that right. That's correct. What's important to also recognize it is not just the amount of radiation. But what -- the body of received radiation some parts of the body are more sensitive than others for example some studies. For example. The ovaries are more sensitive than parts of the brain. So an abdominal cat scan . May expose. Ovaries a brain cat scanners not going to do that. And younger people or certainly infants are developing young children brains are more sensitive we're told is that true. That is correct. Obviously we get radiation from many many sources. But I'm guessing that in ordinary medical life that cat scan because it's so widely used now for so many things. It's probably the major source of radiation for most patients and our in our country would that be correct. Certainly correct that CT scans expose patients to. A higher amount of radiation than most other sources people are exposed to radiation every day when they go out into the sun. But CT scan while it may expose patients to more radiation. When it's medically necessary. And properly administered. It can provide important information for diagnosing ", "experts say one would be enough money doing it to make more money. Because here's what it's doing to the body a single  CT scan  of the chest as equal to about 350 standard chest X rays. Two scans equivalent of 700 X rays answered tonight here rob Nelson ", "more money. Because here's what it's doing to the body a single CT scan of the chest as equal to about 350 standard chest X rays. Two scans equivalent of 700 X rays answered tonight here ", "or duration you know and the associated features like nor'easter. Smell sensitivities. Nausea to make the diagnosis. A  cat scan  and MRI occasionally shows small little dots. Are known as professionally as spots that these small little dots on the scans ", "features like -- nor'easter. Smell sensitivities. Nausea to make the diagnosis. A cat scan and MRI occasionally shows small little dots. -- Are known as professionally as -- spots that these small little dots on the ", "Doctor Donald chief of pediatric radiology at the duke university medical center. His topic CT scans and the stunning finding that these tests could be increasing your risk for cancer. I'm doctor Donald a radiologist to do medical center and this is a healthy life moment. Computerized tomography", 'the costs also reflect more than the cost of serving an individual patient. There needs to be a menu. An mri costs this, a  ct scan  costs this, a tonsillectomy costs this. Reporter: But it turns out patients now have tools to fight back. I missed you ', 'patient. There needs to be a menu. An mri costs this, a ct scan costs this, a tonsillectomy costs this. Reporter: But it turns out patients now have tools to fight back. I missed you! Reporter: ', 'A  CT scan  for an assignment might have saved "Nightline" anchor Bill Weir\'s life', "down and immediately started to adjust the contrast on the  CT scan . And I noticed that the the inside of death the wife was not all it was there are moments when you're looking at this  cat scan  we're where you really didn't believe what you were and ", "sat down and immediately -- started to adjust the contrast on the CT scan . And I noticed that the the inside of death the wife was not solid metal at all it was there are moments when you're looking at this cat scan we're where you really didn't believe what you were -- and it couldn't have been more than a couple seconds but I ", "down and immediately started to adjust the contrast on the  CT scan . And I noticed that the the inside of death the wife was not all it was there are moments when you're looking at this  cat scan  we're where you really didn't believe what you were and ", "sat down and immediately -- started to adjust the contrast on the CT scan . And I noticed that the the inside of death the wife was not solid metal at all it was there are moments when you're looking at this cat scan we're where you really didn't believe what you were -- and it couldn't have been more than a couple seconds but I ", 'circulation. Having a good intravenous line in and then very quickly a cat  CT scan  Basically a computerized X ray of the brain that shows you the brain structure. The  cat scan  is very sensitive for showing hemorrhage even in the first minutes. After ', "good intravenous line in and then very quickly a cat -- -- CT scan -- -- -- Basically a computerized X ray of the brain that shows you the brain structure. The cat scan is very sensitive for showing hemorrhage even in the first minutes. After a stroke it's not as sensitive for showing changes that ", "Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords'  CAT scan  shows no further swelling in brain.", "while later throughout. So I got myself home and it's my wife took me to the hospital. And a couple hours later after.  CT scan . Talking to the doctors I got a pretty scary diagnosis I was told that I had a Iraq hemorrhage. And that's the kind of bleeding ", 'wife took me to the hospital. And a couple hours later after. CT scan . Talking to the doctors I got a pretty scary diagnosis I was told that I had a -- Iraq -- hemorrhage. And ', "factors before you go on a cholesterol medication I ask your doctor about this. A coronary artery calcium test is basically as  CT scan  of your heart in an X ray. It will look at those arteries and see whether there's any fact building now. There's a there's ", "your doctor about this. A coronary artery calcium test is basically as CT scan of your heart in an X ray. It will look at those arteries and see whether there's any fact building now. There's ", "got picked and that's the picture snapping a and you realize pulled my hair blew my mind and yes my life but this this is a  CT scan . This cost about thirteen hundred dollars pocket if I'd done it's more expensive in some places and you could you want ", "blew my mind and yes my life but this this is a CT scan . This cost about thirteen hundred dollars pocket if I'd done it's more expensive in some places and you could you want a ", "his back heartbreaking. Laura Beth is still trying to understand how her daughter unwittingly became a human target. This  CT scan  shows how the tip bent shaft of the entered through her back. She's angry because that's happened and she doesn't understand ", "trying to understand how her daughter unwittingly became a human target. This CT scan shows how the tip bent shaft of the -- entered through her back. She's angry because that's happened and she doesn't understand ", 'check up. Well if you watch last night you saw that for this knucklehead. It a controversial procedure known as a cardiac  CT scan  and tonight I think about life and health. Like I never half but could such a test be right for you and what about other amazing ', 'for this knucklehead. It -- a controversial procedure known as a cardiac CT scan and tonight I think about life and health. Like I never half but could such a test be right for you and ', "certain of my invincibility mean. Look at that. During the  CT scan  my heart rate is a beautiful fifty beats a minute. But what some changes but you don't need a thirteen hundred dollar  CT scan  to snap into a healthier life. And my prescription. Is universal ", "was still certain of my invincibility mean. Look at that. During the CT scan my heart rate is a beautiful fifty beats a minute. But what this machine found inside my ticker change my life. When we locked in that one of your most important arteries in the heart quoting -- dean. There is one lesion in there. Where there's pacification. Given my genetics lifestyle and -- tells me that a heart attack could come on a ski slope or jogging path within five years. Unless I make some changes but you don't need a thirteen hundred dollar CT scan to snap -- into a healthier life. And my prescription. Is universal. I don't want you -- low fat diet -- wouldn't ", "An outbreak and attacks. I'm. Hoping people to the botanical garden food. First order of business in New Zealand the  cat scan  and an MRI tomorrow morning. That brain scan will determine whether it's safer to fly straight on back to Johns Hopkins ", "the botanical garden food. First order of business in New Zealand the cat scan and an MRI tomorrow morning. That brain scan will determine whether it's safer to fly straight on back to Johns Hopkins medical "]