["Propelled by Ashley Wagner (Alexandria, Va.) and Gracie Gold's (Springfield, Ill.) second and third-place finishes in the free skate, Team USA won the 2013 ISU World Team Trophy, held April 11-14 in Tokyo. Madison Chock (Redondo Beach, Calif.) and Evan Bates (Ann Arbor, Mich.) won the short dance event with a season-best score of 98.37 points.U.S. WOMEN TASTE REVENGE, CLAIM GOLDIn a thrilling victory, the U.S. Women's National Ice Hockey Team defeated Canada, 3-2, in the gold-medal game of the 2103 IIHF World Women's Championship, held on April 9 in Ottawa, Ontario. Amanda Kessel's (Madison, Wis.) game-winning goal in the third period sealed Team USA's fourth gold medal in the last five world championships. Brianna Decker (Dousman, Wis.) and Megan Bozek (Buffalo Grove, Ill.) contributed the first two goals for Team USA.CURLINGThe U.S. Women's Senior Curling Team came out firing with an 11-2 win over Ireland at the 2013 World Senior Curling Championships, held April 13-20 in Fredericton...", "Women's 100m Breaststroke Final: 15-Year-Old Ruta Meilutyte Wins Gold, Rebecca Soni Takes Silver", "Ruta Meilutyte of Lithuania became the youngest swimmer to ever win the women's 100m breaststroke, just edging out Rebecca Soni of Team USA at the wall Monday at the...", "China and the United States will trade the medal lead back and forth over the course of the 2012 London Olympics. Monday afternoon's swimming events helped the Ameri...", "Missy Franklin rested her head against the side of the pool, beaming ear-to-ear.There were smiles, too, for Matthew Grevers and France's Yannick Agnel.Not so for Rya...", "Life just keeps on getting bigger and better for Missy Franklin, the teenage swimming sensation whose fame is quickly spreading beyond the Olympic pool.Even Bieber's...", "There's nothing like a good rivalry to get the competitive juices flowing.At the Olympic pool in London, get ready to savor Michael Phelps vs. Ryan Lochte.They are t...", "Ryan Lochte and Michael Phelps stayed on course for their second showdown at the U.S. Olympic swimming trials on Tuesday. Janet Evans' first appearance in the meet w...", "Michael Phelps earned a little revenge against Ryan Lochte, bettering his rival in the final of the men's 200-meter freestyle at the U.S. Olympic trials.Phelps, who ...", "Back and forth they went, Michael Phelps and Ryan Lochte turning the U.S. Olympic trials into nothing more than a match race between the world's two greatest swimmer...", 'Michael Phelps finally gets a night off from battling Ryan Lochte.The 14-time Olympic gold medalist has the spotlight to himself in the 200-meter butterfly final on ...', 'Michael Phelps finally gets a night off from battling Ryan Lochte.The 14-time Olympic gold medalist has the spotlight to himself in the 200-meter butterfly final on ...', 'Ryan Lochte got his busy Friday under way by qualifying fastest in the 200-meter backstroke at the U.S. Olympic swimming trials. He returned a short time later and s...', 'Brendan Hansen and Eric Shanteau were the favorites.The race was a different matter.In another major breaststroke upset, Scott Weltz won the 200 meters at the U.S. O...', 'Kikkan Randall (Anchorage, Alaska) and Jessie Diggins (Afton, Minn.) captured gold in the team sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships on Feb. 24 in Val di ...', 'Ryan Lochte came up short once again.This time the Cuban swimmer lost to France a second time in a row, in the 200-meter freestyle on Monday, coming in fourth place....', "On a day that could feature the last individual medal of Michael Phelps' Olympic career, Jessica Hardy of the United States qualified for the semifinals of the women...", 'The United States will try to continue its success at the North Greenwich Arena on Monday when the men take aim at their first team gymnasitics medal since 1984.Led ...', 'Michael Phelps was back in the pool Monday morning barely 13 hours after France rallied to beat the U.S. in the 400-meter freestyle relay with a surge in the last 50...', "Ryan Lochte didn't pull through at the end of the men's 4x100 relay on Sunday at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He'll have a chance to redeem himself on Day Three, with a...", 'China and the United States seem likely to do battle for the top spot in the 2012 Olympics medal count for the better part of a fortnight. On Day Three, though, the ...']