["9-1 shot Fort Larned wins $5 million Classic, capping weekend of upsets at Breeders' Cup ", 'Bob Baffert got beat again in the $5 million Breeders\' Cup Classic. Bill Mott settled for half of a repeat sweep in the weekend\'s two biggest races.The Hall of Fame trainers could only wince as 9-1 long shot Fort Larned won North America\'s richest race on Saturday night, capping a weekend of upsets in the world championships at Santa Anita.Fort Larned ran the race of his life, leading all the way to win by a half-length over Mucho Macho Man.The highly anticipated Classic was strictly a two-horse race to the finish in front of 55,123.Game On Dude, the 7-5 favorite, ran what Baffert said was "probably the worst race of his life" in finishing seventh. He lost in the closing strides a year ago at Churchill Downs.Mott\'s trio of Flat Out (third), Ron the Greek (fourth) and To Honor and Serve (10th) came up short."I don\'t think we have any huge excuse," he said.Mott, unlike Baffert, didn\'t leave empty-handed. Royal Delta successfully defended her title in the $2 million Ladies\' Classic on Fri...', 'Bode Baffert has never been so nervous about a race. The 7-year-old son of Hall of Fame trainer Bob Baffert is the namesake of the 138th Kentucky Derby morning-line ...', "Promoting Mogul, Investing WhizIf you ever saw Led Zeppelin, the Rolling Stones or many other rock icons in concert, it's likely that Barry Fey was the concert promo...", "NEW YORK -- Zenyatta could be getting her favorite beer straight from the tap if she wins the Breeders' Cup Classic on Saturday.Guinness said Friday it is offering a...", 'Democrats are targeting $126 million in tax write-offs for the horse-racing industry that they say amount to a "Bluegrass Boondoggle" offered up by Senate Minority L...', 'Jonathan Weinbach, The Wall Street Journal, discusses the money behind horse racing.', "Robert Clay, Three Chimney's Farm owner, discusses the farm's breeding deal with potential Triple Crown winner Big Brown.", "Royal Delta, trio of Classic runners set up trainer Bill Mott for Breeders' Cup  sweep", "Bill Mott is in position to duplicate the ultimate daily double. The Hall of Fame trainer swept the $2 million Ladies' Classic and $5 million Classic at last year's ...", 'LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Jockey fights in horse racing are as much a part of the sport as whips, saddles and the $2 bet.Most times, the dustups take place behind closed do...', "LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Put the blame on Blame for breaking Zenyatta's magnificent winning streak -- and a lot of hearts, too.Jockey Mike Smith wept. Owners Jerry and Ann...", "LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Chamberlain Bridge won the $1 million Turf Sprint at the Breeders' Cup, giving jockey Jamie Theriot and trainer Bret Calhoun their second wins of ...", "After crossing the finish line, Zenyatta knows only one place to go - straight to the winner's circle. She's visited it 19 times in her career. Al Stall Jr. isn't su...", 'DERBY LIVE: Undercard, Pitino, fashionably wet, sloppy track, celebs, Revolutionary fave', 'The 139th running of the Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs will have a field of 19 horses breaking from the starting gates at 6:24 p.m. EDT on Saturday.Just over two...', "Column: With colt as patient as he is, Kentucky's McGaughey wins the race that matters most", "It's always tougher on a native son.Grow up in the heart of horse country the way Shug McGaughey did, and there's only one race that ever really matters. McGaughey w..."]