["one of five opioids: codeine, hydrocodone, oxycodone,  propoxyphene  and tramadol. They found that patients taking codeine or misuse of opioid drugs. In November, the FDA requested that  propoxyphene 's maker, Xanodyne, remove the drug from shelves after ", 'prescription painkillers  Darvon  and  Darvocet , which combines  Darvon  with the aspirin manufacturers of generic  propoxyphene  to do the same prescription containing  propoxyphene  for mild to moderate review of the drug.  Darvon , developed by Eli ', 'Atwood. Another representative for MCready, Brent Young, told TMZ that McCready may have had a bad reaction to the painkiller  Darvocet  and her mom called 911. "She can\'t believe her mom did this," Young said. Over the years, the country crooner has received ', 'government is letting the painkillers  Darvocet ,  Darvon  and their generic cousins FDA for a phased withdrawal of  propoxyphene , saying that the drug had been box warnings on  propoxyphene  ( Darvon ,  Darvocet ) do not go far enough ', 'packages of  Darvon ,  Darvocet  and other containing the drug  propoxyphene  -- but it Experts Split on  Darvon ,  Darvocet Propoxyphene -containing Exists on  Darvon ,  Darvocet  Overdoses related to  propoxyphene  have been ', 'concerns."  Propoxyphene -containing withdrawal of  dextropropoxyphene  from the overdoses.  Dextropropoxyphene , which is called  propoxyphene  in the United brand name  Darvon  and is marketed banned.  Darvocet  contains ', 'Market The painkiller  dextropropoxyphene  should be withdrawn from Street Journal reported.  Dextropropoxyphene , which is called  propoxyphene  in the United States 1957 under the brand name  Darvon  and is marketed today ', 'FDA Experts Recommend Banning  Darvon Darvon , a decades-old painkiller chiefly marketed as  Darvocet , should be banned by the U.S. Food voted 14-12 to recommend withdrawing  Darvon , first approved in 1957. Earlier Friday ', 'HealthDay: FDA Experts Recommend Banning  Darvon Darvon , a decades-old painkiller chiefly marketed as  Darvocet , should be banned by the U.S. Food voted 14-12 to recommend withdrawing  Darvon , first approved in 1957. Earlier Friday ']