['a difference between being  psychotic , which is a mental illness confuse and interchange the terms  psychotic  and psychopath, and occasionally definition, those who are  psychotic  have hallucinations,  delusions  and disordered thinking, or ', 'not distinguishable for a  psychotic  episode." "It\'s not your hallucinations, extreme stress,  delusions  and disordered thinking, according to NIDA. "How  psychotic  can somebody get? Probably as  psychotic  as anyone with schizophrenia ', "he had a history of violence or  psychotic  behavior, but Holmes's mother are usually not suffering from a  psychotic  disorder such as schizophrenia alternate reality, suffering from  delusions  of threats and making plans to make ", 'Aguiar\'s psychosis manifested itself in both  grandiose  and paranoid  delusions ," a court document from 2010 reads. "With respect to his paranoid  delusions , Aguiar has stated on multiple occasions that ', 'Aguiar\'s psychosis manifested itself in both  grandiose  and paranoid  delusions ," a court document from 2010 reads. "With repect to his paranoid  delusions , Aguiar has stated on multiple occasions that ', "confession from someone who has  psychotic  mental illness, Hernandez's dreams, fantasies and  delusions . Until such details are whether the confessor is  psychotic  or not, and the determination see in which areas he is  psychotic , and which other areas ", "'OFF LABEL': Tribeca Film Captures Our Insatiable Appetite for Prescription Drugs", 'Markingson was admitted to a psychiatric hospital in 2003 with  delusions  and was prescribed the antidepressant Seroquel by his and gaunt and believed he was plagued by devils. He was  psychotic ." After five months in the trial, at age 27, Markingson ', 'undiagnosed and untreated bipolar disorder with psychosis since his early teens. She said Neuman experienced  delusions , and had  erotomania , meaning that he thought he was having an affair with Andrea Schneiderman, the wife of victim Rusty Schneiderman ', "Dunwoody Daycare Murder: Closing Arguments From Both Sides Implicate 'Manipulative' Widow", 'dismiss defense claims that Neuman suffered from  delusions  and child abuse, instead painting him as a calculating early teens. She also added that Neuman experienced  delusions , and had  erotomania , meaning that thought he was having an affair with ', 'Dunwoody Daycare Murder: Hemy Neuman is Mentally Ill, Not Legally Responsible for Killing, Psychologist Testifies', "undiagnosed and untreated bipolar disorder with psychosis since his early teens. Neuman had also experienced  delusions , and had  erotomania , meaning that thought he was having an affair with Andrea Sneiderman , the victim's wife, she added. Flores ", "Jared Loughner's Defense Team May Be Looking for Mental Illness in His Relatives", '22-year-old Loughner has  delusions  and hallucinations --  psychotic  symptoms that can distort a of reality. "We know that  psychotic  illnesses run in families said Raison, adding that  psychotic  people tend to have a logical ', 'That culture, some experts said, could serve as inspiration for people who suffer from mental illness . "The content of a  psychotic  episode very often draws from the real world," said Josh Klapow, a clinical psychologist and associate professor at the ', "Court Temporarily Halts Forcible Medication of Gabrielle Giffords' Alleged Shooter", 'prison officials must temporarily stop administering anti- psychotic  medication to Jared Lee Loughner, who is charged in the was removed from the courtroom. Loughner, 22, who has  delusions  and hallucinations, is paranoid schizophrenic, according ', 'hallucinations. Also in  psychotic  depression where the individual people were not able to  Psychotic  depression may also be characterized by  delusions . In which the individual solutions are common in  psychotic  depression. The individual ', 'Psychotic depression is that this special form of extremely severe depression in which the individual experiences psychotic symptoms. What do we mean by psychotic symptoms what one type of psychotic symptoms that and depressed individuals may experience. His hallucinations. Hallucinations can come in different forms. One common type of hallucination. In. Severe psychotic depression is auditory hallucinations in which the depressed individual. Hears voices in his or her head. That. Can oftentimes be very critical or threatening. And sometimes -- command the individual to take actions such as acting on suicidal impulses. Visual hallucinations. Also -- in psychotic depression where the individual sees things. Often quite disturbing images that other people were not able to -- Psychotic depression may also be characterized by delusions . In which the individual experiences a break from reality and and a breakdown in their thought process. Paranoid solutions are common in psychotic depression. The individual made. Feel that others are talking about him or her behind their back often in -- quite threatening or scary went. Also individuals with psychotic depression tend to develop suicide audition and in the worst case scenarios may act on those suicidal impulses. The diagnosis of psychotic depression is extremely important because it leads to distinct forms of treatment. Not only with anti depressant medications but also with anti psychotic medications and sometimes with electro convulsive therapy Parise -- ', "bipolar disorder. It's not.  psychotic  symptoms are not always present extend to actual whose nations and  delusions . As part of these sped up state severely depressed than it also have.  Psychotic  symptoms that company that state ", "Certainly psychosis can be a part of bipolar disorder. It's not. -- psychotic symptoms are not always present. Bipolar disorder is understood by some as a disease that rate. That is a person is sped up -- judgment is is gone. They're full of energy they need less sleep than usual but often this can extend to actual whose nations and delusions . As part of these sped up state bipolar disorder likewise if someone is severely depressed than it also have. Psychotic symptoms that -- company that state. Sometimes relating to being. Unworthy or or filthy or frightened and paranoid -- others are trying ", 'expert in says the evidence is clear. Classic.  Delusions  of  persecution  and to false beliefs. There are indicators of psychosis. And the union. That a person is suffering from  psychotic  illness most like paranoid schizophrenia. So why ', 'An expert in -- -- -- says the evidence is clear. Classic. Delusions of persecution and -- to false beliefs. There are indicators of psychosis. And the union. That a person is suffering from psychotic illness most like -- paranoid schizophrenia. So why did this inning anyone intervened. And Diane where does a young man who does ', 'manic symptoms. May involve. Elevated mood.  Grandiose  thinking. Rapid speech. And decreased sleep particular bipolar one disorder. Maybe may develop  psychotic  symptoms. Such as paranoid  delusions . Auditory or visual hallucinations. And other ', 'with bipolar disorder and in particular bipolar one disorder. Maybe may develop psychotic symptoms. Such as paranoid delusions . Auditory or visual hallucinations. And other breakdowns in normal thinking processes. ', 'thousands of scornful comments online like. Dear Samantha you have a case of unhealthy nargis And possibly even  delusional disorder . And lady you are not pretty at all seriously invested in me hearing get a grip on reality sheets for this angry ', 'you have a case of unhealthy nargis -- -- And possibly even delusional disorder . And lady you are not pretty at all seriously invested in me hearing get a grip on reality sheets for -- this ', "Early on in my interview. Was that He wasn't treated psychopathic sex offender. had a mental illness. a  delusional disorder  that was never treated and I did not feel He had any remorse. I thought that He actually so that He was of their ", '-- treated psychopathic sex offender. -- had a mental illness. -- a delusional disorder that was never treated and I did not feel He had any remorse. I thought that He actually so that He was ', "told that they have a mental illness. But they're  delusions  get in the way of understanding in the fact that they There are cases however like Brothers where at the  psychotic delusions  precipitated violent behavior. And it's very very ", "can even be told that they have a mental illness. But they're delusions get in the way of understanding in the fact that they really are you know. I think it's also important to remember that most people with mental illness are -- violence. There are cases however like -- Brothers where at the psychotic delusions precipitated violent behavior. And it's very very difficult to projects. I think it's also really important to remember at this point that. "]