["Mexican authorities say they've rescued 165 migrants who were apparently kidnapped as they tried to cross into the United States. The victims were held in this house in the northeastern border state of Tamaulipas, Mexico, according to Mexico's Interior Ministry. ", 'The victims were held for weeks in squalid conditions as their captors demanded money from their families, officials said. ', 'An anonymous tip led soldiers to the house, where they freed the captives and took a suspect into custody. ', 'The soldiers detained Juan Cortez Arrez, 20, and handed him over to prosecutors.', "(CNN) -- Mexican authorities say they've rescued 165 migrants who were apparently kidnapped as they tried to cross into the United States.", "The victims were held for weeks in the northeastern border state of Tamaulipas, Mexico's Interior Ministry said Thursday.", 'One hundred fifty of the migrants are from Central America. Another 14 are Mexican nationals, and one is from India, the ministry said.', "They were crammed into a house and held in squalid conditions for two to three weeks, officials said. Photos released by the interior ministry showed blankets, shoes and buckets scattered on the fenced-in home's patio.", '"The victims said that they had the intention of entering the United States of America, but they were held against their will while a suspected criminal group contacted their families by phone and demanded different sums of money that were sent to their kidnappers," Interior Ministry spokesman Eduardo Sanchez said.', 'Rather than taking them across the border, human traffickers apparently handed the migrants over to criminal groups, he said.', 'An anonymous tip describing people with weapons at a home in the city of Gustavo Diaz Ordaz led Mexican soldiers to the scene.', 'In front of the house, soldiers spotted a gunman who tried to flee with they arrived, Sanchez said.', 'They detained suspect Juan Cortez Arrez, 20, and handed him over to prosecutors.', 'Drug cartels that operate in the area are known to have kidnapped migrants in the past and requested ransoms for their release.', 'Sanchez did not identify any criminal group that could be involved and declined to respond to questions.', 'Amnesty International has said that immigrants in Mexico "face a variety of serious abuses from organized criminal gangs, including kidnappings, threats and assaults."', "At least 11,333 migrants were kidnapped during a six-month period in 2010, Mexico's National Commission for Human Rights said.", 'That year, authorities also found the bodies of 72 slain immigrants from Central and South America on an abandoned ranch near the Mexico-U.S. border.', 'The Central American migrants freed Thursday included 77 Salvadorans, 50 Guatemalans and 23 Hondurans.', "More than 26,000 people have gone missing in Mexico over the past six years as violence surged and the country's government cracked down on drug cartels, according to Mexico's Interior Ministry. Authorities don't have data on how many of the disappearances were connected with organized crime.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]