['a skull fracture." He speculated that Clinton may have had a "predisposition to clot formation." She had a  deep vein thrombosis , a clot in the leg, in 1998. "It is likely she will be evaluated for a clotting abnormality," he said. Treatment ', 'and your own inactivity can be an ugly one-two punch that slows blood circulation, cracking open the door for  deep vein thrombosis , when blood coagulates to clog your veins. Women on the Pill or with a family history of blood clots should take ', 'symptoms go away and you can sleep," he said. In a worst-case scenario, untreated varicose veins can cause  deep vein thrombosis , which can be life-threatening. "The veins can get so big that they put so much pressure on the surface of ', "legs of a 25-year-old man after his workout on a stationary bike. The doctors determined he'd suffered  deep venous thrombosis  ( DVT ), clotting probably exacerbated by a hip fracture four years earlier. Despite treatment with blood thinners ", 'long flights can lead to  deep vein thrombosis , or blood clots in the the risk of developing  DVT , but sitting in an aisle as a risk factor for  DVT . "Traveling in economy risk for developing a  blood clot , even during long-distance increases their risk for  DVT ." Advanced age, pregnancy ', 'cause of death was a  blood clot  in his lung, but he also suffered from  deep vein thrombosis  and heart disease Office, said the  blood clot  was "most likely Risk factors for  deep vein thrombosis , or  DVT , include long distance ', 'the prevention of  deep vein thrombosis  in patients undergoing the prevention of  deep vein thrombosis  in patients undergoing based on the EINSTEIN  DVT  trial, which showed preventing recurrent  deep vein thrombosis . Rivaroxaban becomes ', 'develop rivaroxaban, had already secured marketing approval for the direct oral factor Xa inhibitor to prevent  deep vein thrombosis  in patients undergoing joint replacement surgery. In the application reviewed by the panel Thursday the company ', 'died as a result of a  blood clot  that formed after died in May from a  deep vein thrombosis , the coroner told the job center. A  deep vein thrombosis  is a clot that forms emergency treatment for a  blood clot  that doctors say could ', 'I\'ll say it again: my idea of "luxury" is pretty simple. Give me a comfortable seat (I\'m all for avoiding  deep vein thrombosis  on those eight-hour flights whenever possible), adequate bin space for my carryon, a speedy and painless few ', "of your calves is on fire, you might have  deep - vein thrombosis , or  DVT , also known as a  blood clot . Here's how it usually happens: A flight will do a CT scan or ultrasound to look for  DVT . If you have a clot, you'll need to take ", 'common source of the clot is  deep vein thrombosis  in the leg. If left untreated would have been at risk for  deep vein thrombosis , according to Dr. Mark Adelman predispose a patient to a  blood clot  in the leg that can travel ', 'effective Lovenox plus Coumadin in preventing recurrent  deep vein thrombosis , may be enough to move the FDA to approve the drug panel recommended approval of the drug to prevent  deep vein thrombosis  and pulmonary embolism in patients undergoing ', "complication of  deep vein thrombosis . Since then his coalition to prevent  deep vein thrombosis . She joins us today little bit about  deep vein thrombosis  because we know decline it's a  blood clot  usually forms in ", "He died suddenly and tragically of a pulmonary embolism. A complication of deep vein thrombosis . Since then his wife Melanie bloom has served tirelessly. As a spokesperson for the coalition to prevent deep vein thrombosis . She joins us today with her important message hi there -- takes so much for being here today before we talk about your story your very personal story. Tell us a little bit about deep vein thrombosis because we know that 300000 people die that every year and yet -- still somewhat of an unknown condition. Absolutely I never heard of this conditions like a horrible -- Dayton had lost its life. But essentially what it is is the decline it's a blood clot usually forms in the -- land. And can be fatal and that that -- -- piece of that clot breaks loose and ", 'What what He would you really like people to know -- about deep vein thrombosis when is it that still needs to get out there. People need to understand whether where they -- risk spectrum. They say ', 'hours on a plane or in a car but sitting for those extended periods of time could put at risk for something called  deep vein thrombosis . And here to talk about DDT is doctor Chris McGovern BC news medical contributor and cardiac surgeon. At Morristown ', 'extended periods of time could put -- at risk for something called deep vein thrombosis . And here to talk about DDT is doctor Chris McGovern -- BC news medical contributor and cardiac surgeon. At Morristown medical center ', 'doctors discovered a  blood clot  had formed, stemming time clinton has had a  blood clot . She had one in her of clot is called a  deep vein thrombosis . She probably had a happening. How serious is a  blood clot ? In her leg, probably ', 'another clot in her leg. That type of clot is called a deep vein thrombosis . She probably had a period of pro longed time in bed with the headaches and dizziness. That is a risk factor. We ', 'his left Doctors discovered he had a  blood clot  a condition called  deep vein thrombosis . It strikes millions of people every serious. The great worry is that the  blood clot  in the leg in the  deep vein  system might break off travel through ', "after experiencing pain in his left -- Doctors discovered he had a blood clot a condition called deep vein thrombosis . It strikes millions of people every year often after long airplane flights and doctor Tim Johnson joins us tonight and doctor Tim this condition can be quite serious. The great worry is that the blood clot in the leg in the deep vein system might break off travel through the blood vessel system. And block blood flow in the lungs or beyond in the harder even the brain when these blood clots. Block blood flow through the lungs we call them pulmonary M I and they can lead to sudden death in their larger form. Doctors are treating the vice president with blood donors alone on an outpatient basis this shows that his blood clot is not quite so serious not quite so large. They obviously wouldn't have let him go back to the office if they ", 'Cheney filled with his spokesperson described as my real discomfort in his cast. Doctors diagnosed it as  deep vein thrombosis . A  blood clot  that if untreated can break off travel to the lungs and prove fatal. Doctors say these clots often form ', 'described as my real discomfort in his cast. Doctors diagnosed it as deep vein thrombosis . A blood clot that if untreated can break off travel to the lungs and prove fatal. Doctors say these clots often form after sitting still ', "moment because. We have to Begin with something that happened on March 6 when Vice President Dick Cheney had a  deep vein thrombosis  and on this broadcast a doctor had this to say. We'll slipped undetected these thoughts as dimensional break ", "that happened on March 6 when Vice President Dick Cheney had a deep vein thrombosis and on this broadcast a doctor had this to say. We'll slipped undetected these thoughts as -- dimensional break -- can cause ", "least a 100000 deaths are caused by what's called  deep vein thrombosis . Clots in the legs or blood clots in the lungs terms of people watching. They may know this this  deep vein thrombosis . As another. Another late term called coach class ", "Each year at least a 100000 deaths are caused by what's called deep vein thrombosis . Clots in the legs or blood clots in the lungs called pulmonary analyst. These these are clots that can -- travels belongs. ", 'conditions and in terms of people watching. They may know this this deep vein thrombosis . As another. Another late term called coach class syndrome. Where somebody sits on a long plane ride traveling what is not what ']