["2007. Nominees for best performance by an actress in a supporting role are. Cate bloodshed in I'm not there.  Ruby Dee  in American gangster. It's cherish your Ronan in atonement. Amy Ryan in gone baby gone. And Tilda Swinton in Michael ", "actress in a supporting role are. Cate bloodshed in I'm not there. Ruby Dee in American gangster. It's cherish your Ronan in atonement. Amy Ryan in gone baby gone. And Tilda Swinton in Michael Clayton Kathy. ", "she was brilliant Amy Ryan is brilliant in gone baby gone she's like the new flavor but you know someone's. Ruby  Ruby Dee  in American gangster because Hollywood loves a career war. We've Bee I think 83 years old. Everyone's and in American ", "she's like the new flavor but you know someone's. -- Ruby -- Ruby Dee in American gangster because Hollywood loves a career war. We've Bee -- I think 83 years old. Everyone's -- -- -- -- ", "we go supporting actress Kate Blanchard I'm not there  Ruby Dee  in American gangster. and atonement Amy Ryan in gone baby winning consistently through some of the the awards. Rudy  Ruby Dee  was is a sentimental favorite thing and that took in Sweden ", "right so here we go supporting actress Kate Blanchard I'm not there Ruby Dee in American gangster. -- -- -- and atonement Amy Ryan in gone baby gone and Tilda Swinton in Michael -- and -- start with you what do you think we'll keep. -- has the most He right now she's been winning consistently through some of the the awards. -- Rudy Ruby Dee was is a sentimental favorite thing and that took in Sweden and can do a lot with Michael Clayton because she's until ", "the air but that's good but everybody was talking about it she was never mentioned it was always about Amy Ryan and  Ruby Dee  and sad but here told Clinton with the biggest craziest speech talking about her about George I mean fat and and in that ", 'it she was never mentioned it was always about Amy Ryan and Ruby Dee and -- -- sad but here -- told -- Clinton with the biggest craziest speech talking about her -- -- about George ']