["FC Dallas has been shut out in two straight matches, part of a lengthy victory drought since its best stretch of the season.That mirrors what's happened to the Colum...", "Who are the U.S. men's national team's best players?That is what Jurgen Klinsmann has been working to figure out through his first five matches as U.S. head coach. H...", 'Jurgen Klinsmann is looking to add some depth to the U.S. soccer team.With European and Mexican teams in the middle of their seasons, Klinsmann filled his 20-man ros...', 'Emiliano Bonfigli picked a good time to score his first Major League Soccer goal for Real Salt Lake on Wednesday as the rookie came off the bench to net the equalize...', 'FC Dallas midfielder Brek Shea was suspended three matches by Major League Soccer for "deliberately kicking the ball at an assistant referee."Shea committed the offe...', 'Having narrowly secured a playoff berth in its card match against FC Dallas on Wednesday, and coach Hans Backe is looking to his veterans to lead the club to a victo...', 'FC Dallas and U.S. winger Brek Shea will spend a month training with English Premier League club Arsenal this winter, the Major League Soccer club announced Thursday...', 'After a disappointing result midweek, the New England Revolution will have the dubious challenge of trying to rebound against Western Conference powerhouse FC Dallas...', "The United States men's national team returns to action on Saturday night, with FC Dallas star Brek Shea leading the team against Alejandro Moreno , Emilio Renteria ...", 'The United States looks like an offensive juggernaut after facing Cuba this week.Joe Corona got the Olympic qualifying tournament started with three goals and the Un...', 'Brek Shea picked a good time to score his first goal of the season for FC Dallas.Shea scored in the 88th minute Saturday as FC Dallas rallied from a goal down in the...', 'FC Dallas coach Schellas Hyndman was forced to recall Jackson from his loan to Brazilian side Cruzeiro this week, as Ricardo Villar joined fellow midfielder David Fe...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Defenders Fabian Johnson and Edgar Castillo will miss the United States' World Cup qualifier at Antigua and Barbuda on Friday, the latest players out of a critical m...", 'Alan Gordon celebrates his 31st birthday Tuesday. Maybe U.S. Soccer will give him a cap.Gordon is the fifth-oldest player currently in camp with the U.S. national te...', 'On the road: US national team knows win might be necessary to move on in World Cup qualifying', 'With the World Cup qualifying standings a mess, the U.S. national team has found a way to simplify things: win and win.There are other ways the U.S. could reach the ...', 'Julian De Guzman scored with virtually the last kick of the ball to power FC Dallas to a dramatic 1-0 defeat of Vancouver Whitecaps FC at FC Dallas Stadium on Saturd...']