['hours on a plane or in a car but sitting for those extended periods of time could put at risk for something called  deep vein thrombosis . And here to talk about DDT is doctor Chris McGovern BC news medical contributor and cardiac surgeon. At Morristown ', 'extended periods of time could put -- at risk for something called deep vein thrombosis . And here to talk about DDT is doctor Chris McGovern -- BC news medical contributor and cardiac surgeon. At Morristown medical center ', 'doctors discovered a  blood clot  had formed, stemming time clinton has had a  blood clot . She had one in her of clot is called a  deep vein thrombosis . She probably had a happening. How serious is a  blood clot ? In her leg, probably ', 'another clot in her leg. That type of clot is called a deep vein thrombosis . She probably had a period of pro longed time in bed with the headaches and dizziness. That is a risk factor. We ', 'his left Doctors discovered he had a  blood clot  a condition called  deep vein thrombosis . It strikes millions of people every serious. The great worry is that the  blood clot  in the leg in the  deep vein  system might break off travel through ', "after experiencing pain in his left -- Doctors discovered he had a blood clot a condition called deep vein thrombosis . It strikes millions of people every year often after long airplane flights and doctor Tim Johnson joins us tonight and doctor Tim this condition can be quite serious. The great worry is that the blood clot in the leg in the deep vein system might break off travel through the blood vessel system. And block blood flow in the lungs or beyond in the harder even the brain when these blood clots. Block blood flow through the lungs we call them pulmonary M I and they can lead to sudden death in their larger form. Doctors are treating the vice president with blood donors alone on an outpatient basis this shows that his blood clot is not quite so serious not quite so large. They obviously wouldn't have let him go back to the office if they ", 'Cheney filled with his spokesperson described as my real discomfort in his cast. Doctors diagnosed it as  deep vein thrombosis . A  blood clot  that if untreated can break off travel to the lungs and prove fatal. Doctors say these clots often form ', 'described as my real discomfort in his cast. Doctors diagnosed it as deep vein thrombosis . A blood clot that if untreated can break off travel to the lungs and prove fatal. Doctors say these clots often form after sitting still ', "moment because. We have to Begin with something that happened on March 6 when Vice President Dick Cheney had a  deep vein thrombosis  and on this broadcast a doctor had this to say. We'll slipped undetected these thoughts as dimensional break ", "that happened on March 6 when Vice President Dick Cheney had a deep vein thrombosis and on this broadcast a doctor had this to say. We'll slipped undetected these thoughts as -- dimensional break -- can cause ", "least a 100000 deaths are caused by what's called  deep vein thrombosis . Clots in the legs or blood clots in the lungs terms of people watching. They may know this this  deep vein thrombosis . As another. Another late term called coach class ", "Each year at least a 100000 deaths are caused by what's called deep vein thrombosis . Clots in the legs or blood clots in the lungs called pulmonary analyst. These these are clots that can -- travels belongs. ", 'conditions and in terms of people watching. They may know this this deep vein thrombosis . As another. Another late term called coach class syndrome. Where somebody sits on a long plane ride traveling what is not what ', "learn about yourself and less likely to have a heart attack. I'm less likely to be a peace. less likely to have  deep vein thrombosis . This has nothing to disturbing. Not for me what if you had some information. That suggested on the children ", "I'm less likely to be a peace. -- less likely to have deep vein thrombosis . This has nothing to disturbing. Not for me what if you had some information. That suggested on the -- children -- -- ", "taking. Long flights and her various humanitarian missions in. Her you know significant other's projects because  deep vein thrombosis  is a real threat to women pregnant when flying. All right I want to ask you about another pregnant star Jamie ", "various humanitarian missions in. Her you know -- significant other's projects because deep vein thrombosis is a real threat to women pregnant when -- flying. All right I want to ask you about another pregnant star Jamie ", 'is going to be on blood thinning drugs for a few months after doctors found a clot in his the condition known as  deep vein thrombosis . Can be fatal if not treated. Geologists are taking a look at a small metallic object which came crashing into ', 'after doctors found a clot in his -- the condition known as deep vein thrombosis . Can be fatal if not treated. Geologists are taking a look at a small metallic object which came crashing into an Illinois ']