["Jack Jewsbury scored on a volley in the 71st minute Sunday night to lift the Timbers into a 1-1 draw with FC Dallas that snapped Portland's five-game losing streak.S...", 'The Portland Timbers will be out for revenge against FC Dallas on Saturday at Jeld-Wen Field as the club tries to erase a 5-0 defeat suffered at the hands of the Hoo...', 'FC Dallas and U.S. midfielder Brek Shea will be sidelined at least three months after undergoing foot surgery Thursday.The 22-year-old Shea had a sesamoid bone from ...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", 'Both FC Dallas and the Colorado Rapids will be anxious to get the 2013 season started at FC Dallas Stadium on Saturday after enduring forgettable campaigns in 2012.B...', 'The United States heads into World Cup qualifiers against Costa Rica and Mexico with an injury-depleted and inexperienced defense after dropping captain Carlos Bocan...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", 'No Tim Howard, no Carlos Bocanegra, no Steve Cherundolo, no Fabian Johnson, no Timmy Chandler, no Danny Williams, and, of course, no Landon Donovan.It was the absenc...', "Jurgen Klinsmann was full of praise for his U.S. national team after its 1-0 loss to Ecuador on Tuesday night. He couldn't say enough positive things, and took the t...", 'The best-laid plans of mice, men and national team managers often go awry. Jurgen Klinsmann was cruelly reminded of this in recent days as the squad he planned to fa...', 'Jurgen Klinsmann has rung in the changes with his first national team selection - the 22 players chosen to play Mexico on August 10 in Philadelphia.Those changes sta...', "When the Major League Soccer scheduled was released at the start of the year, few would have had Philadelphia's visit to Columbus this Saturday circled as a battle f...", "As much as Jurgen Klinsmann's coaching debut with the U.S. men's national team was a promising one last month, Friday night's friendly against Costa Rica should offe...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin..."]