['Florida Asks FDA Approval to Eliminate Dengue Fever  With Genetically Modified Mosquitoes', 'the spread of  dengue fever . The experiment around Key West.  Dengue fever  was thought Nicknamed " breakbone fever ,"  dengue  is vulnerable to  dengue hemorrhagic fever , which can the risk of  dengue fever  without using ', 'effort to combat  dengue fever . But locals transmit the  dengue virus .  Dengue fever  is on the rise million people in  tropical  and subtropical released in other  dengue -plagued countries PLoS Neglected  Tropical  Diseases on Tuesday ', 'and the crisis in the region worsened as flooding destroyed roadways, threatening to spread waterborne diseases like  dengue fever . According to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the rains have flooded some 2,800 people in the ', 'officials. The mosquito, known for its black body and white stripes, is capable of carrying several viruses , including  dengue fever , West Nile Virus and yellow fever. It is smaller than most mosquitoes and bites during the day, not just at night, and ', 'extent to which the bugs spread  Dengue fever , an infection that afflicts tens 000. Why might this work? Both  Dengue fever  and malaria require time to incubate Malaysia as a trial run for reducing  Dengue fever  rates. Other mosquito-limiting ', 'experts warn. The risks include  dengue fever , usually found in South and Central Mosquito-transmitted diseases, such as malaria and  dengue , affect more than 350 million people human health, including West Nile,  dengue fever  and encephalitis, she says. Entomologists ', 'health and environment for the World Health Organization, told ABC News. "In Asia, there are more people at risk of  dengue fever  due to global warming. In Mount Kenya, mosquitoes are being found at higher and higher elevations." Besides studying ', 'Dengue  . Hookworms impoverished  tropical  countries first case of  dengue fever  in 50 years locally-acquired  dengue fever  in the resort Society of  Tropical  Medicine Dengue  Threat  Dengue fever  -- the most the risk of  dengue hemorrhagic fever  , Hotez said ', 'Speculation Into Death of Pro Surfer Andy Irons Intensifies Amid Reports of Prescription Drugs Found in His Room', 'next month, died after contracting  dengue fever  during a recent trip to Portugal that he told them he\'d contracted  dengue fever  in Portugal. The virus, transmitted happened." To learn more about  Dengue , including how to spot the symptoms ', "Dengue  (pronounced fever is a  tropical  disease spread prevalent in  tropical  and subtropical Why is  dengue fever  an issue there's been no  dengue fever  in the United Society of  Tropical  Medicine risk for  dengue hemorrhagic fever  (DHF) and  dengue shock syndrome  (DSS ", 'of locally-acquired  dengue fever  have hit the resort town other formerly exotic  tropical  diseases, the CDC said and control outbreaks of  dengue  or other mosquito-borne accompanying the report.  Dengue fever  is a viral infection transmitted ', 'The most prevalent infectious diseases are bacterial and protozoal diarrhea, hepatitis A and E, typhoid fever,  dengue fever , malaria and leptospirosis. According to UNICEF, only about 50 percent of children in Haiti received vaccinations ', 'The most prevalent infectious diseases are bacterial and protozoal diarrhea, hepatitis A and E, typhoid fever,  dengue fever , malaria and leptospirosis. According to UNICEF, only about 50 percent of children in Haiti received vaccinations ', 'feared that with heat will  tropical  diseases. One has surfaced vasser is on the trail of  dengue fever  in America. There is no treatment for  dengue fever  it causes headache pain There have been cases of  dengue  in Texas to the ultimate ', "necessary to promote epidemics of this disease. There have been cases of dengue in Texas to the ultimate fears have someone who's been infected with the Florida strain. Then gets infected with the Texas strain ", "it's long been feared that with will  tropical  diseases. One has surfaced in the south doctor Richard vasser is on the trail of  dengue fever  in America. There is no treatment for  dengue fever  it causes headache pain rash. It's often ", "on record. And it's long been feared that with -- will -- tropical diseases. One has surfaced in the south -- doctor Richard vasser is on the trail of dengue fever in America. There is no treatment for dengue fever it causes headache -- pain rash. It's often called break bone fever because of the crushing pain -- can cause. It's spread ", "now you've got a cluster of patients in Florida. This is actually some people think part of a global phenomenon. These  tropical  so called mosquito borne diseases are slowly moving north. Part of global warming. Right at the mosquitoes with the scary ", 'This is actually some people think part of a global phenomenon. These tropical so called mosquito borne diseases are slowly moving north. Part of global warming. Right at the mosquitoes with -- -- the scary ', 'health at night. People suffering with  dengue  turning up at all hours of the night to struggle to keep on top of this deadly  tropical  disease. But the state of Rea has stepped to bring this epidemic under control.  Dengue  is caused by the mosquito mosquito carries ', "An emergency health -- at night. People suffering with dengue turning up at all hours of the night to get an urgent treatment. It's an uphill struggle to keep on top of this deadly tropical disease. But the state of Rea has stepped top -- to bring this epidemic under control. Dengue is caused by the -- -- -- mosquito mosquito carries the virus and -- is it from human to human. If that's ", 'crisis mode trying to tackle a widespread outbreak of  dengue fever  in Rio de Janeiro. There is talk of declaring it a access to infected Although the virus is confined to  tropical  areas there is a risk of it spreading Already in the ', 'Brazil is in crisis mode trying to tackle a widespread outbreak of dengue fever in Rio de Janeiro. There is talk of declaring it a deadly epidemic. Then gate as a potentially fatal disease that is ', 'what is called is  dengue fever  the disease has reached some are spreading  dengue fever . The symptoms are fumigation is underway  dengue fever  is not even on the get something called  dengue hemorrhagic fever . And that can be ', "years. About forty residents have come down with what is called is dengue fever the disease has reached epidemic proportions in the Caribbean. And Central America and the idea that it's here in the US. And could spread has federal health officials very very concerned as you can imagine but talk to doctor Richard that's about in the moment but first Jeffrey -- has more. Usually they are just annoying pests but in Key West mosquitoes have suddenly. -- on an added menace because some are spreading dengue fever . The symptoms are like flew on steroids you feel -- your bed your joints will hurt. Severely you have -- behind -- is. You may have a rash. The World Health Organization estimates there may be as many as fifty million cases of dengue every year more than 70% in Asia. But it's the more than 101000 cases this year in the Caribbean that are of ", "if you get -- a second time you can get something called dengue hemorrhagic fever . And that can -- be very severe and and at times fatal but it's very rare we haven't seen it here in ", 'day for his dog grooming business. But after learning  dengue fever  could possibly be in his manners neighborhood youth Last night the Health Department confirmed a woman got  dengue fever  in Broward county and not while traveling. Before the ', "is outside every day for his dog grooming business. But after learning dengue fever could possibly be in his -- manners neighborhood youth. -- oh I absolutely do you one -- if -- were available but the companies he cares for won't be getting special -- and we went about the mosquito repellent because this horrible. They should do something about it. He's just one of many worried about this disease -- Last night the Health Department confirmed a woman got dengue fever in Broward county and not while traveling. Before the sun was. He's mosquito terminator -- focused on killing the bugs that might "]