["Actor Oscar, is punctuated by Spielbergian moments of light comedy and buoyed by a stellar supporting cast, including  Sally Field , Tommy Lee Jones and Joseph Gordon Levitt. National Treasure If you're looking for more of a fun adventure than ", "as to Obama's presidential campaigns. Other notable political activist nominees this year included Robert DeNiro,  Sally Field , Hugh Jackman, Joaquin Phoenix and Helen Hunt. None of them won.", 'rendition of "Be Our Guest." His opening monologue also included an epic kiss with Best Supporting Actress nominee  Sally Field  with MacFarlane dressed as a flying nun, and a sock puppet reenactment of "Flight." Jack Daniels for George Clooney ', "involved confusing two different black actors (Denzel Washington and Eddie Murphy, specifically), and made out with  Sally Field  after coming on to her while wearing a nun's habit. The overall joke, of course, was that edgy jokes are polarizing ", 'MacFarlane. The opening also included a video clip of MacFarlane dressed in a "Flying Nun" costume while making out with  Sally Field  before they drove off in a Trans Am. PHOTOS: Stars on the Red Carpet It was a long opening to the first award of the ', "thinking for months now. Daniel Day-Lewis He's totally going to win and he knows it. But he has to at least pretend he's surprised. Philip Seymour Hoffman Oh, right! Hi there, PSH. Bradley Cooper Is she...?  Sally Field  ...Nope.", "Sally Field  Channeled Grief over Mother's Death into 'Lincoln' Role, Defended Young Julia Roberts", 'Sally Field  has been a beloved part of American pop culture for nearly a half-century. At 66, she has as many Best Actress Academy Awards ', "and home movies of some of Hollywood's most iconic stars. Several of this year's nominees like Bradley Cooper,  Sally Field , Jennifer Lawrence and Denzel Washington, and stars including Billy Crystal, Marisa Tomei, Whoopi Goldberg, Cuba ", "'Nightline' Daily Line, Feb. 5: Jodi Arias Followed Boyfriends' Religious Beliefs", 'Kidman admitted to being a kleptomaniac while Witherspoon brought two bags of alcohol to the couch. Jennifer Lopez,  Sally Field , John Krasinski, Robert De Niro, Don Cheadle and Oprah Winfrey appeared via video and congratulated "The Bourne ', 'Shue, 49, has had a prolific career starring alongside some of Hollywood\'s biggest names, including Tom Cruise,  Sally Field , Robert Downey Jr., Jessica Lange, Nicolas Cage and, most recently, Meryl Streep in "Hope Springs." She is ', 'seem all subversive," she told New York Magazine in 2006. At Sunday\'s Golden Globes, Hathaway thanked actress  Sally Field , who Hathaway said changed her life with her work. "Sally, I have to thank you so much for being a vanguard against ', "Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, and a few people named Steven Spielberg, Daniel Day-Lewis,  Sally Field , James Spader, and Tommy Lee Jones. As with all things, the president said he's optimistic for his second term ", 'Actress  Sally Field  excited about Academy Awards nomination for her performance in "Lincoln."', "blank you Blake wore in the first place. And He was not was accepting her Emmy award for lead actress in a drama series  Sally Field . Potty now are also rising today Google's search is young poker player who played the right. This weekend eighteen ", "was accepting her Emmy award for lead actress in a drama series Sally Field . Potty now are also rising today Google's search is -- young poker player who played the right. This weekend eighteen year old ", "you're looking for proof that  Sally Field  was dedicated to winning the role her series Oscar confidential.  Sally Field  has been a beloved part of American for Nightline. In Los Angeles.  Sally Field  you can watch the Academy Awards ", "If you're looking for proof that Sally Field was dedicated to winning the role she played in Steven Spielberg's movie -- him. Consider this she agreed to gain 25 pounds to play the -- Yet it was her secret challenges she says off screen that propelled her performance forward. Here's ABC's Chris Connelly for her series Oscar confidential. Sally Field has been a beloved part of American pop culture for nearly a half century. -- sixties it comes -- Flying Nun. -- ", "-- to do and I'm Chris Connolly for Nightline. In Los Angeles. Sally Field you can watch the Academy Awards right here on ABC Sunday February 24. ", "With the oscars just a week away, the oscar-nominated  sally field  revealing what was playing behind the camera as she was of them. Here's abc's chris connelly. Reporter:  Sally field  has been a beloved part of american culture for nearly ", 'With the oscars just a week away, the oscar-nominated sally field revealing what was playing behind the camera as she was portraying mrs. Lincoln in front of them. Here\'s abc\'s chris connelly. Reporter: Sally field has been a beloved part of american culture for nearly a half-century. Well, I learned my lesson. FROM HER \'60s SITCOM "GIDGET," ', "Mary Todd. And she's played by  Sally Field  just. Perhaps. The best supporting time member. And now. Here is  Sally Field  of the the beginning that just And I think whose cast he said  Sally Field  that was it. Yes but I think wasn't ", "couldn't be anything without his wife Mary Todd. And she's played by Sally Field just. Perhaps. The best supporting actress of the year by the -- -- film critics of the time -- member. And now. Here is Sally Field -- -- of the the beginning that just towards falling -- -- and -- you have. Nothing about it wars you get ", 'Lincoln since 2005. And I think whose cast -- -- he said Sally Field that was it. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ', "Sally field  has won two oscars. And her portrayal of abraham lincoln's wife, mary the amendment. What a pow perfore. Here's the thing that got me.  Sally field , two-time oscar winner. Big star. One of the best actresses in the ", "Sally field has won two oscars. And her portrayal of abraham lincoln's wife, mary todd, may earn her a third. Watch her in this ", "the amendment. What a pow perfore. Here's the thing that got me. Sally field , two-time oscar winner. Big star. One of the best actresses in the world. And you really had to fight hard to get ", "Very good madam president keep things. Don't convening of this subcommittee. To investigate this hot team since last minute to play a movie that I am smiling mrs. Clinton was counseled Man. need to investigate the. You have take sections. Even prosecutorial. It just in my household income always"]