["there are many little ones out there who also need love and attention and proper care. This role will be played by  Rumer Willis  AS Suri Cruise. The Ability to Keep Things in Context While Still Being Able to Enjoy Dumb Stuff And, like, I'm ", "Spotted Around Town: Julianne Hough on a 'Girls Weekend,' Bethenny Frankel Spinning-and More", 'Garrett Hedlund . "They were all over each other," an observer notes. "They wouldn\'t leave each other\'s sides!"  Rumer Willis  , clad in cutoffs and a bikini top, got cuddly with beau Jayson Blair , while Vanessa Hudgens rode the bumper cars with ', 'favorite shine spray , "True Blood" star Kristin Bauer van Straten\'s go-to face wash , or this gorgeous flatiron that  Rumer Willis  uses on her locks. (amika flatiron, $125, Birchbox ) Icons: Celeb Snaps From Famed Fashion Photogs This book is ', 'the mother of actress Kate Hudson. Actress Demi Moore and her ex-husband, actor Bruce Willis, are the parents of  Rumer Willis , who was featured in her mom\'s 1996 film "Striptease." Actor Will Smith and his actress wife, Jada Pinkett Smith ', 'When I was a girl I would get embarrassed and say: \'Mom, put a hat on or something.\'" Demi Moore and  Rumer Willis Rumer Willis  came into the world on camera -- literally. Mom Demi Moore hired a cameraman to film the birth of her eldest ', 'When I was a girl I would get embarrassed and say: \'Mom, put a hat on or something.\'" Demi Moore and  Rumer Willis Rumer Willis  came into the world on camera -- literally. Mom Demi Moore hired a cameraman to film the birth of her eldest ', 'When I was a girl I would get embarrassed and say: \'Mom, put a hat on or something.\'" Demi Moore and  Rumer Willis Rumer Willis  came into the world on camera -- literally. Mom Demi Moore hired a cameraman to film the birth of her eldest ', 'When I was a girl I would get embarrassed and say: \'Mom, put a hat on or something.\'" Demi Moore and  Rumer Willis Rumer Willis  came into the world on camera -- literally. Mom Demi Moore hired a cameraman to film the birth of her eldest ', 'When I was a girl I would get embarrassed and say: \'Mom, put a hat on or something.\'" Demi Moore and  Rumer Willis Rumer Willis  came into the world on camera -- literally. Mom Demi Moore hired a cameraman to film the birth of her eldest ', "Demi Moore's Downward Spiral Reportedly Plagued by Obsessions With Weight and Youth", 'thin." Days before she went to the hospital, the 49-year-old Moore was reported partying with her daughter,  Rumer Willis , 23, and her 20-year-old friends. Moore is no stranger to erratic behavior. In 2010, her wild dancing at a ', 'catching up like old lovers." In recent weeks, Moore has been seen out partying, including with eldest daughter  Rumer Willis , Ravitz said. At Hollywood hot spot Beacher\'s Madhouse, she was seen dancing on a table surrounded by three guys ', 'catching up like old lovers." In recent weeks, Moore has been seen out partying, including with eldest daughter  Rumer Willis , Ravitz said. At Hollywood hot spot Beacher\'s Madhouse, she was seen dancing on a table surrounded by three guys ']