["bipolar disorder. It's not.  psychotic  symptoms are not always present extend to actual whose nations and  delusions . As part of these sped up state severely depressed than it also have.  Psychotic  symptoms that company that state ", "Certainly psychosis can be a part of bipolar disorder. It's not. -- psychotic symptoms are not always present. Bipolar disorder is understood by some as a disease that rate. That is a person is sped up -- judgment is is gone. They're full of energy they need less sleep than usual but often this can extend to actual whose nations and delusions . As part of these sped up state bipolar disorder likewise if someone is severely depressed than it also have. Psychotic symptoms that -- company that state. Sometimes relating to being. Unworthy or or filthy or frightened and paranoid -- others are trying ", 'expert in says the evidence is clear. Classic.  Delusions  of  persecution  and to false beliefs. There are indicators of psychosis. And the union. That a person is suffering from  psychotic  illness most like paranoid schizophrenia. So why ', 'An expert in -- -- -- says the evidence is clear. Classic. Delusions of persecution and -- to false beliefs. There are indicators of psychosis. And the union. That a person is suffering from psychotic illness most like -- paranoid schizophrenia. So why did this inning anyone intervened. And Diane where does a young man who does ', 'manic symptoms. May involve. Elevated mood.  Grandiose  thinking. Rapid speech. And decreased sleep particular bipolar one disorder. Maybe may develop  psychotic  symptoms. Such as paranoid  delusions . Auditory or visual hallucinations. And other ', 'with bipolar disorder and in particular bipolar one disorder. Maybe may develop psychotic symptoms. Such as paranoid delusions . Auditory or visual hallucinations. And other breakdowns in normal thinking processes. ', 'thousands of scornful comments online like. Dear Samantha you have a case of unhealthy nargis And possibly even  delusional disorder . And lady you are not pretty at all seriously invested in me hearing get a grip on reality sheets for this angry ', 'you have a case of unhealthy nargis -- -- And possibly even delusional disorder . And lady you are not pretty at all seriously invested in me hearing get a grip on reality sheets for -- this ', "Early on in my interview. Was that He wasn't treated psychopathic sex offender. had a mental illness. a  delusional disorder  that was never treated and I did not feel He had any remorse. I thought that He actually so that He was of their ", '-- treated psychopathic sex offender. -- had a mental illness. -- a delusional disorder that was never treated and I did not feel He had any remorse. I thought that He actually so that He was ', "told that they have a mental illness. But they're  delusions  get in the way of understanding in the fact that they There are cases however like Brothers where at the  psychotic delusions  precipitated violent behavior. And it's very very ", "can even be told that they have a mental illness. But they're delusions get in the way of understanding in the fact that they really are you know. I think it's also important to remember that most people with mental illness are -- violence. There are cases however like -- Brothers where at the psychotic delusions precipitated violent behavior. And it's very very difficult to projects. I think it's also really important to remember at this point that. ", "And called the FBI. David Kaczynski talked of Nightline tonight. There are cases like my Brothers where the  psychotic delusions  precipitate violent behavior. And it's very very difficult to projects. The shooting in Arizona has led to condemnation ", "talked of Nightline tonight. There are cases like my Brothers where the psychotic delusions precipitate violent behavior. And it's very very difficult to projects. The shooting in Arizona has led to condemnation of talk radio and ", "case as far as I can tell from what little has mental illness written all over there are cases like my Brothers the  psychotic delusions  precipitate violent behavior. And it's very very difficult to projects. The shooting in Arizona has led to condemnation ", "illness written all over there are cases like my Brothers -- the psychotic delusions precipitate violent behavior. And it's very very difficult to projects. The shooting in Arizona has led to condemnation on talk radio and ", "case as far as I can tell from what little has mental illness written all over there are cases like my Brothers the  psychotic delusions  precipitate violent behavior. And it's very very difficult to projects. The shooting in Arizona has led to condemnation ", "illness written all over there are cases like my Brothers -- the psychotic delusions precipitate violent behavior. And it's very very difficult to projects. The shooting in Arizona has led to condemnation on talk radio and ", "rockefellers are stories we're  delusions  or simply lines. Those witnesses people around him believed his  delusions  and believed He was a Rockefeller the deeper He got into his  delusional disorder  of the more severe kinda thought ", "out -- putting into question whether as rockefellers are -- stories we're delusions or simply lines. Those witnesses that. That the more people around him believed his delusions and believed He was a Rockefeller the deeper He got into his delusional disorder of the more severe kinda thought okay -- maybe and makes sense how hard is it to prove insanity in the case ", "escaped from police say he's highly  psychotic  an extremely violent. But as Hollywood danger without the medication all of  delusions . That have been driving him for is that people who work on anti  psychotic  medication don't like it they ", "far from the mental hospital he escaped from police say he's highly psychotic an extremely violent. But as Hollywood breathes a collective sigh of relief there are still many unanswered questions. Convicted celebrity -- Robert ", "off his -- was the real danger without the medication all of delusions . That have been driving him for years will kicking it. The problem is that people who work on anti psychotic medication don't like it they don't like the way it makes them feel. And he has been transported back to the hospital ", "eighteen years Phillip garrido is increasingly taking his  delusions  public He decides to go proselytize. On the campus of daughters with thinking they'll draw more attention to his  grandiose  ideas. And there are two people who do pay attention ", "It has now -- eighteen years Phillip garrido is increasingly taking his delusions public He decides to go proselytize. On the campus of UC Berkeley. And take his daughters with -- thinking they'll draw more attention to his grandiose ideas. And there are two people who do pay attention. Who would've thought after all the outrageous carelessness by law enforcement. To ", "time to get so bad that the person may have actual  delusions delusions  that they are. Some type of important figure whether severe forms of mania that can't happen again these  psychotic  symptoms solutions and even hallucinations. However ", "some time to get so bad that the person may have actual delusions delusions that they are. Some type of important figure whether believing that their god are they. Believe maybe they're the savior of the world. That -- with the more severe forms of mania that can't happen again these psychotic symptoms solutions and even hallucinations. However. Most people with mania have this -- tampered kind of. Increase energy and feeling of well "]