['Gotham Chopra\'s new documentary, "Decoding Deepak," paints an intimate portrait of his father.', "Famed spiritual teacher, the subject of son's new documentary, said he was focused on his career.", 'and corporations. Always lightning  Deepak Chopra  has a new book out called the soul helping you become an inspired leader.  Deepak Chopra  thank you so much for joining us that spirit. And vision necessary guest  Deepak Chopra  thank you so much for joining are opening ', "fifty books and lectures regularly to executives and corporations. Always -- lightning Deepak Chopra has a new book out called the soul of leadership. And it's aimed at helping you become an inspired leader. Deepak Chopra thank you so much for joining us that we Persian. Things are -- the soul of leadership you know the word soul. ", "the soul of leadership it's filled with spirit. And vision necessary guest Deepak Chopra thank you so much for joining -- are opening commitments. From. ", 'being have always been important aspects in the teachings of  Deepak Chopra . But up until now few have had 24/7 direct access to the all changed however with the new iPhone app authentic with  Deepak Chopra  featuring Tara Stiles and I am so blessed to have you with ', 'physical well being have always been important aspects in the teachings of Deepak Chopra . But up until now few have had 24/7 direct access to the best selling author and founder of the Chopra center for wellbeing. That has all changed however with the new iPhone app authentic -- with Deepak Chopra featuring Tara Stiles and I am so blessed to have you -- with. With me today studio. So we can talk about ', "O'clock Chopra a killer of this self help industry says He can help you live a calm and happy life. He recently gave us extensive behind the scenes access He did his very very busy life which He says He lives without stress. Such as this is when you're big. She wore a look this is what is it what", "Opening statements begin as Chopra defends theology's relationship with science.", "Recently in preparation for this interview and others I've been getting up early and trying to sit for ten minutes and stop my interior. Ottawa and I ain't really are we could get trained to so I think this though is those so He thought. they have your tried to just stop thinking it's. Possible you", "Are you at all concerned that people latch on to some of more incendiary details in your book for example that. Mohammed. Consummated the marriage the nine year old girl. To support. Anti Islamic arguments. Some might do that on the other that's historical fact. Just to repeat the question I", "Is your rock certitude about there not being a but in and of itself a form of orthodoxy. But. I'm not rock solid that there is no doubt I would be surprised at this antiseptic If if there was anything Yahweh I'd be shocked about actually have a little thing I would say if the Internet to be the", 'during a 1990 trip to Zimbabwe Michael Jackson had seen the falls with his own eyes wide awake. But as his friend  doctor Deepak Chopra  says what Jackson might have envisioned at 3 AM when He was not a was far less picturesque. In the sleet possibly ', 'the falls with his own eyes wide awake. But as his friend doctor Deepak Chopra says what Jackson might have envisioned at 3 AM when He was not a -- was far less picturesque. In the sleet ', 'talking about renewal in the new year and my guess is  Deepak Chopra  that the author of the third Jesus the Christ we cannot ignore. Deepak stimulate the teaching of Jesus to the turning of the other ', '-- talking about renewal in the new year and my guess is Deepak Chopra that the author of the third Jesus the Christ we cannot ignore. Deepak stimulate the teaching of Jesus to the turning of ', 'Sam Harrisand  Deepak Chopra  go head to head on the use of science in religion.', 'want oprah to announce my name, melissa gregory, smiley face. Others passed on valuable advice. If oprah winfrey married  deepak chopra , her name would be oprah chopra. Has a funny ring to it. Smiley face. Wow. Thank you. We want to thank our twitter ', 'gregory, smiley face. Others passed on valuable advice. If oprah winfrey married deepak chopra , her name would be oprah chopra. Has a funny ring to it. Smiley face. Wow. Thank you. We want to thank our ', "Jackson's issue with prescription drugs and enabling doctors. Went back years his friend doctor and spiritual counselor  Deepak Chopra  was grimly aware. He was giving a number of prescriptions. Under a number of different names. This is a common thing amongst ", 'enabling doctors. Went back years -- his friend doctor and spiritual counselor Deepak Chopra was grimly aware. He was giving a number of prescriptions. Under a number of different names. This is a common thing amongst ', 'of fuel my team. Face off. Spirit  Deepak Chopra  and skeptic Michael Sherman longtime Harry Rocks from the blue period.  Deepak Chopra  spiritual counselor to the stars who off debate chaired by Dan Harris.  Deepak Chopra  may be the guy who inspired the love ', 'or reject the existence of fuel my team. Face off. Spirit -- Deepak Chopra and skeptic Michael Sherman longtime arch rivals. In the same room for the first time a science and faith. He totaled questions ', 'the movie the love guru Harry -- Rocks from the blue period. Deepak Chopra spiritual counselor to the stars who is cut thousands to -- Do my kids. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ', 'The stage is set -- face off debate chaired by Dan Harris. Deepak Chopra may be the guy who inspired the love guru but in the debate you are about to see unfold He becomes anything ']