["Authorized account login and access indicates customer's consent to the Brokerage Account Agreement. Such consent is effective at all times when using this site.", 'Scottrade, Inc. and Scottrade Bank are separate but affiliated companies and are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc. Brokerage products and services offered by Scottrade, Inc. - Member FINRA and SIPC. Deposit products and services offered by Scottrade Bank, Member FDIC.', 'Online market and limit stock trades are just $7 for stocks priced $1 and above.', 'Scottrade does not charge setup, inactivity or annual maintenance fees. Applicable transaction fees still apply.', 'Scottrade does not provide tax advice. The material provided is for informational purposes only. Please consult your tax, or legal, advisor for questions concerning your personal tax or financial situation.', "Select investments are commission free to those using Scottrade's online platforms. Other fees and charges may apply.", 'Any specific securities, or types of securities, used as examples are for demonstration purposes only. None of the information provided should be considered a recommendation or solicitation to invest in, or liquidate, a particular security or type of security.', "Investors should consider the investment objectives, charges, expense, and unique risk profile of an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) carefully before investing. Leveraged and Inverse ETFs may not be suitable for all investors and may increase exposure to volatility through the use of leverage, short sales of securities, derivatives and other complex investment strategies. These funds' performance will likely be significantly different than their benchmark over periods of more than one day, and their performance over time may in fact trend opposite of their benchmark. Investors should monitor these holdings, consistent with their strategies, as frequently as daily. A prospectus contains this and other information about the ETF and should be obtained from the issuer. The prospectus should be read carefully before investing.", "Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of a mutual fund carefully before investing. A mutual fund's prospectus contains this and other information about the mutual fund. Prospectuses may be ordered through Scottrade.com or through a Scottrade branch office. The prospectus should be read carefully before investing. No transaction fee (NTF) funds are subject to the terms and conditions of the NTF funds program. Scottrade is compensated by the funds participating in the NTF program through recordkeeping, shareholder, or SEC 12b-1 fees.", 'Margin trading involves interest charges and risks, including the potential to lose more than deposited or the need to deposit additional collateral in a falling market. The Margin Disclosure Statement and Agreement (PDF) is available for download, or it is available at one of our branch offices. It contains information on our lending policies, interest charges, and the risks associated with margin accounts.', 'Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. Detailed information on our policies and the risks associated with options can be found in the Scottrade Options Application and Agreement, Brokerage Account Agreement, and by downloading the Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options and Supplements (PDF) from The Options Clearing Corporation, or by requesting a copy from a Scottrade branch office. Supporting documentation for any claims will be supplied upon request.', 'Market volatility, volume, and system availability may impact account access and trade execution.', 'Testimonials may not be representative of the experience of other clients and are no guarantee of future performance or success.']