['would scream rape. I wore bohemian shirts and cropped jeans and bought only organic food. I tried Swedish massage,  deep tissue massage , Rolfing and Reiki. Acupuncture, hot stones, Mayan wraps, and algae masks. I drank holistic ointments. I wrote ', "or hands to knead your muscles. There are many other types of massages that are available for different needs. The  Deep Tissue massage  involves more intense pressure from a therapist's fingertips. The Hot Stone Massage uses heat from the stones to increase ", 'A facial-like experience for the entire body using a Vichy Shower "The Baths" Hot Stone Massage - a 90-minute  deep tissue massage  using hot stones "Little Dix Bay Signature Ritual" - a two-hour exfoliation and massage combo DON\'T MISS: Trying ', "package includes a couple's massage where mom gets a soothing prenatal treatment and dad gets all the kinks worked out in a  sports massage . This exclusive property is known for catering to your every need, so it's no surprise that for the babymoon package ", 'hydrotherapy tub, and a whole menu of massages and treatments for total body rejuvenation. The 80-minute Deep Tissue  Sports Massage  costs $180. With your limbs now like loose spaghetti, turn your thoughts to food: Main Street is lined with a number ', 'either white-water or scenic rafting on Snake River, with a guided hike in Jackson Hole. Recover afterward with a  deep - tissue massage  at the spa. Dinner at the Cascade Grill House and breakfast daily at the Cascade is also included. Dates available ', 'has different symptoms. Once I figure out what the problems are, I treat the symptoms. One of the things that I do is  deep tissue massage  and myofascial release. Fascia is connective tissue. If the fascia is very tight, which I see in most of my patients ', 'used to reduce pain, soothe injured muscles, stimulate blood and lymphatic circulation and promote deep relaxation.  Deep - tissue massage , for example, is described as releasing chronic muscular tension by using slow strokes across the grain of muscle ']