["What happened to 11 young people who were forced at gunpoint into a van in Mexico City's popular Zona Rosa entertainment district on May 26? The mystery has gripped nation. Penelope Ramirez is a cousin of Jerzy Ortiz Ponce, who is one of the 11 missing people. She holds a sign with his picture during a gathering of family members in the Tepito area of Mexico City on May 31.", 'Maria Teresa Ramos, right, the grandmother of Jerzy Ortiz Ponce, is consoled by a neighbor in Mexico City on May 31.', 'Family members of the 11 missing hold signs on May 31 with the pictures on them and phrases such as "They have not been seen since Saturday at Zona Rosa in Heaven."', 'Family members of Jerzy Ortiz Ponce embrace one another while holding signs for the missing on May 31 in Mexico City.', "Relatives of the 11 missing youth protest in front of the general attorney's office in Mexico City on May 31.", "Relatives speak to media in front of the general attorney's office in Mexico City on May 31.", 'Three people have been detained in connection with the disappearance of 12 people', "(CNN) -- Police in Mexico City have detained three people in the mysterious disappearance of 12 people from a nightclub, the city's attorney general said.", 'And for the first time since the disappearance, Attorney General Rodolfo Rios confirmed there is evidence showing that the people who are missing had indeed been at the club.', 'The names of the detainees -- one woman and two waiters from the Heavens After bar -- were not released. Officials said they are looking at the link between the woman and the waiters, but did not say what charges, if any, they might face.', "Before Tuesday's announcement, the relatives of the missing people -- one of them only 16 years old -- insisted that they had been kidnapped from the after-hours bar in Mexico City's Zona Rosa entertainment district. But police had said there was no proof that that the 12 had even been there.", '"There is evidence that the majority of the youths arrived at Heaven in two vehicles, one private and a taxi, but it is unknown how they left," Rios said.', 'Still, he said, there is no evidence that an armed convoy snatched the group, as the families say.', 'The attorney general also upped the number of missing to 12 from 11, saying that another family had come forward.', '"We are not interested in who took them, we are not interested in any of that, whether they will be punished, or not punished doesn\'t interest us," said Carlos Ruiz, the father of one of the missing. "Our interest is that they all return alive."', 'Not all of the 12 people said to be involved knew each other, but most of them hail from the Tepito neighborhood, a place known for its rough character. That alone has added spice to an already sensational story, leading to speculation that gangs could be involved.', 'The young people were taken from the Heavens After nightclub on Sunday, May 26, between 10 a.m. and noon, family members say. They were forced into a van and kidnapped, they claim.', 'A center for missing persons in Mexico will distribute photos and information about the missing young people across the country.', 'A mass kidnapping would be a significant development because even through the years of drug cartel violence, the capital was a relatively safe place. Recently, however, there is evidence that infighting between local criminal groups is on the rise.', "More than 26,000 people have gone missing in Mexico over the past six years as violence surged and the country's government cracked down on drug cartels, according to Mexico's Interior Ministry. Authorities don't have data on how many of the disappearances were connected with organized crime.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]