['Suspected members of the Zetas drug cartel wait in court for a judgment in Guatemala City on June 27, 2012. ', '(CNN) -- Mexican forces scored a potentially strong hit against the Zetas drug cartel with the capture of one of its top leaders, Ivan Velazquez Caballero, alias "El Taliban."', 'Mexican marines arrested the person "presumed to be and who says he is" Velazquez in the north-central state of San Luis Potosi on Wednesday, officials said.', 'Velazquez is "one of the principal leaders of the Zetas cartel," the Mexican navy said in a statement.', "Velazquez's name appears on the list of Mexico's 37 most wanted traffickers. Authorities were offering a reward of 30 million pesos ($2.3 million) for information leading to his arrest.", 'Recent reports indicated that Velazquez was in a power struggle with another Zetas leader, Miguel Angel Trevino Morales.', "If confirmed, the capture would be another success for Mexican President Felipe Calderon's war on the drug cartels, which has left tens of thousands dead, but done little to reduce the amount of drugs transported through the country.", 'Advocates say the exam includes unnecessarily invasive and irrelevant procedures -- like a so-called "two finger" test.', 'Supplies of food, clothing and fuel are running short in Damascus and people are going hungry as the civil war drags on. ', 'Supporters of Richard III want a reconstruction of his head to bring a human aspect to a leader portrayed as a murderous villain.', 'Robert Fowler spent 130 days held hostage by the same al Qaeda group that was behind the Algeria massacre. He shares his experience.', 'As "We are the World" plays, a video shows what looks like a nuclear attack on the U.S. Jim Clancy reports on a bizarre video from North Korea.', 'The relationship is, once again, cold enough to make Obama\'s much-trumpeted "reset" in Russian-U.S. relations seem thoroughly off the rails.', 'Ten years on, what do you think the Iraq war has changed in you, and in your country? Send us your thoughts and experiences.', 'Musician Daniela Mercury has sold more than 12 million albums worldwide over a career span of nearly 30 years.', 'Photojournalist Alison Wright travelled the world to capture its many faces in her latest book, "Face to Face: Portraits of the Human Spirit."', "Europol claims 380 soccer matches, including top level ones, were fixed - as the scandal widens, CNN's Dan Rivers looks at how it's done.", 'That galaxy far, far away is apparently bigger than first thought. The "Star Wars" franchise will get two spinoff movies, Disney announced.', "It's an essential part of any trip, an activity we all take part in. Yet almost none of us are any good at it. Souvenir buying is too often an obligatory slog."]