['flashbulbs on star kids. But now, A-list parents are fighting back. Celebrity moms like Sarah Jessica Parker,  Salma Hayek  and Julia Roberts have butted heads with the paparazzi over their children. Halle Berry Testifies for Stronger Anti-Paparazzi ', '(Image Credit: InStyle) One of Hollywood\'s most stylish women,  Salma Hayek , does not consider herself a fashionista. "A lot of the effort I make is for my husband because I want him to be attracted to ', 'typical sense. She will be an engineer of words. "I will be the engineer my father wanted me to be," her narrator,  Salma Hayek , says. "I will be a poet." The stories are heartbreaking, but they\'re meant to be inspiring. We can help these ', 'sassy. She lived in Queens and had a cheesy Latina stereotypical sister. The series, which was executive produced by  Salma Hayek , was a huge ratings success for the first three seasons, but it declined until it was cancelled in 2010. "Modern ', "And there was a joke about Jewish people running Hollywood. And a joke about not being able to understand actress  Salma Hayek . But here's the thing: Anticipating criticism does not make you immune from it. And it's not that MacFarlane's ", 'From cameos including Julianne Moore,  Salma Hayek , Nancy Pelosi, Ice-T and Conan O\'Brien to the usual Liz Lemon shenanigans, Thursday\'s "30 Rock" series finale was every ', 'Lennon and Ono had powerful friends who petitioned the Immigration and Naturalization Service on their behalf."  Salma Hayek  Hayek admitted to her struggle for legal status in an interview with a Spanish magazine, according to Fox News Latino ', 'at Clooney\'s Hollywood home. Other big names at the $40,000 per plate dinner included actors Toby Maguire and  Salma Hayek , designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian Billy Crystal. "I\'m disillusioned by ', 'at Clooney\'s Hollywood home. Other big names at the $40,000 per plate dinner included actors Toby Maguire and  Salma Hayek , designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian Billy Crystal. "I\'m disillusioned by ', 'at Clooney\'s Hollywood home. Other big names at the $40,000 per plate dinner included actors Toby Maguire and  Salma Hayek , designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian Billy Crystal. "I\'m disillusioned by ', 'at Clooney\'s Hollywood home. Other big names at the $40,000 per plate dinner included actors Toby Maguire and  Salma Hayek , designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian Billy Crystal. "I\'m disillusioned by ', 'at Clooney\'s Hollywood home. Other big names at the $40,000 per plate dinner included actors Toby Maguire and  Salma Hayek , designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian Billy Crystal. "I\'m disillusioned by ', 'at Clooney\'s Hollywood home. Other big names at the $40,000 per plate dinner included actors Toby Maguire and  Salma Hayek , designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian Billy Crystal. "I\'m disillusioned by ', 'not just on their heads. Put on their children as well be my child the lone star columns like Sarah Jessica Parker  Salma Hayek  and Julia Roberts have butted heads with the caps over their children just weeks ago Halley Berry who has publicly sparred ', 'be my child the lone star -- columns like Sarah Jessica Parker Salma Hayek and Julia Roberts have butted heads with the caps over their children just weeks ago Halley Berry who has publicly sparred with ', "yesterday. So much fun. Now, it's great to welcome  salma hayek , now to times square. Great to have you here. Thank But they worked as a weapon. One more lesson from  salma hayek . I wish we had more time. Unfortunately, we do not ", "adam sandler, on yesterday. So much fun. Now, it's great to welcome salma hayek , now to times square. Great to have you here. Thank you. You play a glamorous fashion designer that moves with adam back ", 'my feet. But they worked as a weapon. One more lesson from salma hayek . I wish we had more time. Unfortunately, we do not. The movie is fantastic. Great to have you back. ', "especially to accommodate different cultural backgrounds is a trend likely to continue. But just one is exhausting and expensive. Those with means can if they like. But that's a lot of celebrations. We ait, linsey. Coming up next,  salma hayek", 'that is who. In the past ten years UNICEF is cut in Japan the number of when died of tetanus of them Now doing them  Salma Hayek  in the people Panthers are determined. That no job done. News that the about it Eastern Conference. With world to ', 'of when -- died of tetanus of them -- Now doing them Salma Hayek in the people -- Panthers are determined. That no job done. News that the about it Eastern Conference. With world to bring. ', 'Actress  Salma Hayek  has gotten world buzzing by breast feeding a hungry baby not her own world. Talking. And eat me. We I did this rural health clinic whose  Salma Hayek . In a country that has the highest infant mortality rate in the world ', 'Actress Salma Hayek has gotten -- world buzzing by breast feeding a hungry baby not her own. On a trip sincerely known as part of ', "eat me. We -- -- I did this rural health clinic whose Salma Hayek . In a country that has the highest infant mortality rate in the world. And we're malnutrition. Were told by doctors is a ", 'Francois-Henri Pinault speaks for first time about child with Linda Evangelista.', 'Some magazine a pretty interesting interview to magazine over in Spain admitting that at one point during her time here in the US she herself. Was an illegal immigrants immigration one of those political. Our hot button topics this year were she says I was an illegal immigrant in the US it was for']