['Filmmaker Timothy Tracy has been released from prison in Venezuela, his attorney says.', '(CNN) -- A U.S. filmmaker arrested in Venezuela and accused of instigating unrest was released from prison and expelled from the country, his attorney told CNN affiliate Globovision.', 'Timothy Tracy was on a flight to Miami Wednesday morning, attorney Daniel Rosales said.', 'Tracy, 35, of Los Angeles, was arrested in April at the Caracas airport as he prepared to leave the country. He was accused of funding opponents of President Nicolas Maduro, successor to the late Hugo Chavez.', 'His lawyer said he was released because there was not sufficient evidence to hold him.', 'Venezuelan Minister of Interior and Justice Miguel Rodriguez confirmed the release on his Twitter account, but maintained that Tracy was "captured doing espionage in our country."', 'The filmmaker was in Venezuela to make a documentary about the political division gripping the country.', 'Press freedom groups and the U.S. government denied that Tracy was involved in any anti-government activities.', '"Tracy was just acting as an observer when he was filming," Reporters Without Borders said when he was arrested. "Shooting video is not evidence of participation in what the government calls an \'act of destabilization.\' It is for the police and judicial authorities to investigate and establish from the facts, not for the government to designate Tracy as guilty from the outset."', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]