['Poster from the campaign for the International Day of Prostitutes features the phrase "I am happy being a prostitute."', '(CNN) -- Following widespread criticism, Brazil\'s health ministry has scrapped an online campaign called "I\'m happy being a prostitute."', 'Prostitution is legal in Brazil and is expected to spike as the nation gears up for the FIFA World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016.', 'The campaign aimed to promote safe sex and reduce the stigma against sex workers.', 'Other posters in the campaign carried slogans such as "I cannot be seen without a condom, my love."', "But Tuesday, Health Minister Alexandre Padilha dropped the campaign, telling reporters he didn't think it was a message his office should be sending.", '"The role of the ministry is to have specific content to encourage prevention among sex workers, who are a very vulnerable group," he said.', 'As the nation prepares for the sports world stage, sex workers are getting ready as well.', 'In the city of Belo Horizonte, prostitutes are lining up for free English classes to enable them to communicate with clients.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]