["Photographer's comment is just one of many events that fuel call to restrict paparazzi.", "especially to accommodate different cultural backgrounds is a trend likely to continue. But just one is exhausting and expensive. Those with means can if they like. But that's a lot of celebrations. We ait, linsey. Coming up next,  salma hayek", "yesterday. So much fun. Now, it's great to welcome  salma hayek , now to times square. Great to have you here. Thank But they worked as a weapon. One more lesson from  salma hayek . I wish we had more time. Unfortunately, we do not ", "adam sandler, on yesterday. So much fun. Now, it's great to welcome salma hayek , now to times square. Great to have you here. Thank you. You play a glamorous fashion designer that moves with adam back ", 'my feet. But they worked as a weapon. One more lesson from salma hayek . I wish we had more time. Unfortunately, we do not. The movie is fantastic. Great to have you back. ', 'that is who. In the past ten years UNICEF is cut in Japan the number of when died of tetanus of them Now doing them  Salma Hayek  in the people Panthers are determined. That no job done. News that the about it Eastern Conference. With world to ', 'of when -- died of tetanus of them -- Now doing them Salma Hayek in the people -- Panthers are determined. That no job done. News that the about it Eastern Conference. With world to bring. ', 'Actress  Salma Hayek  has gotten world buzzing by breast feeding a hungry baby not her own world. Talking. And eat me. We I did this rural health clinic whose  Salma Hayek . In a country that has the highest infant mortality rate in the world ', 'Actress Salma Hayek has gotten -- world buzzing by breast feeding a hungry baby not her own. On a trip sincerely known as part of ', "eat me. We -- -- I did this rural health clinic whose Salma Hayek . In a country that has the highest infant mortality rate in the world. And we're malnutrition. Were told by doctors is a ", 'Francois-Henri Pinault speaks for first time about child with Linda Evangelista.', 'Some magazine a pretty interesting interview to magazine over in Spain admitting that at one point during her time here in the US she herself. Was an illegal immigrants immigration one of those political. Our hot button topics this year were she says I was an illegal immigrant in the US it was for', "When you see these images Britney Spears driving around and the photographers and so forth. What do you feel when you save us. You know I'm really. I really wonder. About rethink she and everybody have Philippines. About their safety and how she's not a mother. And they're worried that these with", "Andrade used to pick up her daughter after work get an appliance back. But one night in 2001 she couldn't make it seventeen year old Aaliyah was last seen alive crossing the street headed for the bucks what an equity CN. I reported it to the police she says they told me she probably gotten back", "The Washington Post is called the season's best new comedy and tonight you get a chance to see for yourself Ugly Betty premieres tonight. And the star of the broadcast is here with us as well her name is America And she is here with by her side the show's executive producer no kidding high tech.", "Yeah and He He. We really did this rural health clinic whose  Salma Hayek . In a country that has the highest infant mortality rate in the world. And and we're malnutrition. Were told by doctors is ", "Yeah and He He. We really did this rural health clinic whose Salma Hayek . In a country that has the highest infant mortality rate in the world. And and we're malnutrition. Were told by doctors is ", "she in Julianna Margulies signs really of The big colors black and white and In a whole lot at the in half and they  Salma Hayek  and Jodie Foster all sparkle. Payton headed hearing Connie Britton co stars on ABC's hit in Nashville. Look like ", "-- In a whole lot at the -- in half and they Salma Hayek and Jodie Foster all sparkle. Payton headed hearing Connie Britton co stars on ABC's hit in Nashville. Look like they each get ", "I don't think. Tom Cruise. And KV have a choice as they finish so many paparazzi. The Sarah Jessica Parker and  Salma Hayek  have also expressed concern about the of going too far they have parked outside of your house. And they will not move ", 'choice as they finish so many paparazzi. The Sarah Jessica Parker and Salma Hayek have also expressed concern about the -- of -- going too far they have parked outside of your house. And they will ', "reason. The other bombshell new revelations about the French billionaire's child with superstar actress and now wife  Salma Hayek . Who knows sitting in legally recognize his son with a least at first because soon after he met and impregnated who ", "revelations about the French billionaire's child with superstar actress and now wife Salma Hayek . Who knows sitting in legally recognize his son with a -- least at first because soon after he met and impregnated -- ", "and counting. Here's ABC's Jake Tapper. Hollywood. Tonight premieres storm again. Kristol Robert Downey junior  Salma Hayek  and Murphy and Barbra Streisand. All turning out for Obama campaign and Democratic Party fund Catered by Wolfgang Puck ", 'Jake Tapper. Hollywood. Tonight premieres storm again. -- Kristol Robert Downey junior Salma Hayek and Murphy and Barbra Streisand. All turning out for -- Obama campaign and Democratic Party fund -- Catered by Wolfgang Puck hosted ', 'And when celebrities take on breast is a personal issue it tends to get some attention Nightline profiled actress  Salma Hayek  in Sierra Leone. A country where the culture outright discourages and it leads to malnutrition. This clip where Hayek ', 'a personal issue it tends to get some attention Nightline profiled actress Salma Hayek in Sierra Leone. A country where the culture outright discourages -- and it leads to malnutrition. This clip where Hayek breast fed ', "financial contribution from the father the company that owns Gucci Younis on the wrong he's now married to actress  Salma Hayek  and has fathered a child with her as well. He's claiming the money is for and not his child he's arguing that this ", "that owns Gucci Younis on the wrong he's now married to actress Salma Hayek and has fathered a child with her as well. He's claiming the money is for -- and not his child he's arguing "]