["ABC's Dan Harris, Erin Brady and  Sally Hawkins  report: When it comes to holiday shopping, this means war. In the battle for a piece of the $465 billion pie the National Retail ", 'Swan" co-stars, Mila Kunis and Barbara Hershey, could both be shoe-ins for Best Supporting Actress honors.  Sally Hawkins  has a good shot for her portrayal of a British factory worker who leads a strike for equal wages in "Made in Dagenham ', 'turn as the psychologically fragile ballerina in " Black Swan ," the tour de force directed by Darren Aronofsky.  Sally Hawkins  also has a good shot for her portrayal of a British factory worker who leads a strike for equal wages. "Hawkins ', 'one big blister. ... So, in 1968, when the pruning season started, he grew a beard to cover part of his face from the sun." He has had the beard ever since. ABC News\' David Wright and  Sally Hawkins  contributed to this report.', 'Popcorn With Peter Travers ." "We never thought about it. There\'s a line at the end of the film when [co-star]  Sally Hawkins  says to me. \'You\'re just a child\' and Nick told me he now wishes he hadn\'t put it in." "An Education" originated ', "Education' (Oct. 9) Director: Lone Scherfig Stars: Carey Mulligan, Peter Sarsgaard, Alfred Molina, Emma Thompson,  Sally Hawkins  Story: British actress Mulligan made a breakthrough at the Sundance Film Festival with this movie, starring as ", '300 or more in the most fire-prone country on earth. (thanks to Ed Bailey for this entry) WEDNESDAY -thanks to  Sally Hawkins  and her futures note where I cribbed the following from: -- TREASURY SECRETARY GEITHNER ON THE HILL -10am ET-- Senate ', '300 or more in the most fire-prone country on earth. (thanks to Ed Bailey for this entry) WEDNESDAY -thanks to  Sally Hawkins  and her futures note where I cribbed the following from: -- TREASURY SECRETARY GEITHNER ON THE HILL -10am ET-- Senate ', "Some men buy flashy sports cars. Some take up hunting wild animals, and others more simply turn to lifting weights to lose the extra padding they've added since they hit 40. And then, there's something thousands of other guys do to spice up the monotony of midlife, to experience something other", "that's got to be part of why we see movies. My number three film happy go lucky and just amazing friends. Can be tough  Sally Hawkins  plays a London schoolteacher who has this attitude of just always been happy. It's a very breezy performance but ", "go lucky and -- just amazing friends. Can be tough -- -- Sally Hawkins plays a London schoolteacher who has this attitude of just always been happy. It's a very breezy performance but deceptively so because ", "part of why we see movies. My number three film happy go lucky and just amazing friends. Could be tough times call  Sally Hawkins  plays a London schoolteacher who has this attitude of just always been happy. It's a very breezy performance but ", "go lucky and -- just amazing friends. Could be tough times call Sally Hawkins plays a London schoolteacher who has this attitude of just always been happy. It's a very breezy performance but deceptively so because ", "movies. My number three film happy go lucky and went just amazing friends. Could be tough because that's probably  Sally Hawkins  plays. A London schoolteacher who has this attitude of just always been happy it's a very easy performance but deceptively ", "and -- went just amazing friends. Could be tough because that's probably Sally Hawkins plays. A London schoolteacher who has this attitude of just always been happy it's a very -- easy performance but deceptively so ", "moment. Not and I'm not talking about pat and I think genius genius. The best actress category is sort of one.  Sally Hawkins  who was so superb being happy go lucky wasn't even nominated. And then you've got Angelina Jolie was like being ", "genius genius. The best actress category is sort of -- -- one. Sally Hawkins who was so superb being happy go lucky wasn't even nominated. And then you've got Angelina Jolie was like being down from "]