['about time. A "Family Guy" spin-off? Bring it on. And the strong voice cast includes Mike Henry, Nia Long,  Sanaa Lathan  and Seth McFarlane. But, really, they had us at Stoolbend. (Fox; Sept. 27) "Trauma" -- NBC finally removed ', 'in the Sun," airing Feb. 25. The award-winning Broadway cast, including Phylicia Rashad, Audra McDonald and  Sanaa Lathan , will reprise their original parts for the movie. Executive producer Combs returns to his stage role as the struggling ', 'about a change?" Michelle Obama Kerry Washington and  Sanaa Lathan  could compete to play the future first lady. Wilbekin could take charge. Finn: There\'s this actress named  Sanaa Lathan , she\'s stunning, smart, composed. She\'d be a ', 'running the family company (Cole Hauser). Meanwhile, Alice is baffled by her self-centered and ambitious daughter ( Sanaa Lathan ) who from the day of her wedding looks down on her construction worker husband, Chris. (Rockmond Dunbar). Pam ', 'But as befits a play set within an inner-city matriarchy, the heavy lifting is done by three remarkable women:  Sanaa Lathan , Audra McDonald and Phylicia Rashad, who became the first African-American ever to win the Tony for best actress ', 'entertainers and athletes. Steve Harvey and Cedric "The Entertainer" hosted the show. Best actress honors went to  Sanaa Lathan  for Love + Basketball. Hip-hop duo Outkast was a double winner for male group and video, for "Ms. Jackson ', 'entertainers and athletes. Steve Harvey and Cedric "The Entertainer" hosted the show. Best actress honors went to  Sanaa Lathan  for Love + Basketball. Hip-hop duo Outkast was a double winner for male group and video, for "Ms. Jackson ', 'entertainers and athletes. Steve Harvey and Cedric "The Entertainer" hosted the show. Best actress honors went to  Sanaa Lathan  for Love + Basketball. Hip-hop duo Outkast was a double winner for male group and video, for "Ms. Jackson ', 'entertainers and athletes. Steve Harvey and Cedric "The Entertainer" hosted the show. Best actress honors went to  Sanaa Lathan  for Love + Basketball. Hip-hop duo Outkast was a double winner for male group and video, for "Ms. Jackson ', 'entertainers and athletes. Steve Harvey and Cedric "The Entertainer" hosted the show. Best actress honors went to  Sanaa Lathan  for Love + Basketball. Hip-hop duo Outkast was a double winner for male group and video, for "Ms. Jackson ', 'entertainers and athletes. Steve Harvey and Cedric "The Entertainer" hosted the show. Best actress honors went to  Sanaa Lathan  for Love + Basketball. Hip-hop duo Outkast was a double winner for male group and video, for "Ms. Jackson ', "He's one of the newest members of the critically acclaimed series boss on the stars network Sanaa late and plays Mona Smart savvy Politico who is hired by Kelsey Grammer character as his chief of staff. Else's character may be the boss but make no mistake Mona has a mind around what she's afraid to"]