['Actress Sally Field excited about Academy Awards nomination for her performance in "Lincoln."', "blank you Blake wore in the first place. And He was not was accepting her Emmy award for lead actress in a drama series  Sally Field . Potty now are also rising today Google's search is young poker player who played the right. This weekend eighteen ", "was accepting her Emmy award for lead actress in a drama series Sally Field . Potty now are also rising today Google's search is -- young poker player who played the right. This weekend eighteen year old ", "you're looking for proof that  Sally Field  was dedicated to winning the role her series Oscar confidential.  Sally Field  has been a beloved part of American for Nightline. In Los Angeles.  Sally Field  you can watch the Academy Awards ", "If you're looking for proof that Sally Field was dedicated to winning the role she played in Steven Spielberg's movie -- him. Consider this she agreed to gain 25 pounds to play the -- Yet it was her secret challenges she says off screen that propelled her performance forward. Here's ABC's Chris Connelly for her series Oscar confidential. Sally Field has been a beloved part of American pop culture for nearly a half century. -- sixties it comes -- Flying Nun. -- ", "-- to do and I'm Chris Connolly for Nightline. In Los Angeles. Sally Field you can watch the Academy Awards right here on ABC Sunday February 24. ", "With the oscars just a week away, the oscar-nominated  sally field  revealing what was playing behind the camera as she was of them. Here's abc's chris connelly. Reporter:  Sally field  has been a beloved part of american culture for nearly ", 'With the oscars just a week away, the oscar-nominated sally field revealing what was playing behind the camera as she was portraying mrs. Lincoln in front of them. Here\'s abc\'s chris connelly. Reporter: Sally field has been a beloved part of american culture for nearly a half-century. Well, I learned my lesson. FROM HER \'60s SITCOM "GIDGET," ', "Mary Todd. And she's played by  Sally Field  just. Perhaps. The best supporting time member. And now. Here is  Sally Field  of the the beginning that just And I think whose cast he said  Sally Field  that was it. Yes but I think wasn't ", "couldn't be anything without his wife Mary Todd. And she's played by Sally Field just. Perhaps. The best supporting actress of the year by the -- -- film critics of the time -- member. And now. Here is Sally Field -- -- of the the beginning that just towards falling -- -- and -- you have. Nothing about it wars you get ", 'Lincoln since 2005. And I think whose cast -- -- he said Sally Field that was it. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ', "Sally field  has won two oscars. And her portrayal of abraham lincoln's wife, mary the amendment. What a pow perfore. Here's the thing that got me.  Sally field , two-time oscar winner. Big star. One of the best actresses in the ", "Sally field has won two oscars. And her portrayal of abraham lincoln's wife, mary todd, may earn her a third. Watch her in this ", "the amendment. What a pow perfore. Here's the thing that got me. Sally field , two-time oscar winner. Big star. One of the best actresses in the world. And you really had to fight hard to get ", "Very good madam president keep things. Don't convening of this subcommittee. To investigate this hot team since last minute to play a movie that I am smiling mrs. Clinton was counseled Man. need to investigate the. You have take sections. Even prosecutorial. It just in my household income always", "We've got seven nominations they leading the field under the commercial break. We to speak to  Sally Field  nominated for her supporting actress role in Lincoln listen this. I'm thrilled and and proud to be part of this film. And I ", "leading the field under the commercial break. We -- to speak to Sally Field nominated for her supporting actress role in Lincoln listen this. -- I'm thrilled and and proud to be part of this film. ", "Actress  Sally Field  hasn't done it all gracing the big and small screen she's won two Oscars three Emmys and with one of those enemies coming for ", "Actress Sally Field hasn't done it all gracing the big and small screen she's won two Oscars three Emmys and with one of those enemies ", "all three major networks joining forces for stand up to cancer its mission. This is where the end of cancer begins.  Sally Field  as a part of a galaxy of stars and she's also been. If they nominated for Brothers and sisters again about to start ", "to cancer its mission. This is where the end of cancer begins. Sally Field as a part of a galaxy of stars and she's also been. If they nominated for Brothers and sisters again about to ", 'There are so many award shows now.  Sally field  referred to it as growing like life of pi." I\'m friends with  sally field . Pretty great life. Reporter Supporting actress lincoln\'s  sally field  could derail anne hathaway\'s ', "staircase. How did they vote? There are so many award shows now. Sally field referred to it as growing like a fungus. We'll know how oscar will decide. But we don't. The oscar votes are all ", 'could feature technical oscars early for "life of pi." I\'m friends with sally field . Pretty great life. Reporter: Having fun with her fellow nominees, jennifer lawrence remains the best actress favorite, yet some imagine the hard to wrapped gift for amour\'s emmanuelle riva? Now, what about naomi? A two-time nominee. It feels good. Reporter: Supporting actress lincoln\'s sally field could derail anne hathaway\'s dream. And while robert deniro may not seem like an underdog, he can wipe that smile off of ', 'The board and for a woman is negative Sandberg says all this self sabotage can be traced to what you could call this  Sally Field  syndrome. That women need to be liked the fact is in the office we see that all the time manner Dresden. Aggressive ', 'this self sabotage can be traced to what you could call this Sally Field syndrome. That women need to be liked the fact is in the office we see that all the time manner Dresden. Aggressive. ', 'board ambitious for a woman is negative Sandberg says all the self sabotage can be traced to what you could call this  Sally Field  syndrome. That women need to be liked the fact is in the office we see that all the time manner driven. Aggressive ', 'the self sabotage can be traced to what you could call this Sally Field syndrome. That women need to be liked the fact is in the office we see that all the time manner driven. Aggressive. ', "incident let's say there but you haven't learned late Saturday night that there going to be some other stars like  Sally Field . And importantly Jennifer is well wearing a similar so she switched at the last minute two from the Valentino into ", 'Saturday night that there -- going to be some other stars like Sally Field . And importantly Jennifer -- is well wearing a similar -- so she switched at the last minute two from the Valentino -- ', 'be best supporting actress Amy Adams in the master.  Sally Field  in Lincoln and Hathaway and name is rob Helen Hunt in season comes down to a two person race. We spoke to  Sally Field  here popcorn and hold. About pulling Mary Todd Lincoln ', 'is going to be best supporting actress Amy Adams in the master. Sally Field in Lincoln and Hathaway and name is rob Helen Hunt in the sessions and Jacki Weaver and so -- they. You know in these categories every season comes down to a two person race. We spoke to Sally Field here popcorn and -- hold. About pulling Mary Todd Lincoln in linked. And she had a lot to say about what went ', "jennifer lawrence, has been coming out of her shell. I'm becoming friends with  sally field , which I'm proud of. Reporter: What did you talk to  sally field  about? We should start car pooling. All of the actresses should show up in a giant ", "lawrence, has been coming out of her shell. I'm becoming friends with sally field , which I'm proud of. Reporter: What did you talk to sally field about? We should start car pooling. All of the actresses should show up in a giant van. I have an suv. It's ", 'Health Care Benefits Website; Fitness Guru Susan Powter;  Sally Field  Interview', 'Former President George H. Bush, Jeremy Piven and  Sally Field  wish Diane luck.']