['Kevin Mazur/WireImage/Getty Images "The Talk" co-host  Sara Gilbert  shared big news today: she\'s engaged to girlfriend Linda Perry. Gilbert, 38, told her fellow co-hosts and the audience ', 'Images/CBS The women of "The Talk" bared it all for the season premiere today. Hosts Julie Chen, Sharon Osbourne,  Sara Gilbert , Sheryl Underwood and Aisha Tyler went makeup-free Monday, clad only in towels and robes. The idea was to be in ', 'and Lee, from Boxleitner\'s first marriage to actress Kathryn Ogilvy. Gilbert\'s sister, "The Talk" co-host  Sara Gilbert , 36, has also split from her partner of 10 years, Allison Adler, 44, according to People. They will share joint ', 'appearance). Those waiting in the wings included Cameron Diaz, Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson, Harvey Weinstein, and  Sara Gilbert , says Archerd. Green was slightly miffed, Archerd says, but the two are now sticking to what was apparently their ', 'appearance). Those waiting in the wings included Cameron Diaz, Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson, Harvey Weinstein, and  Sara Gilbert , says Archerd. Green was slightly miffed, Archerd says, but the two are now sticking to what was apparently their ', 'appearance). Those waiting in the wings included Cameron Diaz, Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson, Harvey Weinstein, and  Sara Gilbert , says Archerd. Green was slightly miffed, Archerd says, but the two are now sticking to what was apparently their ', 'appearance). Those waiting in the wings included Cameron Diaz, Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson, Harvey Weinstein, and  Sara Gilbert , says Archerd. Green was slightly miffed, Archerd says, but the two are now sticking to what was apparently their ', 'appearance). Those waiting in the wings included Cameron Diaz, Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson, Harvey Weinstein, and  Sara Gilbert , says Archerd. Green was slightly miffed, Archerd says, but the two are now sticking to what was apparently their ', 'appearance). Those waiting in the wings included Cameron Diaz, Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson, Harvey Weinstein, and  Sara Gilbert , says Archerd. Green was slightly miffed, Archerd says, but the two are now sticking to what was apparently their ', "the ladies there Sharon a company to go make free. For their big premiere on that ten's Sharon Osbourne Julie Chen  Sara Gilbert  Cheryl Underwood and you should Tyler the big season premiere even guest Jamie Lee Curtis is gonna go stands a make ", "free. For their big premiere on that ten's Sharon Osbourne Julie Chen Sara Gilbert Cheryl Underwood and you should Tyler the big season premiere even -- guest Jamie Lee Curtis is gonna go stands -- a "]