['What incredible acting by the two young actors and McConaughey." Meanwhile, in New York City for upfronts,  Sarah Michelle Gellar  took a break from promoting her new CBS show to have a late dinner with a group of friends on Monday night at Arlington ', 'but the producers thought he was \'too nice\' to be taken seriously as a cold-blooded killer ."  Sarah Michelle Gellar : Cher  Sarah Michelle Gellar  had to turn down the role of Clueless\' fashion-forward heroine due to her busy "All My Children ', '(JB Lacroix/WireImage)  Sarah Michelle Gellar  and her husband, Freddie Prinze, Jr., are the parents of a baby boy. "Sarah Michelle and Freddie Prinze, Jr. are thrilled ', 'J., was originally played by Sal Barone before the role was handed off to Michael Fishman. Buffy Summers:  Sarah Michelle Gellar  initially auditioned for the supporting role of cheerleader Cordelia on the cult hit "Buffy the Vampire Slayer ', 'David Beckham is one of the most famous athletes in the world, her celebrity has only grown with her new name?  Sarah Michelle Gellar  became Sarah Michelle Prinze in 2009. In honor of their five-year wedding anniversary, Sarah surprised hubby ', 'Little Liars Kiefer Sutherland, Touch Ed Westwick, Gossip Girl Choice TV Actress: Drama Emily Deschanel, Bones  Sarah Michelle Gellar , Ringer Lucy Hale, Pretty Little Liars Leighton Meester, Gossip Girl Emily VanCamp, Revenge Choice TV Show ', 'in Apt 23." It cancelled "GCB," "Missing," "Pan Am" and "The River." The CW pulled the plug on  Sarah Michelle Gellar \'s "Ringer" as well as "The Secret Circle," and renewed "Gossip Girl," "Nikita" and "Hart of Dixie ', 'Sarah Michelle Gellar  and hubby Freddie Prinze, Jr. are having a second child, Us Weekly reports. A friend of the stars, who have been married since ', 'plenty, what with gaudy Golden Globes gowns and SAG missteps, like Wiig\'s. Let\'s take a look at exhibit B:  Sarah Michelle Gellar  The erstwhile vampire slayer wore this dress because her 2-year-old daughter picked it out. "It\'s funny ', 'creatures of the night: Buffy the Vampire Slayer.  Sarah Michelle Gellar  became a teen queen thanks to the hit TV series co-stars have done since the show went off the air:  Sarah Michelle Gellar  As Buffy, Gellar fought to rid the fictional town ', 'and "One Life to Live," on since 1968, launched the careers of some of today\'s biggest stars, including  Sarah Michelle Gellar , Michelle Trachtenberg, Melissa Leo, Josh Duhamel, Eva LaRue, Christian Slater, Rosie O\'Donnell, Kim Delaney ', 'for Fashion Site The site already has about 30 sponsored celebrity partners, including actresses Rashida Jones,  Sarah Michelle Gellar  and Jamie-Lynn Sigler, and a roster of big-name designer partners, including Kate Spade, Oscar de la Renta ', "Barnum always said this spell my name right. Investors not somewhat familiar faces all of this season Buffy star  Sarah Michelle Gellar  she's back and ringer. It's got kind of a mystery to what what you know about this one. Yes this is thriller ", "right. Investors not somewhat familiar faces all of this season Buffy star Sarah Michelle Gellar she's back and ringer. It's got kind of a mystery -- to what -- what you know about this one. Yes this "]