['will likely always be flashbulbs on star kids. But now, A-list parents are fighting back. Celebrity moms like  Sarah Jessica Parker , Salma Hayek and Julia Roberts have butted heads with the paparazzi over their children. Halle Berry Testifies ', "Jolie who have reportedly also bought tickets to space. (Mikko Stig /AFP/Getty Images)  Sarah Jessica Parker  Launching Own Shoe Line  Sarah Jessica Parker 's onscreen alter ego, Carrie Bradshaw, was a shoe fanatic, and now Parker is launching ", 'overall performance through arts education. Besides the "Scandal" star, actor Forest Whitaker and actress  Sarah Jessica Parker  also adopted schools last month. The first lady visited teacher Jacqueline Lyons\' pre-K class and freeze-danced ', "designers will be revealed on the red carpet at the celebrities arrive. Beyonce, Gwyneth Paltrow, Rihanna,  Sarah Jessica Parker  and Jessica Alba are some of the celebrities that attended last year's event.", 'AP Supermodel Naomi Campbell took a tumble while walking the runway at Paris Fashion Week.  Sarah Jessica Parker \'s character Carrie Bradshaw pulled "a Naomi" on an infamous episode of "Sex and the City," and now a model in Nigeria has ', 'Stars, Scars and Showbiz Kids on "20/20? Airing Friday, February 1 at 10pm on ABC', 'with - and Without - Shirley MacLaine , she shares some of the painful stories of childhood. Celebrities like  Sarah Jessica Parker , Kidd Rock and Julia Roberts are fed up with the paparazzi taking pictures of their children - at school, in ', 'they don\'t know her and we do," John said.  Sarah Jessica Parker  and Matthew Broderick "Sex and the City" star  Sarah Jessica Parker , 47, and Broadway staple Matthew Broderick, 50 ', 'Documentary Examines the Volatile Relationship Between Celebrities and Paparazzi', 'in front of you. It\'s false imprisonment."  Sarah Jessica Parker  talked about the first time the flashing camera lights because he was dealing with cancer, then go down to  Sarah Jessica Parker \'s house, then go to Hugh Jackman\'s house and ', 'Murphy, earned $153 million on a $75 million budget, Forbes said. But don\'t worry about Stiller. He\'s working on "Zoolander 2" for 2014, which may be as big a hit as the first film in 2001, which he also directed.  Sarah Jessica Parker', 'Foundation. She also co-hosted a $40,000-per-plate fundraising dinner at the New York City home of actress  Sarah Jessica Parker  in June and a $35,800-a-head event at the Connecticut home of movie mogul Harvey Weinstein in August. Obama ', 'people whom you\'ve elected."  Sarah Jessica Parker  category: Barack Obama Two it\'s "Sex and the City" star  Sarah Jessica Parker  who is hosting. Parker is Barack Obama Ten days before  Sarah Jessica Parker  hosts her "fabulous" fundraiser ', 'Dash stood by her endorsement, tweeting, "My humble opinion ... EVERYONE is entitled to one." 5.  Sarah Jessica Parker Sarah Jessica Parker  is known for her fashion statements, so it was no surprise when she showed off her support for Obama ', 'people whom you\'ve elected."  Sarah Jessica Parker  category: Barack Obama Two it\'s "Sex and the City" star  Sarah Jessica Parker  who is hosting. Parker is Barack Obama Ten days before  Sarah Jessica Parker  hosts her "fabulous" fundraiser ', 'trending right now including an accessory line for  sarah jessica parker  and we have our managing editor of "people" magazine.  Sarah jessica parker  and manolo, what took so long? I\'m reaching ', 'the "heat index." What\'s trending right now including an accessory line for sarah jessica parker and we have our managing editor of "people" magazine. Sarah jessica parker and manolo, what took so long? I\'m reaching the end of my lymph expertise. They make sense. A great idea. We\'ll have ', 'Against the bounty not just on their heads. Put on their children as well be my child the lone star columns like  Sarah Jessica Parker  Salma Hayek and Julia Roberts have butted heads with the caps over their children just weeks ago Halley Berry who ', 'children as well be my child the lone star -- columns like Sarah Jessica Parker Salma Hayek and Julia Roberts have butted heads with the caps over their children just weeks ago Halley Berry who has publicly ', "disclosure. I in the huge  Sarah Jessica Parker  fan. And I'm also happy unconventional looks. How does  Sarah Jessica Parker  duet by living the most conventional guess just like Carrie Bradshaw  Sarah Jessica Parker  is the ultimate working girl ", "-- and I have to admit full disclosure. I in the huge Sarah Jessica Parker fan. And I'm also happy to report I found her to be thoughtful subsidy to head down to earth and as windy ", "been an unconventional rise for the star with unconventional looks. How does Sarah Jessica Parker duet by living the most conventional life she can. Sometimes it. Feels that you can barely read -- think. Or make good decisions because you're so overwhelmed by -- it. But I must confess that I can't imagine it. Generally speaking any other way. So bill I guess just like Carrie Bradshaw Sarah Jessica Parker is the ultimate working girl and rock in the minivan that's right -- -- her life full. Come back off and please I definitely. Thanks very excellent and you can see much more of Sarah Jessica Parker she'll be live Thursday morning on Good Morning America. ", "Pierce Brosnan Discusses Career, Sarah Jessica Parker  and New Movie 'I Don't Know How She Does It'", 'Brosnan discuss his latest film role and working alongside  Sarah Jessica Parker .', "That we now a special treat on this special day were popular  Sarah Jessica Parker  it has been Wisconsin's independent to back that. Very very exciting. I let's talk about your new movie I don't know how ", "That we now a special treat on this special day were popular Sarah Jessica Parker it has been -- Wisconsin's independent -- to -- -- back -- -- -- -- -- that. Very -- very exciting. I "]