["Ask you quickly about  Sandra Bullock  who is father who did such a great job playing you you torso good friend good friends she's. She is an inner circles she is ", "Ask you quickly about Sandra Bullock who is father who did such a great job playing you you torso good friend -- -- good friends she's. She is ", 'she\'s bringing "the heat." See how I worked that one in. That\'s good. Brand-new movie joining forces with  sandra bullock  as a couple of mismatched law enforcement officers that will take down a drug lord. We\'ll take a look at the clip ', "I worked that one in. That's good. Brand-new movie joining forces with sandra bullock as a couple of mismatched law enforcement officers that will take down a drug lord. We'll take a look at the clip ", 'just a little crazy from the heat. Last week it was about the mobsters, "world war z." How about "the heat"?  Sandra bullock  and melissa McCARTHY USING HER CHARM. She\'s so obnoxious in this movie. They\'re already talking about a sequel ', 'it was about the mobsters, "world war z." How about "the heat"? Sandra bullock and melissa McCARTHY USING HER CHARM. She\'s so obnoxious in this movie. They\'re already talking about a sequel. How about "despicable me ', "care about telling us. living inspiration behind  Sandra Bullock 's character in the 2009 blockbuster of the blind more about the Jennifer I want ask you quickly about  Sandra Bullock  who did such a great job playing you you good and ", "to pretend to care about telling us. -- -- living inspiration behind Sandra Bullock's character in the 2009 blockbuster of the blind side a story about a family who took in. And adopted a homeless teenager ", "and autopilot more about the Jennifer I want ask you quickly about Sandra Bullock -- -- -- who did such a great job playing you you -- good and we're very good friends -- She is ", 'huge opening weekend for the comedy "the heat" driven by the star power of  sandra bullock , melissa McCarthy and demian bichir. He plays -- he plays sandy\'s boss in the movie and here he is trying to help -- well ', 'weekend for the comedy "the heat" driven by the star power of sandra bullock , melissa McCarthy and demian bichir. He plays -- he plays sandy\'s boss in the movie and here he is trying to help ', "very funny. Can I just add one more plug, demian bichir, also in the film is here later in the program. He plays  sandra bullock 's boss and also an oscar nominee. Very funny. Yes. Larry, thanks so much. Good to see you.", "also in the film is here later in the program. He plays sandra bullock's boss and also an oscar nominee. Very funny. Yes. Larry, thanks so much. Good to see you. ", "to stay here until they start rescuing people. A huge earthquake happened. Who do they rescue first? Clooney,  sandra bullock , me. If there's room, you will come. We're all going to get out of this first. Seth rogen, co-director ", "rescuing people. A huge earthquake happened. Who do they rescue first? Clooney, sandra bullock , me. If there's room, you will come. We're all going to get out of this first. Seth rogen, co-director, co-producer, co-writer. Is ", "FaceBook page that would answer grand picture we've we've posted say you look a lot like Sandra your neighbor  Sandra Bullock  Speed speed be it. And guilty pleasure. I think reality TV and start saying are on their side. We'll thanks for ", "posted say you look a lot like Sandra -- -- your neighbor Sandra Bullock -- Speed speed -- be it. And guilty pleasure. I think reality TV and start saying are on their side. We'll thanks ", "Ballerina turned to  Sandra Bullock  no movie star has been more in famous couple in January when  Sandra Bullock  and Jesse James still seemed happily think the people were judging  Sandra Bullock . No I don't think there were ", 'Ballerina turned to Sandra Bullock no movie star has been more in the spotlight He -- past few months and her. All that scrutiny from her first ', 'cover boy came to live with the famous couple in January when Sandra Bullock and Jesse James still seemed happily married. Bulluck tells People Magazine they began trying to adopt a baby from New Orleans four ', "in any of this. Our do you think the people were judging Sandra Bullock . No I don't think there were judging heard all I think -- a lot of divorces there's. Pretty much an even split and I think in this particular case all the sympathy went to Sandra Bullock . But the same time I don't think I think she's a strong intelligent woman I don't think she wanted pity. And I ", 'The marriage troubles for  Sandra Bullock  who just to the Oscar for best after reports that He cheated on  Sandra Bullock  with a tattoo model. Juju Chang the stories of infidelity broke  Sandra Bullock  has stayed out of the public ', "The marriage troubles for Sandra Bullock who just to -- the Oscar for best actress. Bullock's husband Jesse James is now publicly apologizing. To his wife and two was children for his quote bad judgment. A public apology comes after reports that He cheated on Sandra Bullock with a tattoo model. Juju Chang has more on nests developing story absolute. -- you know Jesse James came forward saying that ", 'grief I have caused them. But since the stories of infidelity broke Sandra Bullock has stayed out of the public. She does -- serve as the stepmother for his three kids so. -- you know this ', "forgiveness begins with an apology. You should know we reached out to Sandra Bullock's publicist -- receive no comment and as of now the premiere of her movie blind side in London is canceled. ", "All eyes are on  Sandra Bullock  and Jesse James and for all the wrong reasons everyone welcomed up the biggest entertainment news. She just won an Oscar but  Sandra Bullock  may be out a husband after multiple women are claiming they've ", "All eyes are on Sandra Bullock and Jesse James and for all the wrong reasons everyone welcomed the post game -- where wrapping up the -- biggest entertainment news. She just won an Oscar but Sandra Bullock may be out a husband after multiple women are claiming they've had affairs -- Jesse. Acting stripper Michelle bombshell McGee and fellow ", "person had said that there is not only sex tape. With  Sandra Bullock  and her husband Jesse James but there are also sex women He is alleged that indiscretions with. We'll  Sandra Bullock  is talking she is denying the existence of the tape ", "this person had said that there is not only sex tape. With Sandra Bullock and her husband Jesse James but there are also sex tapes with these four women He is alleged -- that indiscretions with. We'll Sandra Bullock is talking she is denying the existence of the tape she said quote there is no sex tape. There has never been ", 'Sandra Bullock  who is an Oscar nominee for the blind side. Was getting an award this Texas. This by the way love Ann Richards loved Ann Richards. She is  Sandra Bullock  was founding member of the advisory board early on to this all girls ', 'Sandra Bullock who is an Oscar nominee for the blind side. Was getting an award this morning -- a there having a big party. At the end Richard school and Austin, Texas. This by the way love Ann Richards loved Ann Richards. She is Sandra Bullock was -- -- -- founding member of the advisory board early on to this all girls college prep school they sent a ', "great to see you it's great to see it's okay your cover stories a little bit disconcerting because you've got  Sandra Bullock  on the coverage he's looking incredibly thin what's going on here. Can Intel was always one of those actresses ", "it's okay your cover stories a little bit disconcerting because you've got Sandra Bullock on the coverage he's looking incredibly thin what's going on here. Can Intel was always one of those actresses who looked super ", "Test Text1 italics  Sandra bullock . melissa McCarthy, jennifer alongside her over 40 counterpart  sandra bullock . You want to go out? We'll york. We just saw the video of  sandra bullock . She's 48 years old. Approaching ", "Test Text1 italics Sandra bullock . melissa McCarthy, jennifer lopez. Cameron diaz. A-list stars with one thing in common. They're all over 40 in hollywood. They also have ", "for a woman. Reporter: The heat starring alongside her over 40 counterpart sandra bullock . You want to go out? We'll take you out. Reporter: It's expected to be a huge box office draw. But why now? ", "rachel smith, abc news, new york. We just saw the video of sandra bullock . She's 48 years old. Approaching 50. She looks incredible. She does. Coming up here on the broadcast -- check out this young ", "of the NBA finals between the spurs airs tonight on ABC coverage begins at 8 PM eastern.  Sandra Bullock  is this under center. Santa okay  Sandra Bullock  Melissa McCarthy Jennifer Lopez Cameron Diaz A stars one thing in common they're all over ", "-- -- airs tonight on ABC coverage begins at 8 PM eastern. Sandra Bullock is this under center. -- Santa okay Sandra Bullock Melissa McCarthy Jennifer Lopez Cameron Diaz A -- stars -- one thing in common they're all over forty earning top dollar and ", "Now the picture of the morning from wow. Actress  Sandra Bullock  is a new mom. Check out this picture of her with her baby boy she adopted a few months ago it's kept the secret his name is ", "Now the picture of the morning from wow. Actress Sandra Bullock is a new mom. Check out this picture of her with her baby boy she adopted a few months ago it's kept ", "America's sweetheart  Sandra Bullock  made a triumphant return to center stage for the first time since her personal life stole center stage. She received a life achievement ", "America's sweetheart Sandra Bullock made a triumphant return to center stage for the first time since her personal life stole center stage. She received a life "]