["skater Dorothy Hamill is 57. Actor Kevin Spacey is 54. Rock singer Gary Cherone (sher-OWN') is 52. Actress  Sandra Bullock  is 49. Rock singer Jim Lindberg (Pennywise) is 48. Actor Jeremy Piven is 48. Rapper-reggae singer Wayne Wonder ", 'The techno-thriller "Gravity" starring  Sandra Bullock  and George Clooney as astronauts stranded in outer space will open the 70th Venice Film Festival. Terry Gilliam\'s "The Zero ', 'this earth and it\'s our job to care for them. And if we don\'t we\'re doing the world a disservice."  Sandra Bullock Sandra Bullock  was able to keep the mother of all secrets -- that she had adopted son Louis Bardo Bullock -- in the midst ', 'Sandra Bullock  has landed at Comic-Con. The actress came to the pop-culture convention for the first time Saturday to discuss the new film ', 'A Time to Kill" was Grisham\'s first novel and it was made into a 1996 movie starring Matthew McConaughey,  Sandra Bullock  and Samuel L. Jackson. It\'s a courtroom thriller set in Mississippi that centers on a white lawyer defending a ', 'Actress Susan George is 63. Actor Kevin Spacey is 54. Singer Gary Cherone (Extreme, Van Halen) is 52. Actress  Sandra Bullock  is 49. Singer Jim Lindberg of Pennywise is 48. Actor Jeremy Piven is 48. Singer Wayne Wonder is 47. Actor Cress ', 'established himself in Hollywood, Ken can still be on call when fellow actors get hurt or need a doc. "Yeah, the  Sandra Bullock  movie, on the set of \'All About Steve,\' extras were getting sick from heat exhaustion, we had to go and just ', 'understanding of what transpired," he added. They were engaged in December and had been planning an August wedding, the couple told People magazine. Von D had previously been engaged to  Sandra Bullock \'s former husband , Jesse James.', "Melissa McCarthy, Sandra Bullock  Bonded Over 'Obsession' With Home Renovation, Kids", 'Melissa McCarthy had never met  Sandra Bullock  before teaming up with the actress on their new movie, but said "The Heat" co-stars hit it off right away and had "ridiculous ', 'can\'t live without? Coffee. In this world. Favorite  Sandra Bullock  movie? [A number of viewers pointed out how closely Rebecca resembles  Sandra Bullock ] "Speed," love "Speed." Guilty pleasure? Reality ', '(Photo credit: Splash News)  Sandra Bullock  adopted her son Louis in 2010, and in a new interview, she said that she decided to raise him in Los Angeles so that he could ', "Ask you quickly about  Sandra Bullock  who is father who did such a great job playing you you torso good friend good friends she's. She is an inner circles she is ", "Ask you quickly about Sandra Bullock who is father who did such a great job playing you you torso good friend -- -- good friends she's. She is ", 'she\'s bringing "the heat." See how I worked that one in. That\'s good. Brand-new movie joining forces with  sandra bullock  as a couple of mismatched law enforcement officers that will take down a drug lord. We\'ll take a look at the clip ', "I worked that one in. That's good. Brand-new movie joining forces with sandra bullock as a couple of mismatched law enforcement officers that will take down a drug lord. We'll take a look at the clip ", 'just a little crazy from the heat. Last week it was about the mobsters, "world war z." How about "the heat"?  Sandra bullock  and melissa McCARTHY USING HER CHARM. She\'s so obnoxious in this movie. They\'re already talking about a sequel ', 'it was about the mobsters, "world war z." How about "the heat"? Sandra bullock and melissa McCARTHY USING HER CHARM. She\'s so obnoxious in this movie. They\'re already talking about a sequel. How about "despicable me ', "care about telling us. living inspiration behind  Sandra Bullock 's character in the 2009 blockbuster of the blind more about the Jennifer I want ask you quickly about  Sandra Bullock  who did such a great job playing you you good and ", "to pretend to care about telling us. -- -- living inspiration behind Sandra Bullock's character in the 2009 blockbuster of the blind side a story about a family who took in. And adopted a homeless teenager ", "and autopilot more about the Jennifer I want ask you quickly about Sandra Bullock -- -- -- who did such a great job playing you you -- good and we're very good friends -- She is ", 'huge opening weekend for the comedy "the heat" driven by the star power of  sandra bullock , melissa McCarthy and demian bichir. He plays -- he plays sandy\'s boss in the movie and here he is trying to help -- well ', 'weekend for the comedy "the heat" driven by the star power of sandra bullock , melissa McCarthy and demian bichir. He plays -- he plays sandy\'s boss in the movie and here he is trying to help ', "very funny. Can I just add one more plug, demian bichir, also in the film is here later in the program. He plays  sandra bullock 's boss and also an oscar nominee. Very funny. Yes. Larry, thanks so much. Good to see you.", "also in the film is here later in the program. He plays sandra bullock's boss and also an oscar nominee. Very funny. Yes. Larry, thanks so much. Good to see you. "]