["Diane Keaton. Mia Farrow. Dianne Wiest.  Scarlett Johansson . Penelope Cruz. To the long list of actresses who've thrived in Woody Allen films, it's now time to add Cate Blanchett. And ", 'Reynolds, who divorced another big name actress -  Scarlett Johansson  - in 2010, said he would "love to have a big family know when we\'re there, you know?" he added.  Scarlett Johansson  Opens Up About Her Divorce What Reynolds does know ', 'GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', 'welcomed such notables as Johnny Depp, Meryl Streep, Tom Cruise, Robert Pattinson, Katy Perry, Will Farrell,  Scarlett Johansson , Channing Tatum, Charlize Theron, John Krasinski, Jennifer Garner, Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson ', 'writer Eugenia "Skeeter" Phelan in "The Help," Stone showed she\'s not afraid to get political.  Scarlett Johansson Scarlett Johansson  would have no trouble filling the former New York senator\'s shoes. The 28-year-old actress, who ', 'http://abcn.ws/18qqIoF REESE WITHERSPOON OR  SCARLETT JOHANSSON  AS HILLARY CLINTON? An upcoming movie about the Seyfried, Jessica Chastain, Reese Witherspoon and  Scarlett Johansson . "They\'re all wonderful actresses. We\'re very ', "actress to play Hillary Clinton. The frontrunners to play the former secretary of state and first lady include  Scarlett Johansson , Reese Witherspoon, Amanda Seyfried and Jessica Chastain. The film will focus on Clinton's early years as a ", 'interested in playing the 26-year old Clinton, including Amanda Seyfried, Jessica Chastain, Reese Witherspoon and  Scarlett Johansson . "They\'re all wonderful actresses. We\'re very fortunate that a lot of really great actors are interested in ', "Mexico, Mass. Primary, Colbert Busch: 5 Stories You'll Care About in Politics Next Week", "act at this dinner. Among those walking the red carpet this year will be Barbra Streisand, Steven Spielberg,  Scarlett Johansson , Shaquille O'Neal, Jon Bon Jovi, Kerry Washington and Connie Britton. Oh, and plenty of senators and Cabinet ", '(Photo by: Bruce Glikas/FilmMagic/Getty Images) By all accounts,  Scarlett Johansson  has recovered from her 2010 split from Ryan Reynolds , her husband of two years, but, she admits, "It wasn\'t that long ago ', 'Hudgens, "Journey 2: The Mysterious Island"  Scarlett Johansson , "Marvel\'s The Avengers" Jennifer Lawrence Buttkicker Anne Hathaway, "The Dark Knight Rises"  Scarlett Johansson , "Marvel\'s The Avengers" Jennifer Lawrence ', "You know when I was a little girl my mother she's a registered Democrat. Series date means the polling date and tell me which buttons to press and when to pull the lever. that even legal I don't know I don't think there. Anyway. I remember. That same and I fell in that box and I felt like my mom's", "Scarlett Johansson  and Ryan Reynolds surprise all last are telling me is that the seaside  Scarlett Johansson  sump that she's determined to show but she doesn't really look like  Scarlett Johansson  and and does look like Ron and seventh ", 'Scarlett Johansson and Ryan Reynolds surprise -- all last week when they announced that they were ending -- their marriage but the Hollywood duo ', "follows very nice. What sources are telling me is that the seaside Scarlett Johansson -- sump -- that she's determined to show to everybody. The couple brightened up can still be friends. Good look at that -- -- -- Philadelphia the first meeting post split went well they were laughing and smiling. She picked up the top Nazi think things will be -- -- -- -- was -- a -- to us and apparently people around him -- didn't see this coming desperately noticed I've actually seen -- the times. Without have a makeup and a baseball cap she's -- beautiful girl but she doesn't really look like Scarlett Johansson and -- and does look like Ron and seventh are. I think He was probably noticed and then -- They realize there's ", "performance in match point the beautiful and talented  Scarlett Johansson  has joined forces once again with Woody Allen opens this Friday and we're very very lucky.  Scarlett Johansson  here with us today. Movie looks good you look even ", "heels of her acclaimed performance in match point the beautiful and talented Scarlett Johansson has joined forces once again with Woody Allen. And once again it's about murder and deception among London's up across -- But this time strictly -- -- it's called -- and it's also starring Hugh Jackman it opens this Friday and we're very very lucky. -- -- Scarlett Johansson here with us today. Movie looks good you look even better happy apparently some -- let's start with the tough stuff playing ", 'get to a -- oh, yeah, o"one stop pop, trending."  Scarlett johansson  is hot and she knows it. She said it\'s costing her roles she wants. Scar-jo is missing out on coveted roels because she\'s ', 'get to a -- oh, yeah, o"one stop pop, trending." Scarlett johansson is hot and she knows it. She said it\'s costing her roles she wants. Scar-jo is missing out on coveted roels because ', 'Scarlett Johansson  is probably seeing red right now after nude photos allegedly of the actors were leaked on to the Internet. Several outlets report ', 'Scarlett Johansson is probably seeing red right now after nude photos allegedly of the actors were leaked on to the Internet. Several outlets report ', "It turns out  scarlett johansson  is not only the hottest stars in hollywood. She's about to be the highest-paid of all-time. Set to make a $20 million ", "It turns out scarlett johansson is not only the hottest stars in hollywood. She's about to be the highest-paid of all-time. Set to make a $20 million ", "Crazy him in for Larry this morning's London this some fifty shades of hot in this this morning. Oh I'm  Scarlett Johansson  is the latest need to be rumored for the role of Indiana and the movie version of fifty shades of great writer Bret ", "some fifty shades of hot in this this morning. Oh -- I'm Scarlett Johansson is the latest need to be rumored for the role of Indiana and the movie version of fifty shades of great writer "]