['Collection/Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images.  Zsa Zsa Gabor \'s husband, Frederic von Anhalt, has been named temporary good." He added, "She\'s doing fine." BLOG:  Zsa Zsa Gabor \'s Birthday Fuels Feud Under the new arrangements ', "Credit: David Livingston/Getty Images.  Zsa Zsa Gabor 's husband and daughter are butting heads again. On Tuesday, the ailing Hollywood icon's only daughter, Constance Francesca ", "Credit: Toby Canham/Getty Images.  Zsa Zsa Gabor 's 95th birthday party has driven an even deeper wedge between her husband, Prince Frederic von Anhalt, and her daughter, Constance ", 'Credit: MOVI Inc./Splash News.  Zsa Zsa Gabor  had a "wonderful time" at her 95th birthday party last night, according to her husband, Prince Frederic von Anhalt. "My wife ', 'at least 60 tornadoes ripped through five different states. Famous Birthdays 1895 Babe Ruth 1911 Ronald Reagan 1917  Zsa Zsa Gabor  1931 Rip Torn 1932 Francois Truffault 1940 Tom Brokaw 1944 Michael Tucker 1945 Bob Marley 1950 Natalie Cole 1955 Michael ', 'Zsa Zsa Gabor  was rushed to the hospital today after blood began spilling out of the feeding tube in her stomach. Getty Images Her husband ', "Zsa Zsa Gabor  's health has taken a turn for the worse. Gabor 's publicist announced today that the 93-year-old actress has been readmitted ", 'understanding. Is that too much to ask of a millionaire?"  Zsa Zsa Gabor  with Conrad Hilton, 1957. The marrying streak ran import ban on Cuban cigars, then taxing all three.  Zsa Zsa Gabor  with Prince Frederic von Anhalt, 1993. 3. Appear ', 'interviews with people who knew Madoff intimately. These range from disgruntled relatives to Hollywood victims, such as  Zsa Zsa Gabor , now in her 90s, and her ninth husband, Prince Frederic Von Anhalt, 65, to those who lost life savings through feeder ', "billion . Madoff Victims are Angry Madoff's investors are not happy to hear the he may cut a deal. 92-year old  Zsa Zsa Gabor  is one of them. Her husband Prince Frederick Von Anhalt said the couple lost their $10 million life savings to Madoff ", 'tragic are the cases of elderly people who will have no chance to earn back their lost investments. 92-year old  Zsa Zsa Gabor  is one of them. Gabor, who is wheelchair bound, did not want to talk to ABC News cameras, but her husband Prince ', "Fort Myers, Fla. Unless you're older than Eddie Joost, older than Dom DiMaggio, older than  Zsa Zsa Gabor , you've never lived in a world like this. You've never lived in a world where a baseball season was about to begin and the ", "claimed to be the child's father: including 59-year-old Prince Frederick von Anhalt, the husband of actress  Zsa Zsa Gabor . It's yet to be determined whether Birkhead will gain custody of the baby, although it does seem likely. Another ", 'Lots of money you have to pay out of my pocket although my wife spoke The husband Josh says he and aging actress are swimming in debt their Bel Air mansion on the market medical bills unpaid. Yet critic found on rejects claims made by daughter filed in court this morning. Francesca Hilton says that', "We're now hearing and her spokesperson is confirming that she's going to have half of her leg amputated. They basically say what happened is that there a cancerous lesion had started appearing on one of her legs. And they think they is eminent silver will essentially be amputated below the knee.", "Sparking a paternity dispute more convoluted than a soap opera. The drama -- her lawyer, ex-boyfriend, trainer and  zsa zsa gabor 's husband. A bizarre game of whose your daddy. So you are the father? Yes, sir. That is my baby. She looks ", "than a soap opera. The drama -- her lawyer, ex-boyfriend, trainer and zsa zsa gabor's husband. A bizarre game of whose your daddy. So you are the father? Yes, sir. That is my baby. She looks like ", "guess some people would say it's artistic. You know gave them credit for editing is they had Iraq. Also serious to  Zsa Zsa Gabor  apparently is back in the hospital more she's actually. Had a real bad a couple of months and she has this feeding ", "credit for editing is -- they had Iraq. Also serious -- to Zsa Zsa Gabor apparently is back in the hospital -- more she's actually. Had a real bad a couple of months and she has this "]