['best-selling J.K. Rowling book, is scheduled to hit theaters Nov. 16. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as boy wizard Harry, along with Alan Rickman, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker .', 'best-selling J.K. Rowling book, is scheduled to hit theaters Nov. 16. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as boy wizard Harry, along with Alan Rickman, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker .', 'best-selling J.K. Rowling book, is scheduled to hit theaters Nov. 16. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as boy wizard Harry, along with Alan Rickman, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker .', 'best-selling J.K. Rowling book, is scheduled to hit theaters Nov. 16. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as boy wizard Harry, along with Alan Rickman, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker .', 'best-selling J.K. Rowling book, is scheduled to hit theaters Nov. 16. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as boy wizard Harry, along with Alan Rickman, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker .', 'best-selling J.K. Rowling book, is scheduled to hit theaters Nov. 16. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as boy wizard Harry, along with Alan Rickman, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker .', 'best-selling J.K. Rowling book, is scheduled to hit theaters Nov. 16. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as boy wizard Harry, along with Alan Rickman, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker .', 'best-selling J.K. Rowling book, is scheduled to hit theaters Nov. 16. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as boy wizard Harry, along with Alan Rickman, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker .', 'March and will be released in November. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as Harry. Among the adult cast are Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker . Reuters contributed to this story.', 'March and will be released in November. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as Harry. Among the adult cast are Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker . Reuters contributed to this story.', 'March and will be released in November. The film stars 11-year-old newcomer Daniel Radcliffe as Harry. Among the adult cast are Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, and  Zoe Wanamaker . Reuters contributed to this story.', 'the marker very much the Republican version of Souter and yet at this of the woman who was on the first Harry Potter  Zoe Wanamaker . Eric Cantor the Republican grip from the house looks like the lawyer in the Simpsons and we will close. With senator ', 'at this of the woman who was on the first Harry Potter Zoe Wanamaker . Eric Cantor the Republican grip from the house looks like the -- -- lawyer in the Simpsons and we will close. With ', 'marker reveal very much the Republican version of Souter and yet at this the woman who was on the first Harry Potter  Zoe Wanamaker . Eric Cantor the Republican pick from the house looks like it will have lawyer in the since and we will close. With ', 'at this -- the woman who was on the first Harry Potter Zoe Wanamaker . Eric Cantor the Republican pick from the house looks like it will have lawyer in the -- since and we will close. ']