['cable network\'s "Game of Thrones," which did receive a nom, has the best chance of winning. Netflix  Zooey Deschanel Zooey Deschanel  is no longer the new girl. After scoring a nom last year for lead actress in a comedy series, the "New ', 'the award. Lead Actress, Comedy Predicted Nominees: Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock";  Zooey Deschanel , "New Girl"; Lena Dunham, "Girls"; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation"; Laura Dern, "Enlightened ', 'and "The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul," and the script for the 2005 adaptation of "The Hitchhiker\'s Guide to the Galaxy," which featured Martin Freeman and  Zooey Deschanel . Adams died at 49 in May 2001 of a heart attack.', 'after "Before Sunset" leaves off. 7. Another "500 Days of Summer." If you liked the rom-com that launched  Zooey Deschanel  into superstardom, you\'ll likely love this - "The Spectacular Now," about a popular high school senior who falls ', '28 p.m. ET: Best actress in a TV comedy nominee  Zooey Deschanel  showed off her film strip nail art on the red carpet. Very Hollywood.  Zooey Deschanel . Credit: Steve Granitz/Getty Images. 6:22 p ', 'LeBlanc, "Episodes" Jim Parsons, "The Big Bang Theory" Best Actress in a Television Series, Comedy or Musical  Zooey Deschanel , "New Girl" Julia-Louis Dreyfus, "Veep" Lena Dunham, "Girls" Tina Fey, "30 Rock" Amy Poehler, "Parks ', 'silly." * Jamie Lee Curtis, who appeared on Tuesday\'s episode of the Fox comedy "New Girl" as the mother of  Zooey Deschanel \'s character, will celebrate her 54th birthday on Thanksgiving Day. "I do a traditional post-Thanksgiving and ', 'win. It\'s Louis\' year to win," Le Nguyen said. Lead Actress, Comedy: Julia Louis-Dreyfus Nominees are:  Zooey Deschanel , "New Girl"; Lena Dunham, "Girls"; Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock"; Julia Louis-Dreyfus ', "muscle. People who ate lots of pasta would be stringy and fat-free. People who ate lots of pecan pie would be  Zooey Deschanel  (sweet, but nutty and flaky). And people who ate a lot of fat would be fat. What's that, you say? That last ", 'Cosgrove, iCarly Kaley Cuoco, The Big Bang Theory  Zooey Deschanel , New Girl Lea Michele, Glee Sofia Vergara, Modern Girl FASHION Choice Fashion Icon: Female Miley Cyrus  Zooey Deschanel  Jennifer Lopez Nicki Minaj Katy Perry Choice Fashion ', 'Theory" "Curb Your Enthusiasm" "Girls" "Modern Family" "30 Rock" "Veep" Best Actress in a Comedy Series  Zooey Deschanel , "New Girl" Lena Dunham, "Girls" Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie" Tina Fey, "30 Rock" Julia Louis-Dreyfus ', 'One of them is the new Fox comedy, "New Girl," which could land a best comedy nod and will likely earn star  Zooey Deschanel  a nomination for best actress in a comedy. \'Girls\' Another new comedy about young women, aptly titled "Girls ', "Hi I'm Peter Travers and this is popcorn where we talk about what's happening at the movies and the happening right now. Is happening really scary movie from M. Night Shyamalan. The star of the movie now will be with us in a minute but first. Let's take a peek at what's happening in the happened.", 'Frontman Ben Gibbard addresses past albums and being married to  Zooey Deschanel .', 'year. But a little bit of a different color. It was tight, expected, and chic. I understand that you both loved  zooey deschanel ? I did. It was fun. She was coming backstage, we were supposed to do something live for the preshow, she barely ', 'It was tight, expected, and chic. I understand that you both loved zooey deschanel ? I did. It was fun. She was coming backstage, we were supposed to do something live for the preshow, she barely made ']