["Whether it's through Instagram , Twitter or Flickr , smartphone-toting photographers unleash their inner  Ansel Adams  at the touch of a button, applying one of several different filters to give their photograph an artistic flourish ", 'The good old days in Yosemite were, I fear, the product of poor memory and nostalgia," said the late photographer  Ansel Adams , who recalled an "all-encompassing feeling of untidiness" when he lived and worked there from the 1920s to the ', 'amazing thing we always seemed to run out of: time. There was a tremendous gulf between the pro and the enthusiast.  Ansel Adams  rattled around the Southwest with his battered truck and his view camera, which looked like a giant accordion with a lens ', 'this for my husband for Christmas," Vargas said. " Ansel Adams  in the National Parks" From world-renowned photographer  Ansel Adams , the book is a stunning visual journey through America\'s ', "Earth Aware Editions Price: $65 Georgia O'Keeffe and  Ansel Adams : Natural Affinities The book shows natural affinities between Adams, O'Keeffe and Alfred Stieglitz. Photos by  Ansel Adams ; paintings by Georgia O'Keeffe Text by Barbara Buhler ", 'of his birth with 100 of his iconic works. Information: 617-267-9300 or mfa.org . Oceans, Rivers and Skies:  Ansel Adams , Robert Adams and Alfred StieglitzNational Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. Through March 15 Three series of black-and-white ', "a glass. Today's subject is landscapes, but not the faithful renditions by painters and photographers (such as  Ansel Adams , who once owned the building where Artista sessions are held). Go for your own vision, Taylor says, slashing turquoise ", "a glass. Today's subject is landscapes, but not the faithful renditions by painters and photographers (such as  Ansel Adams , who once owned the building where Artista sessions are held). Go for your own vision, Taylor says, slashing turquoise ", 'Washington, D.C. Through May 25 Introducing 28 new artists to a renowned collection of modern art, including works by  Ansel Adams , Elizabeth Murray and Ellsworth Kelly. The exhibit features 115 artworks by these and the likes of Degas, Klee ', "From black-and-white landscapes by  Ansel Adams  to William Eggleston's early color photographs to the muted nudes of contemporary artist Mona Kuhn, the annual photography show ", 'They are basic amazing financing for more than seventy years by. Legendary American park for  Ansel Adams . The California construction workers as he bought the negatives at a garage sale for 45 million dollars and according to one estimate ', 'amazing financing for more than seventy years by. Legendary American park for Ansel Adams . The California construction workers as he bought the negatives at a garage sale for 45 million dollars and according to one estimate. ', "and as they're checking the place out. What's the homeowners first thought. Run called line 11 he's thinking  Ansel Adams  these are snapping pictures of these guys as they're essentially emptied out his fridge. Or eventually he finishes ", "What's the homeowners first thought. Run called line 11 -- he's thinking Ansel Adams these are snapping pictures of these guys as they're essentially emptied out his fridge. Or eventually he finishes the photo shoot he ", "on your left and we all picked our favorites to share with you I'm going to start. And my first as it is a book by  Ansel Adams  which are pictures of the national parks and I think get a picture of this but it's the most comprehensive collection ", "going to start. And my first as it is a book by Ansel Adams which are pictures of the national parks and I think get a picture of this but it's the most comprehensive collection. Of ", 'about a bonanza a construction worker bought some boxes of dusting negatives at a garage thinking they reminded him that  Ansel Adams  the iconic nature photographer turns out. They the real deal. By some estimates their worth 200 million dollars the ', 'of dusting negatives at a garage -- thinking they reminded him that Ansel Adams the iconic nature photographer -- turns out. They -- the real deal. By some estimates their worth 200 million dollars the construction ', 'about a bonanza a construction worker bought some boxes of dusting negatives at a garage thinking they reminded him that  Ansel Adams  the iconic nature photographer turns out. the real deal. By some estimates their worth 200 million dollars the construction ', 'of dusting negatives at a garage -- thinking they reminded him that Ansel Adams the iconic nature photographer -- turns out. -- -- the real deal. By some estimates their worth 200 million dollars the construction ', "of New Mexico are used to live Georgia O'Keefe. And  Ansel Adams  who had a lot in common look at these two pictures I have a couple pictures that's a sure that's a picture by  Ansel Adams  photograph and then look at this painting. But Georgia ", "reminds me of New Mexico are used to live Georgia O'Keefe. And Ansel Adams who had a lot in common look at these two pictures I have a couple pictures that's a sure that's a picture by Ansel Adams photograph and then look at this painting. But Georgia O'Keefe they had a lot in common they say. Fed off of each ", 'a journey through the past year and look at some of those remarkable snapshots. A photograph is usually looked acts  Ansel Adams  once said but seldom looked into. But it is hard not to find a deeper meaning in the lasting images from 2008. Like ', 'at some of those remarkable snapshots. A photograph is usually looked acts Ansel Adams once said but seldom looked into. But it is hard not to find a deeper meaning in the lasting images from 2008. ']