["works serves as a subtler reminder of constant and ongoing racial and economic inequalities. Inspired in large part by  Banksy , Gomez also began to create public art in the last two years. With scraps of cardboard he found in his father's garage ", 'Today in Pictures: Winter Storm in Midwest, Election in Kenya, Banksy  Mural Defaced', 'you will, while "Pack Animal" is a glorious take on loneliness and self-reflection. "Ode to  Banksy " pays tribute to the enigmatic  street artist , while the "Lysistrata"-referencing "Peacemaker," is full of enough steamy eroticism to ', "Christina Aguilera Answers our Burning Questions, Says 'I Don't Believe in Regrets'", "ha, you've been warned. An avid art collector (her home is filled with originals by D*Face, Shephard Fairey, and  Banksy , including a funny one by the latter of a famously prudish Queen Victoria siting on another woman's face), Aguilera ", 'crocheted yarn. The figure, which appears to be seated, is 12 feet in height. "Wow, this is Awesome! You\'re like the  Banksy  of yarn," one viewer tweeted in response to the image. But apparently, not everyone had the same level of appreciation ', 'to pick it up later," he added. Though it appears that his intentions may not have been 100 percent about safety --  Banksy -inspired Harrington did send photos of the strategically placed piano along with his application to a highly competitive ', 'and crabs dragged the piano out themselves." Twitter is ablaze with pictures and calls for the mystery artist -- think  Banksy  -- to come forward. The New Times trumpeted that the piano placer should be on its list of "100 Creatives." Mystery ', 'knows who the elusive " Banksy " really is. Well, a set out on the trail of  Banksy  and achieved some success street art documentary, " Exit Through the Gift Shop ." Check out the segment, " Banksy : The Invisible Man" below ', 're all still trying to wake up from. 5. " Exit Through the Gift Shop " : As much about mythmaking as it is about art film takes a look at the merry prankster British  street artist Banksy . 6. " The Walking Dead ": Season one of AMC\'s ', 'the state" to come out of London is the stencil artist  Banksy  , who, in earlier years, was pursued, unsuccessfully Walk" emerged to revitalize their streets. One local  street artist , known as Jaz, feels a distinct difference between ', "mysterious Scarlet Pimpernel of the pop art world, British artist  Banksy . He's been to Bethlehem before, painting a series of their bids in person, and the prices are high. A copy of  Banksy 's picture of the dove has already attracted bids of $200 ", "Warhol one part Soro. Banks He is a legendary British  street artist  fifteen minutes of fame in part because no one's ever we're director nominated for an Oscar. documentary  exit through the gift shop . This guerrilla marketing campaign is unlike anything ", "-- -- is now we're director nominated for an Oscar. -- documentary exit through the gift shop . This guerrilla marketing campaign is unlike anything Hollywood has ever seen. He's broken through the -- Her of the busiest time of ", 'The birth place of the mysterious international art sensation has been revealed.']