['some of the most luxurious gift ideas this season. Just One Eye, Collaborating With The Row &  Damien Hirst  Just One Eye brought artist  Damien Hirst  and The Row, a fashion line helmed by Mary Kate & Ashley Olsen together to create this rare ', 'any standard, but particularly in terms of hotels. Works by such artists as Andy Warhol, Jean-Michel Basquiat,  Damien Hirst , Richard Prince, Keith Haring, and of course, Julian Schnabel all hang in the lobby. The New York Palace This summer ', 'Today in Pictures: Hindu Goddess festival, Damien Hirst , MyanMar Cheer, Bieber Slimed and The Pope', "Navratri festival that is significantly performed during the Spring season. (Arindam Dey/Demotix/Corbis) Artist  Damien Hirst  poses in front of his artwork entitled 'I am Become Death, Shatterer of Worlds' in the Tate Modern art gallery on ", 'Today in Pictures: Hindu Goddess festival, Damien Hirst , MyanMar Cheer, Bieber Slimed and The Pope', "Navratri festival that is significantly performed during the Spring season. (Arindam Dey/Demotix/Corbis) Artist  Damien Hirst  poses in front of his artwork entitled 'I am Become Death, Shatterer of Worlds' in the Tate Modern art gallery on ", "and the artist's graphic sexual exploits, as well as Takashi Murakami's sculpture of a big-breasted, blue-haired female skipping a rope made of her own breast milk. Other artists in the exhibit include Andy Warhol and  Damien Hirst .", "of a movement that has extended its work to the United States and Europe. And then there are Western artists such as  Damien Hirst  who sell their work in Mexico City. Graham's works are sold at the prestigious Hilario Galguerra gallery in Mexico ", 'British artist  Damien Hirst  and rock star/activist Bono teamed up to stage an unprecedented art auction to raise money for HIV/AIDS relief in Africa ', 'Rock star and humanitarian activist Bono and British artist  Damien Hirst  raised $42.5 million for HIV/AIDS relief in Africa at an unprecedented art auction Thursday in New York. The star-studded ', "pieces of art are also well beyond the new winner's budget -- even the kitchy stuff. That diamond-studded skull by  Damien Hirst  is selling for $98 million. So here's a suggestion for our depressed winners: Shoot even higher... into space ", "financial outcome will be amid the current global financial turmoil. Just more than a month ago, the British artist  Damien Hirst  made a mere $200 million when his last collection went on auction at London's Sotheby. So the Cultural Revolution ", "spend outlandishly. The global financial crisis apparently did nothing to dampen the enthusiasm for British artist  Damien Hirst 's latest collection. In a record-breaking two-day event at Sotheby's in London, Hirst convinced buyers to ", 'famous paintings, plus some other items. How do critics and curators decide which is art? How do they determine that  Damien Hirst \'s embalmed shark and sliced cow carcasses are art? Why is Willem de Kooning\'s "A Tree in Naples," which we included ', 'Artist  Damien Hirst  breaks records for an auction dedicated to a single artist.']