["and as they're checking the place out. What's the homeowners first thought. Run called line 11 he's thinking  Ansel Adams  these are snapping pictures of these guys as they're essentially emptied out his fridge. Or eventually he finishes ", "What's the homeowners first thought. Run called line 11 -- he's thinking Ansel Adams these are snapping pictures of these guys as they're essentially emptied out his fridge. Or eventually he finishes the photo shoot he ", "on your left and we all picked our favorites to share with you I'm going to start. And my first as it is a book by  Ansel Adams  which are pictures of the national parks and I think get a picture of this but it's the most comprehensive collection ", "going to start. And my first as it is a book by Ansel Adams which are pictures of the national parks and I think get a picture of this but it's the most comprehensive collection. Of ", 'about a bonanza a construction worker bought some boxes of dusting negatives at a garage thinking they reminded him that  Ansel Adams  the iconic nature photographer turns out. They the real deal. By some estimates their worth 200 million dollars the ', 'of dusting negatives at a garage -- thinking they reminded him that Ansel Adams the iconic nature photographer -- turns out. They -- the real deal. By some estimates their worth 200 million dollars the construction ', 'about a bonanza a construction worker bought some boxes of dusting negatives at a garage thinking they reminded him that  Ansel Adams  the iconic nature photographer turns out. the real deal. By some estimates their worth 200 million dollars the construction ', 'of dusting negatives at a garage -- thinking they reminded him that Ansel Adams the iconic nature photographer -- turns out. -- -- the real deal. By some estimates their worth 200 million dollars the construction ', "of New Mexico are used to live Georgia O'Keefe. And  Ansel Adams  who had a lot in common look at these two pictures I have a couple pictures that's a sure that's a picture by  Ansel Adams  photograph and then look at this painting. But Georgia ", "reminds me of New Mexico are used to live Georgia O'Keefe. And Ansel Adams who had a lot in common look at these two pictures I have a couple pictures that's a sure that's a picture by Ansel Adams photograph and then look at this painting. But Georgia O'Keefe they had a lot in common they say. Fed off of each ", 'a journey through the past year and look at some of those remarkable snapshots. A photograph is usually looked acts  Ansel Adams  once said but seldom looked into. But it is hard not to find a deeper meaning in the lasting images from 2008. Like ', 'at some of those remarkable snapshots. A photograph is usually looked acts Ansel Adams once said but seldom looked into. But it is hard not to find a deeper meaning in the lasting images from 2008. ']