['was not at the casino was at a garage sale for just five bucks. Andy fields purchased an early drawing by pop artist  Andy Warhol . He found it behind another picture when he was having it framed fields quickly realized it was a Warhol and had it ', 'just five bucks. Andy fields purchased an early drawing by pop artist Andy Warhol . He found it behind another picture when he was having it framed fields quickly realized it was a Warhol and had it ', "into that campbell's soup. Instead of the traditional red and white labels, the company is drawing inspiration from  andy warhol , who turned the label into a pop art masterpiece. Campbell's will be selling these labels, for the 50th anniversary ", "the traditional red and white labels, the company is drawing inspiration from andy warhol , who turned the label into a pop art masterpiece. Campbell's will be selling these labels, for the 50th anniversary of the campbell ", 'considered an eccentric genius and innovator who marched to the beat of a different drummer  Andy Warhol  is dead of a heart attack Stephen reports.  Andy Warhol  was a paradox and shy man who loved celebrities and became one. A serious artist who painted ', "genius and innovator who marched to the beat of a different drummer Andy Warhol is dead of a heart attack Stephen -- reports. Andy Warhol was a paradox and shy man who loved celebrities and became one. A serious artist who painted the most I'm serious subjects ", '60 million members of warehouse chain will have a chance to buy an  Andy Warhol  painting.', "their technology don't want again anything cracked or and that have dot com is working with in case. To develop these  Andy Warhol  Marilyn iPhone cases and Mac books sleeves now you can kind of coordinate all of your technology like that that's fun ", 'that have dot com is working with in case. To develop these Andy Warhol Marilyn -- iPhone cases and Mac books sleeves now -- -- you can kind of coordinate all of your technology like that ', "for this stuff because it goes like hotcakes. Another favorite american meal. Let's start with reproductions of  andy warhol 's iconic prints. A little surprise for you there. They're perfect. They come framed, ready to go. Dormroom ", "goes like hotcakes. Another favorite american meal. Let's start with reproductions of andy warhol's iconic prints. A little surprise for you there. They're perfect. They come framed, ready to go. Dormroom, living room, bedroom, office, you ", "architecture was the centerpiece of those games he was this man the well known artist I way away. Known as China's  Andy Warhol  who helped design the bird's nest. And a surprising thing he walked away. Boycotting the Olympics and accusing the ", "this man the well known artist I way away. Known as China's Andy Warhol who helped design the bird's nest. And -- -- a surprising thing he walked away. Boycotting the Olympics and accusing the Chinese ", "says Shoots He squeezes into a size eleven it's amanpour answers to his six weeks. How to its beauty is a lot like  Andy Warhol 's transsexual muse candy darling Andre is taking and in mainstream. A lot of them were all superstars were you know ", "his six weeks. How to its beauty is -- a lot like Andy Warhol's transsexual muse candy darling Andre is taking and -- in mainstream. A lot of them were all superstars were you know men ", "six to meet whereas sensation. Though we except it hadn't. Ever to answer. Okay. That's good did you go again  Andy Warhol  did or did demons and payment there. get the most out of those fifty minutes that is making us laugh but that's exactly ", "it hadn't. Ever to answer. Okay. That's good did you go again Andy Warhol did or did demons and payment there. -- get the most out of those fifty minutes that is making us laugh but ", "Written drop way. And you to do some work now with the  Andy Warhol  museum road yes. We are commissioned by them. Two CD it's actually thirteen most beautiful songs for  Andy Warhol  screening test and that's all the music that's that's ", 'drop way. And you -- to do some work now with the Andy Warhol museum road yes. We are -- -- commissioned by them. Two. Write and perform music. While. The Warhol screen tests that leads ', "well we've just. Released. CD it's actually thirteen most beautiful songs for Andy Warhol screening test and that's all the music that's that's. This this project means it missed do and that's. And the release it ", "axle rod when He came down on like a ton of Is this amended think is going to be the nominee and haven't come and  Andy Warhol  primary where everyone. Whose leader for fifteen moments. And it's today but it's not clear that has staying power ", "be the nominee -- -- and -- -- haven't come -- and Andy Warhol primary where everyone. Whose leader for fifteen moments. And it's -- -- today but it's not clear that -- has staying power ", "Helen Alice a third take did. Accident just three takes three takes. Afterwards it's expensive it's inspired by  Andy Warhol  audition tape. We've got a lot of tapes here because you have been working I mean since she was the smallest. Girl ", "just three takes -- three takes. Afterwards it's expensive it's inspired by Andy Warhol -- -- audition tape. We've got a lot of tapes here because you have been working I mean since she was the ", 'the shoe he stuck in his mountain Carl please call me back. And finally. This is why I got a garage sales a regional  Andy Warhol  sketch just discovered hidden in the back paging. Purchased for five dollars they It was found with a man went to have ', 'finally. This is why I got a garage sales -- a regional Andy Warhol sketch just discovered hidden in the back -- paging. Purchased for five dollars -- -- -- -- -- they -- It was ', "and I was cell I was so scared. The two became close friends so much so that Taylor several paintings including that  Andy Warhol  as well as her lifetime achievement Oscar. What did you learn from her in the business sense for designs I'm she ", 'close friends so much so that Taylor -- several paintings including that Andy Warhol as well as her lifetime achievement Oscar. What did you learn from her in the business sense for -- designs -- -- ', "of Farrah Fawcett a portrait by  Andy Warhol  has been classified as missing story. It's one of the artist  Andy Warhol 's most famous portraits then us and the rest of the family.  Andy Warhol 's portrait of that was a thank ", "One of the most famous images of Farrah Fawcett a portrait by Andy Warhol has been classified as missing since she passed away in -- B two years ago. On Saturday now police believe they tracked it down with -- very little detective work -- Lindsey Davis has that story. It's one of the artist Andy Warhol's most famous portraits then try to -- That's great and one of Farrah faucet most valued possessions. -- We have I don't ", "Malibu home their pictures of us and the rest of the family. Andy Warhol's portrait of -- that was a thank god. We've -- moment. Documentary filmmaker Craig immediacy is one of Fossett's friends and business ", "be seen in public He could get caught. For and will He show up tonight David Wright on the case. He's one part  Andy Warhol  one part Soro. Banks He is a legendary British street artist fifteen minutes of fame in part because no one's ever ", "He show up tonight David Wright on the case. He's one part Andy Warhol one part Soro. Banks He is a legendary British street artist -- fifteen minutes of fame in part because no one's ever ", "with some of radar they flared up this year if  Andy Warhol  was right now fade out student. Check out five people we'll Anton guns and turned a near tragedy Bryant his rant about the attempted ", "-- with some of radar they flared up this year if Andy Warhol was right now fade out student. Check out five people -- we'll -- -- -- -- Anton guns and turned a near ", "since the beginning of time. And they can replicate. Different styles of art from. A Renaissance oil painting to land  Andy Warhol  pop art. Multiple colored image so you can take an image that means something to you whether it's portray it. Or ", "replicate. Different styles of art from. A Renaissance oil painting to land Andy Warhol pop art. Multiple colored image so you can take an image that means something to you whether it's -- portray it. Or "]