["Emirates has been voted the world's best airline, and best in-flight entertainment, by passengers at the annual Skytrax World Airline Awards. The awards are decided by 18.2 million passengers in 160 countries around the world. ", "Japan's ANA won a new award for cabin cleanliness, as well as receiving a five-star airline rating.", 'Awards were voted on by 18.2 million passengers from 160 countries around the world ', "CNN's Bryony Jones is reporting from the 50th Paris Airshow. Follow her on Twitter and don't miss CNN's coverage of this year's Paris Airshow at Le Bourget. ", "Le Bourget, France (CNN) -- Emirates has been voted the world's best airline by passengers at the annual Skytrax World Airline Awards.", 'The awards -- decided by 18.2 million passengers in 160 countries around the world -- judge airlines on everything from the cleanliness of the cabin to the quality of the in-flight food and entertainment.', 'Dubai-based Emirates took the debut prize in 2001, and retained it in 2002, before missing out on the top spot for a decade.', 'Now they\'re back to make it a hat-trick -- and the company\'s president, Tim Clark, puts their return to award-winning form down to one thing, "exteremely hard work."', '"We\'ve got 200 aircraft, 18,000 cabin crew and ground staff," he explained, admitting that with 200 aircraft and 18,000 cabin crew and ground staff the company\'s operations were "not easy, but you work hard at what you\'re doing, you deliver to people\'s expectations, and hopefully exceed those expectations."', 'Emirates was also named best airline in the Middle East, and won a third award for its in-flight entertainment system.', "Cathay Pacific's cabin crew were crowned the world's best, while Air Asia took the prize for best low-cost airline. Japan's ANA won a new award for cabin cleanliness, as well as receiving a five-star airline rating.", 'John Slosar, CEO of Hong Kong-based Cathay Pacific said the win was recognition for the company\'s "fabulous team."', '"We work very hard to make sure it\'s all about the team, not about individuals. We teach our crew not to just follow the rules, but to express themselves through their work, to offer service straight from the heart."', "Presenting the awards, CNN's Richard Quest said consistency was key to the success of those crowned the best in the world.", '"It\'s all about the ability to deliver a product every time -- every flight, for every passenger in every class."', "The Skytrax World Airline Awards were established in 1999; they are compiled from the world's largest airline passenger satisfaction survey -- responses to questionnaires in English, Spanish, Chinese and Russian.", "Is it a plane? Is it a drone? Next time you look up and see vapor trails spreading across the sky, bear in mind that the aircraft you're looking at might just be both.", 'Previously the airship was hailed as the future of flight: as glamorous, luxurious and fashionable. Is it the new dawn of the dirigible?', "CNN's Richard Quest and Bryony Jones have been at the 50th International Airshow this week. Here's what they've seen and heard.", 'I am always being asked "\'what makes the best airline?" Richard Quest reveals what airlines can do to become a frequent flyer favorite. ', "From stunning aerial displays to solar flight, CNN flies through time with some of the show's best moments.", "Emirates has been voted the world's best airline by passengers at the annual Skytrax World Airline Awards.", "From Charles Lindbergh's record-breaking landing to solar flight, CNN takes a look back at the Paris Airshow's most memorable moments ", 'Hollywood\'s stars may have left Cannes, but the real "jet set" will descend upon Paris for the 50th International Air and Space show. ', 'Aviation expert Tim Robinson looks at how the BRIC countries are entering the elite club of aerospace manufacturing.', 'Are drones being used for pizza deliveries? When did the first commercial jet plane make its maiden voyage? Find out if you are a plane geek.', 'Police and military forces are increasingly reliant on unmanned aerial vehicles to carry out risky tasks. So just how easy is it to pilot one?', 'Supersonic aircraft are just like buses: You wait years for one, and then two come along at once: rival "son of supersonic" concepts have been revealed.', 'Some things you just know for a fact. First man on the moon: Neil Armstrong. First to achieve powered flight: Orville and Wilbur Wright. Or were they?', 'Aircraft maker Boeing and parts manufacturer Honeywell both flew planes to the 2011 Paris Airshow using a mixt of biofuels and jet fuel.', 'See the full coverage, including all the aerial acrobatics and business buzz, of the 2013 international airshow at Le Bourget airfield in Paris. ']