['ultra-luxurious Rome Cavalieri hotel has museum-caliber works throughout, including in its penthouse suite, as in, original  Andy Warhol . While the four-piece Warhol series has pride of place, the rest of the suite is pretty spectacular, from the pinpoint-glimmering ', 'making movies, Taylor said the public most regularly approaches her about work in "Mystic Pizza" (1988), "I Shot  Andy Warhol " (1996) and the 1999 remake of the \'60s horror classic "The Haunting." "I feel like that\'s a nice spectrum ', 'demonstrates that Syria has world-class museums, and the regime is presently killing its own cultural heritage." " Andy Warhol \'s Elvis" "Gustav Klimt\'s The Kiss" "Salvador Dali\'s Sleep" "Paul Gauguin\'s Tahitian Women (On the Beach ', 'Bank of America Sues for Warhol Painting Sale Profits, Plus Artwork to Cover Loan Defaults', 'in loans, asking one executive to hand over his valuable art collection, including the proceeds from the sale of an  Andy Warhol  painting of Dolly Parton, to cover part of their debts. In the complaint, Bank of America alleges Barry Real Estate ', "50 years into storage for six months. They then invited American art expert Peter Hastings Falk, who had appraised  Andy Warhol 's work in a number of trial cases, along with other experts, to view the collection. According to Schultz, Falk ", 'but I\'d leave before all the craziness and drugs happened. I never saw the bag passed around," she said. " Andy Warhol  and all those guys were very sweet to me. There was something about me that they wanted to protect and uphold." Shields ', 'icons in a snap. This iPhone 4 Snap Case features a stunning collage of Marilyn Monroe portraits by pop art pioneer  Andy Warhol . Head to Fab.com for other Marilyn themed products, like Mac Book sleeves and a tote bag. ($39.95, Fab ) Movie ', 'Group of Insurance Companies. The popularity of various artists and periods fluctuate, so one year\'s must-have  Andy Warhol  is another year\'s Monet. Having said that, Straus says art investing can be lucrative."If you take a long view ', 'referred to his love for concrete poetry, his youthful admiration for Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder, his attraction to  Andy Warhol  and a kind of transgender reinterpretation of Brazilian legend Carmen Miranda. In 1994, he made Fina Estampa , a well-received ', 'now People has the exclusive photos. The 38-year-old Spanish artist, whom the New York Post is calling the next  Andy Warhol  , is working on a project called Ten, a series of Polaroids depicting the famous bodies of Vergara, Pamela Anderson ', "now it's adding something else to its inventory: fine art. Can you imagine getting a Matisse lithograph, or an  Andy Warhol , just over $1,000 each? Lots of people apparently have jumped at that chance. Since the pieces were listed on ", 'credit: Campbell\'\'s Soup) In honor of one of their biggest fans, Campbell\'s will release their tomato soup with  Andy Warhol -inspired designs. The cans celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of Warhol\'s pop art masterpiece, "32 Campbell\'s ', "bottles Marilyn Monroe and this. Campbell's soup  Andy Warhol  that's makes our out of everyday things and he Well tonight 22 looks into the weird world of  Andy Warhol . Although  Andy Warhol 's Davis around the world. People seen behind ", "-- dollar bills Coke bottles Marilyn Monroe and this. Campbell's soup -- Andy Warhol that's -- -- makes our out of everyday things and he uses many media you blink and he's doing something new. Lately a major art opening and publication of his first book of photographs. And now just out another book called -- isn't about his life and friends in the sixties. Well tonight 22 -- -- looks into the weird world of Andy Warhol . Although Andy Warhol's Davis -- around the world. People -- seen behind his public -- criticized. Commercial self promoters and he remains a private person. ", "-- most. These are paintings commissioned by rich and fashionable people for Andy Warhol is now America's most sought after portrait -- He -- as he -- -- did when I traveled to laugh and circular ", 'the sevens. Still he defies anyone label. What is clear is that Andy Warhol whose only looked never change. Is his own best work of art. A -- just like to have the same breakfast I ', 'was not at the casino was at a garage sale for just five bucks. Andy fields purchased an early drawing by pop artist  Andy Warhol . He found it behind another picture when he was having it framed fields quickly realized it was a Warhol and had it ', 'just five bucks. Andy fields purchased an early drawing by pop artist Andy Warhol . He found it behind another picture when he was having it framed fields quickly realized it was a Warhol and had it ', "into that campbell's soup. Instead of the traditional red and white labels, the company is drawing inspiration from  andy warhol , who turned the label into a pop art masterpiece. Campbell's will be selling these labels, for the 50th anniversary ", "the traditional red and white labels, the company is drawing inspiration from andy warhol , who turned the label into a pop art masterpiece. Campbell's will be selling these labels, for the 50th anniversary of the campbell ", 'considered an eccentric genius and innovator who marched to the beat of a different drummer  Andy Warhol  is dead of a heart attack Stephen reports.  Andy Warhol  was a paradox and shy man who loved celebrities and became one. A serious artist who painted ', "genius and innovator who marched to the beat of a different drummer Andy Warhol is dead of a heart attack Stephen -- reports. Andy Warhol was a paradox and shy man who loved celebrities and became one. A serious artist who painted the most I'm serious subjects ", '60 million members of warehouse chain will have a chance to buy an  Andy Warhol  painting.', "their technology don't want again anything cracked or and that have dot com is working with in case. To develop these  Andy Warhol  Marilyn iPhone cases and Mac books sleeves now you can kind of coordinate all of your technology like that that's fun ", 'that have dot com is working with in case. To develop these Andy Warhol Marilyn -- iPhone cases and Mac books sleeves now -- -- you can kind of coordinate all of your technology like that ']