['A Salvadoran man jailed in Cuba in connection with a string of 1990s hotel bombings says he told a U.S. prosecutor that he got explosives and money directly from a f...', 'Robert A. Maheu, a former Howard Hughes confidant and CIA operative once involved in a failed plot to poison Fidel Castro, has died in a Las Vegas hospital. He was 9...', "National Archives to replay sounds of JFK's deliberations in Cuban missile crisis 50 years ago", 'Fifty years after the Cuban missile crisis, the National Archives has pulled together documents and secret White House recordings to show the public how President Jo...', 'A top Cuban official denounced on Saturday a Texas jury\'s acquittal of a former CIA agent as a "shameful farce" that showed both the defendant and the U.S. governmen...', "The CIA recruited a former FBI agent to approach two of America's most-wanted mobsters and gave them poison pills meant for Fidel Castro during his first year in pow...", "Miami Judge Awards Billions in Damages Against Cuban Government to Man Over Father's Suicide", 'A Miami judge delivered a shot across the bow in the direction of the Cuban governmentThe judge awarded more than $1 billion in damages against the Cuban government ...', 'A U.S. government witness is set to take the stand for the seventh straight day Tuesday in a perjury trial against a former CIA operative who spent a lifetime opposi...', 'An elderly Cuban former CIA operative accused of lying during a U.S. immigration hearing was acquitted on all charges Friday, with jurors taking just three hours to ...', 'Two confessed bombers imprisoned in Cuba say that the told U.S. prosecutors that Luis Posada Carriles, a Cuban ex-CIA operative, provided them with explosives to car...', 'U.S. politicians off and on the campaign trail made it known there was no love lost for Cuban leader Fidel Castro after his announcement Tuesday that he would step d...', 'Fidel Castro denounced the pending release in the United States of a jailed Cuban militant who was once a U.S. operative, accusing the American government of plannin...', 'Folk song legend Rodriguez heads for Carnegie Hall; wonders if its time for Cuba  to change', 'Libya--Muammar Qaddafi now joins the ranks of powerful foreign figures who have battled the United States only to come to a bad end.But even with the demise of the L...', 'After deliberating for just three hours, a Texas jury on Friday acquitted a former Cuban-born CIA operative of all charges relating to accusations that he lied to U....', 'A yacht may turn out to be the proverbial "smoking gun" in the courtroom showdown between the United States and former CIA operative Luis Posada Carriles.Posada Carr...']