["The Social Security Administration allows you to replace, update, or change your Social Security Card  free of charge. We are not affiliated with the SSA, however we can assist in the process. The SSA's application and instructions are 5 pages long.  The fields required change depending on the circumstances. Different supporting documents must be included, even the location you need to file with changes.", 'You can research all this on your own for free, or you can choose our value-added service to do so for you. See our fee calculator for exact pricing for this service. ', 'Using our proprietary online form, you will receive a prepared application document and customized filing instructions on exactly how, when, and what local SSA office to file with to request your Social Security Card. You always retain control of your sensitive documents, and submit them directly to the SSA. The SSA  will then mail your supporting documents and new card directly to you.', 'Estimated completion time of our online form is less than five minutes. Social Security Numbers are nine digits long and replacement cards will reflect your existing number.', 'Please visit our Fee Calculator to view the fee for our document preparation service for the Social Security Card application document. ', 'The first step is to complete an SS-5 application document, which you can do on your own or with our application preparation service. The next step is to gather original or certified copies of your supporting evidence documents. Different documents are required in different situations, and our service includes customized filing instructions which will itemize for your which documents your situation requires. The last step is to submit your SS-5 and supporting evidence documents to a specific Social Security Administration office in your area, which you can usually do by mail. After you have done so, the Social Security Administration will return your supporting evidence documents to you and deliver your new Social Security Card by mail. Their stated delivery time is 10-14 days, though it can sometimes take 4-6 weeks or more depending on the work load of your local SSA office. ', "Applying for a new, replacement, updated, or corrected Social Security Card requires a number supporting evidence documents such as a driver's license. The SSA specifically requires those evidence documents to be either originals or certified copies. Therefore, the evidence documents cannot be uploaded. You must mail them to the SSA, or present them in person. The SimpleFilings process is designed to assist you with your application, to remove confusion and save time by reducing mistakes. ", 'Since filing the Application for a Social Security Card also requires submitting numerous personal evidence documents (described above), we only offer an application document preparation service for social security cards. You must take the prepared application and complete the filing directly with the Social Security Administration to request your social security card. However, as an added service to our application document preparation, we also prepare and provide you with clear, customized filing instructions which are tailored to your specific filing situation, based on the information you provide. In this way, you not only get confidence that comes with using our service; you also get the peace of mind that comes with retaining the privacy of your personal evidence documents. ', "If you choose to use our services, navigate to our form assistant page to get started. Upon submittal and payment, we'll prepare your official SS-5 form and present it to you along with a customized set of instructions on how to complete the process directly with the Social Security Administration. ", 'We will e-mail you a secure link to print or download your prepared SS-5 form, along with a customized set of instruction on how, where, and when to file it. We recommend the method of filing by postal mail to your local Social Security Administration (SSA) office, in order to avoid waiting in line. Though in some cases, you may need to file in person. Your customized instructions will specify which method(s) you qualify for. Whichever way you file, you must supply the SSA with a number of "evidence documents" along with your SS-5, to verify your identity and date of birth, establish citizenship if applicable, etc. Your instructions will give more details on the exact types of documents you will need to submit. It\'s important to understand that this SimpleFilings service is an application document preparation service. To receive your Social Security Card, you must take the application document that is prepared on your behalf, and use it to finish your filing directly with the SSA. ', 'Yes. But if you continue to lose your card, there is generally a limit to how many replacement cards you can receive. That limit is 3 per year, and 10 per lifetime. But note that new cards issued due to changes in your legal name or work authorization do not count toward these limits. ', 'If the applicant is 18 or older, and is physically and mentally capable, they must complete the application and filing process themselves. But if the applicant is under 18, a parent or legal guardian may sign the application for them. Or if the applicant is over 18 but not physically or mentally capable, a parent, legal guardian, or close relative may generally sign the application for them. Note that if someone does sign for the applicant, evidence documents will be required for the signer as well as for the applicant. See below for more information about evidence documents. ', "The SS-5 is a free application from the Social Security Administration for a Social Security Card. It is a multi-purpose form that needs to be filled out differently for different application scenarios. The SimpleFilings service is designed to simplify this process by asking you only questions that apply to your particular application scenario, and then preparing the SS-5 form for you based off of your answers. We'll also direct you to the exact local address you'll need to mail or take the prepared SS-5 to, and what else you'll need to include or bring with it to successfully complete the application process. If you wish to research the filing of this form without using our service, visit www.ssa.gov. ", 'A certified copy includes some kind of endorsement, stamp, or certificate from the issuer/custodian of the original record, verifying that the copy is a true copy of the original.To get a certified copy of a document, contact the issuer/custodian of the original record. For example, to get a certified copy of a birth certificate, contact the state Department of Health in the state in which the birth took place. For a complete directory of the places to contact to get a certified copy of a document showing a birth, death, marriage, or divorce, please visit http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/w2w.htm. There is usually a small fee charged for issuing a certified copy, but the reason people like them is so that they can keep their original documents protected from loss. They can also replace an original document if the original has already been lost.For some types of documents, certified copies may not be available. In those cases, the only acceptable substitute is a current, unexpired original. ', 'Social Security Numbers do not expire. A Social Security Number is a unique number connected to its owner for life. And after the death of the owner, the number is not re-assigned to another owner. To date, over 415 million Social Security Numbers have been issued, with over 5 million new numbers being issued annually. The current numbering system is expected to suffice without redesign for several more generations into the future. ', "You can obtain an empty SS-5 document at http://www.ssa.gov/, study the form and instructions, prepare the document yourself, and research your filing requirements, all for free. Or you can allow our service to do it for you.We've put our experience to work by simplifying and de-mystifying the application process. And most importantly, we've personalized it. We give you all of the information you need, and none of the information you don't. Everything you see applies to you, based on the information you provideWe've taken an exacting and variable process, and distilled it down to a prepared application document and a simple set of instructions, all customized for your situation. So when you complete your filing with the Social Security Administration, you'll be confident that you're doing it correctly the first time. ", "SimpleFilings provides document preparation services nationwide. We are Better Business Bureau-accredited and McAfee-certified. Our proprietary industry-leading software helps us to complete your order efficiently and securely. And we're not affiliated with any government agency, so we work only for you and only to improve your filing experience. If you ever have questions, our knowledgeable customer service specialists are happy to assist you by phone or e-mail. In short, we know what we're doing, we're easy to reach, and your satisfaction is our top priority. ", 'We are experienced in document preparation for Social Security Card applications, and we make the process a smooth and simple experience. A multi-purpose government form is transformed into a brief online questionnaire with questions that change based on information you provide. Then we prepare your SS-5 application form and deliver it to you with a customized set of instructions on how, when, and where you can mail or file your application locally to request your Social Security Card. So ultimately, you spend less time to become familiar with something that most people will only ever need to do once. ', 'You can e-mail us at support@SimpleFilings.com or by using the Contact Us page of this site. Our fax number is 866-687-7779, and our phone number is 866-659-5246. Business hours are Monday-Friday, 8am-5pm Central excluding holidays. Our specialists look forward to assisting you. ', 'To check the status of your order 24 hours a day, simply enter your transaction ID on the Existing Customers page of this site. Your transaction ID can be found on your receipt e-mail. If you cannot locate your receipt e-mail or transaction ID, please contact us. ', 'Yes. The information you submit is secured using SSL encryption technology. The "s" in the "https://" at the start of the address of pages that collect or display your information is what identifies this security. Click here for more information about our data security practices. ', "You're required to show a Social Security Card when starting a new job. Another common reason for needing a card is opening a new bank account. ", 'Yes. Last names often change due to marriage or divorce, and you may want your Social Security Card to reflect that. A change in citizenship is also a common reason to get an updated Social Security Card. You can also fix an incorrect spelling of your name or an incorrect date of birth on your card. ', "After we have finished preparing your SS-5 application document and filing instructions, your last step is to simply follow the filing instructions. After you complete your filing, you'll receive your Social Security Card in the mail directly from the Social Security Administration. Their stated delivery time is 10-14 days, though it can sometimes take 4-6 weeks or more depending on the work load of your local office. ", 'Evidence documents are supporting documents that the Social Security Administration requires you to submit along with your SS-5 form, in order to prove various claims that you make on the SS-5. Depending on your specific filing situation, evidence documents may be required to prove your age, identity, citizenship, immigration status, authority to sign for someone else, and/or a specific correction or change that you\'re requesting.Not all documents are considered acceptable as evidence. Specific types of documents are accepted for each type of proof required, and more detail on this is given below. In addition, all evidence documents must be either originals or certified copies to be acceptable. See below for the definition of "certified copy".The Social Security Administration will return all evidence documents that you submit, whether you apply in person or by mail, and whether the documents are originals or certified copies. The desire not to part with sensitive original documents leads many applicants to apply in person rather than by mail. ', 'Take care to protect your Social Security Number and Social Security Card from loss and theft. Do not carry your Social Security Card with you every day. Keep the card in a safe place, and only take it with you when you are required to show it, such as when starting a new job, opening a new bank account, or applying for certain government benefits. One good rule of thumb is to never give out your Social Security Number for a request that you did not initiate. For example, when asked for your Social Security Number at the start of a new job, that is a request that you initiated by starting the new job. But if you get a phone call "out of the blue" requesting your number for whatever reason, exercise caution. Ask yourself, is the request for your number really initiated by something you did recently? If you\'re not sure, it can never hurt to double check with a trusted third party such as a family member before giving out your number to anyone. ', '\t\t\tSimpleFilings is not affiliated with any goverment agency. We cannot provide legal, financial, or ', 'other professional services or advice, and at no time do we review the information you submit from a legal, accounting, or ', 'other professional standpoint. We never sell your information. Please visit our Privacy Policy to see how ', 'provide on this website is used. Your access to and use of SimpleFilings.com is subject to these and additional Terms of ']