['closer look at those paintings at the local thrift store. One painting, called "Red Nose" was purchased by a Milwaukee woman for $12. It turned out to be a lithograph by artist  Alexander Calder  worth $9,000. Morry Gash/AP Photo', 'Florida, to be displayed in a local park. Some relics have yet to find a suitable home, like these remnants of an  Alexander Calder  sculpture that stood between the towers. Others are being readied for transport to the new museum at Ground Zero ', 'Oldenburg, to name a few. "It\'s a very calm place in the middle of the city," Rogers says, and features an  Alexander Calder  exhibit through March 6. 214-242-5100; www.nashersculpturecenter.org Bishop Arts District The funky area ', "you're working on your skating moves, you can also take in the art surrounding you: sculptures by the likes of  Alexander Calder , Claes Oldenburg and Roy Lichtenstein. The rink's open late Friday and Saturday nights. 202-216-9397; nga ", 'Laboratory Today, Kammerer still commutes between homes in Umbria, Naples and Berlin. Italy, he says, is like a giant  Alexander Calder  mobile: Everything is moving, and its dynamics are unpredictable, but in the end the structure is very secure ', "implications for others trying to prove infidelity Sexton, a Harvard Ph.D. and great-niece of the famous sculptor  Alexander Calder , is suing Richard Briggs Bailey, her multimillionaire third husband, for adultery. Included in the cast is Bailey's ", "magnificent works a giant tapestry from Miro, a wood relief from Louise Nevelson, a 25-foot-tall metal sculpture from  Alexander Calder . Art Was Part of Plan In fact, when the World Trade Center was built in the 1960s and '70s, one percent of the ", 'Florida. To be displayed in a local car. Some relics have yet to find a suitable home like these remnants of an  Alexander Calder  sculpture that stood between the hours. Others are being readied for transport to the new museum at ground zero ', 'have yet to find a suitable home like these remnants of an Alexander Calder sculpture that stood between the -- hours. Others are being readied for transport to the new museum at ground zero. Earlier on ']