[' Stocks eked out small gains in volatile  trading on Thursday, lifted by materials, as investors digested the a mixed round of corporate earnings reports."The late morning recovery in  the 10 Year Note helped bring back the buyers in stocks," wrote Elliot  Spar, market strategist at Stifel Nicolaus.The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed 13 points higher at 15,555. Chevron led the blue-chip gainers, while Home Depot lagged.  The S&P 500 also ticked higher, while the Nasdaq rose 25 points, seeing its best gain in nearly two weeks. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 13.   (Read more: Small caps pose the latest threat to market rally)Most key S&P sectors finished in positive territory, boosted by materials and utilities, while industrials slumped.  Among earnings, Facebook  surged nearly 30 percent after the social-networking giant posted  stellar quarterly results and nearly 20 brokerages raised their price  targets on the stock. The stock traded at its best level since last May  and is about 10 percent from hitting its IPO price of $38. A shocking  230 million shares have traded hands so far, the largest since the  company went public in May of last year.    (Read more:Cramer: A \'straightshot\' to $38 for Facebook) General Motors beat earnings expectations, helped by strong demand in North America and  cost cutting in Europe. But shares of the U.S. automaker dipped. Dow  component 3M  edged past earnings expectations and backed its full-year profit  forecast. But shares of the diversified manufacturer still declined. PulteGroup  tumbled to lead the S&P 500 laggards after the homebuilder missed  Wall Street expectations and the company said the number of homes booked  dropped 12 percent. Rival D.R. Horton, meanwhile, reported better-than-expected earnings as it sold more units at higher prices. But shares still fell sharply.  Crocs  plunged after the footwear manufacturer posted quarterly results that  fell short of expectations and handed in current-quarter outlook that  sharply missed expectations.   "A lot of market-moving  day-to-day moves are based on earnings hits versus misses, but I look at  overall earnings growth," said Karyn Cavanaugh, market strategist with  ING U.S. Investment Management. "So far, we\'re up 5 percent, versus 3  percent last quarter, so this is a testament to American companies and  their ability to get over these hurdles." To date, more than 45 percent of S&P  500 companies have reported results so far this quarter, with 68  percent of firms topping earnings expectations and 56 percent beating  revenue estimates, according to data from Thomson Reuters. If all  remaining companies report earnings in line with estimates, earnings  will be up 4.1 percent from last year\'s second quarter.   Looking ahead to the third and fourth quarters, Cavanaugh said companies  haven\'t been lowering the earnings bar, which is an encouraging sign  that growth will likely continue.    "I see the market hitting  new highs for the year and we\'ll probably end higher than where we are  now, barring any major global event or political wrangling," added  Cavanaugh, who has a price target of 1,760 on the S&P 500.    On the economic front, weekly jobless claims increased by 7,000 to a seasonally adjusted 343,000,  according to the Labor Department. Economists had expected a reading of  340,000 last week. Still, the four-week average of new claims dipped  1,250 from a week earlier.   And durable goods orders gained more  than expected, with non-defense capital goods orders excluding aircraft  rising 0.7 percent in June, according to the Commerce Department,  edging past expectations for an increase of 0.5 percent.    The Treasury auctioned $29 billion in 7-year notes with a high yield of 2.026 percent. The bid-to-cover ratio, an indicator of demand, was 2.54, versus a recent average of 2.65.   European shares finished in the red with investor confidence curbed by a mixed bag of earnings from major companies and concerns about slowing growth in China.  And Asian markets ended lower, even as the Chinese government announced new measures to lift certain areas of the economy, including small businesses.  ']