["year scheme to keep private the intimate details of Kahlo's life. It started when she died in 1954, as a distraught  Diego Rivera  , the famous Mexican muralist and Frida Kahlo's husband, locked the doors to her closet and never let anyone enter ", 'The Story of Rodriguez, the Greatest Mexican American Rock Legend You Never Heard Of', "space in midtown Detroit's Cultural Center Historic District, where it flourished, hosting frescos by artists like  Diego Rivera  and becoming the first public museum in the United States to purchase paintings by Van Gogh and Matisse. Detroit was ", 'detailed paintings," Monforton says. "Another popular work of art is the famous Detroit Industry fresco cycle by  Diego Rivera , which depicts the importance of industry to the city while surrounding visitors with vibrant color and bold forms ', "Mexico City is home to some of the world's most admired artists, among them Frida Kahlo and  Diego Rivera  who are as famous for their prolific work between the 1920s and 1950s as they are for their love-hate relationship. The movie ", 'to head a major presidential campaign. Her office is decorated with photographs of her husband and two children, a  Diego Rivera  print and framed copies of three Time magazine covers featuring Clinton. The campaign has hired a leading Hispanic ', "Hitchcock Coit, and is home to a fascinating series of frescoes inside its lobby. Created under the supervision of  Diego Rivera , the murals were part of Roosevelt's public works projects and depict socialist-realist images. Dinner in North ", "wall's worth of pop art by Roy Lichtenstein; Warhol portraits of Jackie Onassis, Mick Jagger and Marilyn Monroe; a  Diego Rivera  self portrait; and a painting many consider to be the best Jackson Pollock outside of North America. The collection ", 'Art and Minimalism. Among the collection are important works by Mondrian, Bruce Conner, Paul Klee, Frida Kahlo and  Diego Rivera . Picturing Modernity: The Photography Collection includes pictures from the mid-1800s to the present that capture ', "27-Jan. 20, 2008 She's Our Lady of Latino Art, eclipsing in some ways even her beloved husband, Mexican muralist  Diego Rivera . This centennial exhibit, featuring 50 paintings from 1926 to 1954, when she died, travels to Philadelphia and San ", "hanging on the back of his door well in his home office. Turns out that it's actually a painting by Mexican artist  Diego Rivera . And it's worth 800000. Wow between 800000 a million dollars he just goes he takes its antiques roadshow and hey ", "home office. Turns out that it's actually a painting by Mexican artist Diego Rivera . And it's worth 800000. Wow between 800000 a million dollars he just goes he takes its antiques roadshow and hey it's -- ", "artists. The owner Carol Stream the third from Nashville Tennessee this property after his mother Matilda with the artist  Diego Rivera  painted when she was just fifteen. You'll find other unique artwork like this funky drink holder throughout the property ", "Nashville Tennessee -- this property after his mother Matilda with the artist Diego Rivera painted when she was just fifteen. You'll find other unique artwork like this funky drink holder throughout the property. Including photographs quite ", "museum of contemporary art the display is astonishing. Dozens of paintings by modern art masters Pablo Picasso Andy  Diego Rivera . This is just one of the museum's many treasures Pablo Picasso's the painter and his model from 1927. This is ", "astonishing. Dozens of paintings by modern art masters Pablo Picasso Andy -- Diego Rivera . This is just one of the museum's many treasures Pablo Picasso's the painter and his model from 1927. This is like a ", "decadent western art was locked away in the basement Vincent mango. Incredible. I eternity is and 1930. Self portrait by  Diego Rivera . A wall of Andy Warhol portraits of Mick Jagger Jackie O and Marilyn Monroe this is on Iran's golden age from 1905 ", "Vincent mango. Incredible. I eternity is -- and 1930. Self portrait by Diego Rivera . A wall of Andy Warhol portraits of Mick Jagger Jackie O and Marilyn Monroe this is on -- Iran's golden age from ", "art was locked away in the basement convincing mango. Incredible. I eternity is gates and 1930. Self portrait by  Diego Rivera . A wall of Andy Warhol portraits of Mick Jagger Jackie O and Marilyn Monroe this is on Iran's golden age from 1905 ", "convincing mango. Incredible. I eternity is gates and 1930. Self portrait by Diego Rivera . A wall of Andy Warhol portraits of Mick Jagger Jackie O and Marilyn Monroe this is on -- Iran's golden age from "]