['N.Y. Art Dealer Accused of Scamming Galleries With Fake Works by Rothko, Pollock, de Kooning', 'after she allegedly sold them counterfeit works she claimed had been painted by famous artists like Mark Rothko,  Jackson Pollock  and Willem de Kooning over a period of 15 years, according to an indictment. Glafira Rosales, 56, of Sands Point ', "read the text I sent to a friend the night we interviewed Venezuelan disco punk band La Vida Boheme. The band's  Jackson Pollock  painting-like appearance and Clash-esque sound is as eclectic and random as that text message. Routinely before ", 'years," he said. Umanets said that he chose the Rothko work after considering defacing others by Pablo Picasso,  Jackson Pollock  and Marcel Duchamp. "I went into the Tate with a permanent black marker to inscribe a painting that I personally ', "like a prostitute? The platinum blond dog walker who always loitered to talk to him in the driveway? My mind was a  Jackson Pollock  of minuscule women's faces. I started to cry, which quickly escalated into screaming and wailing. I was unraveling ", 'Niemann had to practice running and drawing at the same time, he said, so that it would not come out like a  Jackson Pollock  painting. For each sketch, Niemann would take a photo of the drawing and Tweet the photo with his mileage and a ', 'have been robbed," said Amadio. Amadio said at least 16 pieces of art work are missing including a Matisse and a  Jackson Pollock  that Amadio believes is worth $20 million. Several other pieces of lesser value are also gone. A 2002 appraisal ', 'Amadio told ABC News last week. Amadio said at least 16 pieces of art work are missing including a Matisse and a  Jackson Pollock  that Amadio believes is worth $20 million. Several other pieces of lesser value are also gone. A 2002 appraisal ', 'worth in art work from a home in Pebble Beach, California last Friday. The 13 stolen works include master pieces by  Jackson Pollock , Matisse, Miro, Renoir and Rembrandt. Art owner Angelo Benjamin Amadio and his housemate Dr. Ralph Kennaugh said the ', 'after a Brazilian city). Live demos included a painting game that lets players fling paint onto the screen like  Jackson Pollock . Another dodgeball-type game had a player moving forward and back, left and right, using arms, legs and the ', 'of dollars. Her or paintings. Federal prosecutors say she cleaned we discovered works are renowned masters when  Jackson Pollock  Willem de Clooney and Mark Roscoe. She says she got them from an anonymous Swiss collector and a Spanish collector ', 'say she cleaned -- -- we discovered works are renowned masters when Jackson Pollock Willem de Clooney and Mark Roscoe. She says she got them from an anonymous Swiss collector and a Spanish collector. This was ', 'oblong guards ice cream Sunday if you also liquid nitrogen violence. My ultimate dinner party would be Darth Vader.  Jackson Pollock  and Willy Wonka back cook they could just hang out yet a careful serving Vator. You know like you could just to be ', 'also liquid nitrogen violence. My ultimate dinner party would be Darth Vader. Jackson Pollock and Willy Wonka back cook they could just hang out yet a careful serving Vator. You know like you could just to ', "doesn't excuse me is this is the host this is by  Jackson Pollock  and that's that's exactly right but we got the lines and override the white lines exactly as if a  Jackson Pollock  just paint across the man made it does look like an ", "doesn't excuse me is this is the host this is -- by Jackson Pollock and that's that's exactly right but we got the copyright brides here. This what this is this is underdeveloped Jackson -- this ", "white lines and override the white lines exactly as if a -- Jackson Pollock -- just paint across the man made it does look like an artist's rendition I thought this look -- spectacles up here ", 'spectacle but flourished so did those. flat hats tall hats hats with foliage. looked as if they had strong from the  Jackson Pollock  canvas. Many of them were made by Philip Tracy favorite London make that. And now I can tell you a little secret ', 'with foliage. -- looked as if they had strong -- from the Jackson Pollock canvas. Many of them were made by Philip Tracy -- -- favorite London -- make that. And now I can tell you ', "and create your little policy. And red round Torino owners think about Ali imagine a play here or create your own  Jackson Pollock  got a Paper plates that are good you can and haven't they been doing is about an hour. And it's not ready to ", "owners think about Ali imagine a play here or create your own Jackson Pollock got a Paper plates that are good -- you can and -- haven't they been doing is about an hour. And it's ", "what's best markets are certainly in this is quite an online affect. Little bit of was to erect. a little politically  Jackson Pollock  exactly. Look at that it Accuses that we today that it had a set aside Very. I the disease can nice. So we'll ", 'affect. Little bit of was -- to erect. -- a little politically Jackson Pollock exactly. Look at that it -- -- -- -- -- Accuses that we -- today that it had a set aside -- ', 'day daily lift as a catalog of over thirteen hundred novels and many of them. Our free. Finally finding your inner  Jackson Pollock  with help from the Nintendo a couple of students New York University. Have developed an experimental application ', 'hundred novels and many of them. Our free. Finally finding your inner Jackson Pollock with help from the Nintendo -- a couple of students -- New York University. Have developed an experimental application that turns the ']