['long tradition depicting female suicides, to wit, Millais\'s \'Ophelia,\' or, for a real and not fictive person,  Frida Kahlo \'s \'The Suicide of Dorothy Hale.\' The images do indeed scare the public because death has become taboo." One of ', "Imagine being in  Frida Kahlo 's childhood home and opening up a Trujillo Soto, the director of the  Frida Kahlo  Museum opened the closets that had Inside were over 300 items belonging to  Frida Kahlo , and now, a wide array of what was ", 'Pintoras Mexicanas," a group of female Mexican painters and will pay tribute to important historical figures like  Frida Kahlo , Remedios Varo and Leonora Carrington. Corpus Christi, TX NOV. 2 - The 5th annual Dia de los Muertos block party is ', 'began its routine with the athletes lying, inert, by the side of the pool. And in an homage to the Mexican artist  Frida Kahlo , a third team, the synchronized swimming duet from Italy, tried to imagine how it might look to descend into madness ', 'feminist website Feministing has dubbed December "Decembrow" and is encouraging women to grow their eyebrows a la  Frida Kahlo  and raise money for a cause of their choice. Inspired in part by " Movember ," a moustache-growing event each November ', 'friend, Ross Brodar, agree that her art has become "deeper, darker and more psychological." "She reminds me of  Frida Kahlo ," Brodar told ABCNews.com. "Her mortality is gripping her." Silva\'s signature painting, "The Warrior of ', "Trieglaff (@ScottTrieglaff) and Daniel Sahagun (@DanielSahagun), whose band The Broken Column is named after a  Frida Kahlo  painting. Our verdict: Kogi's $2 short-rib taco is the bomb. Ninjkabat Woah. I just saw a sign telling visitors ", "Trieglaff (@ScottTrieglaff) and Daniel Sahagun (@DanielSahagun), whose band The Broken Column is named after a  Frida Kahlo  painting. Our verdict: Kogi's $2 short-rib taco is the bomb. Ninjkabat Woah. I just saw a sign telling visitors ", 'named for the first female doctor in the United Kingdom and its buildings are named after famous women, including a  Frida Kahlo  arts building and an Emily Bronte building for English studies. "This school is incredible and you should be very proud ', "Mexico City is home to some of the world's most admired artists, among them  Frida Kahlo  and Diego Rivera who are as famous for their prolific work between the 1920s and 1950s as they are for their love-hate relationship ", 'Cries and Whispers" about a cancer patient. Art may do a better job of depicting pain. Many of the Mexican painter  Frida Kahlo \'s paintings were influenced by the physical pain she lived with throughout her life due to the injuries she suffered ', 'concluding with Pop Art and Minimalism. Among the collection are important works by Mondrian, Bruce Conner, Paul Klee,  Frida Kahlo  and Diego Rivera. Picturing Modernity: The Photography Collection includes pictures from the mid-1800s to the ', "Frida Kahlo's  dresses and other personal belongings on display at the Casa Azul in Mexico City."]