['" The Scream ," with all its pop culture modern art masterpieces, but  Edvard Munch \'s 1893 painting might still figure is considered to be  Munch , " The Scream " has become something not Until he died in 1944,  Munch  kept one original version of " The Scream " with him always.', 'Bacon\'s "Figure Writing Reflected In Mirror," which sold for $44,882,500 and $44,882,500, respectively. The auction comes less than a week after after  Edvard Munch \'s " The Scream " sold for $119.9 million, an auction record.', 'Sleeping Girl" will set a new record for one of his works. The auction comes less than a week after after  Edvard Munch \'s " The Scream " sold for $119.9 million, an auction record. "The reason for these record-breaking sales is, quite ', 'Edvard Munch \'s " The Scream " (Image credit: Sotheby\'s/AP Photo One of four versions of  Edvard Munch \'s 1895 masterpiece " The Scream " will be auctioned today at Sotheby\'s in New York ', 'last night, Carrie Mathison ran out of a hospital bed, jumped out of a moving car, and contorted her face into  Edvard Munch -like formations while in the midst of a massive psychotic break. Which makes it not all that surprising that the ', 'writers and artists for centuries.  Edvard Munch , the Norwegian-born painter of the nature; it seemed to me that I heard  the scream . I painted this picture, painted the The color shrieked. This became \' The Scream .\'" If one is still not convinced ', 'art. Information: 202-737-4215 or nga.gov . Becoming  Edvard Munch : Influence, Anxiety, and Myth Art Institute of Chicago Through April 26 Think you know all about the man who painted  The Scream ? This exhibit challenging the myths about his life and career ', 'MASP is not unique in this criminal phenomenon. In 2004, armed robbers managed to steal  Edvard Munch \'s iconic work of art, " The Scream ," from the  Munch  Museum in Norway, in broad daylight. The painting was later recovered and three men ', 'Norway, 2004 The Take: " The Scream " and "Madonna" paintings kind, two men broke into the  Munch  Museum in broad daylight and Oslo\'s greatest treasures, " The Scream " and "Madonna" by  Edvard Munch , from the wall. Wearing ', "was no match for the tenacity of my obese body. The hunger my body engendered was like the subject in  Edvard Munch 's painting  The Scream . It was constant; it was maddening; it always got the better of me. DAMNED ONLY IF YOU DON'T I suffered ", 'being the self-portrait of Rembrandt stolen out of the Swedish National Museum in 2000 and recovered last year and  Edvard Munch \'s "Scream" stolen in 2004 and recovered this past September.', "Washington Post ) NORWAY Police Recover ' The Scream ' Two Years After It Was Stolen Norwegian police have today recovered  The Scream  and another stolen masterpiece by  Edvard Munch  two years after they were stolen from an ", 'crime thefts to track down paintings like  Edvard Munch \'s " The Scream ," Paul Cezanne\'s "View of Auvers-sur-Oise National Museum, 2000 (Recovered)  Munch \'s  The Scream  and The Madonna from the  Munch  Museum in Oslo, 2004 Benevenuto Cellini ', "role and people I'm sure we'll follow theater owners are again. Indeed in new security system at the museum means that  the scream  I'm the and painting Madonna. Can once more will be enjoyed by the public without fear them disappearing again. You about ", "are again. Indeed in new security system at the museum means that the scream I'm the -- -- and painting Madonna. Can once more will be enjoyed by the public without fear -- them disappearing again. ", 'Masked gunmen steal two famous paintings, including  The Scream , from a museum.']