['partier, but this was the first time I was drinking in order not to feel something. It had a dark purpose." His wife,  Tracy Pollan , helped him stop. "About a year after my diagnosis, I woke up one morning and saw Tracy\'s face. ... She said ', 'Holloway missing poster crumpled and stained being ripped from a tree by the wind while Beth Twitty, her mother, played by  Tracy Pollan , tells a group of gathered press that she will never stop looking for her daughter. The 17-year-old blonde went on ', 'family just out of nowhere. You\'re just blessed with these people," Fox told "Today." He also met his real life wife  Tracy Pollan  on the set when she played Alex\'s girlfriend. They\'ve been married since 1988 and have four children. Of all the show\'s ', "Armstrong, because both grappled with illness as young men and both draw strength from their families. Fox's wife, actress  Tracy Pollan , 48, has stood by him through the years, even though she hesitates to call herself as great an optimist as her husband ", 'I have to wrestle ... the knife outta my hand and get the brush down into the basin," he said. Fox and his wife,  Tracy Pollan , have been married for a little more than 20 years. They married in 1988 and two years later, Fox began developing early ', 'the quality was really changed for the worse and it really became hiding." Fox stopped drinking after his wife, actress  Tracy Pollan , helped him realize why he was doing it. "She was basically saying, \'Is this going to be your reaction to this?\' And ', 'Michael J. Fox and wife  Tracy Pollan  are expecting their fourth child, the actor has announced. "We just kind of looked around and figured there was just someone ', "screening was to benefit Fox's foundation, which funds research on Parkinson's. Fox also announced that he and his wife,  Tracy Pollan , are expecting their fourth child. Fox left the hit TV series Spin City last year, two years after disclosing that he ", 'Michael J. Fox and wife  Tracy Pollan  are expecting their fourth child, the actor has announced. "We just kind of looked around and figured there was just someone ', 'Michael J. Fox and wife  Tracy Pollan  are expecting their fourth child, the actor has announced. "We just kind of looked around and figured there was just someone ', 'Michael J. Fox and wife  Tracy Pollan  are expecting their fourth child, the actor has announced. "We just kind of looked around and figured there was just someone ', 'Michael J. Fox and wife  Tracy Pollan  are expecting their fourth child, the actor has announced. "We just kind of looked around and figured there was just someone ', 'Michael J. Fox and wife  Tracy Pollan  are expecting their fourth child, the actor has announced. "We just kind of looked around and figured there was just someone ']