['York. The man of the hour is  Sting  , in this case arriving at He\'s joined by his wife,  Trudie Styler . He\'s been smitten with but that\'s a given,"  Sting  said. "I really like this room, my world lights up."  Sting  and Styler were at the Greene ', 'That\'s the day my whole life changed," he said. Guy Ritchie Madonna met her current husband in 1998 at  Sting  and  Trudie Styler \'s country home in England. According to Us magazine, she was attracted to his strong personality. "He was ', "from actor Gabriel Byrne, wore a floral suit. The 45 guests included director Penny Marshall and  Trudie Styler , wife of rock musician  Sting , as well as Byrne. Patricia Duff, Perelman's third wife, sent him a wedding day message via her ", 'to have peace. I have contributed to things that the Dalai Lama has been involved with, like there\'s  Trudie Styler , my friend,  Sting \'s wife, who does this Tibetan Peace Garden in London, which is a great idea. "But you know, in times ', 'to have peace. I have contributed to things that the Dalai Lama has been involved with, like there\'s  Trudie Styler , my friend,  Sting \'s wife, who does this Tibetan Peace Garden in London, which is a great idea. "But you know, in times ', 'to have peace. I have contributed to things that the Dalai Lama has been involved with, like there\'s  Trudie Styler , my friend,  Sting \'s wife, who does this Tibetan Peace Garden in London, which is a great idea. "But you know, in times ', 'to have peace. I have contributed to things that the Dalai Lama has been involved with, like there\'s  Trudie Styler , my friend,  Sting \'s wife, who does this Tibetan Peace Garden in London, which is a great idea. "But you know, in times ', 'to have peace. I have contributed to things that the Dalai Lama has been involved with, like there\'s  Trudie Styler , my friend,  Sting \'s wife, who does this Tibetan Peace Garden in London, which is a great idea. "But you know, in times ', 'to have peace. I have contributed to things that the Dalai Lama has been involved with, like there\'s  Trudie Styler , my friend,  Sting \'s wife, who does this Tibetan Peace Garden in London, which is a great idea. "But you know, in times ', 'gifts? Did she go to Guy s family s house for haggis and potatoes? Did she and Guy really spend their time with  Sting  and  Trudie Styler , and did they all romp around unbathed and in mismatched sweats? Was there even a tree in the castle, or is ', "Hollywood and the music world, including pop star  Sting  and his wife,  Trudie Styler , who first introduced Madonna to her future husband at their country home two years ago.  Sting  had a small role in Ritchie's first film, Lock ", 'the 41-room Tudor mansion of  Sting  and his wife,  Trudie Styler . The vast, 52-acre estate first-name-only pop stars Madonna and  Sting  and their spouses attended Christmas top-selling Sun tabloid today. " Sting  and Trudie are part of our village ', "along with Miss M's former co-star Rupert Everett;  Sting  and his wife,  Trudie Styler ; and designer Donatella Versace. The couple exchanged vows their honeymoon in England, at the 41-room Tudor mansion of  Sting  and Styler."]