['Blanc," 1936. In addition, he offered $500,000 total for the "undamaged" recovery of a 1956 piece of artwork by  Jasper Johns  called "Green Target" and two collages by Joseph Cornell from 1946 and 1952. He is offering another $200,000 for ', '1936. In addition, he is offering $500,000 total for the "undamaged" recovery of a 1956 piece of artwork by  Jasper Johns  called "Green Target" and two collages by Joseph Cornell from 1946 and 1952. He is offering another $200,000 for ', 'rights leader Congressman John Lewis, co-founder of the National Resources Defense Council John Adams, American artist  Jasper Johns , Holocaust survivor and author Gerda Weissmann Klein, civil rights activist Sylvia Mendez, Jean Kennedy Smith, and ', 'Insulting or Compassionate? Museum of Modern Art Acquires Controversial Ants on Crucifix Video', "sexual orientation and gender identity in American art, which also featured works by Georgia O'Keefe, Andy Warhol,  Jasper Johns  and Annie Leibowitz. The video drew sharp criticism from conservative groups after publication of a CNS news service ", 'and Desire in American Portraiture" opened in October . It also features works by Georgia O\'Keefe, Andy Warhol,  Jasper Johns  and Annie Leibowitz. The video drew sharp criticism from conservative groups following publication of a CNS news service ', 'Council, John H. Adams Author and poet Maya Angelou Investor, Industrialist and Philanthropist, Warren Buffett Artist  Jasper Johns  Holocaust survivor, author and founder of Citizenship Counts, Gerda Weissmann Klein Optometrist, Dr. Tom Little Cellist ', 'Sotheby\'s, inspired by Bono\'s Red Campaign, included works by 90 of the world\'s leading artists, including  Jasper Johns , Jeff Koons and Richard Prince. Hirst\'s piece entitled "Where There\'s A Will, There\'s A Way," which uses ', 'she says. The Sonesta art collection contains roughly 6,000 pieces, including original prints from Warhol and  Jasper Johns  that the couple bought for a few hundred dollars apiece when they were newly married. Some of the Sonesta prints ', 'she says. The Sonesta art collection contains roughly 6,000 pieces, including original prints from Warhol and  Jasper Johns  that the couple bought for a few hundred dollars apiece when they were newly married. Some of the Sonesta prints ', 'she says. The Sonesta art collection contains roughly 6,000 pieces, including original prints from Warhol and  Jasper Johns  that the couple bought for a few hundred dollars apiece when they were newly married. Some of the Sonesta prints ', "was a banner year for the art market. David Geffen, for example, sold a Jackson Pollack for $143.5 million and a  Jasper Johns  for $80 million; Christie's moved $395 million and Sotheby's sold $270 million of art in November shows. While ", 'Kenneth Griffin, managing director of Citadel Investment Group, paid Geffen $80 million for "False Start" by  Jasper Johns . This type of spending may seem indulgent, but when you\'re Renaissance Technologies\' Chief James Simons making ']