['janis checked it out. Reporter: Famous for her skyscraper legs, dance moves and her beau, george clooney and now  stacy keibler  is sharing her secrets. I try to eat a lot of organic vegetables and fruits. Reporter: The former "dancing with ', 'her skyscraper legs, dance moves and her beau, george clooney and now stacy keibler is sharing her secrets. I try to eat a lot of organic vegetables and fruits. Reporter: The former "dancing with the stars" ', "this one. Sorry. Sorry. Apologies. I'm so sorry. That's okay. Okay. Ut. Like a walnut. Very good. Okay. One last one. One last one. Right there. On the fork? Yes. Cantaloupe. Yes.  Stacy keibler . The show -- fantastic.", 'one. One last one. Right there. On the fork? Yes. Cantaloupe. Yes. Stacy keibler . The show -- fantastic. ', "split WERE HEARD JULY 4th, WHEN Clooney was watching fireworks in italy. While this photo, posted to instagram shows  stacy keibler  with a mystery man in malibu. The last photographed together in march. Clooney's been a busy bachelor over the ", "was watching fireworks in italy. While this photo, posted to instagram shows stacy keibler with a mystery man in malibu. The last photographed together in march. Clooney's been a busy bachelor over the years. In 1984, ", "Competition is heating up for the new season of Dancing With The Stars in. Somebody who helped us get ready for Dancing With The Stars Stacy Keebler vote their. yeah. This could stand over here when she's here those legs Know of the tallest girl didn't learn how to get a little. So as as you went", 'nominated for honey boo-boo. A lot of people were there. It was a special night. While we were at the glaad awards,  stacy keibler  and george clooney shot down rumors that they had broken up. They were joined by matt damon. George with facial hair ', 'It was a special night. While we were at the glaad awards, stacy keibler and george clooney shot down rumors that they had broken up. They were joined by matt damon. George with facial hair for ', "Celebrity stylist brad goreski is the man behind several of this year's red carpet looks. Look at  stacy keibler . Look at her. She has brad to thanks for that look. When he's not dressing a-listers, he's starring in his own reality ", "the man behind several of this year's red carpet looks. Look at stacy keibler . Look at her. She has brad to thanks for that look. When he's not dressing a-listers, he's starring in his own reality ", "hairstylist, robert vetigi. I leak her blonde, personally. Reporter: No stranger to the red carpet, with naomi watts,  stacy keibler . She could be pink, blue. It wasn't matter. Reporter: But there are other ways to capture your inner katniss ", "blonde, personally. Reporter: No stranger to the red carpet, with naomi watts, stacy keibler . She could be pink, blue. It wasn't matter. Reporter: But there are other ways to capture your inner katniss, something far less ", "turning to him. You have two, full racks. I know, honey. I am feeling good. Reporter: This year, he's dressing  stacy keibler  and jennen. That's right. His rooms is bursting with sparkling dresses. Don't ask me to find you a comfortable ", "I know, honey. I am feeling good. Reporter: This year, he's dressing stacy keibler and jennen. That's right. His rooms is bursting with sparkling dresses. Don't ask me to find you a comfortable high-heel. They are ", 'wife in bed with george. Then, george opens the bedroom door to find cindy crawford in bed with his girlfriend,  stacy keibler . And then, cindy crawford walks in to find her husband in bed with george. The ad is called, it could happen ', 'the bedroom door to find cindy crawford in bed with his girlfriend, stacy keibler . And then, cindy crawford walks in to find her husband in bed with george. The ad is called, it could happen. Please ']