["Salvage workers continue recovery operations at the site of the shipwrecked Costa Concordia off the Italian island of Gilgio on June 15, 2013. The cruise liner made global headlines when it turned on its side after striking rocks on January 13, 2012. The criminal trial for Francesco Schettino, the ship's captain, is underway in Grosseto. He has been accused of causing the deaths of 32 people.", 'Technicians continue working to salvage the half-submerged Costa Concrodia on July 7, 2013. Nearly 500 workers are involved in an operation to remove the wreck while protecting the marine environment.', 'Giant hollow boxes have been attached to the side of the ship, seen on May 27, 2013. The plan is to eventually haul the vessel upright and then attempt to refloat it with the aid of the compartments.', 'A commemorative plaque honoring the victims of the cruise disaster is unveiled in Giglio on January 14, 2013.', 'Survivors, grieving relatives and locals release lanterns into the sky in Giglio after a minute of silence on January 13, 2013, marking the one-year anniversary of the shipwreck. The 32 lanterns -- one for each of the victims -- were released at 9:45 p.m. local time, the moment of impact.', 'A man holds an Italian flag on his balcony overlooking the port of Giglio on January 13, 2013.', "The sunken Costa Concordia remains in the calm blue waters on January 12, 2013, the day before the disaster's one-year anniversary.", 'A man sits in his boat in front of the half-submerged cruise ship on January 8, 2013.', 'Cranes and floating decks surrounding the ship light up the dusk sky on January 9, 2013.', 'Technicians work during an operation to pump out 2,380 tons of fuel from the stricken ship on January 25, 2012.', 'Members of the Italian coast guard conduct a search-and-rescue mission on January 21, 2012.', 'Rescue operations to search for missing people resumed on January 20, 2012, after being suspended for a third time as conditions caused the vessel to shift on the rocks.', 'The Costa Serena, the sister ship of the wrecked Costa Concordia, passes by on January 18, 2012.', 'A bird flies overhead the Costa Concordia on January 18, 2012. Rescue operations were suspended as the ship slowly sank farther into the sea.', "An Italian coast guard helicopter flies over Giglio's harbor on January 16, 2012.", 'The Concordia, pictured on January 15, 2012, was on a Mediterranean cruise from Rome when it hit rocks off the coast of Giglio.', 'Rescued passengers arrive at Porto Santo Stefano, Italy, on January 14, 2012. The Costa Concordia was carrying 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members.', 'The ship lies stricken off the coast of Giglio on January 14, 2012, the morning after it ran aground.', 'The ship starts keeling over early on January 14, 2012. Evacuation efforts started promptly but were made "extremely difficult" by the position of the listing ship, officials said.', 'NEW: Lawyer says he will appeal the sentences given to 5 convicted over the cruise disaster', 'The sentences for the 5 defendants range from two years and 10 months to 18 months', '32 people died in January 2012 when the cruise liner ran aground and turned on its side', 'Rome (CNN) -- Five people were convicted of multiple manslaughter and causing personal injury Saturday over the deadly wreck of the Costa Concordia cruise liner off the Italian coast last year -- but only two may serve any prison time under the plea bargain accepted by the judge.', 'The convictions, the first in the case, came after Judge Pietro Molino accepted their plea bargain Saturday morning.', "The five were originally co-defendants with the cruise ship's captain, Francesco Schettino. But he is now being tried separately on charges of multiple manslaughter in the wreck and abandoning ship. Court proceedings in his case began this week.", 'Thirty-two people died when the Costa Concordia, a luxury liner carrying 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members, struck rocks off the Italian island of Giglio on January 13, 2012.', 'Another 150 people were injured in the evacuation of the ship -- 65 of them seriously. The injuries include partial paralysis, amputations and, in one case, blindness.', "Under the deal, Roberto Ferrarini, Costa Cruises' emergency manager in Genova, was sentenced to two years and 10 months in prison and Manrico Giampedroni, hotel director of the Costa Concordia, was given two years and six months.", "Ferrarini spoke on the phone and by radio to Schettino the night of the crash between impact and evacuation, and Giampedroni was in communication with Ferrarini on Schettino's behalf that night.", "Schettino's first mate Ciro Ambrosio, who was the officer on the bridge and in command of the ship when it went off course, was handed a sentence of one year and 11 months; third officer Silvia Coronica, who was second in command to Ambrosio at the time, received 18 months; and helmsman Jacob Rusli Bin was sentenced to 20 months.", "Audio recordings played to the court showed that helmsman Rusli Bin misunderstood Schettino's directions to turn moments before the ship ran aground.", "In Italy, sentences less than two years do not generally have to be served in prison except in some cases of homicide, but not in manslaughter. As a result only Ferrarini and Giampedroni aren't likely to serve any time in prison, although they would first have to exhaust the appeals process.", 'The prosecutor backed their plea bargain requests and all five are on the prosecution witness list for the trial of Schettino in Grosseto, the Tuscan city nearest the site of the wreck.', 'But Pierpaolo Lucchese , who is one of the many lawyers who objected to the plea bargains, told CNN he will appeal the sentences.', '"It is unthinkable that these lives and the damage to the island are worth two years or less," he said by phone. "We will appeal this to Italy\'s highest court."', 'Schettino also asked Wednesday for a plea bargain in exchange for a sentence of three years and five months in prison, but the request has not yet been decided.', 'However, the prosecutor adamantly opposes it so there is little chance it will be accepted.', "The next hearing in Schettino's case is scheduled for September 23, but the judges could rule officially on his plea bargain sooner.", 'Schettino faces three criminal charges: involuntary manslaughter for the 32 deaths, causing a maritime disaster and causing personal injury to 150 people who were badly hurt in the accident.', "According to passengers' accounts, chaos ensued that night as guests rushed to fill lifeboats and escape the shipwreck. Some crew members helped passengers and then jumped overboard, passengers said. Remaining crew members seemed helpless to handle the melee.", 'The case against Schettino centers on several questions, including why it took him more than an hour to issue an order to abandon ship and why the captain allegedly left the vessel before all passengers had abandoned it.', 'Given the complicated nature of the case, his trial could drag on for a year or more. The prosecutor presented the court with a list of 357 witnesses Wednesday.', 'Running in tandem with the criminal prosecution are numerous civil suits against Schettino, which can be heard at the same time. This means more than 250 civil parties are also represented in court.', "Meanwhile, the Costa Concordia lies half-submerged on its side on the shore of Giglio Island, rusting and rotting in the waters off Tuscany's coast.", 'Nearly 500 workers are involved in an operation led by Titan Salvage to remove the wreck while protecting the marine environment.', 'Titan and Costa Cruises said earlier this month that they hope to be able to rotate the vessel to a vertical position in September. They will then be able to assess whether it can be refloated and towed away.', 'Journalist Barbie Latza Nadeau reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London. Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]