['cell phones and the web. Warren buffett is bearish on technology. Angelina jolie jokes about her tech phobia. And  winona ryder  told jimmy fallon the internet scares her. The googling, which is terrifying to me. Reporter: And the man with over ', 'is bearish on technology. Angelina jolie jokes about her tech phobia. And winona ryder told jimmy fallon the internet scares her. The googling, which is terrifying to me. Reporter: And the man with over 100 movies ', "to profit off food and as a result they can hurt the prosecution's case. This still could be because I've ever.  Winona Ryder  seeing the video over and over again what with her shoplifting and people are looking at this closely so this could ", "can hurt the prosecution's case. This still could be because I've ever. Winona Ryder seeing the video over and over again what with her shoplifting and people are -- looking at this closely so this could ", 'serving jail time. Six months she takes two ticks off the table and now possibly could they had been and that she should  Winona Ryder . He went to trial petty shoplifting she could to plead guilty. How to reduce sentiments and a role model to girls ', 'possibly could they had been -- and that she should -- -- Winona Ryder . He went to trial -- -- petty shoplifting -- she could to plead guilty. How to reduce sentiments and -- -- a ', 'And joining us live from Los Angeles prominent defense attorney Mark Geragos president Michael Jackson Chris Brown  Winona Ryder  among others and former Los Angeles county deputy DA Robin sax good morning. of both glad to have you back with us ', 'prominent defense attorney Mark Geragos -- -- president Michael Jackson Chris Brown Winona Ryder among others and former Los Angeles county deputy DA Robin sax good morning. -- of both glad to have you back with ', "better. While we go you know it's like but if somebody that it. You know if you that you hear about these celebrities  Winona Ryder  was doing an outfits that admitted that they refill your life. And you what you do you get it out in that way when ", 'that it. You know if you that you hear about these celebrities Winona Ryder was doing an -- -- -- outfits that admitted that they refill -- -- -- -- -- your life. And you what ', 'who is a family. Therapists and joins us from Boston and this is not an unusual case we have seen this before. Brian  Winona Ryder  and other folks. You know this is. Is an situation. We know that just 50% of the people who shoplift are. Educated ', 'this is not an unusual case we have seen this before. Brian Winona Ryder and other folks. You know this is. Is an -- situation. We know that just 50% of the people who shoplift are. ', 'about it. People of the state of California faces another writer case SA zero Ford 291. We the jury find the defendant  Winona Ryder  guilty of the crime family. What did Martha Stewart who knows when she told stockbroker Peter Just sell a quarter million ', '-- SA zero -- Ford 291. We the jury find the defendant Winona Ryder guilty of the crime family. What did Martha Stewart who knows when she told stockbroker Peter -- Just sell a quarter million ', "courtroom and America's true crime obsession have fueled the fascination. Mark Geragos has represented Jackson actress  Winona Ryder  and music star Chris friend. Every time I've been to one of these I say to myself what can't get any crazier than ", "crime obsession have fueled the fascination. Mark Geragos has represented Jackson actress Winona Ryder and music star Chris friend. Every time I've been to one of these I say to myself what can't get any crazier ", "courtroom and America's true crime obsession have fueled the fascination. Mark Geragos has represented Jackson. Actress  Winona Ryder  and music star Chris friend. Every time I've been to one of these I say to myself can't get any crazier than this ", "crime obsession have fueled the fascination. Mark Geragos has represented Jackson. Actress Winona Ryder and music star Chris friend. Every time I've been to one of these I say to myself -- can't get any crazier ", 'In Hollywood in 2002. A doctor had his license revoked for prescribing painkillers and sedatives to patients like  Winona Ryder  and the alias Emily Thompson. And rocker Courtney Love without a good faith exam. Michael Jackson search for powerful ', 'had his license revoked for prescribing painkillers and sedatives to patients like Winona Ryder and the alias Emily Thompson. And rocker Courtney Love without a good faith exam. Michael Jackson search for powerful drugs led him ', 'I was. He got start directing feature films with Helen Childress is brilliant legality script along with Ethan and  Winona Ryder  Stiller also directed his longtime friend and collaborator. how was for you to learn how to tell people what to do ', 'Helen Childress is brilliant legality -- script along with Ethan -- and Winona Ryder Stiller also directed his longtime friend and collaborator. -- -- -- -- how -- was -- for you to learn how to ', "is the because nothing's than last cutting edge MTV has never tried to grow old with audience or its artists. Only  Winona Ryder  has just more rock stars good And even as it shows this for corrupting the minds of a youth happier about MTV's product ", 'never tried to grow old with -- audience or its artists. Only Winona Ryder has just more rock stars good -- And even as it shows this -- for corrupting the minds of a youth -- ', 'served ten months for lying to police about her involvement in a shoot out. And with the help of surveillance cameras  Winona Ryder  was charged and found guilty of four felonies for shoplifting. So it blisters do have good records when it comes to ', 'involvement in a shoot out. And with the help of surveillance cameras Winona Ryder was charged and found guilty of four felonies for shoplifting. So it blisters do have good records when it comes to bouncing ']