['What soap star played Annie Oakley months before McEntire took on the role? A. Genie Francis B. Deirdre Hall C.  Susan Lucci  D. Erika Slesak Getting Animated Which actress joined Reba to voice animated characters in the 2006 movie "Charlotte\'s ', 'off from Edwards Air Force Base in California it carried over three times its weight in fuel. Famous Birthdays 1946  Susan Lucci  1964 Eddie Vedder 1967 Carla Bruni 1971 Corey Haim View more videos from This Month in History: December .', 'makes you look like you have nothing to hide." 11.  Susan Lucci : She may have become famous entertaining couch potatoes endorsement of Malibu Pilates, Emmy-award winning soaps star  Susan Lucci  urges you "to get off the couch." Lucci is also the ', 'consultants including fashion guru Tim Gunn, celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak and "American Idol" alum Kimberley Locke.  Susan Lucci , who has played Erica Kane for over four decades, may be the biggest star on "All My Children" and one of soaps ', 'Actress  Susan Lucci  , who\'s played Erica Kane on "All virtually anyone with a television knows  Susan Lucci  as Erica Kane, but no one really knows much about  Susan Lucci . Rereading those letters, especially ', 'celebrities to assist in the effort. Other big names who pitched in included race car driver Danica Patrick , actress  Susan Lucci  , the stars of the Broadway show " Wicked " and the cast of " Ugly Betty ." But the stars weren\'t the only people ', 'celebrities who helped the effort last year. Other big names who pitched in included race car driver Danica Patrick, actress  Susan Lucci , the stars of the Broadway show "Wicked" and the cast of "Ugly Betty." If you have a compelling story to share ', 'scenes, daytime shows face tighter budgets, shrunken ad revenues and competition for viewer attention from new media.  Susan Lucci , who has played Erica Kane on "All My Children" since its 1970 inception, talked to "Nightline" about the challenges ', 'Carruthers. "The economic state of the world kind of made everyone here pull together." The banner example may be  Susan Lucci , who has played the immortal Erica Kane for 39 years, through thick and thin, and worse. Even Lucci had to take ', "all in a day's work for actress  Susan Lucci . Who for decades is played time's road trip for someone so famous  Susan Lucci  leads of regular suburban life usually happy have In contrast  Susan Lucci  is an old fashioned celebrity keeping ", "stakes his own death it's all in a day's work for actress Susan Lucci . Who for decades is played -- time's biggest diva Erica Kane on the soap All My Children. What might surprise -- was just how little light resembles are believed she is ABC's -- champ -- in tonight's on core. Doesn't change. -- Yeah OK -- road trip for someone so famous Susan Lucci leads of regular suburban life here in Long Island just outside New York City. We arranged to spend the day with her ", "for Erica -- I usually happy -- -- have -- In contrast Susan Lucci is an old fashioned celebrity keeping her private life to herself. Until now. It's all in her book aptly titled all my ", "-- I mean and and Atchison rooms -- -- -- home. -- Susan Lucci is not a -- hung -- I bet down she took place -- on TV. I'm juju Chang for Nightline in New ", "work. It can't be forty years  Susan Lucci  joins us she's here with us in bonding guilty pleasure shopping list  Susan Lucci . And now math aren't I'm staying. Defense I  Susan Lucci  has played the scandalous Erica ", "woman that whose -- -- from work. It can't be forty years Susan Lucci joins us -- she's here with us in the studio would talk to her. In just a moment but first -- -- takes a closer look. If anything from. It's a girl bonding guilty pleasure shopping list Susan Lucci . And now -- math aren't I'm staying. Defense I -- Susan Lucci has played the scandalous Erica Kane on All My Children for more than forty years beginning when the character was just fifteen. ", "is that -- dead. -- And though she delivers a perfect -- Susan Lucci is not a diva she just plays one on TV. Yeah and -- and little. Nurse Susan Lucci and that's now she has a brand new book out it is called fall line of life. It is wonderful to have ", "in the yard pass today. Where I'm meeting with an actress who the role of a lifetime that actually changed my life  Susan Lucci  Erica from All My Children Under one and only has been helmet Hubert and they at a charity that's near and dear to ", '-- -- the role of a lifetime that actually changed my life Susan Lucci Erica -- from All My Children -- -- -- -- -- -- Under one and only has been helmet Hubert and they ', 'My Children yes. But there is life after that after 41 years. the soap opera vixen and became so delicious things.  Susan Lucci  is taken on a new role is guest starring on army wives alongside and former All My Children cast And yes and she is ', '41 years. -- the soap opera vixen and became so delicious things. Susan Lucci is taken on a new role -- is guest starring on army wives alongside and former All My Children cast -- And ', "our victim. I'm gonna wind up big time and look like really let you have it. And ready for my big slap okay. This can be so much fun. How is that dad. And those who delivers a perfect  Susan Lucci  is not a diva she just plays one on TV.", 'How is that -- dad. And those who delivers a perfect -- Susan Lucci is not a diva she just plays one on TV. ', "Well I have a very important arm load of important clothing little boutique. The most famous. Everybody on about all of these but let's take some time. First bought it thank you you bring these fur coat drive because you do. Wonderful things for kids all the time I don't think. Maybe you're over", 'final file on Dancing With The Stars as the you know after the exit last night of so upset start All My Children star  Susan Lucci  and her partner Tony Dovolani who join us now live from Los Angeles and good morning to to do. Susan the power and ', 'the exit last night of so upset start All My Children star Susan Lucci and her partner Tony Dovolani who join us now live from Los Angeles and good morning to -- to do. Susan the ']