['and his wife Sarah live in Pacific Palisades, Calif., with their two children.  Yasmine Bleeth  "Baywatch\'s" other non-blonde, soap opera alum  Yasmine Bleeth , joined the cast in season-five as Caroline Holden, Stephanie\'s more voluptuous ', "David Hasselhoff's defunct lifeguard series will briefly return in a two hour movie on Fox. Carmen Electra and  Yasmine Bleeth  are among the babes set to appear. ABCNEWS Radio and ABCNEWS.com's Buck Wolf and Nancy Chandross contributed ", "There was a time when Michael Jackson was accused of being more of a child feeler than a child healer, but now the King of Pop has two tykes of his own, and he wants to teach the world all about parenthood. Jackson brings his Heal The Kids program to England's Oxford University with two unlikely", 'alumnae have inspired many a scalpel. Surgeons say many women pay for eyebrow lifts to mimic the deep-set eyes of  Yasmine Bleeth , or cheek implants so they can look like Nicole Eggert. Knowing this, Dr. Daniel Man of Boca Raton, Fla., said ', 'Baywatch helped launch (or relaunch) the careers to varying degrees of success of Pamela Anderson, Carmen Electra,  Yasmine Bleeth , Erika Eleniak, Gena Lee Nolan, and of course, the former Knight Rider himself, chief lifeguard David Hasselhoff ', 'Baywatch helped launch (or relaunch) the careers to varying degrees of success of Pamela Anderson, Carmen Electra,  Yasmine Bleeth , Erika Eleniak, Gena Lee Nolan, and of course, the former Knight Rider himself, chief lifeguard David Hasselhoff ', 'Baywatch helped launch (or relaunch) the careers to varying degrees of success of Pamela Anderson, Carmen Electra,  Yasmine Bleeth , Erika Eleniak, Gena Lee Nolan, and of course, the former Knight Rider himself, chief lifeguard David Hasselhoff ', 'Baywatch helped launch (or relaunch) the careers to varying degrees of success of Pamela Anderson, Carmen Electra,  Yasmine Bleeth , Erika Eleniak, Gena Lee Nolan, and of course, the former Knight Rider himself, chief lifeguard David Hasselhoff ', 'Baywatch helped launch (or relaunch) the careers to varying degrees of success of Pamela Anderson, Carmen Electra,  Yasmine Bleeth , Erika Eleniak, Gena Lee Nolin, and of course, the former Knight Rider himself, chief lifeguard David Hasselhoff ', 'Tuesday that Titans would not get a full-season order, Variety notes. The show, which starred former Baywatch babe  Yasmine Bleeth  as a cunning rich bitch, did poorly in its Monday night debut. Titans averaged just a 2.8 rating among adults ', 'Tuesday that Titans would not get a full-season order, Variety notes. The show, which starred former Baywatch babe  Yasmine Bleeth  as a cunning rich bitch, did poorly in its Monday night debut. Titans averaged just a 2.8 rating among adults ', 'Tuesday that Titans would not get a full-season order, Variety notes. The show, which starred former Baywatch babe  Yasmine Bleeth  as a cunning rich bitch, did poorly in its Monday night debut. Titans averaged just a 2.8 rating among adults ']