['tourism appeal. So why not visit in person the locales, or the natural "sets," where your favorite films were shot?  Peter Jackson \'s Lord of the Rings Trilogy is probably on your list, as is his latest offering, The Hobbit. But if you watched the ', "the A-list stars of the highly anticipated film, including Cate Blanchett, Sir Ian McKellen and the film's director,  Peter Jackson , on, what was in the this premiere's case, a green carpet in honor of the film. Wednesday night's premiere benefited ", "Movie Review: 'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey' Not as Good as 'Lord of the Rings'", 'Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey." Expectations abound for  Peter Jackson \'s prequel based on the beloved book by J.R.R. Tolkien time, it may very well be the best sequence out of the four  Peter Jackson  films that inhabit (inhobbit?) Tolkien\'s universe ', 'Warner Bros./AP Photo Director  Peter Jackson \'s much-anticipated film "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" has reportedly made some moviegoers sick. The film is shot ', 'Twilight\'s Washington coast, or "The Shire" as fabricated in rural New Zealand. The Hobbit, Hobbiton Farm, New Zealand When  Peter Jackson  decided to film "The Lord of the Rings" series in New Zealand, viewers became enchanted with the faraway country\'s dramatic ', 'the series. 7. Alex de la Iglesia (Spain) When someone describes you as a combination between Guillermo del Toro and  Peter Jackson  you know you are destined for some sort of greatness. Looked at as a potential director for the Doom movie adaptation with ', 'translated into over 40 languages, gone through numerous re-printings, and spawned several film adaptations, most recently  Peter Jackson \'s. The Jackson film, a follow-up to his widely successful "Lord of the Rings" adaptations, is due to be released ', 'was first published in 1937 and has sold more than 100 million copies worldwide. Its popularity is only going to increase when  Peter Jackson \'s movie "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" is released on Dec. 14. Image Credit: Amazon', 'Dying to get to know Martin Freeman\'s Bilbo Baggins a little better? Wondering how director  Peter Jackson  handles the dynamic of 13 dwarves in J.R.R. Tolkein\'s lighthearted tale? This latest "Hobbit" trailer should clear all ', 'Topping the list this year is another topical upcoming movie character, Smaug, the red-gold dragon who will be seen in  Peter Jackson \'s "The Hobbit" films. According to the number crunchers at Forbes, Smaug rests his armored belly on a bed made up of ', 'and his dog who set off on a search for sunken treasure. Joining forces with Spielberg is "Lord of the Rings" maestro  Peter Jackson . The film is set for release Dec. 21. Columbia Pictures The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo Just two years ago, a Swedish-language ', "Popcorn with Peter Travers:Andy Serkis is the Gollum in Peter Jackson's  The Hobbit", "ask right away about it because it's not just the That  Peter Jackson  decided to go back and he's making three hot. Read so doing rise of the planet of the apes and then suddenly.  Peter Jackson  and company We're back. that does that do you go. Oh ", "ask right away about it because it's not just the -- That Peter Jackson decided to go back and he's making three hot. Read so we gonna have like a total of almost nine hours of ", "been doing rise of the planet of the apes and then suddenly. Peter Jackson and company -- -- We're back. -- that does that do you go. Oh or are you excited well normally I don't ", 'Director  Peter Jackson  and "The Hobbit" characters appear in in-flight film for Air New Zealand.', 'Warner Bros. releases new trailer for the first film in the  Peter Jackson -directed trilogy.', 'Popcorn with Peter Travers:Andy Serkis on being a performance capture specialist', "this is that he and it I felt so much. And best of luck with so you I think you know the probably the next thing will happen and  Peter Jackson 's estate you do that this you. You do however I got to Vegas at various law in the it's.", "I think you know the probably the next thing will happen and Peter Jackson's estate you do that this you. You do however I got to Vegas at various law in the it's. ", "get two more is the hot and unexpected journey. This is  Peter Jackson  this is the idea that he did. But Lord of the Rings trilogy to hear a little bit with Lord of the Rings kind of trust  Peter Jackson  when he's working in mission. All people in the fall where ", 'gonna get two more is the hot and unexpected journey. This is Peter Jackson this is the idea that he did. But Lord of the Rings trilogy won the Oscar made more money -- more -- ', "a little bit with Lord of the Rings -- kind of trust Peter Jackson when he's working in mission. All people in the fall where always in a musical move we always want song we always "]