['Television Historian Tim Brooks and SNL Kagan Senior Consultant Derek Baine on the Sci-Fi Channel changing its name to SyFy as part of its rebranding.', "Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) escalated a dispute with NBC Universal over the pricing of television shows by announcing Friday it would not sell any of NBC's programs for this...", 'The Apple iPhone will change the way people use their cell phones. The question is, will it be the new Mac or the new iPod?Apple has innovated like this twice before...', 'Video games like "Mass Effect" don\'t come around too often, and good thing: This new science fiction epic is so good it\'s basically sucking away all of my free time....', 'Information Age Prayer is a site that charges you a monthly fee to say prayers for you. A typical charge is $4.95 per month to say three prayers specified by you eac...', "Some things have to be seen to be believed. Others have to be believed before they can be seen.Sometimes the most interesting and useful inventions don't come from t...", 'Steven Spielberg\'s "Munich," which centers on the aftermath of the killings of 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Olympics, and the oil-industry thriller "Syriana" were...', 'Clint Eastwood\'s "Letters From Iwo Jima," the second of his two World War II sagas this year, was picked as the top movie of 2006 Sunday by the Los Angeles Film Crit...', "Complete list of winners at Sunday's 60th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards presented by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences:Click here for photos.Click here for Gr...", 'Nominees in all categories for the 56th annual Primetime Emmy awards, announced Thursday by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences:1. Animated Program (For Progra...', '"Star Trek: Enterprise" ( search ) is about to go where it has never gone before: off the air, taking the "Star Trek" franchise with it.After the two-hour finale air...', "**FILE**Actor Neil Patrick Harris announces nominations for the 33rd Annual People's Choice Awards, in Beverly Hills, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 7, 2006. Earlier this mon...", "On Veteran's Day Fox411 brought you stars who had served in the U.S. military .Today, RadarOnline.com serves a little dessert.Who can resist a woman in uniform? Actr...", 'Battlestar Galactica : Aired: March 20, 2009 "Daybreak, Part 2." Four seasons of high adventure on the high space seas led to Capricans\' "discovering" a lightly-popu...']