['Philip Seymour Hoffman plays a charismatic leader in the new Paul Thomas Anderson film.', "Here's everything you want a movie to be none of the usual Hollywood ball. And number one I'm choosing the master  Paul Thomas Anderson  be that I now. People throw things that mean they can be angry people that see this and don't like it really ", "of the usual Hollywood ball. And number one I'm choosing the master Paul Thomas Anderson -- be that I now. People throw things that mean they can be angry people that see this and don't like it ", "but everybody remembers you and you buy it there well there. And then. It becomes have yet I'm. So why is  Paul Thomas Anderson  me. Well I think he's. That he I don't know visas for these parts in the and that's in the and that was ", "And then. It becomes -- have -- yet I'm. So why is Paul Thomas Anderson me. Well I think he's. That he I don't know visas for these parts in the and that's in the and -- ", "actually wait for good. Well the first fall the first big when it opens is called the master written and directed by  Paul Thomas Anderson . Who I think is the top of the line of his generation of what's doing its stars Philip Seymour Hoffman. As ", "big when it opens is called the master written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson . Who I think is the top of the line of his generation of what's doing -- its stars Philip Seymour Hoffman. As ", "thing but it also has a familiar in terms of my personal favorite kind of Sandler comedy is He's worked with  Paul Thomas Anderson  yet struck it's a completely different thing when affair and then I think the best performances ever give in ", "my personal favorite kind of Sandler comedy is -- He's worked with Paul Thomas Anderson yet struck it's a completely different thing when affair and then I think the best performances ever give in -- in funny ", 'no country for old men. And  Paul Thomas Anderson  for they will be blood. For no country for old men and  Paul Thomas Anderson  for they will be blood. For there will be blood land seller  Paul Thomas Anderson  and Daniel producers.', 'Cohen and -- Ethan Coen for no country for old men. And Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best original screenplay the nominees are. Diablo Cody for Juno. Nancy Oliver for Lars and the ', 'Joel Coen and Ethan -- for no country for old men and Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best foreign language film we have. From Israel. Both for. From Austria the counterfeiters. From Poland ', 'and -- Cohen producers. And there will be blood -- land seller Paul Thomas Anderson and Daniel -- -- producers. ', 'Webcast: The Making of Barack Obama, Illiteracy in America, American Idol...in Afghanistan?', 'his best acting Oscar. It seems to me that this sprang like a golden something out of the mad beautiful head of  Paul Thomas Anderson . The Cohen Brothers took the adapted screenplay award the original screenplay went to do knows Diablo Cody. A ', 'sprang like a golden something out of the mad beautiful head of Paul Thomas Anderson . The Cohen Brothers took the adapted screenplay award the original screenplay went to do knows Diablo Cody. A former exotic dancer. Most ']