['search examples: Miami Family Resorts, North East Fishing Lodges, All Inclusive Family Vacation', 'Nothing brings you closer or lets you experience your vacation more than quality video. ResortsandLodges.com offers one of the biggest and best collections online, with over 720 destination and property videos.', 'For over 10 years, ResortsandLodges.com has offered an exclusive collection of more than 28,000 Resorts, Hotels, Inns, and Vacation Rentals throughout North America, Mexico and The Caribbean.', "Don't leave your vacation to chance; book direct. Find the best rates and lodging selections through ResortsandLodges.com where you can research, plan and book directly at more than 28,000 properties.", 'Experience a vacation unlike any other where you can explore a destination that is virtually untouched by mankind; the breathtaking landscapes of Gateway, Colorado. Here, the sculptured rock and sandstone peaks of the Unaweep... more', 'The Northwoods Inn is an all-suite hotel that offers a quiet escape from everyday life on Main Street in Lake Placid. Its central location makes it an ideal New York getaway for families, friends, and couples looking for a fun and... more', '"The Springs Resort in Pagosa Springs, CO is one of our most favorite destinations. We visit at least..."', '"We all had such a great time - The rooms are awsome ,and so close to the water.The smaller kids enjo..."', '"Loved staying at this hotel. The condominium style rooms were much better than a standard hotel room..."', 'Get a weekly update of our best travel deals, articles, and top lists sent to your inbox.', 'Get a weekly update of our best travel deals, articles, and top lists sent to your inbox.', "These popular trips add both ease and inspiration to planning your perfect vacation. You'll find family vacations, romantic getaways and travel options dedicated to your favorite travel activities and accommodations - golf villas, beach resorts, ski lodges, resort condos, secluded cabins and much more!"]