['Magnolia." In fact, most of her struggling, highly dysfunctional characters would still seem quite at home in a  Paul Thomas Anderson  film. Favorite Tracks: "Disappeared" "Labrador" "Charmer" "Gumby" "Living a Lie" (featuring James Mercer ', 'benefit ourselves. Mann is adept at this kind of in-depth character-study. It\'s probably one of the reasons  Paul Thomas Anderson  chose her to score his 1999 opus, "Magnolia." She brilliantly illustrates people who are broken, and yet she ', 'here to read the full story \'It\'s Hard to Imagine What Else They Could Have Been Modeling This On\' Director  Paul Thomas Anderson  has downplayed "The Master\'s" connection to Scientology. At the Toronto International Film Festival, he reportedly ', 'Paul Thomas Anderson  has downplayed "The Master\'s" connection to Scientology . At the Toronto International Film Festival, he reportedly rolled ', 'Ferrell and Reilly have taken much different roads to fame. Reilly has starred in the critically acclaimed dramas of  Paul Thomas Anderson  ("Boogie Nights," "Magnolia") while Ferrell\'s impressions of President George W. Bush, James Lipton ', 'circuit ("Juno") in the Oscars exposes me to a bunch of filmmakers that are never ever gonna see "Hancock." Is  Paul Thomas Anderson ? Is Peter Weir?" As for a movie version of the TV show that brought him back to the spotlight, it\'s been ', 'Reitman ("Juno"), Tony Gilroy ("Michael Clayton"), Joel and Ethan Coen ("No Country for Old Men"),  Paul Thomas Anderson  ("There Will Be Blood") Who will win: Joel and Ethan Coen Who should win: Joel and Ethan Coen The Coen brothers ', "to thank the Hollywood Foreign Press for this honor. It's a wonderful year for movies. I'd like to thank  Paul Thomas Anderson , who made a great movie. When people make films, people put their guns down. It's an act of peace. They'll ", "The thespian plays an original Wild West oilman with an iron fist and an unquenchable thirst for black gold in  Paul Thomas Anderson 's epic Western. The movie's ominous-sounding, classical soundtrack was composed by Radiohead guitarist ", 'But then Lena (Emily Watson) falls in love with him. This is a genius romantic comedy. Twisted, but genius.  Paul Thomas Anderson , who won Best Director at Cannes, aims smaller than he did in Magnolia. But he goes deeper. So does Sandler ', "Chasing Amy and Clerks has had his share of controversy, having previously butted heads with Magnolia director  Paul Thomas Anderson  and having been targeted by religious groups over his satire Dogma. Smith's new film has already been protested ", "Chasing Amy and Clerks has had his share of controversy, having previously butted heads with Magnolia director  Paul Thomas Anderson  and having been targeted by religious groups over his satire Dogma. Smith's new film has already been protested ", "Chasing Amy and Clerks has had his share of controversy, having previously butted heads with Magnolia director  Paul Thomas Anderson  and having been targeted by religious groups over his satire Dogma. Smith's new film has already been protested ", 'Philip Seymour Hoffman plays a charismatic leader in the new  Paul Thomas Anderson  film.', "Here's everything you want a movie to be none of the usual Hollywood ball. And number one I'm choosing the master  Paul Thomas Anderson  be that I now. People throw things that mean they can be angry people that see this and don't like it really ", "of the usual Hollywood ball. And number one I'm choosing the master Paul Thomas Anderson -- be that I now. People throw things that mean they can be angry people that see this and don't like it ", "but everybody remembers you and you buy it there well there. And then. It becomes have yet I'm. So why is  Paul Thomas Anderson  me. Well I think he's. That he I don't know visas for these parts in the and that's in the and that was ", "And then. It becomes -- have -- yet I'm. So why is Paul Thomas Anderson me. Well I think he's. That he I don't know visas for these parts in the and that's in the and -- ", "actually wait for good. Well the first fall the first big when it opens is called the master written and directed by  Paul Thomas Anderson . Who I think is the top of the line of his generation of what's doing its stars Philip Seymour Hoffman. As ", "big when it opens is called the master written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson . Who I think is the top of the line of his generation of what's doing -- its stars Philip Seymour Hoffman. As ", "thing but it also has a familiar in terms of my personal favorite kind of Sandler comedy is He's worked with  Paul Thomas Anderson  yet struck it's a completely different thing when affair and then I think the best performances ever give in ", "my personal favorite kind of Sandler comedy is -- He's worked with Paul Thomas Anderson yet struck it's a completely different thing when affair and then I think the best performances ever give in -- in funny ", 'no country for old men. And  Paul Thomas Anderson  for they will be blood. For no country for old men and  Paul Thomas Anderson  for they will be blood. For there will be blood land seller  Paul Thomas Anderson  and Daniel producers.', 'Cohen and -- Ethan Coen for no country for old men. And Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best original screenplay the nominees are. Diablo Cody for Juno. Nancy Oliver for Lars and the ', 'Joel Coen and Ethan -- for no country for old men and Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best foreign language film we have. From Israel. Both for. From Austria the counterfeiters. From Poland ', 'and -- Cohen producers. And there will be blood -- land seller Paul Thomas Anderson and Daniel -- -- producers. ', 'Webcast: The Making of Barack Obama, Illiteracy in America, American Idol...in Afghanistan?', 'his best acting Oscar. It seems to me that this sprang like a golden something out of the mad beautiful head of  Paul Thomas Anderson . The Cohen Brothers took the adapted screenplay award the original screenplay went to do knows Diablo Cody. A ', 'sprang like a golden something out of the mad beautiful head of Paul Thomas Anderson . The Cohen Brothers took the adapted screenplay award the original screenplay went to do knows Diablo Cody. A former exotic dancer. Most ']