["was like collaborating with the prolific Mexican cinematographer Rodrigo Prieto , who's worked with everyone from  Pedro Almodovar  to Oliver Stone. Can you catch the Argentine accent? Just two years ago, while speaking with a Univision reporter ", 'The Latino Behind New York Film Festival Bids Farewell After 25 Years, Goes Out With a Bang', 'years, and knows more about world cinema than any of us will in three lifetimes. It is largely because of him that  Pedro Almodovar  broke through in the U.S. in 1988 with his Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown , which screened at the fest ', 'Bosnian language, could take home an award for best foreign-language film. She\'s got stiff competition though from  Pedro Almodovar  for "The Skin I Live In" and Zhang Yimou\'s "The Flowers of War." Best Television Series, Drama: \'Homeland ', 'set, since his parents got together playing ex-husband and wife in one of his movies. On that note, a copy of  Pedro Almodovar \'s "Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!" since it\'s the movie that inspired his mom to act. A baby disguise, since Penelope ', 'hell-bent on ridding her parish of a priest she suspects is up to no good, with Amy Adams playing a young nun.  Pedro Almodovar  gave us Sister Rosa, portrayed in "All about My Mother" by none other than his muse Penelope Cruz. Penelope Cruz ', 'addition to his work with the 34-year-old actress in his upcoming film "Broken Embraces," Spanish-born director  Pedro Almodovar  has worked with Cruz in the highly-acclaimed "Volver," in which she played a widow, and in "All About My Mother ', 'this newly released DVD. Joel Siegel says: "This is a great movie. Just simply a great movie." Volver (2006)  Pedro Almodovar \'s colorful tale of a resourceful Spanish mother and her daughter was a darling of the international film circuit ', 'Hispanics. Spain\'s Penelope Cruz is up for best actress for her role in "Volver," from legendary Spanish director  Pedro Almodovar . But three visionary Mexican directors might steal the show, and we should look out for them on their way to becoming ', 'be tutored by co-star Albert Finney, who plays his womanizing uncle. "Volver" -- Acclaimed Spanish director  Pedro Almodovar  reunites with leading lady Penelope Cruz in a tale about an abused woman. "Babel" -- One of the top films at Cannes ', 'as part of the "Brokeback" sweep. Iglesias, Spain\'s most sought-after composer, has scored the last five  Pedro Almodovar  films, and his work on "The Constant Gardener" featuring a well-placed cornucopia of world-music beats from ', 'The actress talks about her fourth film working with director  Pedro Almodovar .']