['summer\'s smaller counter-programming has included Ryan Coogler\'s devastating debut, "Fruitvale Station";  Richard Linklater \'s serial romance "Before Midnight"; an acclaimed rendition of Shakespeare from Joss Whedon ("Much Ado About ', 'summer\'s smaller counter-programming has included Ryan Coogler\'s devastating debut, "Fruitvale Station";  Richard Linklater \'s serial romance "Before Midnight"; an acclaimed rendition of Shakespeare from Joss Whedon ("Much Ado About ', 'other filters available on the MultiView MV800. Effects can be applied to video as well, so channel your inner  Richard Linklater  and create your own "Waking Life." The Funny Face feature is another fun option that lets users distort and warp ', 'with Matt Drudge and Arianna Huffington. I mean, for lack of a better description, I was one of the characters in  Richard Linklater \'s first film, "Slackers," you know? And in the Austin movie where they\'re walking, one random conversation ', 'heard bells" when he kissed them. But he may have met his match in Christian McKay who portrays Orson Welles in  Richard Linklater \'s "Me and Orson Welles." Efron and Linklater sat down together with ABC News Now\'s "Popcorn with Peter Travers ', 'widespread jeering. "Southland Tales," Richard Kelly\'s follow-up to "Donny Darko," failed to impress, as did  Richard Linklater \'s consumer satire "Fast Food Nation." And Sophia Coppola\'s "Marie-Antoinette" may have sent temperatures ', 'submission, which was handled by the film\'s international sales agents. "Fast Food Nation" -- Directed by  Richard Linklater , "Fast Food Nation" stars Patricia Arquette, Ethan Hawke and Greg Kinnear. It is a story, not just about the ', 'State, McConaughey got his first big break while attending the University of Texas and had a chance encounter with  Richard Linklater , who cast him in "Dazed and Confused," a movie that became a cult classic. But just a few days into filming ', 'you have to cover their eyes. This one you would have to cover their ears. I love Billy Bob and the director,  Richard Linklater , made my "10 best" list the last two years with "Before Sunset" and "School of Rock." But this one\'s too ', 'unveiled 14 new ads featuring actors and directors like Matt Damon, Scarlett Johansson, Kevin Bacon, Rob Reiner and  Richard Linklater . Two of the Moevon.org ads that offended the Bush campaign in the past include one showing an image of the Statue ', 'unlikely candidate to take on that challenge. But perhaps a bigger surprise is the talent behind the camera. Director  Richard Linklater  is best known for Slacker, SubUrbia and Dazed and Confused three independent films that take unflinching alcohol-and-drug-drenched ', "he needs a gig. Who'd a thunk he'd be a great teacher? Who'd a thunk this'd be a great movie? Director  Richard Linklater  has made some great independent films. He shows Hollywood how to go mainstream. The first thing he did right was ", "When we caught up with director  Richard Linklater  at this year's Sundance Film Festival for the world premiere of his free-association animated film, Waking Life, things got ", "Hi I'm Peter Travers and this is popcorn where we tell you what's going on at the movies and a major going on right now as a movie called me and Orson Welles which tells. A lot of secrets about a genius. The movie is directed by Richard later. And stars Zack Ephron. and Rick will be with us in just"]