['happened. And one of Weinstein\'s favored filmmakers,  Quentin Tarantino , director of films like the bloody Western "Django make fewer R-rated movies: "It\'s cool to be  Quentin Tarantino  ... But there\'s a bit of a disconnect between ', 'when you thought awards season ended with the Oscars, the nominees for the 2013 MTV Movie Awards were announced.  Quentin Tarantino \'s drama "Django Unchained" and Seth MacFarlane\'s comedy "Ted" are the leading nominees, with seven nods ', 'the night. Christoph Waltz claimed the award for his role in "Django Unchained." It was his second Oscar for a  Quentin Tarantino  film; his first was for Tarantino\'s "Inglorious Basterds." "Life of Pi," as expected, took the first technical ', 'in her choices. Consequently, she\'s more interesting to watch." Rubenstein said Washington, who starred in  Quentin Tarantino \'s "Django Unchained," nominated for Best Picture, seems to have grown into her looks and become more comfortable ', 'battle to get the 13th Amendment abolishing slavery passed through Congress. Whereas, in " Django Unchained ,"  Quentin Tarantino \'s slave-revenge western, the title character, played by Jamie Foxx , is a freed slave-turned-bounty hunter ', 'while addressing Ben Affleck, "I\'m from Boston too," she said. "You\'re not better than me." Fey called  Quentin Tarantino , "the star of all my sexual nightmares." She also joked that "The Hunger Games" was not just one of last year\'s ', 'and buzzed, in contrast to the bounty hunter character he plays in "Django Unchained," Waltz thanked director  Quentin Tarantino . "You entrusted me with this character and took me on a journey," he said. Live Blog: 2013 Golden Globes After ', 'Janvey, Lucas Joaquin, Paul Mezey, Matthew Parker, Josh Penn and Michael Raisler. Django Unchained Director:  Quentin Tarantino  Producers: William Paul Clark, Reginald Hudlin, Shannon McIntosh, Pilar Savone, Michael Shamberg, Stacey Sher ', 'nominees the wrong way. "Sometimes directors have a grudge against actors who direct," Scott said. 3. SNUB:  Quentin Tarantino . Another director who didn\'t make the cut, though his movie did: Tarantino. "Django Unchained" is up for ', 'A collection of dolls based on the characters in  Quentin Tarantino \'s slave revenge epic " Django Unchained " has the highly anticipated new film from prolific director  Quentin Tarantino  - comes this collection of poseable 8-inch figures ', 'Photo) See the full slideshow HERE 10:45 a.m. ET: TONIGHT on "Nightline": " Django Unchained " director  Quentin Tarantino  and its stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Jamie Foxx opened up about how difficult it was to work through the slavery film\'s ', "'Django Unchained' Decoded: Tarantino, DiCaprio, Foxx Say Film's Gory Plot Was 'Tough'", 'Django Unchained " director  Quentin Tarantino  and its stars Leonardo DiCaprio McFadden\'s exclusive interview with  Quentin Tarantino , Leonardo DiCaprio and Jamie You welcome the challenge of  Quentin Tarantino  saying, \'If you do it the ', 'its graphic depictions of torture. Django Unchained What Critics Are Saying: The majority of critics have praised  Quentin Tarantino \'s shoot \'em up Western about a freed slave turned bounty hunter. The Los Angeles Times called "Django Unchained ', 'This surprised me, guys. Django made number four on the list. This is not true. This is obviously inspired by  quentin tarantino \'s "django unchained." You and ali ahead of the curve. Harper. And this surprised me, as well. Catness ', 'on the list. This is not true. This is obviously inspired by quentin tarantino\'s "django unchained." You and ali ahead of the curve. Harper. And this surprised me, as well. Catness. All of the names, except ', 'produced documents on ptsd on soldiers and men and women who served in iraq. He was great on the big screen. From the  quentin tarantino  penned "true romance," to the cohen brothers black and white drama, "the man who wasn\'t there." Someday ', 'served in iraq. He was great on the big screen. From the quentin tarantino penned "true romance," to the cohen brothers black and white drama, "the man who wasn\'t there." Someday soon, you\'re going to have ', "chain were supposed to premiere in China today but the film is being yanked from theaters. The company that imported  Quentin Tarantino 's. Violet slave revenge saga. Is blaming it on a technical problem that refuses to go into more detail some are ", "but the film is being yanked from theaters. The company that imported Quentin Tarantino's . Violet slave revenge saga. Is blaming it on a technical problem that refuses to go into more detail -- some are saying ", 'The actor is out for blood in  Quentin Tarantino\'s  film "Inglourious Basterds."', 'Director Robert Rodriguez on his B-movie collaboration with  Quentin Tarantino .', "little he's now years in the porn kings publisher of the the hustler as you know me. He says he doesn't care for  Quentin Tarantino  movies can he wants and he never for a porno movie and he also said that if he had his choice he loves to get Jennifer ", "the hustler as you know me. He says he doesn't care for Quentin Tarantino movies can he wants and he never -- for a porno movie and he also said that if he had his choice ", 'christoph waltz, "jadjango unchain unchained." You can put it right there. You have won two oscars with  quentin tarantino . We participated in a hero\'s journey. The hero being quentin. Why is he a hero? A hero\'s journey is usually ', "You can put it right there. You have won two oscars with quentin tarantino . We participated in a hero's journey. The hero being quentin. Why is he a hero? A hero's journey is usually connected to "]