['I was sold. I needed to get to Nepal and check out parahawking. Little did I know the gravity of the situation.', 'This is all part of the reason Scott Mason started parahawking. Just as we have the ability to swim with the dolphins, Scott wanted people to feel close to and care about birds of prey especially given their current ecological situation. He is a falconer and bird enthusiast who started this business to prove that these birds of prey need our help so they do not become extinct.', 'From Doha I jumped over to Katmandu, Nepal. I arrived in the afternoon, greeted by Nick, Niels and our local guides and good friends Isabella and Jaime Messenger. We had a few hours before our next flight to Pokhara, Nepal, so we took a quick trip to the monkey temple. Here, we are made aware that it is Holi Day.', 'Tracy Jacobs is on staff and jumps right in, teaching us the morning routine. She starts by taking the birds out, weighs them, checks them for overall health and then puts them on an outdoor perch to absorb sun.', 'Tracey tells us that each of the birds have personalities. Kevin, the Egyptian vulture, is a little older and reminds Tracey of a grumpy old man. Bob, she sees as more of a teenager: He likes to sleep in. The Egyptian vulture is a very trusting bird.', 'Scott is a little like their father. First and foremost, he runs a rescue facility. When a bird is found in a compromised position, they always try to get it back into the wild if at all possible. If not possible, they give it the best life it can have.', 'With a fanny pack full of buffalo meat, we got hooked up to fly tandem. We start climbing the thermals (pockets of warm air rising from below) and so does Kevin. Then the whistle blows and 3, 2, 1, Kevin is on my arm and quickly takes the meat from my hand.', 'It is far less disgusting and much more fascinating then I could have imagined. The bones lying around is a bit eerie, the birds big and dinosaur like.', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.', 'Top Stories on ABC NewsSpain Train Crash Blamed on High SpeedPhotos:  Diane Kruger and Joshua Jackson Take Romantic HikeInside the Lives of American Sex SlavesWeiner: I Messaged up to 3 WomenHedge Fund SAC Capital Indicted for Insider TradingSubscribe ']