["are speculation about the movie's plot specifically it was a prequel to 1979 classic alien. That film directed by  Ridley Scott  also directing me as. Check out for yourself. I. So you decide let the debates began for me he has hits theaters ", 'was a prequel to -- 1979 classic alien. That film directed by Ridley Scott -- also directing me as. Check out for yourself. I. So ', "respectful to the other aliens but what I like being in  Ridley Scott 's head. When I remember him. You know pouring McCain It's like not prepared that I just had an image  Ridley Scott  and James Cameron and Roman Polanski and we are all ", "to the other aliens but what I -- -- like being in Ridley Scott's head. When I remember him. You know pouring McCain why Kelly on the face of the -- all of these things he ", "what happens. It's like not prepared that I just had an image Ridley Scott and James Cameron and Roman Polanski and we are all doing group hug with -- I think that. The that would be ", 'felt. appropriate to. Now 41 raised in both London and Chicago. Nolan has followed in the footsteps of his idols  Ridley Scott  and Steven Spielberg. With his multi of the cape crusaders adventures. Most vividly with 2000 eighths mega hit the ', 'London and Chicago. Nolan has followed in the footsteps of his idols Ridley Scott and Steven Spielberg. With his multi -- -- of the cape crusaders adventures. Most vividly with 2000 eighths mega hit the dark ', "you gotta have this funny glasses. I'm but they are using the same equipment here Jack's knees in the hottest in  Ridley Scott  east so look me he has but the photographer says get this 20000 dollars yeah. What's this union IMAX timing if you ", "are using the same equipment here Jack's knees in the hottest in Ridley Scott east so look me he has but the photographer says get this -- -- -- 20000 dollars yeah. What's this union IMAX ", "on the set of instruments of remember that they're tops three nights on camera. According to a deadline Director  Ridley Scott  will direct the couple in a film called the counselor about a lawyer gets caught up in the drug trade. Brad recently ", 'tops three nights on camera. According to a deadline -- -- Director Ridley Scott will direct the couple in a film called the counselor about a lawyer gets caught up in the drug trade. Brad recently ', "So you're going to in  Ridley Scott  movie this is your chance is very cooler and and experimental films produced by the gladiator director there called life and the ", "So you're going to -- in Ridley Scott movie this is your chance is very cooler and -- -- and experimental films produced by the gladiator director there called life ", 'the best yet schools descending from the trees in the Michael money that He had pictures fantastic scene. told that  Ridley Scott  Russell Crowe spoke again. Tale for our time Robin returned from the who in the Middle East to a country. Beyond robbing ', 'that He had pictures fantastic scene. -- -- -- -- told that Ridley Scott Russell Crowe spoke again. Tale for our time Robin returned from the -- who -- in the Middle East to a country. ', 'the film will document just one day July 24. Kevin MacDonald who directed the last king of Scotland will direct and  Ridley Scott  who directed gladiator will be the producer. The film will premier at the Sundance Film Festival in January and be ', 'Kevin MacDonald who directed the last king of Scotland will direct and Ridley Scott who directed gladiator will be the producer. The film will premier at the Sundance Film Festival in January and be -- simultaneously ', 'footage of their daily lives for its life and a day project. The film will document just one day July 24. Director  Ridley Scott  will be to producer Kevin MacDonald who directed the last king of Scotland will and cuddled together. The premiere ', 'day project. The film will document just one day July 24. Director Ridley Scott will be to producer Kevin MacDonald who directed the last king of Scotland will -- and cuddled together. The -- premiere at ', "it. So what is the concept of this experiment. to  Ridley Scott  and Kevin MacDonald's I have decided to collaborate that this shall be made it. By Kevin MacDonald and  Ridley Scott  who are incredible filmmakers who will. Look at all ", "And it. So what is the concept of this experiment. -- to Ridley Scott and Kevin MacDonald's I have decided to collaborate and creating a Wendy. Portrait of what the secrets like to be human being ", 'I think that this shall be made it. By Kevin MacDonald and Ridley Scott who are incredible filmmakers who will. Look at all these disparate. Pieces of the puzzle and then hold the ones out and ', 'want them. Today and the webcast  Ridley Scott  He talks about body of lies his news now sat down with director  Ridley Scott . Talk about these two. Major it. Just immediately distance  Ridley Scott  the director Peter Travers having ', 'news available any time anywhere you want them. Today and the webcast Ridley Scott He talks about body of lies his latest film spy thriller for the age of terror starting a Leonardo DiCaprio Russell Crowe. ', 'who post popcorn here on ABC news now sat down with director Ridley Scott . Talk about these two. Major characters in the movie played by Leonardo DiCaprio and Russell Crowe says a little bit about who ', "have you due to Medea and it. Just immediately distance -- -- Ridley Scott the director -- Peter Travers having that chats so his body of lies worth seeing. Well here's what time out new York ", "is He coming out with what he's back all over the place He has a thriller called body of lies in this directed by  Ridley Scott . In which He co stars with Russell Crowe. CIA. Lot of and gather. But DiCaprio told me that He found this appealing ", 'He has a thriller called body of lies in this directed by Ridley Scott . In which He co stars with Russell Crowe. CIA. Lot of -- and gather. But DiCaprio told me that He found this ', "momentum there and she's picking up a lot of critics awards as well. Best director Tim Burton and Cohen Julian Schnabel  Ridley Scott  Joseph Wright but we have on the phone Christina Applegate because we know television is also. Nominated and Christina ", 'as well. Best director Tim Burton -- and -- Cohen Julian Schnabel Ridley Scott Joseph Wright but we have on the phone Christina Applegate because we know television is also. Nominated and Christina was nominated for ', "about our country good start. This is an ad that manipulates one of the more famous commercials in the last few decades  Ridley Scott 's ad for apple in 1984. And replaces the head of the character you might call Big Brother with Hillary Clinton's ", "manipulates one of the more famous commercials in the last few decades Ridley Scott's ad for apple in 1984. And replaces the head of the character you might call Big Brother with -- Hillary Clinton's. The ", "three out. Denzel giving I think the best movie performances ever given Harlem a drug king in the seventies true story  Ridley Scott  directing. Russell Crowe as a good guy he's the throwing any phones you know it's a really good throughout this ", "ever given -- Harlem a drug king in the seventies true story Ridley Scott directing. Russell Crowe as a good guy he's the throwing any phones you know it's -- a really good throughout this whole ", "Doing romantic comedy I all the movies he's made he's never made a romantic crime comedy before. It was directed by  Ridley Scott  they did. Gladiator to get if he's never made a romantic comedy before I figured out why they made this film. not ", "he's never made a romantic crime comedy before. It was directed by Ridley Scott they did. Gladiator to get if he's never made a romantic comedy before I figured out why they made this film. -- "]