['continue telling the story. He turned it into an e-book, which is now selling extremely well. Hollywood director  Ridley Scott  has since bought the movie rights. Howey\'s book, "Silo," will be sold in German bookstores starting this week ', 'Colombia, it was crazy. The result is really funny, so it was worth it." Leguizamo has also been working on the new  Ridley Scott  film, " The Counselor ", whose cast is as amazing as the guy who wrote it (Cormac McCarthy). Leguizamo is working ', "storytelling with intricate visual effects, and De Montreuil is blessed with the faculty to do both. Even the great  Ridley Scott  couldn't pull it off in this year's highly anticipated Prometheus . If given the chance, De Montreuil could become ", "From Frankenstein's Monster to Dracula: The Creatures That Shaped Guillermo Del Toro's Imagination", "distortions of our imagination, and our untamed appetites. But it can also remind us of the awesome power of nature.  Ridley Scott 's Alien Even though many creatures and their archenemy heroes are often depicted as strong masculine figures, Scott's ", 'with the Oscar-winning actor. He also formed a production company with his older brother, producer and director  Ridley Scott , which produced the CBS dramas "NUMB3RS," "The Good Wife" and the 2012 blockbuster "Prometheus." Hollywood ', 'Man on Fire," "Deja Vu," and "The Taking of Pelham 123." Scott was the brother of producer and director  Ridley Scott . Together, the brothers formed their own production company, Scott Free Productions. Their company produced the ', '60.4 million debut domestically and $75.5 million internationally, for a worldwide debut of $135.9 million.  Ridley Scott \'s alien saga "Prometheus" follows with $50 million domestically. Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC NEWS ', 'Century Fox/AP. Anyone who\'s been paying attention to the evolution of "Prometheus" has been hearing director  Ridley Scott , the actors and almost anybody else involved in the production, say it\'s not a prequel to "Alien," but instead ', 'battles. Opens June 1. Prometheus One of the most buzzed-about films, "Prometheus" is the fourth installment in  Ridley Scott \'s "Alien" franchise. A whole new crew, led by Hollywood "It" guy Michael Fassbender, who is joined by Idris ', 'Kerry Brown/Twentieth Century Fox A new trailer for  Ridley Scott \'s "Alien" prequel "Prometheus" hit the Internet, and it\'s the most intense yet. This latest sneak peek gives more detail ', '2.5 million during his game show run. Famous Birthdays 1835 Mark Twain 1874 Winston Churchill 1929 Dick Clark 1937  Ridley Scott  1943 Terrence Malick 1947 David Mamet 1955 Billy Idol 1959 Cherie Currie 1962 Bo Jackson 1965 Ben Stiller 1969 Amy ', 'a Day," a film making its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival. Last summer, Macdonald and executive producer  Ridley Scott  asked anyone who was willing to grab a video camera and record their lives on a single day, Saturday, July 24. Over ', "Saturday, July 24 very well may become the best-documented day in history. That's because filmmakers  Ridley Scott  and Kevin MacDonald are calling on YouTube users around the world to document their lives on this innocuous summer day, and they're ", "I'm Peter Travers and this is popcorn where we tell you what's happening at the movies and we just showed you from  Ridley Scott 's permit it from the easiest Not permit if for me And it may or may not be a prequel to alien but I know Michael fast ", "happening at the movies and we just showed you -- -- from Ridley Scott's permit it from the easiest -- -- Not permit if -- for me -- And it may or may not be a ", "are speculation about the movie's plot specifically it was a prequel to 1979 classic alien. That film directed by  Ridley Scott  also directing me as. Check out for yourself. I. So you decide let the debates began for me he has hits theaters ", 'was a prequel to -- 1979 classic alien. That film directed by Ridley Scott -- also directing me as. Check out for yourself. I. So ', "respectful to the other aliens but what I like being in  Ridley Scott 's head. When I remember him. You know pouring McCain It's like not prepared that I just had an image  Ridley Scott  and James Cameron and Roman Polanski and we are all ", "to the other aliens but what I -- -- like being in Ridley Scott's head. When I remember him. You know pouring McCain why Kelly on the face of the -- all of these things he ", "what happens. It's like not prepared that I just had an image Ridley Scott and James Cameron and Roman Polanski and we are all doing group hug with -- I think that. The that would be ", 'felt. appropriate to. Now 41 raised in both London and Chicago. Nolan has followed in the footsteps of his idols  Ridley Scott  and Steven Spielberg. With his multi of the cape crusaders adventures. Most vividly with 2000 eighths mega hit the ', 'London and Chicago. Nolan has followed in the footsteps of his idols Ridley Scott and Steven Spielberg. With his multi -- -- of the cape crusaders adventures. Most vividly with 2000 eighths mega hit the dark ', "you gotta have this funny glasses. I'm but they are using the same equipment here Jack's knees in the hottest in  Ridley Scott  east so look me he has but the photographer says get this 20000 dollars yeah. What's this union IMAX timing if you ", "are using the same equipment here Jack's knees in the hottest in Ridley Scott east so look me he has but the photographer says get this -- -- -- 20000 dollars yeah. What's this union IMAX "]