['Hotlips Houlihan, B.J. Hunnicut, Col. Potter, Winchester and Clinger for the last time. Inspired by the 1970  Robert Altman  film of the same name, M*A*S*H premiered Sept. 17, 1972, and followed the staff of a hospital in South Korea ', 'Keystone/Getty Images The classic TV series M*A*S*H celebrates its 40th anniversary today. Inspired by the 1970  Robert Altman  film of the same name, M*A*S*H premiered September 17, 1972 and followed the staff of a hospital in South Korea ', 'Heartbreak Kid," was one of an A List of American authors and actors that included Norman Mailer, Gay Talese,  Robert Altman , Woody Allen, Peter Maas and Jim Harrison who made Elaine\'s Restaurant a second home. Her table was the place ', "host Jimmy Gator) and played government officials in Air Force One and The Rock. He also had a solo performance in  Robert Altman 's 1984 Secret Honor, a fictional look at Richard Nixon's life after the White House. He has not been on Law ", 'so, and he was always open to comments." She shakes her head in obvious admiration. Alan Rudolph was mentored by  Robert Altman , with whom, notably, Neve has worked twice. But most remarkably, she convinced him to direct a project she had ', 'president has previously turned up as a character in numerous works, including motion pictures by Oliver Stone and  Robert Altman , a play by Gore Vidal, John Adams\' opera, "Nixon in China," and at least 20 episodes of "The Simpsons." In ', 'said. Lohan\'s e-mail came just weeks after she released an odd statement in response to the death of director  Robert Altman , whom she worked with in "A Prairie Home Companion." It\'s "as if I\'ve just had the wind knocked out of me ', "with (and garner praise from) some of Hollywood's top directors -- Steven Spielberg, Clint Eastwood and the late  Robert Altman  to name a few. She's also been keeping very busy. Besides the new Lynch opus, Dern has recently wrapped films ", 'that earned her $7.5 million, making her one of the top-paid actresses in Hollywood. Lohan also appeared in  Robert Altman \'s "A Prairie Home Companion," acting alongside Meryl Streep and Lily Tomlin. But both those films opened to mixed ', 'loses her Midas touch. A bigger test is likely to come with her supporting role in "A Prairie Home Companion," a  Robert Altman  film based on Garrison Keillor\'s radio show. "\'Lovebug\' [\'Fully Loaded\'] delivered solidly," O\'Neil said ', "language barrier. Whenever they didn't understand a question, they all just looked at each other and laughed.  Robert Altman  was asked about doing a gay film, he said there's man-and-man, man-and-woman, and woman-and-woman ", 'shortcuts and even Gosford Park. The director of all of them has died.  Robert Altman  was 81 an earlier this year he won the lifetime achievement award decide this scene should be. Okay shall see it on the legacy of  Robert Altman  thanks.', 'and even Gosford Park. The director of all of them has died. Robert Altman was 81 an earlier this year he won the -- lifetime achievement award for more on his life and works for joined ', "engine and right at the top today's rising searches.  Robert Altman  the director once said. I've never had to direct bat that day at that at that that I. Meryl said of  Robert Altman  today what a what a guy what a great heart there is ", "world's leading search engine and right at the top today's rising searches. Robert Altman the director once said. I've never had to direct a film I didn't choose or developed no other filmmaker has gotten a ", 'day at that at that -- that I. Meryl -- said of Robert Altman today what a -- what a guy what a great heart there is no one like him and we will miss him ', "that's very very rare and lucky that it is like that with David Lynch and working with John offend and the working  Robert Altman  Paul like there are these people who just embrace you and let me just who. who is it that you're actually so eager ", "with David Lynch and working with John offend and the working -- Robert Altman Paul like there are these people who just embrace you and let me just who. -- who is it that you're actually ", "everybody hangs out all the time yeah and nobody dispersants after works. They had tanks and and please give just won the  Robert Altman  award. And I congratulate these settlements the real thing at that Yes singing it's I never thought I would and ", "after works. They had tanks and and please give just won the Robert Altman award. And I congratulate -- these settlements -- the real thing at that -- -- -- Yes singing it's I never thought ", "It's not but it. It's pretty chilly yes it I think I think that we would be like psychological thriller writer  Robert Altman  acts and this is we should the You know out yes about a girl who's been in cult yes Bennett a COLT. Really no good ", "I think I think that we would be like psychological thriller writer Robert Altman acts and this is we should -- the -- You know -- out yes about a girl who's been in -- cult ", "also have to mention the loss  Robert Altman 's Navajo was. It's not mourned its life to be celebrated  Robert Altman  died at 81 when the absolutely approach to the wonderful author  Robert Altman  did dyeing her yesterday.", "they were better this -- we also have to mention the loss Robert Altman's Navajo -- was. It's not. A loss to be mourned its life to be celebrated Robert Altman died at 81 when the -- absolutely great. Directors. He. His most important achievement I think was pioneering independent. He showed two ", 'men and daring and personal approach to -- -- the wonderful author Robert Altman did dyeing her -- yesterday. ', "Hopeful Mike into walkie talkie film you but I love kind of chaos that day. And well Lou the film community's loss  Robert Altman  you had a chance to work with him so how his genius different. Than David's or different than. In house Alexander ", "kind of chaos that day. And well Lou the film community's loss Robert Altman you had a chance to work with him so how -- his genius different. Than David's or different than. In house -- "]