["Popcorn with Peter Travers:Andy Serkis is the Gollum in Peter Jackson's The Hobbit", 'Director  Peter Jackson  and "The Hobbit" characters appear in in-flight film for Air New Zealand.', 'Warner Bros. releases new trailer for the first film in the  Peter Jackson -directed trilogy.', 'Popcorn with Peter Travers:Andy Serkis on being a performance capture specialist', "this is that he and it I felt so much. And best of luck with so you I think you know the probably the next thing will happen and  Peter Jackson 's estate you do that this you. You do however I got to Vegas at various law in the it's.", "I think you know the probably the next thing will happen and Peter Jackson's estate you do that this you. You do however I got to Vegas at various law in the it's. ", "get two more is the hot and unexpected journey. This is  Peter Jackson  this is the idea that he did. But Lord of the Rings trilogy to hear a little bit with Lord of the Rings kind of trust  Peter Jackson  when he's working in mission. All people in the fall where ", 'gonna get two more is the hot and unexpected journey. This is Peter Jackson this is the idea that he did. But Lord of the Rings trilogy won the Oscar made more money -- more -- ', "a little bit with Lord of the Rings -- kind of trust Peter Jackson when he's working in mission. All people in the fall where always in a musical move we always want song we always ", "get right and if you're a fan of the listen up it eight years now since the last quarter of the rings film and finally.  Peter Jackson  has released a tantalizing trailer for the long awaited online sir Ian McKellen back as Gandalf ate lunch at the And Martin ", 'years now since the last quarter of the rings film and finally. Peter Jackson has released a tantalizing trailer for the long awaited -- online sir Ian McKellen back as Gandalf ate lunch at the -- ', "Stars came out to experience the event at today's special I'm a huge  Peter Jackson  because.  Peter Jackson  is a great big nerd and fan just like me. I loved  Peter Jackson  and I his stuff is so visual on his. His is material on papers also ", "out to experience the event at today's special -- I'm a huge Peter Jackson -- because. Peter Jackson is a great big nerd and fan -- just like me. I loved Peter Jackson and I -- his stuff is so visual on his. His is material on papers also so beautifully so wonderful. Wonderful creator of Chicago is so real in that Peter Jackson movie that I went there I've actually the president doesn't really really really exist. This is George knock you reporting -- ABC ", "season so a major going on right now is  Peter Jackson 's adaptation. Of the galaxy best I was fourteen so it's. Magic.  Peter Jackson  will be with us in just a minute along people. And it said the lovely bones.  Peter Jackson 's. Adaptation of the Alice T novel ", "this is awards season so a major going on right now is Peter Jackson's adaptation. Of the galaxy -- best seller. The lovely bones and I was fourteen so it's. Magic. Peter Jackson will be with us in just a minute along with the star of the movie -- -- but first let's take a ", "time because world -- of people. And it said the lovely bones. Peter Jackson's . Adaptation of the Alice T -- novel about a girl who is raped and murdered period. Isn't that so that I Christmas ", "another actress getting a lot of searches Evangeline Lilly who will apparently be joining the cast of the new public movie from  Peter Jackson  the former star from ABC's lost. Some people checking out what she might be up to you in that movie which character she ", "will apparently be joining the cast of the new public movie from Peter Jackson the former star from ABC's lost. Some people checking out what she might be up to you in that -- movie which ", 'And then. I had heard oh  Peter Jackson  was here to that you have. Ahead. Talk to an FBI profiler. What was that about. In a guy named John Douglas who literally wrote ', 'And then. I had heard oh -- Peter Jackson was here to that you have. Ahead. Talk to an FBI profiler. What was that about. In a guy named John Douglas ', "deal or did it take some convincing. I think I think you're seeing more more big name actors. Really getting involved.  Peter Jackson  saying he's having more fun playing video games and watching movies now and I think I think the reality is that games that ", "-- -- you're seeing more more big name actors. Really getting involved. Peter Jackson saying he's having more fun playing video games and watching movies now and I think I think the reality is that -- ", 'picture nominees for 2009. Are. Avatar James Cameron John that land out producers. The blind side not. District nine  Peter Jackson  and Caroline Cunningham producers. An education the knowledge the wire and Amanda Posey producers. The Hurt Locker nominees ', 'John that land out producers. The blind side not. -- District nine Peter Jackson and Caroline Cunningham producers. An education the knowledge the wire and Amanda Posey producers. The Hurt Locker nominees to be determined. In ', 'reported. In all over the last two months almost seven million Sony batteries have been recall. Also rising today Halo Wars  Peter Jackson  the acclaimed director of the lord of the ring try a trilogy is diving. Into the game world he signed a deal with Microsoft ', 'seven million Sony batteries have been recall. Also rising today Halo Wars Peter Jackson the acclaimed director of the lord of the ring try a trilogy is diving. Into the game world he -- signed a ', 'reported. In all over the last two months almost seven million Sony batteries have been recall. Also rising today Halo Wars  Peter Jackson  the acclaimed director of the lord of the ring try a trilogy is diving. the game world he has signed deal with Microsoft ', 'seven million Sony batteries have been recall. Also rising today Halo Wars Peter Jackson the acclaimed director of the lord of the ring try a trilogy is diving. -- the game world he has signed -- ']