['produced documents on ptsd on soldiers and men and women who served in iraq. He was great on the big screen. From the  quentin tarantino  penned "true romance," to the cohen brothers black and white drama, "the man who wasn\'t there." Someday ', 'served in iraq. He was great on the big screen. From the quentin tarantino penned "true romance," to the cohen brothers black and white drama, "the man who wasn\'t there." Someday soon, you\'re going to have ', "chain were supposed to premiere in China today but the film is being yanked from theaters. The company that imported  Quentin Tarantino 's. Violet slave revenge saga. Is blaming it on a technical problem that refuses to go into more detail some are ", "but the film is being yanked from theaters. The company that imported Quentin Tarantino's . Violet slave revenge saga. Is blaming it on a technical problem that refuses to go into more detail -- some are saying ", 'The actor is out for blood in  Quentin Tarantino\'s  film "Inglourious Basterds."', 'Director Robert Rodriguez on his B-movie collaboration with  Quentin Tarantino .', "little he's now years in the porn kings publisher of the the hustler as you know me. He says he doesn't care for  Quentin Tarantino  movies can he wants and he never for a porno movie and he also said that if he had his choice he loves to get Jennifer ", "the hustler as you know me. He says he doesn't care for Quentin Tarantino movies can he wants and he never -- for a porno movie and he also said that if he had his choice ", 'christoph waltz, "jadjango unchain unchained." You can put it right there. You have won two oscars with  quentin tarantino . We participated in a hero\'s journey. The hero being quentin. Why is he a hero? A hero\'s journey is usually ', "You can put it right there. You have won two oscars with quentin tarantino . We participated in a hero's journey. The hero being quentin. Why is he a hero? A hero's journey is usually connected to ", "five what happened to Ben Affleck. For aren't. Isn't that supposed to be a big shot movie. What happened to  Quentin Tarantino  for change. Wasn't he supposed to be nominated. And what happened to of people Kathryn Bigelow for zero dark ", "Isn't that supposed to be a big shot movie. What happened to Quentin Tarantino for -- -- change. Wasn't he supposed to be nominated. And what happened to of -- people Kathryn Bigelow for zero dark ", "you've got Tom Hooper. Who directed which a lot of people love. Tom is is also shut out from restaurant. to  Quentin Tarantino 's Django. all horror movies are up for best picture go figure. Academy can be fickle instead the blockbusters ", "Tom -- is -- is also shut out from restaurant. -- to Quentin Tarantino's Django. -- all horror movies are up for best picture go figure. Academy can be fickle instead -- the blockbusters to small ", 'for the yeah. For best original screenplay the nominees are. John gains for flight. bolt for zero dark thirty.  Quentin Tarantino  offered jingle Michael for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola for kingdom. best achievement in directing ', 'nominees are. John gains for flight. -- bolt for zero dark thirty. Quentin Tarantino offered jingle -- -- Michael -- -- for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola for -- -- kingdom. -- best ', "John Dayton's for flight. for zero dark thirty.  Quentin Tarantino  jingle and chains. Michael Hanna for a more. And is beautifully directed by Ang Lee. I chains but  Quentin Tarantino . Again all of this great I'm saying to you it's ", "nominees are. John Dayton's for flight. -- -- for zero dark thirty. Quentin Tarantino -- jingle and chains. Michael Hanna -- for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola -- -- -- kingdom. For best ", "which is beautifully directed by Ang Lee. I -- -- chains but Quentin Tarantino . Again all of this great I'm saying to you it's coming down to Lincoln. And -- Lincoln may -- -- up there ", 'final draft. For best original screenplay. The nominees are. John gains for flight. bolt for zero dark thirty.  Quentin Tarantino  jingle and change. Michael Hanna for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola for kingdom. For best achievement ', 'nominees are. John gains for flight. -- bolt for zero dark thirty. Quentin Tarantino -- jingle and change. Michael Hanna -- for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola for -- -- kingdom. For best ', "And on its way to becoming the most successful  Quentin Tarantino  movie at the box office. But his rave reviews have the best but most controversial movies of the year  Quentin Tarantino 's. Go unchanged I sat down with Tarantino in two ", "Globe nominations. And -- on its way to becoming the most successful Quentin Tarantino movie at the box office. But his rave reviews have been accompanied by plenty of criticism well tonight a special preview of our exclusive Nightline -- of him. It is one of the best -- but most controversial movies of the year Quentin Tarantino's . Go unchanged -- -- I sat down with Tarantino in two of the film's stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Jamie Foxx for their ", "course that is a direct shot. The fellow director  Quentin Tarantino  and of course no stranger to technology no stranger alliance and there's a bit of history there between  Quentin Tarantino  and Spike Lee combination. Somehow Spike found time ", "honor them of course that is a direct shot. The fellow director Quentin Tarantino and of course -- -- no stranger to technology -- no stranger to controversy. And of course he's he's also said some ", "in this alliance and there's a bit of history there between -- Quentin Tarantino and Spike Lee combination. Somehow Spike -- found time to get into this controversy while sitting courtside watching the New York Knicks ", "they do love movie stars of course so they definitely want it and they there they love  Quentin Tarantino . And who doesn't want to sit next to  Quentin Tarantino  car. So much fun he's. You know I mean who wouldn't want to be there with and ", "so they definitely want it and they -- -- there they love Quentin Tarantino . And who doesn't want to sit next to Quentin Tarantino car. So much fun he's. -- You know I mean who wouldn't want to be there with -- and you want him ", "Kevin Pollak Interview on new book 'How I Slept My Way to the Middle, and Hollywood Poker", "their hands and feet signature instrument can rent. And so I was asked to be one of the two speakers that is because  Quentin Tarantino  directed him pulp fiction other hand had never met Christopher So I was honored by couldn't help wonder how the ", "was asked to be one of the two speakers that is because Quentin Tarantino directed him pulp fiction -- -- other hand had never met Christopher -- So I was honored by couldn't help wonder how ", "that I see now that I wanna get my hands around is  Quentin Tarantino 's Django unchained. I mean this is the guy last me hop on my list of the blockbusters Iowa City.  Quentin Tarantino 's. Django and to give a moments in time. Two ", "-- -- see now that I wanna get my hands around is Quentin Tarantino's Django unchained. I mean this is the guy last time brought -- in glorious bastards -- I can watch again and again ", "-- to me hop on my list of the blockbusters Iowa City. Quentin Tarantino's . Django and to give a moments in time. Two movies that show every indication ups and sucking in a major way. I ", 'contractors of America. So when you working with a specific filmmaker before we started we had a little conversation about  Quentin Tarantino  and and what goes on on his what was that. Can you tell that story about what happens when you know. When Europe ', 'a specific filmmaker before we started we had a little conversation about Quentin Tarantino and and what goes on on his -- -- what was that. Can you tell that story about what happens when you ', 'for in to kill bill that I had done action. Com they kill definitely was intense and it was wonderful working with  Quentin Tarantino  Thurmond and in the late David Carradine as well tales. And this is Quin Tarantino just one of those guys who gets ', 'they kill -- definitely was intense and it was wonderful working with Quentin Tarantino -- Thurmond and in the late David Carradine as well tales. And this is Quin Tarantino just one of those guys who ', "opens in theaters this Friday with epic Oscar nominations at Hollywood get Twitter. The morning is if you think you're gonna get one you know I get a referendum for one and I hope He gets and  Quentin Tarantino  movie glory later yeah.", 'get a referendum for one and I hope -- He gets and Quentin Tarantino movie glory later -- yeah. ']