['Melanie and Bud Billings were the locally celebrated parents of seventeen children, thirteen of them adopted, many with a variety of disabilities and special needs. Nine of the children, ages four through eleven, were home when the masked intruders, wearing ninja-like garb, arrived in the fading daylight in a van and burst into the Billings residence. ', 'That it was not a fairy tale we all now know. But to understand the gravity of the story it will help to meet this remarkable young woman:', 'Her name is Ashley Markham. She is talking about her mother and father, Melanie and Bud Billings.', 'Melanie Billings was just 17 when she had Ashley, and just 19 when her second daughter, Nikki, was born. ', "Around 1990, when she was 25, Melanie met a man who was a big success in the used car business around Pensacola. Bud Billings was 23 years Melanie's senior. But it didn't seem to matter: ", 'Keith Morrison: Did you ever know this was something that would happen, that they would keep adopting kids? ', 'And thus their big house became the refuge and salvation of children whose lives had once been marked for pain and deprivation. And of course they could not know, enveloped here in the security of a loving family, that a red van was coming- that authorities say would take it all away.', 'Ashley Markham: They knew that they could take care of a child with special needs, and that a child with special needs would fulfill them. And this baby was born for them.', 'Ashley Markham: It was within a year. And he was the first baby with Downs Syndrome. ', "And before each placement, the Billings had to undergo rigorous home placement studies. Ashley Markham's spokeswoman attorney Crystal Spencer:", 'By the end of 2005, the family was locally famous. It was Christmas Day, when The Pensacola News Journal ran its big spread on the billings. Melanie told the paper she and Bud savor every moment: "You never know when you won\'t have this time." Gheir houseful of special needs children was everything to them, they said.', "Ashley Markham: They didn't see it as there's something wrong with those children. They saw it as, those were their perfect children and that it was everyday life to them.", "Friends found it hard to believe how calm and organized life was at the Billings.' or how hard Melanie and Bud had to work to make it that way: ", 'Robbi Jones not only knew the family well; she and her partner James Samuels were essentially adopted by the Billings, too. Robbi and James were strangers in town and down on their luck when they met Bud Billings --- bought a car from him.', 'Robbi Jones: And we really didn\'t have time. And he said, you know what? I\'m gonna bring you out to where I live at. He said,"Y\'all are gonna live with me."', 'Kathryn Colbert: Which was very interesting. Because they were telling about the children that they adopt and take care of. And I thought that was wonderful.', 'Crystal Spencer: Bud believed that rightfully or wrongly, that by copyrighting their names, it would provide a level of privacy for the family. And Bud and Melanie wanted to protect these children. They wanted to be their voice.', 'Melanie and Bud Billings woke up the morning of Thursday, July 9th, at their big house in the woods. Later, Ashley was driving along a nearby highway, and for the fourth time that day called her mother.', 'Robbi Jones: As they were bringing the children out, I ran up and would grab a child and run back to the driveway and hand the child off.', 'Melanie and Bud were in the living room, dragged into their bedroom, one of the men, according to authorities, shot them multiple times. Nine-millimeter shell casings littered the floor.', 'Reporter Mike Rush of NBC affiliate WPMI-TV first thought this was a typical home invasion:', "Sheriff David Morgan: We are very anxious to share this story and the nation, if you will. It's going to be a humdinger, I'll tell you that. ", 'At the center of the media fire storm, the sheriff of Escambia County, Florida, David Morgan: ', 'Sheriff David Morgan: We had a tremendous break with the fairly sophisticated video system that the family had in place.', 'Sheriff David Morgan: We determined quickly from call-ins who the van was sold to."', 'Kathryn Colbert: And then sometimes he would get on, try to get on his bicycle and fall and stuff, you know. ', 'Turns out, according to the sheriff, that others arrested in the killings rendezvoused that night at a property Long-Wiggins owns in Gulf Breeze, Florida, and at her home.', 'Was there a second undisclosed safe in the house with lots of money in it, or was this something else altogether? Was this possibly a hit?', 'Keith Morrison: Because they believed there was something of great value in that house, which they could take?', "Keith Morrison: Or because the home invasion robbery was intended to cover up the rubbing out of somebody's enemy?", 'On July 17th, eight days after the murder, they buried Bud and Melanie Billings. The funeral was held in there, beyond the crowd of the mourners and the still shocked and the ever curious. A private service for family, which laid the Billings to rest, but not the ever-growing list of questions. The first, from their daughter, Ashley Markham:', "At a Pensacola gentleman's club whose owner used to work for Bud, there's a sign that pays tribute to the Billings. It turns out two decades ago, Bud was also part owner of a strip club, though the club and his connections to the business are long gone..", "Outzen has been reporting for weeks the murders were a contract hit, and stem from bad blood in Bud Billings' used car finance deals: ", "Rick Outzen: What we are seeing is that there's a relationship, that this hit is tied to people owing Billings money and either not wanting to pay it anymore, or unable to pay it anymore.", "Bill Eddins: It's always been my position that this was primarily a home invasion robbery, and that that was a primary motive. However, as I indicated before, our office will review and examine and consider all other possibilities.", "Rick Outzen: Henry Cabel Tice or Cab Tice is a well known wholesaler and retailer of used cars in this market. He bought a dealership from Bud Billings. We know that Patrick Gonzalez, Jr., who's the alleged shooter of Bud and Melanie Billings, worked for Cab Tice right around '99, 2000.", "Since the murders of Bud and Melanie Billings, the questions haven't stopped: Why the Billings? Who might have wanted them dead? Consider the information now bubbling to the surface:", "Sheriff David Morgan: Tonight at the Escambia County Sheriff's office interviewed Mr. Henry Cab Tice in relation to the ongoing Bud and Melanie Billings and their murder.", "He didn't have to do this, but volunteered to answer any and all questions.To fight back:", "Keith Morrison: The name Cab Tice keeps coming up, that you're the guy who somehow is behind all of this.", 'Bud and I were friends for years until our business relationship fell apart, and our friendship fell apart.', 'Cab Tice: Well, we all assumed that when he built his 7,500 square foot house, he kept it there. And they went in to kill any witnesses that could testify against them or witness against them. ', 'Tice says alleged triggerman Gonzalez, Jr., also knew Bud Billings might have cash around because Gonzalez asked Bud for a $7,000 loan:', 'Keith Morrison: The briefcase full of money, which Patrick woulda known about, also.', "Ashley Markham says she's heard nothing about any I.R.S. investigation into her father's affairs.", 'In fact, says Tice, he now realizes that when Gonzales tried to borrow a van from him before the murders.', 'Cab Tice: I think when he came to the lot he was trying to get a van from me to set me up. ', 'Did Bud and Melanie die in a murder for hire? Or a straight home invasion robbery? Whatever the answer, Ashley Markham, at least, knows what she must be: to nine special needs children their one and only - for a lifetime - mother. Good thing, says Ashley, that her own mother is - somehow - still here.']