['errors, not to mention uncertainty in future climate forcing, prevent us from answering the question at present."  Michael Mann , Director, Earth System Science Center, Pennsylvania State University "The soon-to-be-breached atmospheric ', 'player Peyton Manning and the chance to be in a movie scene with "Thor" star Chris Hemsworth in a film directed by  Michael Mann . Read more: Apple CEO Charity Auction Donation Hit by Credit Card Fraud After raising eyebrows for being a "pay-to-play ', 'meet designer Marc Jacobs backstage during a fashion show. Other packages are a training camp with NFL football player Peyton Manning and the chance to be in a movie scene with "Thor" star Chris Hemsworth in a film directed by  Michael Mann .', 'currents sweeping around their edges. "Once again, we\'re ahead of schedule," says widely respected climate scientist  Michael Mann  of Pennsylvania State University. Mann tells ABC News that satellite measurements also show that the land may be absorbing ', 'danger is an overall tipping point.  MICHAEL MANN  INTERVIEW PART 4 (of 5) Nature\'s Interview with Climate Scientist  Michael Mann , author of "The Hockey Stick the bottle. Climate Scientist  Michael Mann  Interview, Part 4 (of 5) Unprecedented ', 'on climate crisis sorely needed  MICHAEL MANN  INTERVIEW PART 2 (of 5) Nature\'s Interview with Climate Scientist  Michael Mann , author of "The Hockey Stick lying under oath Climate Scientist  Michael Mann  Interview, Part 2 (of 5) TRANSCRIPT ', 'earth with dust are dangerous.  MICHAEL MANN  INTERVIW PART 5 (OF 5) Nature\'s Interview with Climate Scientist  Michael Mann , author of "The Hockey Stick worst On the way to catch a taxi,  Michael Mann  walks and talks with Bill Blakemore ', 'with a pig or argue with a fool  MICHAEL MANN  INTERVIW PART 3 (OF 5) Nature\'s Interview with Climate Scientist  Michael Mann , author of "The Hockey Stick that this is a grave crisis. ( Michael Mann  nods) That you scientists have ', "Interview with scientist  Michael Mann , author of 'The Hockey Stick interview with climate scientist  Michael Mann  of Penn State University, conducted the video and the transcript.  MICHAEL MANN  INTERVIEW PART 1 (OF 5) Some ", 'to half-sell a duck; to swindle." It\'s akin to an old proverb quoted by widely respected climate scientist  Michael Mann : "A half-truth is a whole lie." The half truth in this canard (actually, it\'s a far tinier fraction than that ', 'guarantee they won\'t in the future. Accordingly, we have reached this difficult decision." Executive producers  Michael Mann  and David Milch joined in: "The two of us loved this series, loved the cast, crew and writers. This has been a ', 'winner Dustin Hoffman in his first TV series role. This series by "Deadwood" creator David Milch and famed director  Michael Mann  follows the owners, gamblers, jockeys and industry players in the world of horse racing. Though the show doesn\'t ', 'campaign here to the International Consumer Electronics Show with a panel of film directors including Oliver Stone,  Michael Mann  and Baz Luhrmann on Friday. "If consumers have been slow identifying what the (Blu-ray) difference is, directors ', "There have been so many stories we're doing over and over again that's one of the oddest things about this never story like this right take pieces I did eight years ago. Put them on the air they seem fresher than they did then because the crisis is worse. You you must have that feeling of the", "but it's a whole lot easier. To to prevent the genie from getting out of the bottle trying to put it back in sent  Michael Mann  thanks so much for talking to nature's thank you it's been a pleasure.", "of the bottle -- trying to put it back in -- sent Michael Mann thanks so much for talking to nature's thank you it's been a pleasure. ", "One of the things about your book the hockey stick in the final hours. If you tell what happened to you and happened to all of your colleagues and I must say I've been covering it since about 2004. 2005 and it tells a story heard often before and again the phrase comes to my mind the new"]