['Ockenfels/AMC) In anticipation of the Season 6 premiere of " Mad Men ," the show has released stunning black and white photographs This year it\'s really constructed like a film," creator  Matthew Weiner  told Entertainment Weekly Wednesday. "It is its own story ', 'president, ABC Entertainment Tony Thomas Empty Nest, Blossom, Golden Girls, Beauty and the Beast, Benson  Matthew Weiner Mad Men , The Sopranos John Wells Southland, ER, China Beach, Third Watch Joss Whedon Dollhouse, Buffy the Vampire ', 'Last Sunday\'s episode of " Mad Men " had a surprising twist, when - spoiler presented the idea to series creator  Matthew Weiner . He says, "From a humorous point of Blaine Pryce." The season finale of " Mad Men " airs this Sunday, but Harris refuses ', 'call with reporters today, " Mad Men " actress Jessica Pare said that pop song "a whole lot" and  Matthew Weiner , " Mad Men \'s" executive producer was doing it for the entire \' Mad Men \' cast, I had to know my stuff ', 'Newsweek" this week with a " Mad Men " issue that takes every page 1960s. "I was talking to  Matt Weiner , the creator [of " Mad Men "] , about what we might do Newsweek\'s" website will also be " Mad Men "-ified. Since there was ', 'the scenes on one of the hottest shows on television, " Mad Men ." Creator  Matt Weiner  and stars Jon Hamm, Elisabeth Moss, John Slattery, January But here are a few show secrets you didn\'t see: Creator  Matt Weiner  going through each in Sterling Cooper Draper Price, pointing ', "'Mad' About Fashion: 'Mad Men' Stars Jon Hamm, January Jones Dish on How Clothes Make the Characters", 'leffron831 ) report: " Mad Men ," a show about the clean-cut style of the " Mad Men " characters, which vision of show creator  Matt Weiner , said actor John Slattery costume closet with " Mad Men " costume designer Janie ', 'Emmy-award-winning series "  Mad Men  " debuted, liquor was so prominent the 1960s, series creator  Matthew Weiner  didn\'t hold back in depicting blank if she was a "wino." \' Mad Men \' Drink, Constantly, on TV "In the era depicted on \' Mad Men ,\' bad behavior stemming ', 'AMC\'s popular drama, "  Mad Men . " ABCNews.com asked the since the season finale of " Mad Men " Sunday night? What\'s is a professor, although  Matt  [ Weiner , the show\'s creator and you know about it? Because  Matt  [ Weiner ] is so secretive, which You said you were a fan of " Mad Men " before you got the part ', 'Brian Davidson, 51, a devoted " Mad Men " fan from Boston. "Maybe he\'s transcends the 1960s backdrop of " Mad Men ," but those relationships rarely can be a long road." With " Mad Men " creator  Matt Weiner \'s dalliance with psychotherapy ', 'other big winners included " Mad Men " (best drama), Edie Falco Awards. -- Drama Series: " Mad Men ," AMC. -- Comedy Series Writing, Drama Series:  Matthew Weiner  and Erin Levy, " Mad Men ," AMC. -- Writing, Miniseries ', 'Who is Don Draper? It\'s a question that\'s been on the minds of fans of the critically acclaimed television series " Mad Men " since it began in 2007, and it\'s the question that\'s at the heart of the fourth season, which premieres this Sunday intricately imagined world of Don Draper and his advertising colleagues is the brainchild and passion of series creator  Matt Weiner . Before the start of the fourth season, Weiner spoke with ABC\'s Diane Sawyer about his complex characters and what\'s ', "Mad men  it's television season of AMC's  mad men  45. Bring viewers that Vince creator  Matthew Weiner  trail. conference one will say where  mad men 's plot lines may forgotten the five years  Matt Weiner  was out of work ", "-- All are set to return for the fifth season of AMC's mad men -- -- 45. Bring viewers back to the hard living and loving advertising world of the 1960s. We were given a rare tour of the show's meticulously detailed set. By that Vince creator Matthew Weiner trail. -- conference around was that man there that is. We're we're shooting Dunn's funeral today so it's sort of -- -- ", "Mad men . Is about the world of advertising in today's standards. But viewers are mad for  mad men . No land when He guns did you're looking civil rights struggle of the sixties.  Matt Weiner  says expect to see more of that Robin coming ", 'is the social unrest in the civil rights struggle of the sixties. Matt Weiner says expect to see more of that Robin coming up we have so much part of the sixties and Sosa the clothing ', "of the show's meticulously detailed set. By that creator  Matthew Weiner  trail. As the conference around you that's an uncomfortable episodes of bedding and backstabbing mischief now lie ahead for  mad men 's characters Beers a the shows devoted fans will now get ", "rare tour of the show's meticulously detailed set. By that -- creator Matthew Weiner trail. As the conference around you that's an uncomfortable moments in history that uncomfortable moments every room this. Some -- film. The ", "the season premiere of  mad men  we've been waiting seventeen off. When we last are  mad men  and me Don had just proposed and I plot twists that.  Mad men  fans have come to expect Right series creator  Matthew Weiner  has taken huge pains to ", "all of the wit and the intrigue and I plot twists that. Mad men fans have come to expect it's definitely a new -- for the whole firm it seems like things are going to be changing in terms of the way to do business. And the way that the entire advertising industry -- it. And we don't even know what you know but we don't even know. From the outside what year this season premiere is correct right that's our top secret business. Right series creator Matthew Weiner has taken huge pains to make sure that no details about. The premiere episode in the fifth season get leaked so. He's ", "really sometimes arcane information but. For the fourth of the good news hounds out there that's ago and I think carrying  Matthew Weiner  sent a little time in the and I suggest a movie site. Jim Mon and dot com what's that about not come easy really. Comprehend ", "the good news hounds out there that's ago and I think carrying Matthew Weiner sent a little time in the -- and I suggest a movie site. Jim Mon and dot com what's that about -- "]