['Filmmaker  Michael Moore  has filed for divorce after 21 years of marriage to Kathleen Glynn, his collaborator on the Oscar-winning "Bowling for Columbine ', 'responders who saw what happened were completely traumatized," she said. Hockley\'s comments come after film maker  Michael Moore \'s controversial call for the release of the graphic material to mobilize the gun control movement. Moore wrote on ', 'from contract kickbacks and other corrupt deals. Such gimmicks have earned Lanata the nickname of "Argentina\'s  Michael Moore ." They\'ve also caught the attention of public officials, with rumors circulating that the government is trying to ', 'reacting to the news of his death. "Roger Ebert. Millions of thumbs up for you. RIP," Oscar-winning filmmaker  Michael Moore  wrote on Twitter today. That was echoed by Alyssa Milano - "Rest in peace, Roger Ebert! You were an inspiration ', 'life as a result of gun violence in 1999 with the massacre at Columbine High School. In response to the shooting,  Michael Moore  wrote, produced and directed Bowling for Columbine as an attempt to find the cause for widespread gun violence in ', 'Customs and Border Protection said it was prohibited from discussing specific cases due to privacy laws. Director  Michael Moore  took to Twitter after Burnat contacted the filmmaker during the incident. Moore sent a series of tweets about the ', 'Oscar Documentaries Take on AIDS, Rape in Military, Israeli-Palestinian Conflict, a Lost Musician', 'be voting for Best Documentary. Academy Award winner  Michael Moore  ("Bowling for Columbine"), who was on the board new doc. "And when you come along, unless you\'re  Michael Moore , they don\'t really know who you are. The first time ', '(Image Credit: Larry Busacca/Getty Images) Academy Award-winning director  Michael Moore  took to Twitter Tuesday to defend his friend who was detained at Los Angeles International Airport because, he said, officials ', 'Swank picked up her second best actress award by saying "I\'m just a girl from a trailer park who had a dream."  Michael Moore  - Best Documentary Feature, Bowling for Columbine Moore gathered his fellow best documentary nominees onto the stage ', 'evil, America-hating administration, I don\'t even know what you\'re made of."  Michael Moore  Calls Obama Out on Issue of Gun Control Filmmaker  Michael Moore  called out Obama on the issue of gun control after recent shootings in Aurora, Colo ', 'enough is enough." Last month, Ruiz and the five other students won their case after U.S. District Judge K.  Michael Moore  found the state\'s policy in violation of equal protection laws in the 14th Amendment of the Constitution. "Classifying ', 'evil, America-hating administration, I don\'t even know what you\'re made of."  Michael Moore  Calls Obama Out on Issue of Gun Control Filmmaker  Michael Moore  called out Obama on the issue of gun control after recent shootings in Aurora, Colo ', 'acclimated to that kind of air, yea, it makes you drawn, it makes you off. The president had an off night." Filmmaker  Michael Moore  was similarly distressed by Obama\'s showing, but he didn\'t blame the Mile High City\'s compromised oxygen supply ', 'Another long term Hollywood marriage is coming to documentary filmmaker  Michael Moore  is splitting from his wife of 21 years according to Michigan news web and live. Were filed for divorce from Kathleen on June 17 ', 'Another long term Hollywood marriage is coming to -- documentary filmmaker Michael Moore is splitting from his wife of 21 years according to Michigan news web -- and live. Were filed for divorce from Kathleen ', "celebrities also chimed in. Rapper Q tip can't be surprised black life has no value in this country. Filmmaker  Michael Moore  had a gun toting trade non stop an unarmed George Zimmermann and then shot him to death. Do I even need to complete ", "can't be surprised black life has no value in this country. Filmmaker Michael Moore -- had a gun toting trade non stop an unarmed George Zimmermann and then shot him to death. Do I even need ", "today I drove up to Brookline Massachusetts where  Michael Moore  attended the showing of his hit film Fahrenheit lines I'm trying to get the connection between  Michael Moore  the filmmaker  Michael Moore  the pilgrimage internal inferno And the Democratic ", 'Earlier today I drove up to Brookline Massachusetts where Michael Moore attended the showing of his hit film Fahrenheit 9/11. After the showing He held a news conference after they pumped all the ', "Little time in power lines I'm trying to get the connection between Michael Moore the filmmaker Michael Moore the pilgrimage internal inferno -- And the Democratic Convention what I mean normally they filmmaker might come here justice to absorb the ", "anchoring we have two stories up  Michael Moore  and Omar would go first to Omar first story as I mentioned is.  Michael Moore . The documentary filmmaker produced Terry's interview with  Michael Moore  and bottom line did you like him ", 'my colleague Terry Moran will be anchoring we have two stories up Michael Moore and Omar would go first to Omar. With back to Michael -- Omar. Is a story told by my colleague Bob Woodruff ', "know -- our second story our first story as I mentioned is. Michael Moore . The documentary filmmaker. Nine Fahrenheit 911. A lot of people hate him. Not set to be the most pleasant man world Howland asked him about that Karen -- Karen. I am sorry to surprise you with this -- that makes it more for you you produced Terry's interview with Michael Moore and bottom line did you like him. Shocking. -- shockingly. Here are pretty -- character -- so you can shop for mechanic. ", "that is a requirement -- me as an American. -- interview with Michael Moore now we when he gets to your responses to some of the things we've been putting on television. They include some reaction ", 'made their distaste for filmmaker  Michael Moore  very obvious more no stranger Washington correspondent John Cochran.  Michael Moore  is at it again with a movie called So who won the war both did.  Michael Moore  got more publicity for his movie ', "-- too many on the right have made their distaste for filmmaker Michael Moore very obvious more no stranger to criticism. Is almost always happy to return the favor in this week Moore has adjusted with a very possible presidential candidate over politics movies and cigar. -- explanation here's senior Washington correspondent John Cochran. Michael Moore is at it again with a movie called Sacco and diatribe against the American health care system. I'm asking about hospital charges ", 'Might be something in Oakland. So who won the war both did. Michael Moore got more publicity for his movie Thompson pleased Republican conservatives by slapping down my -- they despise. And just as he did ', "I thought they would call my bluff. And and and help these rescue workers. Fair criticism to say that's a stunt  Michael Moore  is doing a well I'm making a point and I'm using satire. To make a larger point politically and socially. And ", "help these -- rescue workers. Fair criticism to say that's a stunt Michael Moore is doing a -- well I'm making a point and I'm using satire. To make a larger point politically and socially. And ", 'Michael Moore  attacks a problem he really takes it on and he likes to place blame as well when he does that. But health Carey blames the industry ', 'Michael Moore attacks a problem he really takes it on and he likes to place blame as well when he does that. But health ']