['Greta Gerwig discusses her role as Frances in the independent film, "Frances Ha."', "know nothing no no longer the romantic image of confused youth. Midnight Cowboy comes along it's a supporting part  Mike Nichols  affect coldly opened the star the graduate. Mrs. Clinton's chances with stone. Cause he's an ugly character he's ", "image of confused youth. Midnight Cowboy comes along it's a supporting part Mike Nichols affect coldly opened the -- star -- the graduate. Mrs. Clinton's chances -- -- with stone. Cause he's an ugly character he's ", "and one cent. Apology letters from Mike Nicholson's. And then I remember I showed. But you can good luck. Two.  Mike Nichols  house and he got up and I says I still much up here and it and you before you've seen the film easily okay. And it ", "And then I remember I showed. But you can good luck. Two. Mike Nichols house and he got up and I says I still much up -- here and it and you before you've seen the ", "was always the person until me that no matter what I did it was can end singing. Whoopi Goldberg says its director  Mike Nichols  everybody needs somebody that can turn to and is this okay. And Mike's my back. But you don't have to be in the ", "did it was can end -- singing. Whoopi Goldberg says its director Mike Nichols everybody needs somebody that can turn to and -- is this okay. And Mike's my back. But you don't have to be ", "We we we do it justice material to build a good I've heard great things especially from one of our family members  Mike Nichols  and this is director of course married to. Diane Sawyer and it's a wonderful things to say about you say that you ", "I've -- heard great things especially from one of our family members Mike Nichols and this is director of course married to. Diane Sawyer -- and it's a wonderful things to say about you say that ", "husband I consider on loan from Bosnia pitching Webster recalled believes she can probably haven't back when. Why  Mike Nichols  as the man that started my career on Broadway He took me and put me on Broadway and this is the result. spent Christmas ", "Bosnia pitching Webster recalled believes she can probably haven't back when. Why Mike Nichols as the man that started my career on Broadway He took me and put me on Broadway and this is the result. ", 'number of dependents for the performing part of the without live while part was interesting. And but you know we had an  Mike Nichols  is director of the show the united master class from him just to be able to watch him works out. Her new York and LA ', '-- part was interesting. And but you know we had an -- Mike Nichols is director of the show -- -- -- the united master class from him just to be able to watch him works ', "their well fed. The prisoners are being herded together at the port Stanley airfield and the British correspondent  Mike Nichols  and reports that food and water are not the main concern. What it is worrying. What may soon become couldn't Italian ", "being herded together at the port Stanley airfield and the British correspondent Mike Nichols and reports that food and water are not the main concern. What it is worrying. What may soon become couldn't -- Italian ", "the show from. From Eric with a  Mike Nichols  to the entire cast everyone is and honored to be part of it.  Mike Nichols  a comedy legend I guess He came it's a little different when  Mike Nichols  guy that directed to graduate is ", "that are part of the show from. From Eric -- with a Mike Nichols to the entire cast everyone is top of the line extremely talented and I feel humbled and honored to be part of it. Mike Nichols a comedy legend I guess He came by the -- a few times to arrest you -- Not yes found He has a great sense of humor and He. He likes to give me a hard time which is great because that's my sense of humor to let them. It's little it's a little different when Mike Nichols -- guy that directed to graduate is is busting your chops. You play a character names. Patsy and I'll tell you true. ", "from hobbyists for me. Where have you gone Joseph to Maggio. no. That's song for assault took root. Is that. And  Mike Nichols . Guided me through because I was working on the song working undergraduate. I'm seeing. Well this She didn't ", "Maggio. -- no. That's song for assault took root. Is that. And Mike Nichols . Guided me through because I was working on the song -- working undergraduate. -- I'm seeing. Well this -- -- She didn't ", 'window into the real you so what could lurk behind the Diane we all know and love. Hidden in her Diana and her husband  Mike Nichols  were out it was just lie in guarding the force be decided to find out for real what is in die in. Refrigerant toward ', 'all know and love. Hidden in her -- Diana and her husband Mike Nichols were out it was just lie in guarding the force be decided to find out for real what is in die in. ', "And read my lips no new taxes I have a but this one covered and Illinois asks have you seen all your husband director  Mike Nichols  films. I have seen them all I have seen them all what it was hard to get hauled out the fortune I'd seen everything ", "one covered and Illinois asks have you seen all your husband director Mike Nichols films. I have seen them all I have seen them all what it was hard to get hauled out the fortune I'd ", "hard to go but don't what did. Not to hurt I know she's got it He sort of the and I know if she ever decides that  Mike Nichols  is not the one and yet. I got my and younger man eminently fair.", 'of the and -- I know -- if she ever decides that Mike Nichols is not the one and yet. I got my -- and younger man -- eminently fair. ', "I first watched it got me. Because it captured. This sort of romantic feeling of confused you. It had the guts.  Mike Nichols  as the director had the to in this movie on a question. The boy and girl get together and captain Ross but they don't ", 'This sort of romantic feeling of confused you. It had the guts. Mike Nichols as the director had the -- to in this movie on a question. The boy and girl get together -- and captain ']