['Artist" Best actress: Meryl Streep, "The Iron Lady" Best actor: Jean Dujardin, "The Artist" Best director:  Michel Hazanavicius , "The Artist" Golden Globe winners Best picture (drama): ""The Descendants"* Best actress (drama ', 'Saving Face." 20. Animated Short Film: "The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore." 21. Directing:  Michel Hazanavicius , "The Artist." 22. Actor: Jean Dujardin, "The Artist." 23. Actress: Meryl Streep, "The Iron Lady ', 'shows just how much uncertainty there is going into tonight\'s ceremony. On the index, "The Artist" director  Michel Hazanavicius  overtook Martin Scorsese who directed "Hugo" and Alexander Payne who directed "The Descendants" as of this ', 'Earlier in the year, the producers guild gave "The Artist" their top prize, while the film\'s director,  Michel Hazanavicius , was hailed as the year\'s best by the directors guild. On ABC News\' Oscars Stock Market Index, Hazanavicius ', 'Phillips Directing "The Artist"  Michel Hazanavicius  "The Descendants" Alexander Artist" Anne-Sophie Bion and  Michel Hazanavicius  "The Descendants" Kevin The Artist" Written by  Michel Hazanavicius  "Bridesmaids" Written by ', 'the award for "Albert Knobbs." Best Director:  Michel Hazanavicius  In a category filled with establishment directors, French film director  Michel Hazanavicius  has the edge, having helmed one of the front-runners ', 'Motion Picture Woody Allen, Midnight in Paris George Clooney, Grant Heslov, Beau Willimon, The Ides of March  Michel Hazanavicius , The Artist Alexander Payne, Nat Faxon, Jim Rash, The Descendants Steven Zaillian, Aaron Sorkin, Moneyball Best ', 'Best supporting actor: Christopher Plummer, "Beginners" Best acting ensemble: "The Help" Best director:  Michel Hazanavicius , "The Artist" Best comedy: "Bridesmaids" Best animated film: "Rango" Best foreign film: "A Separation ', 'in "The Descendants." "She is very much the ingenue," Geier said. Best Director:  Michel Hazanavicius  "The Artist" director  Michel Hazanavicius  could pull off the win among more established directors for a movie the Hollywood Foreign ']