["celebrities also chimed in. Rapper Q tip can't be surprised black life has no value in this country. Filmmaker  Michael Moore  had a gun toting trade non stop an unarmed George Zimmermann and then shot him to death. Do I even need to complete ", "can't be surprised black life has no value in this country. Filmmaker Michael Moore -- had a gun toting trade non stop an unarmed George Zimmermann and then shot him to death. Do I even need ", "today I drove up to Brookline Massachusetts where  Michael Moore  attended the showing of his hit film Fahrenheit lines I'm trying to get the connection between  Michael Moore  the filmmaker  Michael Moore  the pilgrimage internal inferno And the Democratic ", 'Earlier today I drove up to Brookline Massachusetts where Michael Moore attended the showing of his hit film Fahrenheit 9/11. After the showing He held a news conference after they pumped all the ', "Little time in power lines I'm trying to get the connection between Michael Moore the filmmaker Michael Moore the pilgrimage internal inferno -- And the Democratic Convention what I mean normally they filmmaker might come here justice to absorb the ", "anchoring we have two stories up  Michael Moore  and Omar would go first to Omar first story as I mentioned is.  Michael Moore . The documentary filmmaker produced Terry's interview with  Michael Moore  and bottom line did you like him ", 'my colleague Terry Moran will be anchoring we have two stories up Michael Moore and Omar would go first to Omar. With back to Michael -- Omar. Is a story told by my colleague Bob Woodruff ', "know -- our second story our first story as I mentioned is. Michael Moore . The documentary filmmaker. Nine Fahrenheit 911. A lot of people hate him. Not set to be the most pleasant man world Howland asked him about that Karen -- Karen. I am sorry to surprise you with this -- that makes it more for you you produced Terry's interview with Michael Moore and bottom line did you like him. Shocking. -- shockingly. Here are pretty -- character -- so you can shop for mechanic. ", "that is a requirement -- me as an American. -- interview with Michael Moore now we when he gets to your responses to some of the things we've been putting on television. They include some reaction ", 'made their distaste for filmmaker  Michael Moore  very obvious more no stranger Washington correspondent John Cochran.  Michael Moore  is at it again with a movie called So who won the war both did.  Michael Moore  got more publicity for his movie ', "-- too many on the right have made their distaste for filmmaker Michael Moore very obvious more no stranger to criticism. Is almost always happy to return the favor in this week Moore has adjusted with a very possible presidential candidate over politics movies and cigar. -- explanation here's senior Washington correspondent John Cochran. Michael Moore is at it again with a movie called Sacco and diatribe against the American health care system. I'm asking about hospital charges ", 'Might be something in Oakland. So who won the war both did. Michael Moore got more publicity for his movie Thompson pleased Republican conservatives by slapping down my -- they despise. And just as he did ', "I thought they would call my bluff. And and and help these rescue workers. Fair criticism to say that's a stunt  Michael Moore  is doing a well I'm making a point and I'm using satire. To make a larger point politically and socially. And ", "help these -- rescue workers. Fair criticism to say that's a stunt Michael Moore is doing a -- well I'm making a point and I'm using satire. To make a larger point politically and socially. And ", 'Michael Moore  attacks a problem he really takes it on and he likes to place blame as well when he does that. But health Carey blames the industry ', 'Michael Moore attacks a problem he really takes it on and he likes to place blame as well when he does that. But health ', "will pay for. Hear me. The intent is to maximize profits from its web we've got to have government health says  Michael Moore  get the prophet out. At the get the private health insurance companies out there. That's right government would ", "profits from its web we've got to have government health -- says Michael Moore get the prophet out. At the -- -- get the private health insurance companies out there. That's right government would do it ", 'productive. On Twitter today where he found another 21 century voice and had 800000. Followers an outpouring of sorrow.  Michael Moore  the director tweeted Roger Ebert millions of thumbs up for you IP. And from director Spike Lee. I missed my dear ', 'another 21 century voice and had 800000. Followers an outpouring of sorrow. Michael Moore the director tweeted Roger Ebert millions of thumbs up for you -- IP. And from director Spike Lee. I missed my dear ', "your hope for this film that be the Fahrenheit 9/11 of 2012. There's a bit of a scary comparison. Because. To  Michael Moore  is a bit like the federal government he's you know big fat and out of control I'm a little bit more like the private ", "of 2012. There's a bit of a scary comparison. Because. To -- Michael Moore is a bit like the federal government he's you know big fat and out of control I'm a little bit more like ", "of a on this list. Well we run the gamut from Yoko Ono to Russell Simmons Kanye West Susan Sarandon and the obvious  Michael Moore . Eight and even somebody like Tom Morello from a rage against machines so it's it's artists television stars and ", "Yoko Ono to Russell Simmons Kanye West Susan Sarandon and the obvious Michael Moore . Eight and even -- somebody like Tom Morello from a rage against machines so it's it's artists television stars and movie stars ", 'supporters and rallying the base. Progressive filmmaker  Michael Moore . Had this question that He wanted me to ask you. Quote for Obama. How do you respond. To. Liberals like  Michael Moore . Who want to vote for the president. But are just ', "and and potentially future Obama supporters and rallying the base. Progressive filmmaker Michael Moore . Had this question that He wanted me to ask you. Quote are you aware of -- how profoundly disappointed so many of the president's supporters are. You realize that each time the president moves to the right He picks up no votes and lose as many. Or do you cynically believes that because these people have nowhere else to go they'll end up voting for Obama. How do you respond. To. Liberals like Michael Moore . Who want to vote for the president. But are just profoundly disappointed how do you convince them to turn out in November ", "in their seventies and eighties most are satisfied with their sex the highest. results of the study is doctor dot  Michael Moore  president of the fire woman's health group my thanks so much for joining us and I think this is surprising to a lot ", "sex the highest. -- -- results of the study is doctor dot Michael Moore president of the -- fire woman's health group -- my thanks so much for joining us -- and I think this is ", 'Matthew Badger Interview: Father Discusses Christmas Day Fire That Took Daughters', "had helped exorcise the some buyers. The girl's mother advertising executive Madonna bad juror and her boyfriend  Michael Moore  CNN the contractor the house were the only survivors. She is said to be still in deep very isolated morning. Investigators ", "buyers. The girl's mother advertising executive Madonna bad juror and her boyfriend Michael Moore CNN the contractor -- the house were the only survivors. She is said to be still in deep very isolated morning. Investigators ", "of trans fats. May be more at risk for a stroke than others joining us to discusses women's health expert doctor  Michael Moore  doctor mark great to see you is a little bit more about this research. This is another study from the Women's Health ", "a stroke than others joining us to discusses women's health expert doctor Michael Moore doctor mark great to see you -- is -- a little bit more about this research. This is another study from the ", "judging Becky. an that clearly cannot go into a good life so congratulation every ambitious thing choice. George  Michael Moore  series doozy of a press conference over the weekend he'd there are some reports that he really was gravely. He also ", "into a good life so congratulation every ambitious thing -- choice. George Michael Moore series doozy of a press conference over the weekend he'd -- there are some reports that he really was gravely. He also ", "portrayed Gabe Watson as emotionless. Following his wife drowned. But on. He did what he can do and to get help.  Michael Moore  is Gabe Watson's longtime friend and told the jury Watson was still devastated roughly a week after drowning. Accident ", "on. He did what he can do and -- to get help. Michael Moore is Gabe Watson's longtime friend and told the jury Watson was still devastated roughly -- a week after -- drowning. Accident I'd ", 'Nightline today day in the life of  Michael Moore  that controversial filmmaker best religious obligation. You know  Michael Moore  or maybe you think you do you fictitious reasons. Yeah when  Michael Moore  decided to make a movie on the ', "our Internet edition of Nightline today -- day in the life of Michael Moore that controversial filmmaker best known for. Contentious documentaries taking on big corporations and President Bush. Is now setting his sights on a deeply flawed US health care system. With his latest film -- go. More argues that the health care industry is flat lining when we're all gonna pay the price -- I caught up with him in Sacramento. Where he told me that fixing the ailing system is a moral even religious obligation. You know Michael Moore or maybe you think you do you -- and we'll -- in places like those. Sure he's the gadfly documentary filmmaker who ", "President Bush and outraged millions of Americans. For fictitious reasons. Yeah when Michael Moore decided to make a movie on the health care industry and in his new movie cinco -- is in many ways true before. Taking on America's deeply flawed health care system brash humor and passionate -- For health -- -- lobbyist for every member of congress and the United States led to 37 in health care around. Just slightly. Of Slovenia Cold War. But there's something different about this Michael Moore movie. Hello four all the laughs it's very serious and laced with quality is not usually associated with these films hitting. Compassion. ", 'wanted to spend my life devote my life. Two helping people. Father Michael Moore hard to imagine maybe or maybe not while try this -- senator Michael Moore just for coming. -- -- -- Everywhere we went there was an unmistakable political energy to our day in California with the ', 'hits Wall Street with a filmmaker  Michael Moore  as He launches his full frontal place we want to meet up with  Michael Moore  right now. I told you tell downtown the capital of capitalism and  Michael Moore  hates capital hates it with this ', 'highest. Is capitalism. Evil. I like hits Wall Street with a filmmaker Michael Moore as He launches his full frontal assault on the big -- and assist -- He thinks are destroying America. Plus swept away ', 'knows. There was only one place we want to meet up with Michael Moore right now. I told you -- tell -- downtown Manhattan the financial district in many ways the capital of capitalism and Michael Moore hates capital -- hates it with this savagely funny and just drop that problem from the window. And surprisingly religious passion. And ', "as treasury secretaries for Republican. And democratic presidents. A perfect example to Michael Moore what's wrong with American capital. The deal was cut with a Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson the former CEO of Goldman Sachs. News ", "the movies TGI half full review  Michael Moore 's latest say what you will about Wall Street meltdown filmmaker  Michael Moore  is out of the documentary. Which you're getting into when you see a  Michael Moore  film he's less a documentary ", "big thing happen. And Friday at the movies TGI half full review Michael Moore's latest say what you will about him but He is always provocative. But we Begin with the G-20 summit underway today in ", "for the webcast just a year after the Wall Street meltdown filmmaker Michael Moore is out of the documentary. Which examines the causes of the collapse but there isn't ironic twist to capitalism a love story. Turns out it was funded by some of the same companies it bashes include Goldman Sachs. As Josh Roth cop with Friday at them. You know what you're getting into when you see a Michael Moore film he's less a documentary maker than a blogger with a camera. So you can expect a certain amount of his intense left wing politics in a certain amount of rage and humor. A capitalism a love story his new film is no exception. And if you really need to be informed that title is sarcastic. Connecticut. The money there for the American people understand something. -- I got more bags at ten million probably won't fit in here. Essentially what Michael Moore wants to do here is persuade us as viewers and maybe capitalism isn't perfect. Maybe it needs fixing as always He wants ", "we all know and can relate to and I think -- every Michael Moore film. The more personal He gets the more successful He uses director refinance. Everyone's doing it. Of course hidden in the dozens or hundreds of pages of fine print are tricky cause a little while the -- major retreat to a number He didn't know about perhaps so highly -- be able to repay your loan. This has almost too much to say. He -- and resilient directions at once and the film is it's far from coherent I think it as a as a political argument that said -- value of the fact that there is a filmmaker like Michael Moore . Who's just there to provoke me he's there to raise questions and I'd hate to imagine a film skate without him. -- "]