["but it's a whole lot easier. To to prevent the genie from getting out of the bottle trying to put it back in sent  Michael Mann  thanks so much for talking to nature's thank you it's been a pleasure.", "of the bottle -- trying to put it back in -- sent Michael Mann thanks so much for talking to nature's thank you it's been a pleasure. ", "One of the things about your book the hockey stick in the final hours. If you tell what happened to you and happened to all of your colleagues and I must say I've been covering it since about 2004. 2005 and it tells a story heard often before and again the phrase comes to my mind the new", "There have been so many stories we're doing over and over again that's one of the oddest things about this never story like this right take pieces I did eight years ago. Put them on the air they seem fresher than they did then because the crisis is worse. You you must have that feeling of the", "should say digital projection. To convince us to work with digital and if that's and Oliver Stone and Spielberg and  Michael Mann . Barbara breeders' all of us asking questions looking at stuff examples Jim Cameron couldn't come but he sent ", "digital and if that's and Oliver Stone and -- -- Spielberg and Michael Mann . Barbara breeders' all of us asking questions looking at stuff examples Jim Cameron couldn't come but he sent. A message. And also ", "Alley the FBI tells ABC news it's looking into a spike in threatening emails to climate scientists like Penn State's  Michael Mann . Six Feet Under with a is where you should be I was hoping I would see the news that you committed suicide do it it's ", "into a spike in threatening emails to climate scientists like Penn State's Michael Mann . Six Feet Under with a -- is where you should be I was hoping I would see the news that you committed ", "effective spokes people for their cause I plead guilty I don't think we've done the best job that we done Penn State's  Michael Mann  is one of the scientists who last year had these emails hacked. Quoted worldwide by climate change skeptics. As proof ", "think we've done the best job that we -- done Penn State's Michael Mann is one of the scientists who last year had these emails hacked. Quoted worldwide by climate change skeptics. As proof the scientists ", "spokespeople for their cause I plead guilty I don't think we've done the best job that we could've done Penn State's  Michael Mann  is one of the scientists who last year had these emails hacked. Quoted worldwide by climate change skeptics. As proof ", "think we've done the best job that we could've done Penn State's Michael Mann is one of the scientists who last year had these emails hacked. Quoted worldwide by climate change skeptics. As proof the scientists "]