['With his wife, Huma Abedin, by his side, New York mayoral candidate and former congressman Anthony Weiner confirms on July 23 that some of the sexually explicit online exchanges that were published by a gossip website happened after previous revelations forced him to resign from the U.S. House in 2011.', 'Former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer, shown here with wife Silda Wall Spitzer, resigned in March 2008 after it was revealed that he had spent thousands of dollars on prostitutes.', 'Louisiana Sen. David Vitter, here with wife Wendy Baldwin Vitter, admitted in July 2007 his involvement in the "D.C. Madam" scandal after his phone number had been published in a list of phone records from a prostitution ring. Three years later he was re-elected to the U.S. Senate.', "Former Idaho Sen. Larry Craig was arrested in June 2007 in a men's restroom at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport on charges of lewd conduct, but later pled guilty to a misdemeanor charge of disorderly conduct. His wife, Suzanne Thompson, was at his side during the news conference in September 2007 when he announced his intention to resign. He later changed his mind and served out his term.", 'Former New Jersey Gov. Jim McGreevey, with his then-wife Dina Matos standing by, told a packed news conference in August 2004: "My truth is that I am a gay American" and that he had engaged in a consensual affair with his homeland security adviser, who had threatened to sue him for sexual harassment.', 'Hillary Clinton was with her husband, former President Bill Clinton, in January 1998 when he denied having "sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky." However, when he later admitted in August 1998 that the relationship with the intern was "not appropriate," she was not with him and later was chilly toward him during a walk to Marine One. ', 'Elizabeth Edwards, the wife of former presidential candidate and ex-North Carolina Sen. John Edwards, was not with him when, in August 2008, he finally admitted to an affair with a campaign worker. Elizabeth Edwards, who was suffering from breast cancer, died in 2010.', "After her husband, former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford, admitted to sneaking away to Argentina to be with his mistress in June 2009, Jenny Sanford moved out of the governor's mansion and later divorced him in 2010.", 'Former Nevada Sen. John Ensign was embroiled in allegations of an extramarital affair in 2007 and 2008, and his wife, Darlene, who initially stood with him when he announced he would not seek re-election, was not by his side as the drama unfolded. Hit with multiple investigations, Ensign resigned in 2011.', 'After initially standing by her husband, former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, through multiple allegations of sexual misconduct before and during his two terms as governor, Maria Shriver filed for divorce in 2011 after the governor admitted fathering a child with their longtime housekeeper.', 'Consultant says winning the trust of the person you harmed most is key to moving on', 'Women who are wronged by cheating spouse are often in no-win situation, psychologist says', "Washington (CNN) -- Without Huma Abedin publicly forgiving him, it is unlikely that Anthony Weiner would be running to become New York's next mayor.", '"If his wife had not been by his side, Weiner\'s hot dog would be cooked," said Ana Navarro, a Republican political consultant and CNN contributor.', "From the start of Weiner's campaign, Huma Abedin's blessing had been critical. Once Weiner acknowledged a desire to run for mayor, a year after the former New York congressman resigned over a sexting scandal in 2011, Abedin blessed her husband's political aspirations in a number of high profile interviews.", 'And on Tuesday, after another round of sexting allegations emerged, Abedin once again stood beside him and publicly announced her forgiveness.', '"It took a lot of work and a whole lot of therapy to get to a place where I could forgive Anthony," Abedin said. "It was not an easy choice in any way, but I made the decision that it was worth staying in this marriage."', 'Political consultants, psychologists and crisis communicators all give different opinions on why Abedin, a powerful Washington adviser and close confidant to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, publicly forgave her husband.', 'But by standing next to Weiner on Tuesday, Abedin joins a long line of political wives -- including Clinton, her mentor -- who stood next to their men as they answered questions about sexual impropriety.', "Most experts said if Abedin hadn't stood next to him, Weiner's campaign for mayor could have been finished. Instead the campaign is severely damaged, but not irreparably.", '"From a communication standpoint, I or any other person in my field would say the same thing. Tell the truth, get your wife up there with you, get her support and win the election," crisis communication expert Robbie Vorhaus said.', 'Vorhaus said that winning the support of the person closest to you -- the person whose trust you damaged the most -- is the most important part of that formula.', '"Once you have a wife, a spouse, standing up there and saying, \'I forgive him,\' what right do we have, theoretically, to hold it against him," Vorhaus said. "The truth is the ultimate spin and if he comes out and says, \'I made a mistake, I made my peace with my wife and she has forgiven me and now I want to be mayor of New York.\' What do you, as a voter, say?"', '"Yes, it is critical," said Don Goldberg, a former adviser to President Bill Clinton and a partner at the Bluetext communications company.', 'As proof, Goldberg points to newly elected Republican U.S. Rep. Mark Sanford of South Carolina.', "After the then-governor admitted to sneaking away to Argentina to be with his mistress in June 2009, Jenny Sanford moved out of the governor's mansion and later divorced him.", 'But Sanford, after offering a mea culpa to the people of South Carolina, triumphed in special election last month.', '"I think the conventional wisdom that the wife has to be supportive and that they can\'t be out there trashing you," Goldberg said. "South Carolina may show that is changing, though."', "Women in Abedin's position are in a no-win situation, said Dr. Jeff Gardere, a clinical psychologist.", '"If they don\'t stand by that person, their family could be very much hurt by this," he said.', 'There are a number of reasons that women stay with an unfaithful man, Gardere said: Children, religious beliefs, a feeling that they can change.', 'But when politics and publicity are involved, the situation is dramatically altered.', 'Hillary Clinton was with her husband in January 1998 when he denied having "sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky." Though she notably distanced herself from him as they later walked to Marine One, the duo is still married today.', '"I think the campaign is much more difficult when the person next to you walks away," Gardere said. "The message is \'I am through with this person, I think he is deeply flawed.\' If you, the person who knows him best, walks away from him, it is harder for the public to believe in him."', "The enduring image of Tuesday's news conference -- where a uncomfortable Abedin stood next to her husband -- sent mixed messages to voters and was a risky proposal, Navarro said.", '"Not having the wife next to you can be certainly, in the short term, a death knell," Navarro said. "But having her out there is a risky proposal because for most people, certainly most women, it was painful to watch her public humiliation and the guy responsible standing right next to her, looking over her shoulder. I think every woman watching that puts herself in that position."', 'But according Goldberg, sort of public awkwardness is better than the alternative.', '"I think that having the wife somehow involved, to whatever degree is very important," Goldberg said. "What is important is to be viewed as not totally accepting, because then it looks like the marriage is a joke. But you have to have enough sense of acknowledgment and contrition that is looks and sounds genuine."', 'The theory Darrell Hayes, a crisis communications professor at American University, thinks about most when he sees a news conference like Weiner\'s is "co-dependency."', '"It is the idea that people assume that it is better to fight through the relationship than break it off," Hayes said. "I get the sense that is the case with Anthony Weiner."', 'The reason for co-dependency, Hayes speculates, is possibly political aspirations for the family, not just her husband.', 'As for why Abedin stood next to Weiner, Goldberg said, "It is probably a combination of support, humility, embarrassment and ego."', 'Navarro, who described Abedin as "a very strong, independent, successful" woman, said her standing beside Weiner on Tuesday opened the family up to a different line of questioning.', '"Why do people want this so bad that they are willing to subject themselves to this humiliation again?"', "It didn't take long for the calls to come in for Anthony Weiner to withdraw from the New York City mayoral contest following his shocking admission.", 'With his wife by his side, Weiner said that some of the sexually explicit online exchanges happened after his resignation from the U.S. House in 2011.', 'The woman at the center of the scandal is a 23-year-old Indiana native who was a strong supporter of the politician even after he resigned from Congress.', "Without Huma Abedin publicly forgiving him, it is unlikely that Anthony Weiner would be running to become New York's next mayor.", "Isn't it time to call the spectacle of the suffering political wife, standing by her man in the media glare as he admits to his latest sexual offense against her, what it really is: spousal abuse?", "New York doesn't seem to be so sure the former congressman should continue his quest to become the city's next mayor.", 'Huma Abedin was front and center as Weiner confessed to having further explicit exchanges, even after the first scandal forced his resignation from Congress.', 'Just about any woman who watched Huma Abedin publicly declare her decision to stick with her husband, embattled New York mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner, had to feel sympathy for her. How could you not?', "Psst! Here's a truth: Politicians lie. They lie about their personal lives like Anthony Weiner did. And Eliot Spitzer. And Mark Sanford. And Bill Clinton. And John Edwards. Shall we go on?", "Anthony Weiner resigned after admitting to sending lewd images to multiple women. But it seems that getting caught wasn't enough to stop him from repeating his mistakes. ", 'Let me just start by saying this: Redemption, political or otherwise, is a good thing.', "From the first explicit photos to his denial, resignation from Congress, bid for New York mayor and the latest scandal, here's a look at former Rep. Anthony Weiner's last few years in the spotlight: ", 'Click through our photo gallery to see which wives have stood by their husbands amidst scandal, and which ones left.']