["A stacked field in the women's 200m freestyle final wasn't nearly enough to stop Allison Schmitt. Schmitt dominated the pool on Tuesday, setting a new Olympic record and giving the United States the overall medal lead.After Missy Franklin bolted to the lead in the first 50 meters, Schmitt overtook her countrywoman, and led from 100 meters on, finishing in a lightning-fast 1:53.61. France's Camille Muffat, the silver medalist, was nearly two seconds behind at 1:55.58.The truly competitive race was for bronze, and Australia's Bronte Barratt won it, nipping Franklin by 0.01 seconds, 1:55.81 to 1:55.82.The gold is the U.S.'s fifth in swimming at the 2012 Olympics, and 13th medal from the pool overall. It also pushes the United States past China, possibly only briefly, in the overall medal count.For more on the Olympics, check out SB Nation's London 2012 Olympics Hub . For more on Olympic swimming, follow the 2012 Olympic swimming section....", 'Adrian, Schmitt each win gold for US in 100-meter freestyle, 4x200 freestyle relay', 'Nathan Adrian took out the Missile by a fingertip. Then Allison Schmitt dealt more heartache to the team from Down Under.Adrian, a 23-year-old largely overshadowed b...', "Australia won the women's 400-meter freestyle relay Saturday night in Olympic-record time while Natalie Coughlin tied a U.S. record without swimming in the race.The ...", "Camille Muffat of France won the women's 400-meter freestyle with an Olympic record Sunday night.Allison Schmitt got the silver with an American record and Great Bri...", "Let's relive the first week of the 2012 Olympics in London with a look back at the good, the bad, the greatest, the mayor, and everything in between.The first week o...", 'Nathan Adrian slapped the water with his hand, causing a splash that reached above the head of the first American to win the 100-meter freestyle at the Olympics sinc...', 'The 2012 Summer Olympics medal count is something that we at SB Nation have constantly been keeping tabs on -- much like the rest of the world, probably -- but amid ...', 'Team USA has been quite impressive in the pool at the 2012 London Olympics thus far. It continued on Wednesday too, as the women were able to pick up yet another gol...', 'Payback. This time, it was France chasing down the United States -- and Ryan Lochte, no less -- to win another riveting relay at the Olympics.With Michael Phelps loo...', '2012 Olympics, 200 Backstroke Results: Tyler Clary Wins 1st Gold, Ryan Lochte Fades To Bronze', "The men's 200-meter backstroke was Ryan Lochte's undercard on the day, with Tyler Clary seemingly posing less of a threat to Lochte than Michael Phelps did in the 20...", "Women's 4x100m Medley Relay: United States Sets One Last World Record In Swimming", "In the final women's pool swimming event at the 2012 Olympic Games in London, the United States was once again golden. The U.S. women not only grabbed the gold in th...", "The United States set a world record to win the women's medley relay at the London Olympics on Saturday.The Americans clocked 3 minutes, 52.05 seconds, slicing 0.14 ...", "Women's 4x200m Freestyle Relay Final: Allison Schmitt  Anchors Gold Medal For United States", "The United States was second to Australia going into the last leg of the women's 4x200-meter freestyle relay final Wednesday at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, b...", 'Kikkan Randall (Anchorage, Alaska) and Jessie Diggins (Afton, Minn.) captured gold in the team sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships on Feb. 24 in Val di ...', "Missy Franklin, Dana Vollmer, Shannon Vreeland and Allison Schmitt gave the U.S. an Olympic record in the women's 800-meter freestyle relay Wednesday night.They won ...", "Allison Schmitt took the lead after the first turn and was off.The American swimmer won the women's 200-meter freestyle Tuesday night with an Olympic record, picking..."]