['throughout her career. Streep starred in Ephron\'s first hit film, 1983\'s "Silkwood," which was directed by  Mike Nichols  and earned Ephron her first Academy Award for screenwriting. The pair worked together again on Ephron\'s memorist ', 'You Can Get It" Direction of a play Nicholas Hytner, "One Man, Two Guvnors" Pam MacKinnon, "Clybourne Park"  Mike Nichols , "Arthur Miller\'s Death of a Salesman" Roger Rees and Alex Timbers, "Peter and the Starcatcher" Direction of ', 'Nov. 6: Lincoln Elected President in 1860; Ronald Reagan Runs for Governor 1966; Wall St. Town Hall From 1987', 'Tornado in Indiana Unusual for November, a strong tornado tore through Kentucky and Indiana. Famous Birthdays 1931  Mike Nichols  1946 Sally Field 1955 Maria Shriver 1960 Michael Cerveris 1970 Ethan Hawke 1972 Rebecca Romijn 1976 Pat Tillman 1988 ', 'Nancy Schoenberger\'s book "Furious Love: Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, and the Marriage of the Century."  Mike Nichols  would reportedly direct. Hollywood sources have also floated Russell Crowe, Clive Owen and Colin Farrell as possible ', 'nickname Good Time Charlie. But Wilson was lionized in "Charlie Wilson\'s War," the book by George Crile and the  Mike Nichols  blockbuster film as the one-man wrecking crew who helped defeat the Soviet army in Afghanistan . But the real life ', "McDormand and Peter Gallagher star in a revival of Clifford Odets' play about a washed-up actor trying for a comeback.  Mike Nichols  directs. Bernard B. Jacobs. Telecharge. Closes July 20. The Lion King. Director Julie Taymor is a modern-day ", 'misconceptions about what I eat and how I live my own life. For example, a few years ago, the playwright and producer  Mike Nichols  came up to me at a benefit for a foundation and said, "Hey, Dean, I\'m on your diet -- if it tastes good, I can\'t ', 'Amidala in the most recent "Star Wars" movies, but she also earned an Oscar nomination for playing a stripper in  Mike Nichols \' "Closer." The 24-year-old actress insists she can handle the controversy. The only position she adamantly ', "Excerpt: 'Stars of David : Prominent Jews Talk About Being Jewish' by Abigail Pogrebin", "like one step in that direction. The specificity of each person's Jewish chronicle was unexpected. The fact that  Mike Nichols  still feels, at his core, like a refugee; that Edgar Bronfman Jr. rejected Judaism because he rejected his father ", 'is more than worthy. Best Director The Nominees: "Million Dollar Baby"; Marc Forster, "Finding Neverland";  Mike Nichols , "Closer"; Alexander Payne, "Sideways"; Martin Scorsese, "The Aviator" Conventional Wisdom: There\'s always ', 'Wright Penn\'s dress. He\'s out of his chair, looking to throw a punch or two. By this time, Diane Sawyer and  Mike Nichols  are so shocked, they get up to leave, even though Nichols is expected to win a Globe for "Angels in America." Al ', "looked to have drawn in close to 100 people and I'm told among those guests were Hollywood veterans Ben Stiller and  Mike Nichols . General Clark showed up around 7 pm EDT with one of the largest entourages I've seen him with to date that included ", 'you know, ingenue or the good-looking juvenile. SAWYER VOICE OVER TAPE: Time for true confessions. My husband  Mike Nichols  decided to bypass the conventional pretty boys and cast Hoffman, still a relative unknown, as Benjamin Braddock in ', "daughter until a few weeks in. I was like, oh, my god, really. She can act. You were saying  mike nichols  and our diane sawyer and  mike nichols  said he loved it. That's a really good sign. One of my heroes so it was really exciting. Congratulations ", "was like, oh, my god, really. She can act. You were saying mike nichols and our diane sawyer and mike nichols said he loved it. That's a really good sign. One of my heroes so it was really exciting. Congratulations. All the best ", "know nothing no no longer the romantic image of confused youth. Midnight Cowboy comes along it's a supporting part  Mike Nichols  affect coldly opened the star the graduate. Mrs. Clinton's chances with stone. Cause he's an ugly character he's ", "image of confused youth. Midnight Cowboy comes along it's a supporting part Mike Nichols affect coldly opened the -- star -- the graduate. Mrs. Clinton's chances -- -- with stone. Cause he's an ugly character he's ", "and one cent. Apology letters from Mike Nicholson's. And then I remember I showed. But you can good luck. Two.  Mike Nichols  house and he got up and I says I still much up here and it and you before you've seen the film easily okay. And it ", "And then I remember I showed. But you can good luck. Two. Mike Nichols house and he got up and I says I still much up -- here and it and you before you've seen the ", "was always the person until me that no matter what I did it was can end singing. Whoopi Goldberg says its director  Mike Nichols  everybody needs somebody that can turn to and is this okay. And Mike's my back. But you don't have to be in the ", "did it was can end -- singing. Whoopi Goldberg says its director Mike Nichols everybody needs somebody that can turn to and -- is this okay. And Mike's my back. But you don't have to be ", "We we we do it justice material to build a good I've heard great things especially from one of our family members  Mike Nichols  and this is director of course married to. Diane Sawyer and it's a wonderful things to say about you say that you ", "I've -- heard great things especially from one of our family members Mike Nichols and this is director of course married to. Diane Sawyer -- and it's a wonderful things to say about you say that ", "husband I consider on loan from Bosnia pitching Webster recalled believes she can probably haven't back when. Why  Mike Nichols  as the man that started my career on Broadway He took me and put me on Broadway and this is the result. spent Christmas ", "Bosnia pitching Webster recalled believes she can probably haven't back when. Why Mike Nichols as the man that started my career on Broadway He took me and put me on Broadway and this is the result. ", 'number of dependents for the performing part of the without live while part was interesting. And but you know we had an  Mike Nichols  is director of the show the united master class from him just to be able to watch him works out. Her new York and LA ', '-- part was interesting. And but you know we had an -- Mike Nichols is director of the show -- -- -- the united master class from him just to be able to watch him works ']