['the runway to Gloria Estefan\'s "Conga" in a Tadashi Shoji lace dress. Other celebs included Jillian Michaels,  Wendy Williams , Brenda Strong, Gabby Douglas, Toni Braxton, Nastia Liukin, Torah Bright, Soledad O\'Brien, Savannah Guthrie ', 'statement, she said, "This is something I have wanted to do all my life so it\'s definitely a dream come true!"  Wendy Williams  and Bethenny Frankel launched talk shows with Fox after doing six week test runs, and the daytime TV market has become ', 'It was the first anytime anyone had said to me, \'You\'re not good enough,\'" she said in an interview on " The Wendy Williams Show ." She said she\'d previously never had trouble getting work as an actress. Winokur has appeared in several ', 'references to his or her "hit list," making threats against many celebrities, including Ellen Page , Perez Hilton,  Wendy Williams  and several members of the Kardashian family.', "NYPD Battles Twitter for Identity of User Promising Violence 'Just Like in Aurora'", 'references to his or her "hit list," making threats against many celebrities, including Ellen Page , Perez Hilton,  Wendy Williams  and several members of the Kardashian family.', 'to hear about Whitney Houston\'s passing. Such a shame. She had one of the most iconic voices of my lifetime."  Wendy Williams : "My family & I are saddened by the loss of a true icon & legend - Whitney Houston. Our thoughts & prayers are w ', "Hines Ward Wins 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 12; Kirstie Alley Takes Second Place", 'actor Romeo, former champion boxer Sugar Ray Leonard, TV personality Kendra Wilkinson and TV/radio talk show host  Wendy Williams . The season premiered Monday, March 21. Each week, the stars and their professional partners performed in one show ', 'actor Romeo, former champion boxer Sugar Ray Leonard, TV personality Kendra Wilkinson and TV/radio talk show host  Wendy Williams . The season premiered Monday, March 21. Each week, the stars and their professional partners performed in one show ', 'Wendy Williams  and Tony Dovolani became the second producing her own talk show, " The Wendy Williams Show ," and raising a 10-year-old in transition... when I get to  the Wendy Williams Show  I\'ll retire this... and go ', "Maksim Chmerkovskiy Speaks About Last Night's Tumble on 'Dancing With the Stars'", 'panic, I started to shake," Wilkinson said. Wilkinson and partner Louis Van Amstel scored a 23. Talk show host  Wendy Williams  ended up at the bottom of the scoreboard with a 15. She and partner Tony Dovolani used Williams\' early career on ', 'Dancing With the Stars Season 12 Results: Mike Catherwood, Lacey Schwimmer First Couple Booted', 'Met Your Mother."  Wendy Williams  Called a "breakthrough New York Times,  Wendy Williams  burst onto the national syndicated program, " The Wendy Williams Show ." Touted by People Heat" and "The  Wendy Williams  Experience." Click ', "'Dancing With the Stars': On Season 12 Premiere Night, 'Karate Kid's' Ralph Macchio Leads Pack", 'couples, getting 13 points out of a possible 30 from the judges for their fox-trot. TV talk show host and author  Wendy Williams  earned a 14 out of a possible 30 points for her cha-cha with partner Tony Dovolani. "I know you\'ve got personality ', 'Ballas Sugar Ray Leonard and Anna Trebunsakaya Ralph Macchio and Karina Smirnoff Petra Nemcova and Dimitry Chaplin Romeo and Chelsie Hightower Hines Ward and Kym Johnson Kendra Wilkinson and Louis van Amstel  Wendy Williams  and Tony Dovolani', "thing that that I have a little edge is that. watch TV every we're live tape every day out of new York at 10 AM  the Wendy Williams show  and so I'm not scared to perform in front of a live audience that's number one the other thing is that I'm ", "we're live tape every day out of new York at 10 AM the Wendy Williams show and so I'm not scared to perform in front of a live audience that's number one -- -- the other thing is ", 'finalists. Here to give us a wrap-up of last night,  wendy williams . How about emmitt smith last night in top of the leaderboard little stiff dancing. Look who is talking. But I am.  Wendy williams , big predictions. We want to hear from you. Go to ', 'winners and finalists. Here to give us a wrap-up of last night, wendy williams . How about emmitt smith last night in top of the leaderboard. He was born to dance. I liked his costume. He just ', 'was a little stiff dancing. Look who is talking. But I am. Wendy williams , big predictions. We want to hear from you. Go to goodmorningamerica.Com and tell us who younk is leaving ', 'Fellow Olympic skater Johnny Weir and checks feud continues. After had these words to say about on  the Wendy Williams show  after He was not invited to participate in stars on ice. A lot of us in the skating world were really disappointed ', 'feud continues. After -- had these words to say about -- on the Wendy Williams show after He was not invited to participate in stars on ice. A lot of us in the skating world were really disappointed ', 'Well  the Wendy Williams show  it looked more like hey Jerry Springer episode when TB villain on the Rosa stepped onto the set yesterday the former apprentice ', 'Well the Wendy Williams show it looked more like hey Jerry Springer episode when TB villain on the Rosa stepped onto the set yesterday the former apprentice ', "Lastly show us dollars smoky. And while they didn't YouTube video making fun of Put you. Went on  the Wendy Williams show  the other day to make amends about what happened was that you had set a couple of things about snuck Bush said ", '-- -- YouTube video making fun of -- Put you. Went on the Wendy Williams show the other day to make amends -- about what happened was that you had set a couple of things about snuck -- ', "right now. They're saying you. Yes yeah. The challenge. On ballots not everyone is so confident talk show host  Wendy Williams  joked about her dancing ability. Or lack I can move the problem. The waste That people but that's an I can I got ", "On -- ballots -- not everyone is so confident talk show host Wendy Williams joked about her dancing ability. Or lack -- I can move the problem. The waste -- That people but that's an -- ", 'Talk-show host bashes singer, saying she "sounds like she has a fifth-grade education."']