['are poet Maya Angelou and actor Matt Damon. The NRA also thinks that funnywoman Ellen Degeneres and deceased director  Nora Ephron , the brains behind classics like "Sleepless in Seattle" are "anti-gun." Ben and Jerry\'s and the Kansas City ', 'Obamacare Decision Eve, House Hunters, Fundraising Edition, the Biden Depression (PM Note)', "documents related to the Fast and Furious gun-walking operation. http://abcn.ws/QkersZ (John Parkinson)  Nora Ephron 's Involvement with Politics - Washington Intern Before She Was a Hollywood Hit - http://abcn.ws/MBm4Zj (Amy ", "Nora Ephron  in 2006. Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post/Getty Images It never occurred to me that  Nora Ephron  could die. But she did, yesterday. She didn't seem the type. She ", "think it was funny. That the great  Nora Ephron  died last night at 71. That it that possible? I was going to ask  Nora Ephron  if a starstruck outsider could never forget. I was going to be  Nora Ephron 's friend, dammit. Sure, maybe ", 'Image Credit: Munawar Hosain/Fotos International/Getty Images Writer and director  Nora Ephron , who died Tuesday night at age 71, will be remembered by many as the fearless female who introduced Harry to Sally, taught Tom ', 'with men because they think \'if I could just understand them, maybe it wouldn\'t be so hard.\'" - Nora Ephron  Credit: Getty Images  Nora Ephron , the writer, producer and director of such American film classics as "When Harry Met Sally" and ', 'Nora Ephron  , the filmmaker, humorist and journalist who died Tuesday at 71, was first and foremost a writer, known for her quick wit ', 'Coming to College Football College football is set to launch a four team playoff system in 2014. 5. Loss of a Legend  Nora Ephron , a screenwriter and director best known for "When Harry Met Sally" and "Sleepless in Seattle," died of leukemia ', 'The writer and director  Nora Ephron  is gravely ill in her battle with leukemia, her agent tells ABC News. Ephron, the writer of such iconic films as "Harry Met ', 'Nora Ephron , the writer and director of American film classics such as "When Harry Met Sally" and "Sleepless in Seattle," died today ', 'was a top seller. The American Booksellers Association says its member bookshops reported strong sales to women of  Nora Ephron \'s "I Feel Bad About my Neck: And other Thoughts on Being A woman." President Obama\'s "The Audacity of Hope ', 'ingredients and a few simple recipes, maybe a couple of jokes or a \'topic to dissect\' at the table, the way they do at  Nora Ephron \'s house." On making her own root beer: "The day we were finding the formula, my daughter, who was four years ', 'became the story boards for our lives tonight we remember  Nora Ephron . When Harry met Sally she wrote that sleepless in Seattle directed that two. And Julie and Julia was movie as well  Nora Ephron  was seventy once she started as a reporter for the New ', 'and became the story boards for -- our lives tonight we remember Nora Ephron . When Harry met Sally she wrote that sleepless in Seattle she wrote and directed that two. And Julie and Julia was -- movie as well Nora Ephron was seventy once she started as a reporter for the New York Post. She had battled leukemia in recent years but it ', 'Writer and friend who brought so into our lives filmmaker  Nora Ephron  guiding hand behind romantic comedy classics like when woman who imagine them. I guess you can change and not  Nora Ephron  wrote what she knew she once explained Diane Sawyer ', "Writer and friend who brought so -- -- into our lives filmmaker Nora Ephron -- guiding hand behind romantic comedy classics like when Harry met Sally and sleepless in Seattle. Died yesterday after a battle with leukemia. This is not a -- for plot lines were simple that men and women can't be friends because sex part always gets. Her characters delightfully complicated eloquent and funny just like a woman who imagine them. I guess you can change and -- not Nora Ephron wrote what she knew she once explained Diane Sawyer. Men don't really wanna be friends with women they have already got friends ", 'We have some sad news to report tonight  Nora Ephron  the Oscar nominated writer director and friend to so many of us at ABC has died after battling leukemia. The 71 year old Hollywood ', 'We have some sad news to report tonight Nora Ephron the Oscar nominated writer director and friend to so many of us at ABC has died after battling leukemia. The 71 year ', 'Ephron remembered for hit films as "Sleepless in Seattle" and "You\'ve Got Mail."', 'We marked a sad passing. Only hours ago legendary writer and film director  Nora Ephron  died at 71 from complications. Brought on by leukemia. For decades she created complex interest in female characters who captured ', "marked a sad passing. Only hours ago legendary writer and film director Nora Ephron died at 71 from complications. Brought on by leukemia. For decades she created complex interest in female characters who captured americans' hearts "]