['This week on "Popcorn with Peter Travers," Peter names the best and worst movies of the year so far!', "right now. Is happening really scary movie from  M .  Night Shyamalan . The star of the movie now will be with us in a when we read about it ends its so mysterious that  M .  Night Shyamalan  the director and writer and producer. Doesn't ", "-- happening right now. Is -- happening -- really scary movie from M . Night Shyamalan The star of the movie -- -- -- now will be with us in a minute but first. Let's take a peek ", "we hear when we read about it ends its so mysterious that M . Night Shyamalan the director and writer and producer. Doesn't really want us to say anything so can He tell us. This tease us with ", "vendor is in theaters today written and directed by  M .  Night Shyamalan  who gave us the sixth sense and signs. But it's as the start a movie based on the Internet and  Night Shyamalan  his latest film is based on Animated cable TV series ", "Last year vendor is in theaters today written and directed by M . Night Shyamalan who gave us the sixth sense and signs. But it's unlikely the last air Bender we'll add much to his -- may ", "kind of movie and book. that kind of that's. Awful sounding to me the last air It's fantasy it is directed by  M .  Night Shyamalan  who used to be a good director sixth sense unbreakable. There. But look what they have not found on has given ", "last air -- -- -- -- It's fantasy it is directed by M . Night Shyamalan who used to be a good director sixth sense unbreakable. There. But look what they have not found on has given us ", "traditional ankles. 335. Guests from political powerhouses like Nancy Pelosi and Colin Powell. Hollywood directors  M .  Night Shyamalan  and Steven Spielberg and actors Alfre Woodard and Blair Underwood and even yours truly. We're escorted to the ", "Guests from political powerhouses like Nancy Pelosi and Colin Powell. Hollywood directors M . Night Shyamalan and Steven Spielberg and actors Alfre Woodard and Blair Underwood and even yours truly. We're escorted to the South Lawn of the ", "already an accomplished fact there has been happening opening this summer opposite Mark Wahlberg it's directed by  M .  Night Shyamalan . Who gave little Abigail her start back in 2002 sides busy time for the rest and Nat you back to you runs in the ", "has been happening opening this summer opposite Mark Wahlberg it's directed by M . Night Shyamalan Who gave little Abigail her start back in 2002 sides busy time for the rest and Nat -- -- you back to ", "bad and I hate to say just kids but Hebert agreed with me that casting is really bad really I think that his pay day and  Night Shyamalan  might be and two and half colonels and I would say even though it's 380 and normally love a three it's not worth seeing ", "casting is really bad really I think that his pay day and Night Shyamalan might be -- -- and -- -- two and half colonels and I would say even though it's 380 and normally -- "]