['together on the recent acclaimed revival of " Who \' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?" MacKinnon won the best directing Tony and Jerry Frankel, who helped produce the revival of  Edward Albee \'s play. Letts adapted his play into a movie ', 'Welsh actor  Richard Burton  - will be Cleopatra" with  Elizabeth Taylor , who played Sandpaper," " Who \' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf " and "The great actor  Richard Burton  will be honored the star of  Elizabeth Taylor ," Leron ', 'tumultuous love affair between  Elizabeth Taylor  and  Richard Burton  . Sunday, Lindsay Lohan newly-published diaries. "The  Richard Burton  Diaries" pulls from 400 1966 film adaptation of " Who \' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?" The pair were married ', 'Beatles Love show. 6.  Elizabeth Taylor  In addition to  Elizabeth Taylor \'s movie classics like "Cleopatra" and " Who \' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?" her successful Christie\'s auctioned off  Elizabeth Taylor \'s jewelry and clothing ', 'sixth husband  Richard Burton  . "I don\'t Movie Star:  Elizabeth Taylor  in Hollywood Tivey at  Elizabeth Taylor \'s 75th making \' Who \' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ,\' she had in Idaho.  Elizabeth Taylor , Mother affair with  Richard  [ Burton ] , it was ', 'Back in 1990,  Elizabeth Taylor  came close to dying reasons we think  Elizabeth Taylor  was awesome. 1 wife for her) for  Richard Burton . Elizabeth says Best Actress in " Who \' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ," and the Jean ', 'appear in public.  Elizabeth Taylor  during a rare outing Last Summer."  Elizabeth Taylor  posing on the beach won Oscars for " Who \' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?" in 1966 and wasn\'t her."  Elizabeth Taylor  at a 1991 press ', "Elizabeth Taylor  may be remembered Butterfield 8, and  Who ' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? Yet despite being Be a Movie Star:  Elizabeth Taylor  in Hollywood. Doing Mann explained that  Elizabeth Taylor  enjoyed her fur coats ", 'In her prime,  Elizabeth Taylor  wasn\'t just considered Beauty. "I think  Richard Burton  called her a \'miracle two-time husband  Richard Burton  may have called the face," he said. " Elizabeth Taylor  was a great beauty ', 'about the death of  Elizabeth Taylor . She was surrounded View" co-host: " Elizabeth Taylor  was truly one of the Stone movie critic: " Elizabeth Taylor  takes final bow than as Martha in  Virginia Woolf ." Some stars went ', 'Tempestuous Love of Her Life 5.  Richard Burton : March 1964 - June 1974 and 6.  Richard Burton : Oct 1975 - Aug 1976 Their together, most notably in " Who \' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?" which was likened in the ', 'to biographers.  Elizabeth Taylor  posing in a red bathing suit, 1953.  Elizabeth Taylor \'s Hollywood Legacy won Oscars for " Who \' s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?" and "Butterfield amfAR) and The  Elizabeth Taylor  AIDS Foundation ', 'Actress  Elizabeth Taylor  was released today from the hospital where she spent an alcoholic wife opposite her husband at the time,  Richard Burton , in  Who s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? In May, the London-born actress was given the ']