["as her mother took the stand in support of her brother.  Mark Kerrigan  is charged with killing their father Daniel into drunken gesture and that Danny felt as though I don't. The yeah.  Mark Kerrigan  was also in tears he's on trial for manslaughter. Prosecutors ", 'family as her mother took the stand in support of her brother. Mark Kerrigan is charged with killing their father Daniel into drunken fight last year. If you are here in the -- -- is today. ', "to gesture and that Danny felt as though I don't. The yeah. Mark Kerrigan was also in tears he's on trial for manslaughter. Prosecutors say that fight caused Daniel's blood pressure to rise. Overwhelming arteries that ", "exactly what role the altercation. Played in his debt.  Mark Kerrigan  could be a lot of trouble Wendy Murphy is a law professor of death He all of prosecutors have to show is that what  Mark Kerrigan  did was. cause of death doesn't have to be the only key ", "autopsy to determine exactly what role the altercation. Played in his debt. Mark Kerrigan could be a lot of trouble Wendy Murphy is a law professor in Boston a lot of people are thinking well just because. Mark -- again. Irritated and aggravated his father and that might have caused the heart attack doesn't mean He should be charged with homicide but here's a lot of people don't understand. It doesn't have to be the only cause of death He all of prosecutors have to show is that what Mark Kerrigan did was. -- cause of death doesn't have to be the only key. -- in the meantime once again through no fault ", "her mother have circled the wagons insisting Daniel died as a result of a heart condition and not from a fight with mark.  Mark Kerrigan  loved his father. and was a very very sick man no one knew it maybe He knew but He didn't share with anybody. Police ", 'result of a heart condition and not from a fight with mark. Mark Kerrigan loved his father. -- -- and was a very very sick man no one knew it maybe He knew -- but He ', 'death of their seven year old father. Daniel Kerrigan suffered heart failure during a heated argument with his son mark  Mark Kerrigan  was however convicted of assault and battery and and in the Chicago corruption trial of ousted Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich ', '-- suffered heart failure during a heated argument with his son mark Mark Kerrigan was however convicted of assault and battery and and in the Chicago corruption -- trial of ousted Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich. Chicago ']