['is almost over? Yes." Nancy and  Brenda Kerrigan , Daniel Kerrigan\'s wife, have night was played for the jury in which  Brenda Kerrigan  could be heard yelling for her son assault. At one point, Daniel and  Brenda Kerrigan  even sued their son, according to ', 'reported that her husband had fallen. But during the call,  Brenda Kerrigan  could be heard yelling for her son, Mark, to get away operator whether there was fighting in the background,  Brenda Kerrigan  said: "Oh, yes." Her son then took the phone and spoke ', "parents' basement and had a long history of drinking problems, law enforcement sources said. Kerrigan Family Stands by Mark  Brenda Kerrigan , Kerrigan's wife and Mark and Nancy's mother, maintained her son's innocence, claiming that Kerrigan died from ", "relationship between father and son was not easy. According to civil documents obtained by the Boston Globe, Daniel and  Brenda Kerrigan  sued Mark for $105,000 for money spent to take care of his dogs and pay his mortgage and lawyers' fees. The case was ", 'followed closely by another: that in March 2008, Daniel and  Brenda Kerrigan  had taken the unusual and difficult step of suing Mark court documents obtained by the Boston Herald, Daniel and  Brenda Kerrigan  claimed their son owed them money they had paid to cover ', 'I\'ll tell you something, it\'s a shock. It was a massive heart attack. That\'s how he died, that\'s it," said  Brenda Kerrigan , Nancy and Mark\'s mother, said earlier this year. Daniel Kerrigan\'s official cause of death was ruled to be cardiac ', 'From Heart Attack Reached by phone,  Brenda Kerrigan , Nancy\'s mother, told ABCNews how he died, that\'s it," said  Brenda Kerrigan . Nancy Kerrigan won a silver medal found by the Boston Globe, Daniel and  Brenda Kerrigan  sued Mark for $105,000 for money ', 'police report. Reached by phone,  Brenda Kerrigan , Nancy\'s mother, told ABCNews how he died, that\'s it," said  Brenda Kerrigan . Nancy Kerrigan won a silver medal found by the Boston Globe, Daniel and  Brenda Kerrigan  sued Mark for $105,000 for money ', "killing their father Daniel into drunken fight last year. If you are here in the is today. Today. First time it didn't.  Brenda Kerrigan  fight back tears while trying to defend mark who prosecutors say choked her seven year old husband was welcome to Nancy ", "here in the -- -- is today. Today. First time it didn't. Brenda Kerrigan fight back tears while trying to defend mark who prosecutors say choked her seven year old husband was welcome to -- Nancy ", "joined now by our legal analyst Dan Abrams and play that seem like powerful testimony. From  Brenda Kerrigan  it's kind of help the defense oh absolutely and in most of these cases you see a family member testified it's emotional it's ", "legal analyst Dan Abrams and play that seem like powerful testimony. From Brenda Kerrigan it's kind of help the defense oh absolutely and in most of these cases -- you see a family member testified it's "]