[" Want to keep your wits sharp as the years go by? You're not alone. Most people are worried about losing their memory as they age, and a new study shows it's a valid concern: In fact, at 53 percent -- more than half of all people -- have at least a minor mental decline in their 70s and 80s, and about 16 percent develop more serious problems with memory and other mental functions as they age. ", '"It really is never too late to start exercising," says one expert. Even steady walking can help the brain. ', '   The good news is that many people don\'t experience mental decline, according to a study published in the journal Neurology. About 1 in 3 people in the study breezed through their 70s and into their 80s without any memory problems. What\'s more, when the researchers took a close look at this group, whom they call "cognitive maintainers," they found evidence that although genes or illnesses can increase the risk of memory loss, there are still many things you can do to save your aging brain. It seems that exercise is key, and mental activity and a vibrant social life can\'t hurt, either. "There are some things that you can definitely take charge of, and not only will they benefit the brain but benefit the rest of your body," says Jennifer Weuve, M.P.H., Sc.D., an assistant professor at the Rush Institute for Healthy Aging, who was not involved in the study. "There seems to be a little bit that may be within our control. It\'s not a given that your brain has to go down the tubes." Here\'s what the research team, led by Alexandra J. Fiocco, Ph.D., of the University of California, San Francisco, found: ', ' "It really is never too late to start exercising," says Kirk Erickson, Ph.D., of the University of Pittsburgh. "Even people who remain sedentary most of their life can benefit from participating in an exercise regimen." Walking at a steady pace 3 days a week for 30-45 minutes per day "is enough to actually enhance cognitive function and reverse some of the deficits that may be occurring with old age."  "The second thing that is important for keeping a healthy brain as you age is to remain intellectually curious," he says. "That is, don\'t be afraid to learn new things. Pursue things that you find interesting and try to search out new and novel avenues for your mind and brain to work on."', "Top NewsSenators 'troubled' after Rice meetingBergen: Senseless Benghazi obsession  "]