['understand why a  killer whale  would essentially questions, should  killer whales  be kept in captivity documented case of a  killer whale  ever killing anybody when the first  killer whales  were captured protocols for its  killer whale  program that have While all  killer whales  are now separated ', 'And tonight, killer whales kept in captivity. Tourists love the see them jump through the hoops and leap out of the water. Tonight, abc\'s linsey davis tells us about the new documentary that re-examines an incident at sea world that killed a trainer. It raises new questions about the creatures in captivity. Reporter: A seemingly playful scene that turns deadly in an instant. Three years ago, tilikum, a 12,000 pound 22 foot long killer whale killed 40-year-old seaworld trainer dawn brancheau. His story is now the subject of a new documentary called "blackfish." I didn\'t understand why a killer whale would essentially bite the hand that feeds it. Reporter: In her documentary, gabriela cowperwaite questions, should killer whales be kept in captivity? Is it true that killer whales have never been responsible for loss of life in the wild? This is true. There\'s no documented case of a killer whale ever killing anybody in the wild. It\'s only in captivity. Reporter: Cowperthwaite goes back 40 years, when the first killer whales were captured for marine parks. They had speedboats. They had bombs they were throwing in the water to herd the whales into coves. Reporter: Tilikum was about 2 years old when he was captured off the coast of iceland in 1983. A year later, he was sent to marine park where he and two other killer whales were kept at night in a holding pen just 20 feet wide and 30 feet deep. Closing that door on him and knowing that he\'s locked in there for the whole night is like -- it\'s a stab. It\'s a, whoa. Reporter: During tilikum\'s 30 years in captivity he has been associated with 3 of the 4 deaths involving killer whales in parks. Seaworld says that, "since 2010 the company has voluntarily implemented significant changes to the training protocols for its killer whale program that have proven to be safe and effective." While all killer whales are now separated from trainers in shows, tilikum remains at seaworld, as the search for answers continues. Linsey davis, abc news, new ', "understand why a  killer whale  would. Essentially question should  killer whales  be held in captivity behavior of the  killer whale  isn't 100 incident reports of  killer whales  and gauging and protocols for its  killer whale  program. They're marine mammals like  killer whales  provides an valuable ", "seems so joyful. -- SeaWorld trainer dawn Rancho performing with Telecom spectacular killer whale she -- laced with him. Bonds they lie down together in shallow water. And then something goes terribly wrong. This whale grabbed her pulled them a lot of till it come. 121000. Pound 22 foot long killer whale kills the forty year old trainer igniting controversy that still playing out today. I don't understand why a killer whale would. Essentially bite the hand that feeds it -- you know his trainer so you know presume that they have this loving bond. Get every helicopter -- is a filmmaker whose latest documentary black fish examines just -- to a common branch teller arrived at the -- moment three years ago. And -- question should killer whales be held in captivity. One of the things that shocked me the most was how violent and prolonged and ones that is ", "this incident have been a surprise there had been four deaths involving killer whales in captivity -- -- has been associated with three of them. First someone who's never met him at a spent any time -- and how would you describe. Carlisle is until it that was a real puppy dog that tennis shoes and how naive I was. To -- come is the patriarch of roughly half of all the killer whales at SeaWorld parks. The crown favorite. What does the -- that causes people just fall in love with these animals there's such ", "life spends. The adult offspring never leave their mother's side. True. -- killer whales have never been responsible for loss of life in the wild that's the human life. This -- true there's no documented case ", "telling the story of tilikum. A performing  killer whale  that's been associated with three deaths premise of the new documentary. We thought  killer whales  are friends. We don't understand why a  killer whale  would essentially bite the hand that ", "misleading and scientifically inaccurate. Blackfish telling the story of tilikum. A performing killer whale that's been associated with three deaths while in captivity. Most recently the 2010 death of the seeworld trainer dawn. From playful to tragic, tilikum unexpected pulls her into the water, ultimately killing her. What led to that fateful moment is the premise of the new documentary. We thought killer whales are friends. We don't understand why a killer whale would essentially bite the hand that feeds it. Reporter: The film questions what triggered this aggressive behave seaworld is calling that and ", 'with a pod of  killer whales  off of Vancouver happens when  killer whales  killer sharks shark. And the  killer whale . Creatures of white. These  killer whales  have spotted And for the  killer whale  it is an art ', "retreat to dry land after having close encounter with a pod of killer whales off of Vancouver Island. Tonight ABC's tiny Rivera brings us a look at what happens when killer whales -- -- killer sharks beat candidacy. Great white shark. And the killer whale . Creatures of mythic proportions. But they come with vastly different on screen personas. The -- -- -- I've -- Gentle giant free Willy. But in reality killer whale is anything but gentle. It's dark and male. The top of the chronic food chain both built for -- killed but very ", 'surprises many is that it is actually. Hardly survive a pod of killer whales than escaped from a great white. These killer whales have spotted their prey on a block of ice with chilling precision they line up and strike. Losing their skills to create ', 'Coming up next for us  killer whales  stranded on an Australian time. And stranded  killer whales  returned to see. Happy for everybody seven  killer whale  found themselves stranded return five of the seven  killer whales  to their that freedom ', "fast with the Smartphone self promotion. And -- happy ending for five killer whales from a pond they got stranded off the coast of Australia. We'll have the whale's tail in tonight's -- frenzy. From New ", "life -- -- OK go for itself. Coming up next for us killer whales stranded on an Australian sandbar are rescued from their day at the beach that's coming up on tonight's. Rescued a little girl held hostage at Wal-Mart returned safely. Her mother speaks for the first time. And stranded killer whales returned to see. Happy endings on tonight's -- -- It was a day of old secrets coming to life for Aaron Hernandez ", 'day tomorrow. Fun in the sun is -- store for everybody seven killer whale found themselves stranded on a sandbar off the southern coast of Australia today. Ranges from wildlife services worked heroically to keep the beached whales from overheating while they waited -- tied to rise again. They were able to return five of the seven killer whales to their -- -- that freedom never tasted so sweet. -- -- And thank you for watching ABC news world news now ', 'Rob nelson has more on the international fight to free these giants. Reporter: In this amateur video, you can see the  killer whales  fighting to break through a thick blanket of arctic ice. As people from a nearby town watch helplessly. At least 12 of ', 'free these giants. Reporter: In this amateur video, you can see the killer whales fighting to break through a thick blanket of arctic ice. As people from a nearby town watch helplessly. At least 12 of ', "san diego seaworld, where a  killer whale  is recovering from a mysterious But now, an 11-year-old  killer whale  at the park is injured, with agriculture. It's hard to say if  killer whales  are playing rough or if these ", "a complaint with the department of agriculture. It's hard to say if killer whales are playing rough or if these are just aggressive interactions between individuals. Reporter: Seaworld says veterinarians determined the injury is not an ", "trainer did to survive here's ABC's that It's a ballet  killer whale  grabbed trainer Ken Peters by the feet. 5000. Pounds of don't jumped to his rescue. Because it would only excite the  killer whale  even more. Jalisco Peters eases down her back pastor dorsal ", "to survive here's ABC's -- that -- It's a -- ballet -- killer whale grabbed trainer Ken Peters by the feet. 5000. Pounds of muscle. -- the size of bananas. That the city has -- these ", "others don't jumped to his rescue. Because it would only excite the killer whale even more. Jalisco Peters eases down her back pastor dorsal. At the right moment. He makes a -- -- tries to walk ", 'Footage from 2004 shows a  killer whale  turning on a San Antonio Sea World trainer.', "with a pod of  killer whales  off of Vancouver happens when  killer whales  they're killer shark. And the  killer whale . Creatures a But in reality  killer whale  is anything but different animals.  Killer whales  are very social ", "faithful. And it's the on the water back where killer sharks vs killer whales . Showdown -- up under water food chain. From New York City. Is Nightline with the bill week. Great to be with you ", 'thanks to you coming up next when it is killer sharks -- killer whales and which alpha predator. Comes out on top. When it comes to fearsome creatures that lurk beneath the waves sharks have long ', "retreat to dry land after having close encounter with a pod of killer whales off of Vancouver Island. Tonight ABC's honey Rivera brings us a look at what happens when killer whales they're -- killer sharks beat king -- -- -- -- great white shark. And the killer whale . Creatures -- a mythic proportions. But they come with vastly different on screen personas but -- -- job I've -- Gentle giants free Willy. But in reality killer whale is anything but gentle. Both -- and male. Food chain vote. Built for the -- but very different animals. Killer whales are very social. Organisms there have very stable family unit great white sharks and their more solitary animals. Differences that become most ", 'playfully feeding Telecom the  killer whale  but moments later this show would In the pool lying next the  killer whale  just moments before the attack from being in the water with  killer whales  including at this emotional tribute ', 'but -- show was filmed. In the pool lying next -- the killer whale just moments before the attack. Sadler cynic who brought -- to SeaWorld told us -- will most likely intrigue Lybrand shows pony tail. Don if she was standing here with me right now would tell you that it was her. That was our mistake. And allowing that to happen. After her death seawolf -- trainer from being in the water with -- killer whales including at this emotional tribute to brand show. Today OSHA is set to reveal the results of its investigation. Shedding new light ', 'Orlando. And in an. Eerie setting with  killer whales  looking on the CEO at SeaWorld says have to understand the anatomy of a  killer whale  specifically the area around its mouth precise. A full grown 22 foot long  killer whale  can dine at the bottom of the ocean ', '-- -- in Orlando. And -- -- in an. Eerie setting with killer whales looking on the CEO at SeaWorld says tourist video like this shot moments before Don -- shows death. Are an important part ', 'Orlando. And in an. Eerie setting with  killer whales  looking on the CEO at SeaWorld says have to understand the anatomy of a  killer whale  specifically the area around its mouth precise. A full grown 22 foot long  killer whale  can dine at the bottom of the ocean ', 'dungy -- -- an Orlando. And -- in an. Eerie setting with killer whales looking on the CEO at SeaWorld says tourist video like this shot moments before -- -- shows death. Are an important part ', "Aside from SeaWorld in San Diego  killer whales  are a rare thing to behold Southern Agency grey whales sea blue whales never  killer whales  and naturally we wanted to see this right there seal lions apparently  killer whales  eat them. Now he's still alive look ", "David Wright has their story. Yeah. Aside from SeaWorld in San Diego killer whales are a rare thing to behold -- Southern California. -- drew post home for the holidays captured these crystal clear images here this week. We've got some amazing records -- you that you very much when was the -- -- -- First time he's ever seen -- outside Orange County. The day and night I grew up here. Agency grey whales sea blue whales -- never killer whales and naturally we wanted to see this rare sight ourselves. But it -- just a few miles offshore site. The school of ", "them on this rare journey sound. -- right there seal lions apparently killer whales eat them. Now he's still alive look at a -- captured rather dramatically on camera this week from the deck of another Orange County -- dolphins safari. The last for us lightning didn't strike twice we -- -- gray whales and -- plenty impressive. The killer whales beat gray whales for lunch. I'm jealous we'll have to step down. What they look -- coming out I'm sure you'll see ", 'speaks for the first time and stranded  killer whales  returned to see. Happy endings on sun is not store for everybody seven  killer whales  found themselves stranded on a sandbar were able to return five of the seven  killer whales  to their that freedom never tasted ', "Wal-Mart returned safely her mother speaks for the first time and stranded killer whales returned to see. Happy endings on tonight's -- -- -- it was a day of old secrets coming to -- for Aaron ", 'tomorrow. Fun in the sun is not -- store for everybody seven killer whales found themselves stranded on a sandbar off the southern coast of Australia today. Ranges from wildlife services worked heroically to keep the beached whales from overheating while they waited -- tied to rise again. They were able to return five of the seven killer whales to their -- -- that freedom never tasted so sweet. Or self. ', 'she was not seriously hurt. A killer rescue effort in australia where a crew jumped into action to save a pod of stranded  killer whales . Seven of them got stuck on a sand bar oos they were trying to get into deeper waters. The rescue teamed overwhelmed but ', 'where a crew jumped into action to save a pod of stranded killer whales . Seven of them got stuck on a sand bar oos they were trying to get into deeper waters. The rescue teamed overwhelmed ', 'me! Not kidding, an or ka moves in. You can watch it grown. The  killer whale  seems to say thanks for the snack. He slowly swims off and one of the fisherman had time to snap a selfie with the  killer whale  right there in the background.', 'kidding, an or ka moves in. You can watch it grown. The killer whale seems to say thanks for the snack. He slowly swims off and one of the fisherman had time to snap a selfie with the killer whale right there in the background. ', '11 desperate orcas,  killer whales . We all watched that route. This pod of  killer whales  was trapped in the next. Reporter: A  killer whale  can go about 20 minutes they were gone. The  killer whale  is the social predator ', "A new development tonight for those 11 desperate orcas, killer whales . We all watched that video of them today, trapped by the ice, forced to breathe through the small hole. Well, tonight, nature has given them a path, but it is a long way out. Abc's neal karlinskytells us about their dramatic attempt to escape. Reporter: They are a family fighting for survival, taking turns to breathe, doing what's called spy hopping, literally peeking out above the waterline, desperately looking for an escape route. This pod of killer whales was trapped in the ice of canada's hudson bay by a cruel turn in the weather. Temperatures in the bay have been unusually warm, luring the family in search of food. But as the temperatures dropped, the bay iced over. There was no way out. With only one hole to share for those precious breaths, they were running out of time. With no real escape route from the hudson bay, they just move from one little breathing area to the next. Reporter: A killer whale can go about 20 minutes at the absolute maximum on one breath. Swimming little more than a mile before needing air. The "]