['out onto the stage. Who could it be? CLICK HERE to see photos of Winfrey through the years. Last year "Oprah,"  Kitty Kelley \'s unauthorized biography hit Amazon\'s bestseller list. The media mogul didn\'t cooperate with Kelley on the book ', "personal history in order to keep other media from getting hold of the story first. Sensational celebrity biographer  Kitty Kelley , who wrote a 2010 unauthorized biography of Winfrey, has said she believes the secret is a half-sister of Winfrey's ", 'Oprah Winfrey \'s story is selling fast. As of this morning when it officially went on sale, "Oprah,"  Kitty Kelley \'s unauthorized 525-page, revelation-filled biography about the media mogul, ranked No. 3 on Amazon.com\'s list of bestsellers ', 'going to make her book club selection," King told "Good Morning America" today. King said she had not read the  Kitty Kelley  book, "Oprah," but "when I heard she interviewed 850 people, I\'m thinking, Oprah doesn\'t even know 850 people ', 'who has the credibility of telling a good, fun story with the great subject matter." He suggested that authors like  Kitty Kelley  or Tina Brown would be able to run away with a hot summer hit if they chose to write about Jackson. In the immediate ', 'Mansfield\'s "Faith of George W. Bush," Bill Minutaglio\'s "First Son," about his early years. Stone also read  Kitty Kelley \'s "The Family," a gossip-heavy account of the Bush family, for insight into the father-son dynamic but did not ', "David Borin-- Gibson: Senator Borin. Bush: Gibson: Ah. Bush: And yet Woodward puts it in the book. That's a  Kitty Kelley  journalism in my view, and he can get away with it, he's a very famous journalist. There's no accountability ", "of Indians over revenue from land leases, reports the New York Times ' John Files. LINK Richard Lieby reports that  Kitty Kelley  and Washingtonian magazine are breaking up. LINK Mary Frances Berry, the chairwoman of the United States Civil Rights ", "and LINK The New York Times on Porter Goss laying down the law at the CIA: LINK An Alabama freelance writer is suing  Kitty Kelley  for plagiarism, reports the New York Times ' Ed Wyatt. LINK The New York Post 's Fred Dicker found out that Gov ", "would be hundreds of times as great as that of Sept. 11. Understandably enough, most of us would rather talk about  Kitty Kelley 's book or possibly counterfeit memos than such a prospect. Unpleasant though it is, we should pay close attention ", 'weapons back / Now crooks can get guns, bigger than the ones / On the shoulders of our soldiers in Iraq. (SPOKEN)  Kitty Kelley  is trashing George Bush this round / After tearing Jackie O, Diana and Old Blue Eyes down ... / She wrote Dubya did ', 'headline reads: "Bush lead grows in N.C." LINK In his latest Wall Street Journal column, Alan Murray fact checks  Kitty Kelley . LINK ABC News Vote 2004: Bush-Cheney re-elect: Today, the Bush-Cheney \'04 campaign releases its second television ', 'Kitty: Heaven personified: Frank Bruni writing about  Kitty Kelley  in the House and Home section of the New York Times holds a rally in Mayo Field, Rochester, MN 6:00 pm:  Kitty Kelley  speaks to the Washington Independent Writers about her ', 'house in the area and for good cause. Reporter: Here in beverly hills, this mansion has enough stories to fill a  kitty kelley  tell-all. Listed for $115 million, it\'s been the setting for whitney houston in "the bodyguard." And 40 years ', 'Here in beverly hills, this mansion has enough stories to fill a kitty kelley tell-all. Listed for $115 million, it\'s been the setting for whitney houston in "the bodyguard." And 40 years ago, "the godfather." And ', "lovers including John but off the  Kitty Kelley  says. She's being black ball I think it might backfire on  Kitty Kelley . In the sense that you know people you won't want we don't like  Kitty Kelley  that much we don't which does ", "Winfrey's -- talks about past lovers including John -- but off the Kitty Kelley says. She's being black ball from TV and magazine interviews because no one wants to cross paths would help -- Grabs ms. ", "and an about a relationship. -- I think it might backfire on Kitty Kelley . In the sense that you know people are sitting here going I'm very loyal to her -- she -- she's. My -- ", "and the people you don't you won't want -- we don't like Kitty Kelley that much we don't -- which does so we remove all of this that they have a deal. Enough I haven't suffered ", 'the hospital in the baby died I knew that it was second chance. So the secret is left to tell. Just last year author  Kitty Kelley  speculated in unauthorized Oprah biography that the man Oprah says as her father might not be. thing is for sure Oprah ', 'chance. So the secret is left to tell. Just last year author Kitty Kelley speculated in -- unauthorized Oprah biography that the man Oprah says as her father might not be. -- thing is for sure ', "I think that you know it's not that she's tried to hide anything. So we shall see which all right well and even  Kitty Kelley  said that she's taken a lot of the interviews that given over the years to be apart. Of the has not yet taking her ", "anything. So we shall see which -- all right well and even Kitty Kelley said that she's taken a lot of the interviews that -- given over the years to be apart. Of the -- has ", "Okay. This would there's a woman named  Kitty Kelley  who is kind of like the national inquire of celebrity biographers He can't believe much of what she says but she says. Things ", "Okay. This -- would there's a woman named Kitty Kelley who is kind of like the national inquire of celebrity biographers He can't believe much of what she says but she says. "]