['the side of a steep underwater cliff off the coast of Nikularoro Island. The island, in what is today the Republic of  Kiribati , is believed by some to be the site of Earhart\'s crash. "When you are looking for man-made objects in a natural ', 'conducted nine archaeological excavations on the uninhabited island Nikumaroro in the southwestern Pacific republic of  Kiribati . "This is one of several bottles that we\'ve identified from the castaway campsite that seem to be and, in some cases ', 'Analysis of a photo uncovered in 2010 of a plane wreck off the  Kiribati  islands has led specialists to believe there is a "possibility known as Tighar www.tighar.org, which works on the  Kiribati  islands, has launched a mission to try and search the area ', 'podium were from - in this order - El Salvador, Benin,  Kiribati , Greece, The U.S.A., Chad, and Saudi Arabia. El of the 32 atolls and one coral island of the Republic of  Kiribati , Amberoti Nikora, - whose nation has already started to ', 'the South Pacific, halfway between Australia and Hawaii, perhaps closest to what used to be called  Christmas Island  in the island nation of  Kiribati . The satellite fell to Earth just after midnight, EDT on Saturday morning, after days in which scientists ', "Obama, it needs to take a prisoner, according to one of the documents, and according to another, the island nation of  Kiribati  was offered millions of dollars in incentives to accept a group of prisoners. Libyan leader Muhammar Qadaffi's visit ", "Trash Boat: 'Plastiki' Ship Made of Recycled Bottles Completes Voyage Across Pacific Ocean", 'journey from trash to triumph." Their 128-day voyage took them to a number of South Pacific islands, including  Kiribati  and Samoa. On the water, they had to deal with giant waves, high winds, and brutal temperatures. Their diet consisted ', 'group in Shanghai, he said his organization is leading two other similarly sized groups in the city and another one in the  Gilbert Islands . While many of the participants are also scientists, he said, they span all kinds of occupations and all ages. Jim Pritchett ', 'group in Shanghai, he said his organization is leading two other similarly sized groups in the city and another one in the  Gilbert Islands . While many of the participants are also scientists, he said, they span all kinds of occupations and all ages. Jim Pritchett ', 'cross some southern Japanese islands and be last visible from land at Nikumaroro Island in the South Pacific nation of  Kiribati . Elsewhere, a partial eclipse will be visible in much of Asia. For astronomers, it will be a chance for a prolonged ', 'life changed after ABC News aired his story. "World News" also was recognized for videography for "Key to the World:  Kiribati ." ABC News won for best Documentary, "To Iraq and Back: Bob Woodruff Reports." The groundbreaking documentary was ', "A.R.S. The adventure company's 14-night Fiji/ Gilbert Islands  Multisport Tour With Solar Eclipse is geared to an outdoorsy S. diving vessel positioned northwest of the island of  Tarawa  (from $8,950 a person, including round-trip air from ", 'Bill Weir reports from the island nation that could vanish due to global warming', "her plane has returned. Empty handed. They had hoped to find aircraft debris in the waters near the remote island of  Kiribati  and the Pacific. That's the area where experts believe she disappeared 75 years ago this month. But they did not find ", "to find aircraft debris in the waters near the remote island of Kiribati and the Pacific. That's the area where experts believe she disappeared 75 years ago this month. But they did not find it. "]