["Billy Bob Thornton joins us now thanks for coming in and what a fun way to a book you it all out with  Kinky Friedman . Yeah well it's. There would have taken a lot longer will be doing this next year but we just put. Mr. rolling the type of ", "fun way to -- a book you -- it all out with Kinky Friedman . Yeah well it's. -- -- -- There would have taken a lot longer will be doing this next year but we just ", 'action figure for independent  Kinky Friedman . Any Connecticut and watched about the difference between that  Kinky Friedman  action figure in the for wrestler win even with the action figure  Kinky Friedman  is trailing. 2000 Ralph Nader ', "issues. And Texas governor's race he's got an action figure for independent Kinky Friedman . Any Connecticut and watched him filmed this sad percentage can Ned LaMont its stars beats young -- And mr. LaMont. Asking -- ", "exactly like. He. -- -- Serious news about the difference between that Kinky Friedman action figure in the -- -- for wrestler Jesse Ventura. -- -- -- -- as a classic. Just think he's actually -- ", "survive. The good children doesn't always win even with the action figure Kinky Friedman is trailing. 2000 Ralph Nader can even point 4%. And get lemont is behind. King good -- get a bad candidate elected. ", 'World News: Timetable to Fix Iraq; The Politics of Iraq; Cheating at the World Series?; Animation as Allegory', "governor of Texas would be somewhat untraditional. That's independent candidate slash slash constant cigar smoker  Kinky Friedman  is. We think the most popular candidate on MySpace with more than 33000. Friends. Senator John McCain. So popular ", "untraditional. That's -- independent candidate slash -- -- slash constant cigar smoker Kinky Friedman is. We think the most popular candidate on MySpace with more than 33000. Friends. Senator John McCain. So popular he has just ", "governor of Texas would be somewhat untraditional. That's independent candidate slash slash constant cigar smoker  Kinky Friedman  is. We think the most popular candidate on MySpace with more than 33000. Friends. Senator John McCain. So popular ", "untraditional. That's -- independent candidate slash -- -- slash constant cigar smoker Kinky Friedman is. We think the most popular candidate on MySpace with more than 33000. Friends. Senator John McCain. So popular he has just ", "platform I believe there are two of them. And their right Glenn and the left one. In Texas musician and humorist  Kinky Friedman  calls himself the only Jewish cowboy running for office. Friedman is vying to be the next governor of Texas and he's ", "their right Glenn and the left one. In Texas musician and humorist Kinky Friedman calls himself the only Jewish cowboy running for office. Friedman is vying to be the next governor of Texas and he's not "]