['American State Department Officer Dead in Libyan Consulate Attack; Cairo Embassy Stormed in Protest Over US Film', 'media, the movie is called "Mohammed, Prophet of the Muslims" and has been promoted by  Terry Jones , the controversial Florida preacher whose  Koran burning  in March 2010 led to the deadly violence in Afghanistan. Jones said Tuesday in a statement ', 'to protest a U.S. movie reportedly tied to Pastor  Terry Jones  that they believe insults the Prophet Muhammad. "There by Jones, the controversial Florida preacher whose  Koran burning  in March 2011 led to the deadly violence in Afghanistan ', 'ALMOST...In a ceremony today, the US formally handed over the Parwan Detention Facility, where the infamous  Quran burning  incident took place, to Afghan control. As part of the transfer agreement, the US military will continue to hold ', "Violent street protests followed the  Koran burning  in February and two U.S. Army Command's Investigation Into  Koran Burning  The Korans and other religious Stands by U.S. Apology for  Koran Burning  The Army announced the administrative ", "accusations that she burned pages of the  Koran , Islam's holy book. In Pakistan, it statements or insult the Prophet Muhammad or the  Koran  in any way. Blasphemy convictions carry unclear whether the papers were pages of the  Koran . Some have said the girl is mentally challenged ", 'riding a motorcycle filled with explosives in Khost province. -DISCIPLINE RECOMMENDED FOR SEVEN U.S. TROOPS IN  QURAN BURNING ...From Muhammad LILA and Luis MARTINEZ: A U.S. military investigation is recommending that as many as seven ', "follows the U.S. military's inadvertent burning of the  Koran  and other Muslim holy texts at Bagram Air Base in February service member. In an ABC/Post poll last month , after the  Koran burning  and related protests, opposition to the war increased from ", "and many Afghans want to leave the country; the number of Afghans applying for asylum is at an all time high. The  Quran burning  and this weekend's massacre are making more Afghans ask whether it's time to develop backup plans - many fear that ", 'weathering and working through a difficult situation that inflamed Afghan opinion and was exploited by the Taliban - the  Koran burning . It was very difficult, but within weeks we had resolved a longstanding issue with the Afghans and reached agreement ', 'Afghan opinion and was exploited by the Taliban - the  Koran burning . It was very difficult, but within weeks we had resolved incident might prompt a stronger reaction that did the  Koran burning  incident, possibly inflaming the Kandahar region if ', 'to hand over all detention facilities to Afghan control within six months. This includes Bagram, where the recent  Koran burning  took place. The first 500 prisoners will be transferred within 45 days. The U.S. will still have mentors/advisors ', 'two weeks ago, after U.S. troops burned copies of the  Koran  at a U.S.-run detention center near Kabul. US officials today singled out the Parwan detention facility, where the  Koran burning  took place, saying it would be transferred to Afghan security ', 'from the  Vatican  the State with pastor  Terry Jones . It is a congregation. The  dove world outreach center  has about course is the  Koran  the holy And pastor  Terry Jones  says he will from the  Vatican  to southern General David  Petraeus  in Afghanistan the time.  Terry Jones  has kicked hours of  Koran burning . In the ', "one of the things that we think about all of the time. Terry Jones has kicked around the fringes of the Gainesville Christian community since the early 1990s he'd led a church in Germany before moving here. And then last year he found a way to raise his profile. Hate he made signs and printed T shirts declaring Islam is of the double and he's never looked back. And here's your -- advertising -- the event that's true. Six to 9 PM three hours of Koran burning . In the big field in front of his church preparations are underway for Saturday night's Koran burning the other would overhear that you're gonna use right. Make your bonfire yes. And -- the current yes. -- right now all ", "of justice and local Gainesville law enforcement not to go through the Koran burning . But he won't listen to them at least. If you listen to him closely though you get the sense that he may ", 'threat to burn a  Koran  just four days plan to burn the  Koran . He has found service at the  dove world outreach center . There were fewer Christians. But pastor  Terry Jones  has led this little burn hundreds of  Koran  the holy book of Afghanistan General David  Petraeus  warned that jones leaders from the  Vatican  to this southern ', "not to go forward but he won't listen. In Afghanistan General David Petraeus warned that jones' actions could endanger US troops. It puts our soldiers in jeopardy very likely we've already seen a demonstration here in Kabul. Just there -- rumors that this event to take. Place we understand that those concerns or all or ballot but the question that we have is. If we don't do it. Oh wouldn't -- do we stop backing down. But even though Christian leaders from the Vatican to this southern baptists to evangelical leaders have condemned Jones he beliefs. Christian sometimes ask what would Jesus do. Do you really ", "himself into a corner he does say he's preying on this. General Petraeus is words had an effect he says that god sends him a clear message not to do it he won't but he ", 'threat to burn a  Koran  just four days plans to burn the  Koran . He has found service at the  dove world outreach center . There fewer than Christians. But pastor  Terry Jones  has led this little burn hundreds of  Koran  the holy book of Afghanistan General David  Petraeus  warned that jones leaders from the  Vatican  to this southern ', "not to go forward but he won't listen. In Afghanistan General David Petraeus warned that jones' actions could endanger US troops. It puts our soldiers in jeopardy very likely we've already seen a demonstration here in Kabul. Not just -- the rumor that this event could take. Place we understand that those concerns or all or ballot but the question that we have is. If we don't do it. Oh wouldn't -- do we stop backing down. But even though Christian leaders from the Vatican to this southern baptists to evangelical leaders have condemned Jones he beliefs. Christian sometimes ask what would Jesus do. Do you really ", "himself into a corner he does say he's preying on this. General Petraeus is words had an effect he says that god sends him a clear message not to do what he won't but he ", "about the crazy pastor in Gainesville Florida who is threatening to  burn Quran  on September 11 that would be  Terry Jones  an evangelical pastor of the  dove world outreach center . Now that's not a misnomer. I don't know what does is a sign ", "forget about the crazy pastor in Gainesville Florida who is threatening to burn Quran -- on September 11 that would be Terry Jones an evangelical pastor of the dove world outreach center . Now -- that's not a misnomer. I don't know what does -- -- is a sign of peace and outreach implies inclusive ", "course reacting to the 9/11  Koran burning  to be held by pastor  Terry Jones  leader of the fifty member  dove world outreach center . If he's listening just hope spreading around the planned  Koran burning . TJ Winick ABC news New York ", "for al-Qaeda. The president is of course reacting to the -- 9/11 Koran burning to be held by pastor Terry Jones leader of the fifty member dove world outreach center . If he's listening -- just hope he understands that what he's proposing to do. -- completely contrary to our values as Americans ", 'that insurgents in Afghanistan have been spreading around -- -- the planned Koran burning . TJ Winick ABC news New York. The mother of one of three American hikers held in Iran says she is hopeful after ', 'to burn the  Koran  on this anniversary long live the  Koran . An effigy of pastor  Terry Jones  from the tiny General David  Petraeus . Is outraged today pastor  Terry Jones  vowed he would go ahead with the  Koran burning  what doing ', "it in Florida a pastor is calling on people to burn the Koran on this anniversary. It is triggering protests cost the Muslim world and tonight in American general is warning that the pastor's words could put our troops in harm's way. Martha Raddatz is in Kabul Afghanistan where those protests broke out. The crown in downtown Kabul reached nearly 500. Today with protesters chanting long live the Koran . An effigy of pastor Terry Jones from the tiny Florida church wasn't lit on fire. The protesters well aware of the pastor's inflammatory comments Islamist medieval religion. But anger has spread far beyond pastor Jones with chants of death to America echoing through the crowd. Minutes later rocks were hurled at a passing US military convoy. The US commander in Afghanistan General David Petraeus . Is outraged by the threat to burn the Koran saying in a statement tonight that it could endanger troops and it could endanger the overall effort here. We spoke tonight in Kabul with the former vice chief of staff of the army general Jack -- It is outrageous and is insulting to Muslims but it's also insulting to us soldiers. In terms of what they stand for and what their commitment is to this country -- -- the Muslims in this country. Late today pastor Terry Jones vowed he would go ahead with the Koran burning what -- -- doing. It was long overdue when you're revealing -- -- The violence of Islam that is much much deeper. ", "of a Florida pastor  Terry Jones  who burn the  Koran  on March 20. Now his church. General David  Petraeus  condemned the burning intolerant. The pastor  Terry Jones  told ABC news he's the match to burn the  Koran  say they're not afraid ", "burning of a sequel can run this tiny Gainesville church. General David Petraeus condemned the burning painting it could harm American troops. That action was hateful. It was intolerant. The pastor Terry Jones told ABC news he's believes before a more important. Even if -- expensive an American soldier or to attend. Would have to "]