['Driving Miss Daisy." The age issue is crucial not just to actors but writers as well. So much so that the  Writers Guild of America ,  West  has "raised concerns with IMDb about its listing of ages" because those ages can so often be used to unfairly ', 'Although the Hollywood film industry is brimming with dozens of unions, from the Screen Actors Guild,  Writers Guild of America , to the American Federation of Radio and TV artists, there were only a few shout-outs in support of collective ', "represent a new era of measurability for advertising. This week's edition also features key insight for Web creators from the  Writers Guild of America  on how to win sponsorships and a quick overview of two emerging new media startups.", 'I just came up with the idea of making a comedy shooter," says Ellis, who last year shared the first  Writers Guild of America  video-game writing award for comic action game Dead Head Fred (for PlayStation Portable). Most shooters ', 'I just came up with the idea of making a comedy shooter," says Ellis, who last year shared the first  Writers Guild of America  video-game writing award for comic action game Dead Head Fred (for PlayStation Portable). Most shooters ', 'I just came up with the idea of making a comedy shooter," says Ellis, who last year shared the first  Writers Guild of America  video-game writing award for comic action game Dead Head Fred (for PlayStation Portable). Most shooters ', 'normal schedule could resume by mid- to late January. Meanwhile, CBS News writers -- also members of the  Writers Guild of America  -- have voted to authorize their own strike, although the union has not yet called one. A look at the status ', 'For about 500  Writers Guild of America  members at the top of the heap, life is very, very good. Some of the so-called A-list writers make more than $5 million ', 'The strike is on. Members of the  Writers Guild of America , the people responsible for writing the bulk of network television and movie scripts, dropped their pens at 12:01 a.m. today ', 'show "Heroes." "The \'Heroes\' panel is going to be huge, since the second season was interrupted by the  Writers Guild of America  strike," he said. Another highlight: Marvel Comics\' Friday panel, "Marvel to the Nth Degree." The ', 'humankind because of reality TV? Fear not your favorite shows are coming back, some as soon as this spring. The  Writers Guild of America  is set to vote on the terms of an agreement with the major Hollywood studios and producers tomorrow, marking ', 'The chief negotiators for the striking  Writers Guild of America  are recommending that the members accept the terms of an agreement reached with the seven major media conglomerates represented ', 'West coasts appear to be giving two thumbs up to a deal that would end the three-month long strike by the  Writers Guild of America . Leaving a meeting attended by at least 1,000 writers at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles late Saturday ', "that it's gonna Waste Management. It's been the number one best in show according to a new list from the  Writers Guild of America  is costs are likely to check out the rest of them at least the top spot films comes in at number two by another ", 'number one best in show according to a new list from the Writers Guild of America -- -- is costs are likely to check out the rest of them at least the top spot -- films comes in ', 'their people home I want to make this clear I support their cause we continue to At the I want to thank the  Writers Guild of America  for allowing our show and our writers to come back to work with contractual agreement thank you very a lot ', 'we continue to -- At the -- I want to thank the Writers Guild of America for allowing our show and our writers to come back to work with -- contractual agreement thank you very -- -- a ', "They may be some good news for Hollywood writers there's word that a deal is close in the Hollywood writers strike now in its fourth month. The  Writers Guild of America  is holding meetings on both tomorrow in what is expected to at finishing touches on a contract.", 'close in the Hollywood writers strike now in its fourth month. The Writers Guild of America is holding meetings on both -- tomorrow in what is expected to -- at finishing touches on a contract. ', "supplies to the area officials say they're concerned about the possibility of an outbreak of disease. The  Writers Guild of America  has decided to go on strike for the first time in almost twenty years. and Hollywood decided on the action ", "say they're concerned about the possibility of an outbreak of disease. The Writers Guild of America has decided to go on strike for the first time in almost twenty years. -- and Hollywood decided on the action last "]