['People would kill to get their hands on the house from "Nightmare on Elm Street."', "lovers including John but off the  Kitty Kelley  says. She's being black ball I think it might backfire on  Kitty Kelley . In the sense that you know people you won't want we don't like  Kitty Kelley  that much we don't which does ", "Winfrey's -- talks about past lovers including John -- but off the Kitty Kelley says. She's being black ball from TV and magazine interviews because no one wants to cross paths would help -- Grabs ms. ", "and an about a relationship. -- I think it might backfire on Kitty Kelley . In the sense that you know people are sitting here going I'm very loyal to her -- she -- she's. My -- ", "and the people you don't you won't want -- we don't like Kitty Kelley that much we don't -- which does so we remove all of this that they have a deal. Enough I haven't suffered ", 'the hospital in the baby died I knew that it was second chance. So the secret is left to tell. Just last year author  Kitty Kelley  speculated in unauthorized Oprah biography that the man Oprah says as her father might not be. thing is for sure Oprah ', 'chance. So the secret is left to tell. Just last year author Kitty Kelley speculated in -- unauthorized Oprah biography that the man Oprah says as her father might not be. -- thing is for sure ', "I think that you know it's not that she's tried to hide anything. So we shall see which all right well and even  Kitty Kelley  said that she's taken a lot of the interviews that given over the years to be apart. Of the has not yet taking her ", "anything. So we shall see which -- all right well and even Kitty Kelley said that she's taken a lot of the interviews that -- given over the years to be apart. Of the -- has ", "Okay. This would there's a woman named  Kitty Kelley  who is kind of like the national inquire of celebrity biographers He can't believe much of what she says but she says. Things ", "Okay. This -- would there's a woman named Kitty Kelley who is kind of like the national inquire of celebrity biographers He can't believe much of what she says but she says. "]