["Missy Franklin rested her head against the side of the pool, beaming ear-to-ear.There were smiles, too, for Matthew Grevers and France's Yannick Agnel.Not so for Rya...", 'Michael Phelps swam into history with his 19th Olympic medal, and this one was a more appropriate color.With a lot of help from his friends, Phelps took down the las...', "Michael Phelps had a short day in the 2012 Olympic pool on Monday, merely qualifying for the men's 200m butterfly title. On Tuesday, Phelps will defend his gold meda...", "Here's what to watch for at the London Olympics on Wednesday:___1. KICKED OUT: Eight female badminton doubles players have been disqualified after trying to lose mat...", 'Michael Phelps swam into history with his 19th Olympic medal, and this one was a more appropriate color.With a lot of help from his friends, Phelps took down the las...', 'Teamwork helped the United States tie China midway through Day 4 in the 2012 Summer Olympics medal count. Teamwork also helped the U.S. keep pace with China after th...', 'Olympics 2012 Swimming: Michael Phelps Sets Medal Record As Team USA Wins 4 More', 'Michael Phelps entered the day sitting on 17 total medals, just one shy of tying the record of 18 set by Larisa Latynina of the then Soviet Union. Phelps was able to...', 'From Olympic star to just another college student.For Allison Schmitt, there was hardly any time to savor her breakout performance at the London Games, where she won...', "Michael Phelps won the men's 200 individual medley for record 16th Olympic gold, 20th overall.Ryan Lochte came in second in the showdown.For his first individual gol...", 'Team USA had a strong finish at the IBU World Cup in Nove best sixth place in the 10km sprint, and Sara Studebaker (Boise, Idaho) had the highest finish for the Amer...', 'When Federica Pellegrini trots her statuesque 5-foot-10 frame around the pool deck at the London Olympics, it might be tough for her to keep track of past and presen...', 'When Federica Pellegrini trots her statuesque 5-foot-10 frame around the pool deck at the London Olympics, it might be tough for her to keep track of past and presen...', "There's nothing like a good rivalry to get the competitive juices flowing.At the Olympic pool in London, get ready to savor Michael Phelps vs. Ryan Lochte.They are t...", 'The head-to-head rivalry between Michael Phelps and Ryan Lochte continued Saturday, with Phelps narrowly edging Lochte to win the 200-meter individual medley at the ...', "Ryan Lochte and Michael Phelps stayed on course for their second showdown at the U.S. Olympic swimming trials on Tuesday. Janet Evans' first appearance in the meet w...", 'One night after beating him to win the 400-meter individual medley at the U.S. Olympic trials, Ryan Lochte edged Michael Phelps to the wall Tuesday in their semifina...', "Brendan Hansen was done with swimming after two doses of Olympic heartache.He's feeling a lot better now.Next stop: London.Hansen, who retired from the sport after t...", "Ryan Lochte and Michael Phelps went stroke for stroke into the wall in the 200-meter freestyle. Lochte's hand got there first, with Phelps touching second.Imagine wh..."]