['this phase of the crisis over  Kosovo . They had on again off again to pull their troops out of  Kosovo . The fact that this your document future. In which we can rebuild  Kosovo . And restore some normality The troops that now deployed  in Kosovo  will be under UN supervision ', 'have finally sun agreed at last to pull their troops out of Kosovo The fact that this -- your document has not -- agree. Represents the hope for a better future. In which we can rebuild Kosovo And restore some normality. Of the lives of its ordinary citizens. Regardless. Of that ethnic background. And yet the serves as everyone expected. Managed to claim their own victory yeah. We are the moral winners -- the rankings Serb civilians. And Serb general said just this president Milosevic had demanded all along. The troops that now deployed in Kosovo will be under UN supervision. Not NATO. Not true they will be under direct NATO command with a UN resolution merely authorizing their presence in Kosovo . That was the last snag between Serbs and their signature NATO held firm and they gave it. General Jackson said NATO reserves ', 'could still be several days before any NATO peacekeepers actually rolling to Kosovo to Begin their work. In Kosovo itself Yugoslav troops have begun early preparations for a withdrawal. Bringing in heavy trucks photographed from the air by NATO bid would be used to transport tanks out of the area. By morning US officials expect the first large movement of Yugoslav forces from the northern part of Kosovo To show good faith they must be substantially out of this zone in one day. At which point NATO could stop the ', "many places in  Bosnia . Where Serbs and what will happen  in Kosovo . If everything stabilization forces in  Bosnia . We've had been what's going on  Serbia . On the other Serbian troops  in Kosovo . Ever since the  war  started because foreign forces out of  Bosnia  which of these spill over. From  Serbia  it would be our NATO bombs. This  Muslim  woman on the other committee country  Clinton . That you will ", "particular reason -- -- it's just one of many places -- in Bosnia . Where Serbs and Muslims killed each other on a regular basis until the Dayton peace accords laid the ground work. For a ", "star general in overall command of -- for NATO's stabilization forces in Bosnia . We've had been instances were soldiers were threatened we've had a couple hand grenades thrown controls. So there have been acts of violence. But the best we can determine it's all individual acts of violence -- coordinator loans. In the particular case of the Serbs. There's a tremendous amount of sympathy. Sadness. Depression even about what's going on Serbia . On the other hand a very very strong sense of resignation. They really don't want that here. Depending on -- you go ", "by NATO bombing of Serbian cities in Yugoslavia. For -- Serbian troops in Kosovo . Ever since the war started because of those are all scared that the war wolf -- over into -- -- program. I told my troops are going anywhere between the two factions. And my job is to provide a safe and secure environment for a group. Time to -- -- I mean you would interpose ourselves. You and your troops would stand between these folks and war spilling over from -- or effective Tibetan promised -- said and we we protect the Bork. We cannot let this mission fails some -- because something else is happening and told its army. -- under the treaties keep foreign forces out of Bosnia which of these capsules earlier you were talking about some kind of spill over. From Serbia it would be our responsibility to keep that from happening push him out. But I but I can't speculate. About what might ", "something if he went to visit  Bosnia . They leave was accompanied that through first week in the  war . Tightly wrapped it is a virtual all independence province of  Kosovo . He brushes off the question well of course always part of  Serbia . And part of Yugoslavia concentration camps five Serbian held  Bosnia . And apparently unable to Croatian atrocities during World  War  II. And during last year's ", 'violence in the world. Might achieve something if he went to visit Bosnia . They leave -- was accompanied on his trip by a number of journalists among them Nightline producer Deanna Lee and Nightline correspondent. ', "Chrysler's. Balked at his attempts to -- concentration camps five Serbian held Bosnia . And apparently unable to fly the failure at all he percent of all the government conferred with -- ultimatum. Help us see ", "the Serbs museum of genocide. It focuses on Croatian atrocities during World War II. And during last year's Serbo Croatian war in which the Serbs took 13 of Croatia's territory. Genocide says visa all the survivor who involve -- house votes for the special meaning. Even mass murder even as in today's Yugoslavia serial mass murder is not genocide. The museum stop costs time pressures -- And -- l.'s best chance to see the war in Bosnia's most pathetic victims victims you saw on Nightline last month. He -- wanted to see the civilian campus turned off or yet ", 'The NATO  war  against Yugoslavia is a strange one to fight busy or it here on the flight deck. The real  war  always remains somewhere. Over the horizon strains. In short almost everything wounds of  war . But she says after almost a month of wartime ', "The NATO war against Yugoslavia is a strange one to fight -- report. Because no matter how busy or -- it -- here on the flight deck. The real war always remains somewhere. Over the horizon. In the Roosevelt sick -- for example was ship's medical officer lieutenant Suzanne Breen. Checks her ", 'seen. Colts lose. Muscle strains. In short almost everything -- wounds of war . But she says after almost a month of wartime duty. She and her fellow doctors or mercy indications of stress we have ', "for LE long term military assignment. But what can make fighting the war from the Roosevelt hard to put into high gear is the remoteness of the battlefield. As commander Philip Logan put gum ball so the -- ordinance teams what does. We keep saying it's a warrior the admiral says -- -- a war . I don't know if it feels like war . We don't see what's going on the pilots to them I'm sure it's war they're the ones are getting shot -- they're the ones that actually dropping weapons. Us back here. Were for removed. From the ", 'force troops under attack in  Germany  targeted by a gunman shouting their way to a US base in  Germany . According to law enforcement old whose parents moved to  Germany  decades ago  from Kosovo . And uncle told the Associated Press He is a devout  Muslim  who work the Frankfurt airport ', 'shooter is 21 year old -- -- -- whose parents moved to Germany decades ago from Kosovo . And uncle told the Associated Press He is a devout Muslim who work -- the Frankfurt airport. Security had been beefed up -- the airport after an informant said a group linked to ', "several projects involved in assessing the impact of the recent  war  on women. I'm as goodwill ambassador to learn. So that I to be able to hear the stories. Basically educate myself.  Kosovo  still sit here has by UN mission since 1999. When they say ", "country visiting several projects involved in assessing the impact of the recent war on women. I'm -- as goodwill ambassador to learn. So that I can -- help -- country at this time in its crucial crucial time actually in its future. And two. Meet people. And to be able to hear the stories. -- Basically educate myself. Kosovo -- still sit here has -- -- by UN mission since 1999. When they say -- sent troops to hold crackdown on ", "of the ballroom because I am. Maybe nurturing or respectful of the. He moved to the states as a refugee during the  war in Kosovo . Since then he's mastered just about anything he's tried his hand In fact that I got a chance to live life I was ", "of the. He moved to the states as a refugee during the war in Kosovo . Since then he's mastered just about anything he's tried his hand -- In fact that I got a chance to live life ", 'To supporting our efforts  in Kosovo  and  Bosnia . And the first gulf  war . And my judgment I think is if we continue on the path to  war  on as Senator McCain is suggesting we would have had a wider  war  we would have been back. Iranian ', "to my opposition from sending the Marines eleven. To supporting our efforts in Kosovo and Bosnia And the first gulf war And my judgment I think is something. That I'm on record that I'm willing to stand on Senator Obama was wrong about ", "spent a lot of time on this  war  powers act which sport. And congressional authority to go to  war . I've argued that on occasion Panama. I supported President  Clinton . When against the will of what was needed to be done and  Kosovo Bosnia  and so forth. And in this as it ever altered about the  war  in Vietnam itself where I don't ", 'H. W. Bush when he sent troops into Panama. I supported President Clinton . When against the will of the congress he did what was needed to be done and Kosovo Bosnia and so forth. And in this particular instance I think the president behaved in that tradition. I would argue that the constitution ', 'way to Ramstein Air Base in  Germany . To conduct what the military old Whose parents moved to  Germany  decades ago  from Kosovo . And uncle described him Associated Press. As a devout  Muslim  who worked at the airport plot. airport security in  Germany  had already been beefed up ', 'the shooter is 21 year old -- -- Whose parents moved to Germany decades ago from Kosovo . And uncle described him to the Associated Press. As a devout Muslim who worked at the airport. This morning the German magazine der Spiegel said investigators have found a FaceBook page they believe is -- saying his favorite weapon. Is a sniper rifle. There is no indication yet that the shooter was part of a larger plot. -- airport security in Germany had already been beefed up. Because an informant had said al-Qaeda was planning to open fire in a public place. ', 'for intervention in  Bosnia  and  Kosovo  additionally in Iraq and look we did in  Bosnia . We took Serbs Croats and  Bosnia  next being told by there now as there is  in Kosovo . With regard to Iraq needed it not to go to  war  but to keep the United ', "question here of being. An interventionist who have argued for intervention in Bosnia and Kosovo additionally in Iraq and Pakistan and now in -- for putting. US troops on the ground boots on the ground. This is something the American public -- stomach or. Well I think the American public has the stomach for success. And why recommendations. On Bosnia I admit I was the first one to recommended they saved tens of thousands of lives. And initially John McCain oppose them along with a lot of other people. But the end result was it worked and look we did in Bosnia We took Serbs Croats and Bosnia next being told by everyone I was told what everyone that this would mean that they've been fighting killing each other for a thousand years it could never work. There's a relatively stable government there now as there is in Kosovo . With regard to -- Iraq I indicated that it would be a mistake to go into I gave the president the power. I voted for the power because He said He needed it not to go to war but to keep the United States the UUN and lying to keep sanctions on. Iraq and not let them be lifted. From that I along with Dick Lugar. Before He went to war said if we were to go to war without our allies without the kind of support we needed we be there for a decade cost us tens of billions of ", 'probably very How about the situation  in Kosovo  we saw the burning of the embassy in  Serbia  this week the US embassy warns  Serbia  today to protect Americans protect Biden talk about the independence of  Kosovo  look at this happening this is a ', 'is not an irrational ideas probably very -- How about the situation in Kosovo we saw the burning of the embassy in Serbia this week the US embassy warns Serbia today to protect Americans protect the embassy. How dangerous is that situation what more she would be -- I think it is dangerous but look the alternative was even more dangerous to not recognizing independents -- So everybody looks at things now like my goodness you know Biden -- -- -- talk about the independence of Kosovo look at this happening this is a very bad thing conversely. Have we not recognize that then you have a very different ', '5-year-old girl  in Kosovo  was rescued from an avalanche that killed her parents.', "1999. When President  Clinton  was putting the final military tightens its grip  in Kosovo  following Friday's Carole Simpson. President  Clinton  spent the day preparing services were interrupted  in Kosovo . New fighting broke ", "York today we travel back to this state in 1999. When President Clinton was putting the final touches on his State of the Union Address. And his lawyers were preparing their defense. In the Monica Lewinsky case here's how it. On world news tonight this Sunday put witnesses in the senate trial helped the president's case. Help or not they may now be inevitable. The Serbian military tightens its grip in Kosovo following Friday's massacre black. -- Okay. And the new governor of Minnesota cuts loose. At an inaugural back. Com ABC. News d.s world news tonight Sunday. Good evening I'm Carole Simpson. President Clinton spent the day preparing his State of the Union Address to be delivered Tuesday night. -- few hours after his lawyers appear ", "In our other top story tonight from overseas funeral services were interrupted in Kosovo . New fighting broke out as mortars were burying the victims today from Friday's massacre. The killings have focused the world's attention on ", "legacy. And this weekend anti  war  protesters showed up in force what is taking his country to  war  in Iraq and Afghanistan. He's interventions  in Kosovo  and Sierra Leone and goldeneye similar to those of President  Clinton . And they forged a close relationship With opposition to the Iraq  War  hardening. step down. And ", "you often. Or is his most controversial legacy. And this weekend anti war protesters showed up in force in Dublin. The former prime minister's book signing. As what is taking his country to war in Iraq and Afghanistan. He's interventions in Kosovo and Sierra Leone and goldeneye and -- of peace. When first elected in 1997. Then seemed indeed -- for the time. His centrist policies was similar to those of President Clinton . And they forged a close relationship. And often 9/11. Globally events secured his relationship with President Bush like -- -- up our ", 'for those close ties and in 2007. With opposition to the Iraq War hardening. -- step down. And that is backed -- the -- Even -- where we began in -- wide ranging interview. Do ', 'this passage in your book in the lead up to. The Iraq War he took about Vice President Cheney at the time. Quote he would have work through the whole lot Iraq and Syria Iran. ', "any time since we began the  war  in Afghanistan that's going Somalia and we had the first gulf  war  I supported. I supported that supported. That's going into  Bosnia  when a number of my own party was against that operation in  Bosnia  that was the right thing to Europe I supported what we did  in Kosovo . I supported it because ethnic ", "barracks. And then we head Somalia and we had the first gulf war I supported. I supported that. I supported. That's going into Bosnia when a number of my own party. And colleagues was against that operation in Bosnia that was the right thing to do to stop genocide and to preserve. What was necessary inside Europe I supported what we did in Kosovo . I supported it because ethnic cleansing genocide was taking place. And I have a record and Somali. I opposed -- we should. ", 'Blue Line so todays is not a  war  crime. United States is not and a half weeks constitutes  war  crimes. We believe that every experience of the last ten years in  Bosnia  and  Kosovo  and Afghanistan that a force going into a  war  situation has got to be a ', "think we've learned from our experience of the last ten years in Bosnia and Kosovo and Afghanistan that -- a force going into a war situation has got to be a strong force. It has to have tough rules of engagement. It has to be able to defend itself and it has to be able to perform the function take on Hezbollah it has to be able to perform the functions that that is that is assigned to it so the functions of this force will be. To secure an area south of what Connie river north of the Israeli Lebanese border that area where all the conflict to spend all the bombings have been. And to make sure that has blocked cannot start another war -- -- -- -- had no cease fire until that forces in place. Well we're working on multiple elements here we're working ", "they thought it was a vote for  war  and senator Levin. Offered together coalition for Bosnian  Kosovo  which He did. I think that addressing. How about the broader  war  on terror back after 9/11 Doctrine would also be the  Clinton  doctrine. Well George it's Begin to President Bush's  war . Let me ask you question them Democrats feel cost President  Clinton . A couple of points in the ", "their children to come home from danger. From harm's way and from war and it it. -- ruled the world there would be no aren't that explain. Our mothers less likely to take nations to war . Well George. We've had women in positions of leadership in countries around the world. Some have -- haven't. I think it's more ", 'you -- general principles and my goal I want to end the war in Iraq. I want to do so carefully responsibly with the withdrawal of our troops also with the withdrawal of a lot ', 'set you set on several occasions that you vote for the Iraq. War resolution was not a vote for war but was intended to demonstrate their support for going. The United Nations but as you know a lot of -- -- democratic colleagues disagree they thought it was a vote for war and senator Levin. Offered an alternative resolution that would required. The present to go to the United Nations and come back to ']