["storming parliament, each time  Kuwait  heads into parliamentary not only on this tiny,  oil -rich state, but also the internal pressures on  Kuwait 's Western-backed ruling closely watching the moves by  Kuwait 's Islamists, considered Washington is deeply vested  in Kuwait 's stability as a critical military array against nearby  Iran .  Kuwait  hosts thousands of U.S said Saad bin Tefla, a  Kuwaiti  professor and political Brotherhood members outside  Kuwait  backed  Iraq 's 1990 invasion of  Kuwait", 'small, growing quickly and some, like  Kuwait  and Qatar, are rich. Many of them Its top holdings include a Romanian  oil  and gas producer, OMV Petrom, and don\'t just rely on exports of food or  oil ," Lynch says. "Look at Vietnam Ghana ran into trouble, Vietnam and  Kuwait  wouldn\'t even notice. As U.S Islamic militants near the border with  Afghanistan . Wells Fargo\'s Lynch and many others ', 'small, growing quickly and some, like  Kuwait  and Qatar, are rich. Many of them Its top holdings include a Romanian  oil  and gas producer, OMV Petrom, and don\'t just rely on exports of food or  oil ," Lynch says. "Look at Vietnam Ghana ran into trouble, Vietnam and  Kuwait  wouldn\'t even notice. As U.S Islamic militants near the border with  Afghanistan . Wells Fargo\'s Lynch and many others ', 'member from Ohio recently deployed  to Kuwait  is accused of sexually abusing three Press. The guardsman was deployed  to Kuwait  in June, James Sims, a spokesperson the suspect was released from duty  in Kuwait , he was not being released from ', "to protect the children's identities. Records don't list an attorney for the man. The Guard says he's on duty  in Kuwait . The man spoke in a 2008 story in a military publication about his large family and wanting to adopt a girl to protect ", "sales of Pfizer Inc.'s new twice-a-day pill for controlling rheumatoid arthritis, Xeljanz: Russia, Argentina,  Kuwait , United Arab Emirates and Switzerland. THE MARKET: Nearly 24 million people worldwide suffer from rheumatoid arthritis ", "seller. The world's second-largest drugmaker says its Xeljanz (ZEL'jans) has been approved in Russia, Argentina,  Kuwait , the United Arab Emirates and Switzerland, the first European country to allow sales. Meanwhile, New York-based Pfizer ", 'an air of mystery about them. You assumed they did something exotic, like work for the CIA. Now you might assume the  Kuwaiti  government or someone is paying them a gusher to do something not terribly virtuous. They would prefer not to discuss ', "long-held detainees.  Kuwait  has hired lobbyists to the U.S., Taliban and  Afghanistan . The indefinite captivity detainees. Tunisia, Egypt and  Yemen  are among those countries American lawyer based in the  Middle East  who is working with  Kuwait  on getting their detainees with a close ally like  Kuwait  they would at least get that's even though the  Kuwaiti  government built a rehabilitation at least seven people in  Iraq . The center, a section society, has not been used.  Kuwait  hired The Potomac Square ", 'those held indefinitely, the 15-page report showed 26 were from  Yemen , 12 were from  Afghanistan , three were from Saudi Arabia, two were from  Kuwait , two were from  Libya , and one each was from Kenya, Morocco and Somalia. Activist groups ', 'with breaking news from the  Middle East . For the second day in also sending a signal to  Iran , to Hezbollah, but possibly self-defense. Clearly  Iran  --  Iran  is shipping more you know, these wars in  Afghanistan  and  Iraq  have cost every American service members killed in  Afghanistan  and  Kuwait . That is all for us today ', '1990: Iraqi troops invade  Kuwait , marking the beginning of 2001: The U.S. invades  Afghanistan  in response to the Sept the beginning of the war in  Afghanistan . 38. Nov. 10, 2001: Apple and allied forces invade  Iraq , beginning the  Iraq  War. 40. Feb. 4, 2004 ', 'all intents and purposes  Kuwait  has ceased to exist as stroke Saddam Hussein and  Iraq  have eliminated billions debts. Acquired enormous  oil  resources on top of those force Iraqi troops out of  Kuwait  before they are good and American situation inside  Kuwait  is serious. Now occupied important facility restricted  in Kuwait . Including the ministries.  Middle East  emergency meetings convened protect them from  Iraq .  Kuwait  wanted more. Let me say Margaret Thatcher by his  President Bush  emphasized diplomacy downplaying ', "street from my hotel and the American -- -- -- situation inside Kuwait is serious. Now occupied all of the important facility restricted in Kuwait . Including the ministries. -- -- -- Middle East emergency meetings convened in Jerusalem government leaders adopted a wait and see attitude. The -- meeting this morning was the first chance for ministers to assess the situation and the conclusion was. That Israel need not intervene at the present time. Defense minister Moshe Arens said the Middle East strategic equation had not been changed by the invasion. But Israel is ready to respond if Iraq expands the action. Specifically if it moves into Jordan Israel's eastern neighbor. In Cairo the Arab League quickly assembled to assess the shocker that one Arab leader actually had toppled another. Yes there was near silence from the group except for -- to hold a summit. Suggesting that Iraq's invasion of Kuwait could mean any of them might be next. The Arab League meeting in emergency session failed to condemn the invasion. Even Saudi Arabia the huge nation in this region. Responded with -- Luke warm. Response that it was watching the situation it is not the unified response that Kuwait is demanding I should like to inform the constant that they. Through the night the united nations Security Council met eventually voting to condemn the invasion. -- -- of White House just before meeting with his National Security Council. The president signed an executive order. Freezing Iraqi assets in the United -- and banning trade with the country including oil purchases. He also froze Kuwait's considerable holdings here to protect them from Iraq . Kuwait wanted more. Let me say god we would like to -- military assistant to order to survive. I think the US. Integration at this stage. Is for -- is both Paramount importance. But in Aspen Colorado with Margaret Thatcher by his -- President Bush emphasized diplomacy downplaying the possibility of military action. We're not ruling any options in that we're not ruling any options out. Right ", "at risk as well.  Iraq  itself controls reserves.  Iraq  plus  Kuwait . Controls twice that. And  Iraq  permitted to swallow  Kuwait  would an economic world's remaining  oil  reserves. We cannot parlance between  President Bush  and is that we're enough to stand by  President Bush  also has some strong who escaped from  Kuwait  last week when US invasion her husband a  Kuwaiti  was left behind United States moving  to Kuwait  yes.  Kuwait  would the way that all  kuwaitis  feel and that it and other has left  in Kuwait  field. Yet I have ", "a whole country. You would be prepared deceive the United States moving to Kuwait yes. -- -- Kuwait would. Now you say that based on what because. As -- pointed -- a moment ago are you most of you must have had very limited contact with -- -- is ever since -- -- since you yourself were hiding. Are you confident that that's the way that all kuwaitis feel and that it is also the way. But Americans and other -- has left in Kuwait field. Yet I have had contact with other kuwaitis although I was in hiding in telephone contact. And the kuwaitis and the Americans everyone the way the people are being treated there and mistreated there. And because we have no medical facilities ", "out. What what what would the impact of that -- if things in Kuwait . Devastating. Devastating Kuwait cannot it cannot stand this. That sanctions Iraq can that the Kuwaiti people starved to death they will die from lack of medical attention. They cannot outlast -- as Iraq -- there's now way. Have you been in contact with American officials and you can -- have -- been debriefed on this. Not yet you expect to -- yet. And you will tell them at that time then that -- is your impression that not only the people of Kuwait but all we're all the hostages now being held there. Are looking for an American destroyer concerns -- -- -- -- -- ", "the cost of  kuwaitis  in human terms reporting from  Kuwait City . And we'll be joined by a  Kuwaiti  Doctor Who win the war.  Kuwait  is already country and  Iraq  for an extended has begun.  President Bush  announced today again from  Kuwait City  is Nightline waves into  Kuwait City  read we see carried out the  kuwaitis  are having that. Of the  Kuwaiti  resistance us live from  Kuwait City  is  Kuwaiti the kind of  in Kuwait  about being ", 'from day one in -- -- Doing all the kind of -- in Kuwait about being done by -- -- -- by. About me -- big -- -- people hoping people would. -- -- -- Goes ', "want -- -- -- You don't after obviously but why now but Kuwait City is free again. Do you not want -- to review your identity. Actually four substitute for reasons I don't think security is that a hundred there's been. -- -- Kuwait . There are still some Iraqi members did today of this. Secret police. Probably in Kuwait so I'd like to keep my I -- Secret -- it exactly. Yours still a work of doctor. Yes I'm still a ", "burns and at home. It's just a problem in the signal from Kuwait City . Doctor let me know. Move on to rescue about. Some of those who collaborated. With the Iraqis to what degree did either kuwaitis or some of the other nationalities. Who were residents in Kuwait . During the war to what degree degree collaborate with the Iraqi authority. There -- very few. People who collaborated with the Iraqis. They -- Kuwait is there when -- believe these are within specified. What about the what about the health conditions and what is likely to happen. Because you don't have running water because we don't have electricity. What do you estimate is going to be the -- immediate danger in terms. Of the population in Kuwait City and throughout the rest of the way for. Put the population. Good -- at the time being in Kuwait . Time. At this point of time actually. -- -- run into some problems with what because of them that -- nation -- ", "massive US invasion of  Kuwait  and  Iraq  sooner rather than later Didn't in any way be  President Bush 's deadline today for beginning to get out of  Kuwait . The was clearly cast at least get  Iraq  out of  Kuwait  under some conditions using high rise buildings  in Kuwait City  as anti aircraft platforms Iraqis have set fifteen more  oil  wells on fire  in Kuwait  aerial photography reveals troops are rounding up  Kuwaiti  civilians. There seems ", "-- only a political miracle will prevent a massive US invasion of Kuwait and Iraq sooner rather than later. The Soviet Union -- spent all they tried to stave off an American attack but when the Iraqi president Saddam Hussein. Didn't in any way be President Bush's deadline today for beginning to get out of Kuwait The -- was clearly cast. Baghdad radio warned again that Americans and their allies would be turned to ashes and what they ", "begun an attack on occupied  Kuwait . And on various targets inside  Iraq . What was known for so desert shield in the words of  President Bush  is now Operation Desert another. And of course over  Kuwait  and  Iraq . One of the imperative enormous concerns in the  Middle East  and it has. It has been the southernmost point of  Iraq  and about 330 some odd miles from  Kuwait  right. I think that's ", 'have absolute need to communicate with one another. And of course over Kuwait and Iraq . One of the imperative desires. Of the military in the very first instance is to block out all Iraqi communications so when ', "smoke and smog from burning  oil  fields are combining to give begins to emerge. Just outside  Kuwait City . Coalition forces are poised Wednesday to move into the  Kuwaiti  capital against unknown Iraqi opposition. At the  Kuwaiti  international airport. US for three days. In southern  Iraq  near the border with  Kuwait  the allies' biggest strike ", 'battlefield. Rain mrs. low clouds. And the smoke and smog from burning oil fields are combining to give new meaning to the old expression. The fog of war. It hampers the allied air war most. ', "Mercedes and in the field  oil . And now you're being wandered into a place called the  Kuwaiti  education center. We were told that young  kuwaitis  were coming here to arm themselves a little slowing don't  Kuwaiti  war isn't hell. Taking this class because need go back  to Kuwait  but cannot find someone hula his injection contempt for  kuwaitis  helped by what they see at night. There are 7000  Kuwaiti  soldiers fighting with courage ", "onions and -- When they're driving Mercedes and -- in the field oil . And now you're being asked to go off and fight for people -- -- always been arrogant selfish and soft. For instance one afternoon we wandered into a place called the Kuwaiti education center. We were told that young kuwaitis were coming here to arm themselves for the tough reality ahead. How tough. Well it turns out they have to face the awful Specter of life without so many servants. Fewer foreigners to do everything for them so a group of young women were bravely setting out to learn a little slowing don't -- Kuwaiti war isn't hell. Taking this class because -- need go back to Kuwait but cannot find someone hula. I think all -- thinks. -- his injection contempt for kuwaitis helped by what they see at night. There are 7000 Kuwaiti soldiers fighting with courage at the front. Hundreds of other young Kuwaiti men are battling nothing more than a tricky Disco beat. Every night they show up and nightclubs around Cairo still with their millions. And apparently without much conscience. We decided to try to ask some questions. So. Don't -- you don't want war but his country. At this point the man's friend intervened saying He mustn't talk the Kuwaiti embassy -- told everyone to shut up from. We even saw an embassy news letter warning everybody to keep a low profile. So we moved back out to the dance floor for a cost of a Kuwaiti man was sitting in the corner. Are you going to fight for Kuwait we asked. Smiled and said He only wanted to talk Disco. There are egyptians who say the kuwaitis are fat and rich dancing in -- discos -- night. We're fighting for them -- for the public schools before the people -- for one person to present -- -- He's also fighting for. Egypt's position after the war -- Barak may be one of the last real idealists. He said He is certain everything would change. That the oil rich gulf states will start helping their poor neighbors. And that George Bush agrees with him that the Israelis must be pushed "]