[' \'The Empowered Patient\' goes to Hollywood   By  Elizabeth Cohen, CNN Senior Medical Correspondent  STORY HIGHLIGHTSA number of movies depict empowered patients"The King\'s Speech," depicts a milestone in patient empowermentBasis for father in "Lorenzo\'s Oil" says many patients have written to thank him  (CNN) -- In the movie "The King\'s Speech," there is a pivotal scene where Elizabeth, the future queen, frustrated by the failures of doctors who were trying to treat her husband\'s stutter, ventures into the streets of London to the office of controversial speech therapist Lionel Logue. So unaccustomed to the outside world, Elizabeth doesn\'t even know how to properly work the elevator in Logue\'s building. As Elizabeth, portrayed by actress Helena Bonham Carter, steps out of the elevator, the cameras capture what is perhaps a milestone in patient empowerment: a wife bravely defying the medical establishment and royal rules to get her husband the best medical care. It\'s a point that hit Dave deBronkart, co-chairman of The Society for Participatory Medicine, over the head when he saw the movie. "The queen, who of course wasn\'t the queen yet, had the good common sense to trust her instincts and not be limited to treatments that her gut said were no good, and that experience showed her were not doing any good," deBronkart says. (Editor\'s note: King George VI\'s wife, played in the movie by  Bonham Carter, was indeed Queen Elizabeth. She was crowned alongside her husband on May 12, 1937, at Westminster Abbey, and although she could not succeed him, her correct title was Queen Elizabeth. When her husband died and her daughter became the current Queen Elizabeth II, her title changed to Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother. Informally, she was called the Queen Mum, which is how most Americans knew her. She died on March 30, 2002, at age 101.) Elizabeth, deBronkart says, was truly an empowered patient. "Here she goes to a neighborhood no one would expect her to go and get the care her family needed. She trusted her own instincts. I was so proud of her," he adds. "She didn\'t have any medical training but she made a difference in her husband\'s health. And you know what\'s really cool? She did it without the internet." ']