["Got a question about a health story in the news or a health topic? Here's your chance to get an answer. Send us your questions about general health topics, diet and fitness and mental health. If your question is chosen, it could be featured on CNN.com's health page with an answer from one of our health experts, or by a participant in the CNNhealth community. ", '* CNN encourages you to contribute a question. By submitting a question, you agree to the following terms found below.', 'You may not post any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or other material that would violate the law. By submitting your question, you hereby give CNN the right, but not the obligation, to post, air, edit, exhibit, telecast, cablecast, webcast, re-use, publish, reproduce, use, license, print, distribute or otherwise use your questions(s) and accompanying personal identifying and other information you provide via all forms of media now known or hereafter devised, worldwide, in perpetuity. CNN Privacy Statment.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tIt will be reviewed and considered for posting on CNNHealth.com. Questions and comments are moderated by CNN and will not appear until after they have been reviewed and approved. Unfortunately, because of the voume of questions we receive, not all can be posted.', "Dr. Charles Raison, CNNhealth's mental health expert, is the Barry and Janet Lang Associate Professor of Integrative Mental Health at the University of Arizona in Tucson. He has a joint appointment in the College of Medicine and the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and serves as Director of the Mechanisms of Emotion, Social Relationships and Health in the Norton School of Family and Consumer Sciences. Prior to coming to the University of Arizona, Raison was an associate professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta, Georgia. He also serves as clinical director of the mind-body program and co-director of the Collaborative for Contemplative Studies.", "His research focuses on how the brain and body work together, especially as related to depression in the medically ill, and on harnessing scientific understanding of the mind and body to enable more of us to enjoy happiness and health.  He says that many people don't understand that the way they structure their thoughts, their relationships, and their physical conditioning will - over time - either promote well-being or contribute greatly to sickness and depression.  His specific areas of study include how our immune systems play a key role in our emotional lives and using compassion meditation to prevent depression in college students by reducing stress-related inflammatory activity. He receives research funding from the National Institute of Mental Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ", ' "I am convinced that genuine happiness - because it makes people more peaceful, more giving, and more effective - has the power to change the world," Raison says. "True happiness depends on our ability to turn down stress and immune pathway activity in the brain and body - doing so allows us to take full advantage of the tremendous evolutionary advantage offered to species with a capacity for cooperation, compassion and altruism. So I am obsessive about studying ways to safely turn down activity in those pathways, whether it\'s pharmacological, psychological or spiritual."', 'Raison is also internationally recognized for his expertise in the diagnosis and treatment of interferon-alpha-induced depression and anxiety.', 'Modern medicine is very good at some things, and really lousy at others. As I wrote in a blog last week, psychiatry is no different in this regard.', 'Our 8-year-old daughter was diagnosed with ADHD at age 6. We have tried several medications, stimulants and nonstimulants, and have not gotten good results. We are now looking at homeopathic treatment for our daughter, but the question is: Does it really work?', 'I would like to know what you recommend for a person that believes he or she is suffering from depression. There are mood swings, and extreme sleeping, and just thoughts of being lonely, and that no one cares. Is this depression?', 'How do I know if my husband is going through a midlife crisis? How do I know if there is depression as a result of this? How can I get him to stop thinking the marriage is over and that he is worthless?', "Is it crazy that I still feel this bad from my horse's death four years ago? This horse was my life. He died of cancer on November 20, 2007, when I was 12, and I've been affected by his death ever since. I feel as if I can't talk to anyone about it, because they expect me to be over it by now, but I just can't. I tried telling my mother once, but she told me point blank that she didn't understand why I was still upset, and that it was a little silly for me to still be this hurt by his death. I write my feelings in a notebook sometimes when I can't think, but all that's happening is making me feel worse. There are nights where I just break down crying until I can't breathe. Sometimes I think I'm depressed, but I'm scared to tell anyone. What should I do?", 'What about ketamine as a pain drug? Could it be used to get someone off methadone who previously took Oxycontin and then got sent to a methadone clinic? Is ketamine more addictive than methadone as a pain drug? What are the risks vs. benefits of ketamine?', 'I just read something on the Internet that omega-3 fatty acids can help prevent depression. Is there any truth to this?', "My baby boy died January 12, and my life has been a nightmare ever since. I have tried therapy, and I have been prescribed different antidepressants and nothing seems to help. I'm told I have post-traumatic stress disorder due to the nature of his death. Is there any natural alternative? Are there any other options out there, be it holistic or medicinal? How long does the grief last? I want to feel better for the sake of my other kids, but I just feel worse.", 'My 18-year-old daughter has been repeatedly hospitalized. There is a definitive family history of bipolar disorder on the paternal side. She has OCD behaviors and much of her conversational speech is off-topic and inappropriate. The medical team is unable to stabilize her. She was recently found to have schizoaffective disorder. Will she ever be functional?', 'Is ketamine IV promising for medicating resistant depression? What are the possible side effects?', "My son suffers with anger and low self-esteem but is outrageously cocky toward me. He is almost 18, we don't get along lately, and I feel like he is jealous of my happiness. I feel like it is my fault, as I raised him as a single mom and spoiled him a lot, and now it feels like it has all backfired on me. I am crushed, but I am also starting to have my own resentment toward him. He suffers from ADHD and most likely a mood disorder, but he refuses to make time to see the doctor. When I schedule appointments, he often wants to reschedule, which leads to having to start the whole process over. I don't want to give up, but with no support, I just don't know what to do. I am 35, I had him young, and I want to have a life, too; and I just don't see how that can happen when he refuses to help himself. It's like he wants me to do everything for him. Please advise.", 'I have had depression for almost seven years. I saw a psychiatrist and therapist for eight months, two years ago; it made me feel worse. I started to see another psychiatrist and therapist last November; it only mildly helped. I tried Prozac first, but when the dosage increased, I started to have hallucinations and delusions. I was then prescribed Celexa (disrupted my sleep greatly) and then Cymbalta, which showed no change. I also was given several sleep medications. Medications just do not seem to work; they all have side effects. I just moved and have not found more doctors here. My depression and sleep problems seem to get worse with every day. What should my next step be?', "I've been having a lot of panic attacks, almost every day; sometimes when I'm working, dealing with the kids or just nothing at all. I'll get shortness of breath, chest hurts on both sides or just one side, and a lot of my heart skipping a beat. And it scares me. I'm 29 years old and in good health. How can I control this?", "I was wondering if my brother, who we have been told is bipolar, could develop schizophrenia? My uncle, my mom's brother, was schizophrenic and unfortunately fell victim to the mental illness. We are aware that there have been some mental health issues with males on my mother's side of the family, so could it be possible that he could be schizophrenic as well as bipolar?", 'I have OCD. When I hear the sink faucet turn off, it makes a squeaking noise, and I feel tense and need to use antibacterial wipes on my hands. I also feel tense and need to use antibacterial wipes when I hear someone say the word "gas," when I see a red gas tank anywhere, when I see a gas nozzle at a gas station (or on TV), and the red color of a gas tank on anything plastic similar to a red gas tank. I also hate looking at sinks in the bathroom and kitchen because I feel tense and literally walk around the apartment covering my eyes so I do not see those objects when I am passing them. Why do I feel so intensely about these things? What can I do?', "I am wondering if I could have been molested as a child. I have this strong feeling that I was, but I can't remember anything. When I was young, 6 or 7, I used to make my dolls have sex. At 9, I began touching myself, even though I didn't know what it meant. I am now 29 and was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder last year. I know this condition often comes with a history of childhood sexual abuse. Could it be possible?", "I suffered a pretty serious compound fracture to my ankle last year, followed by an infection, five surgeries, three rounds of IV treatment with PICC lines, hyperbaric oxygen treatment, and now physical therapy and oral antibiotics. I feel like I've let my family, my company and myself down. I find it hard to concentrate and my limited mobility makes everything worse. I am in constant pain (bone-on-bone in the ankle) and even though the infection is finally gone, I find that an alarming amount of my thoughts are related to doing away with myself. When I was really hurt, I had getting better to look forward to. Now that I am there (sort of) it isn't that much better. Right now my life seems pretty joyless. Is this typical for a Type A after an injury? Should I be (even more) worried?", "I was abused as a child. Never intercourse, but I was threatened about it, and I had to watch my sister and this man. I was always called a prude by him. Anyway, I'm married and celibate. I do not enjoy sex nor do I have any interest in it. I am on Effexor and unsure how I feel about my husband. I do not know if this is a physical issue, mental or marrying the wrong man. Obviously this causes issues for my husband, but why should I suffer so he doesn't have to?", "I am a college student, recently diagnosed with depression, and am taking steps to figure out if I have ADHD because of a tremendous inability to focus and retain information. It is almost like, when I'm trying to focus on something someone says, it slips right through me like water. I am curious to know what prospects I have of gaining my cognitive abilities back if I start taking Lexapro or other antidepressants. If these are going to impair my ability to concentrate and focus even more, then I am not sure how to weigh the cost-benefits of taking them, because I am in school. In short, are antidepressants more helpful or hurtful to my cognitive functions? Can I look forward to reversing the concentration and memory retention problems I am currently undergoing?", "I am curious about the working relationship of therapist and patient. I have always been aware that there is a boundary. But I also think it is human nature to make assumptions. So, of course, I make assumptions based on the way my therapist responds to some of my comments. The bad thing is that I don't feel I can ever ask if my assumptions are correct since some of them would be somewhat personal. On the other hand, I sometimes think this information would be helpful to know because I think I would trust the therapist a little more (since education and life experience are two different things). I know with my previous therapist I made several assumptions that I now know are wrong. Because of those assumptions, I feel like it slowed my progress down. So, what is that line? Can I ask questions, knowing that although I can't have, nor do I need to know, all the details of my therapist's personal life, can I ask basic information to try go get a better understanding of my therapist?", "My 7-year-old son has lost touch with reality, I think. He says he feels like he's in a dream and nothing is real. He sees things and hears voices telling him to do bad things. He is bipolar, has autism, anxiety disorder, ADHD, ODD and OCD. He has tried many medications that either don't help or make things worse. He says the voices are telling him to kill himself. What should I do? I'm so scared for him.", 'What is the best and safest way to wean yourself off of an antidepressant drug such as Zoloft?', "I have been harassed for many years at work due to the fact I am considered a disabled person. I can't do some jobs because I don't have the strength or endurance. People taunted me, saying stuff like saying I was a hypochondriac. They made me do work I couldn't physically do, and I'm harassed almost on a daily basis. During this time, I developed major depression, and last year I needed time off from work because of it. I feel I have some signs of PTSD because I can't work in certain areas of the plant I work in.", "My son has biopolar and takes Depakote and Seroquel together. He doesn't seem that much better. Are there more effective drugs than these?", "I am five months pregnant, and it has been great. My mother-in-law has bipolar disorder and is clinically depressed. I wonder if there will be a slight chance that my baby will get that from her? My husband has been emotionally taking care his mother since he was 10 and can't seem to help.", 'I have bipolar disorder type 2. My mood is almost always influenced by the season and this winter I went through one of the worst depressive episodes I have ever experienced. When I mustered up the courage to tell my mom that I felt trapped and that I was desperate for help, she dismissed my symptoms as "something every teenager goes through" and that things will get better. She keeps telling me that everyone is depressed once in a while and that\'s just how life is. I\'m better now, but I\'m constantly scared about the next depressive episode I\'ll have to go through. It\'s been about three years since my diagnosis, and I think my mom has been in denial ever since. I\'ve tried my best to convince her that this isn\'t normal but she refuses to see the truth. Even when I attempted suicide about a year ago, she lectured me about how selfish I was being and refused to even consider hospitalization or medication. How do you convince an unsympathetic parent that you need help?', 'I am a 21-year-old female set to graduate from college in May. I have been taking antidepressants since roughly my senior year of high school, so approximately four or five years. I have been on Xanax, Cymbalta, Effexor, Paxil and Wellbutrin. I am currently taking only the Paxil and Wellbutrin together (in conjunction with birth control pills, which I have been on since my freshman year of college). I just read your answer about the effectiveness and safety of taking antidepressants long term, and my question is this: Since I am fairly young, and may be taking antidepressants for several years, how do I transition when I marry and decide to have children? I know that Paxil can result in serious birth defects, but it is working very well for me. What would I do instead?', 'I have been seeing a therapist for several weeks, and I am having trouble disclosing several issues. These issues are extremely personal and embarrassing. Do you have any suggestions to help me talk about these extremely personal, painful things?', "I am having significant memory problems that my M.D. thinks are due to depression, but I wonder if such severe problems can be accounted for by depression. I have had dysthymia my whole life. I admit I have a lot of stress in my life and may even be more depressed than I have been in the past, but I have never had these problems before. Here are some examples of things I forget on a daily basis (multiple times a day, actually) : not knowing why I'm in the car driving, not able to remember longtime friends' names, my dog's name, can't remember the names of common objects, putting keys, laundry, etc. in the refrigerator. This is affecting my professional and personal life. Could this really be just depression?", "I have a stainless steel shoulder joint that causes me constant chronic pain. I've also had a small stroke, prostate and skin cancer that required three surgeries and I have two stents in my heart. All of this caused me to have depression and anxiety attacks. One doctor had me on Cymbalta and Xanax, but they didn't help. A different doctor put me on Wellbutrin 150 mg. and Zoloft a month later. For the next six months I felt better than I had for about eight years, but now the depression and anxiety issues are coming back. I most likely need a change in my medication or an adjustment in dosage. What is your advice? I am a 65-year-old retired man who rarely leaves my house and has trouble sleeping.", "I was bullied when I was in the first grade really badly, and on the last day that year (the end of the year was when it was at the worst), my sisters and I were taken from school and put into foster care for over a year because our parents had been neglecting us. I've been researching it, and I think I'm exhibiting symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder. Would what happened to me be traumatic enough to cause PTSD?", 'I have a family history of mental illness. Three of my siblings have schizoaffective disorder (one recently told by a doctor that it may be bipolar with hallucinatory symptoms). I have dealt with mild to moderate depression for over 10 years with a few episodes of major depression in that time. About three months ago, I began taking Lexapro even though I have always wondered whether doing so might aggravate an underlying genetic illness. I feel much better on this medication, and do not have a history of mania or hallucinations. (I am a 31-year-old female, and take 10mg of Lexapro a day).', 'I had an untreated health issue for a couple of years that threw me into a mild depression. I have a mother and brother who are bipolar and one of the things my therapist told me is that studies show that if you go on an antidepressant and there is a history of bipolar in your family that this can sometimes "kick in" the bipolar. I am lucky and was able to get past my depression with therapy, exercise, etc. I was just wondering what your thoughts were.', 'I am a 26-year-old female. I have a diagnosis of bipolar disorder, PTSD, and anxiety. The doctor gave me samples of a transdermal patch called Emsam. What can you tell me about the medicine and possible side effects?', "My 17-year-old son, Will, lost his best friend two weeks ago; his friend killed himself in a very, very unexpected suicide. His friend was on the phone with my son, and evidently the friend told my son that he was going to kill myself. My son tried to stop him, but the kid shot himself. My son heard it all. My son is showing signs of PTSD along with depression -- nightmares, anger and irritability -- and he's had at least two panic attacks. I know he needs help that I can't provide, but he adamantly refuses. What can I do? Should I force him to see a psychologist?", "How do you know if you need a psychologist vs. a psychiatrist? When people say they have had a nervous breakdown, what is that? It isn't a specific diagnosis -- so how do they know what a nervous breakdown really is?", "Hi. I am 18 years old. In the past, I have been treated for depression, among many other things. My problem now is I am feeling the same way I used to before. I am feeling very depressed. I want to go to counseling because it could help, but I don't have insurance and I do not know any low-priced place. No one knows what's going on, and I am not telling my parents. What can I do? I want counseling. I want help, but there is nowhere to go at the moment.", 'I was recently scared by someone who told me that they have a depression that has "no cure," meaning they have to be on medication for life. This scared me because I am currently going through a depression and I DO NOT wish to take any medication.', 'Hi, I am a teen in high school and I was wondering whether or not I should talk to my doctor, again, about taking medicine for depression. I have been so depressed for roughly two years, however it has progressively gotten worse. I have done some research and I have almost all the symptoms of depression.', 'How can I get acceptable mental health services? I am 31, living off of Supplemental Security Income and have Medicaid. I cannot get assistance to have all basic essentials met. I am limited to what can be done alone without money or being able to walk or go too many places at once. I just need to know what to do.', 'I have been on antidepressants for many years and have taken almost every kind of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. One side effect I developed is temporomandibular joint disease symptoms and tinnitus. I also recently have been diagnosed with attention-deficit (hyperactivity) disorder. All of these medications aggravate my TMJ. The only medication that has helped me in the past is Valium. I am now taking clonazepam with less effectiveness. How common are TMJ symptoms and tinnitus with both of these medications? Any suggestions on how can I get relief for my jaw pain and ringing in my ears?', 'Our 8-year-old daughter was diagnosed with ADHD at age 6. We have tried several medications, stimulants and nonstimulants, and have not gotten good results. We are now looking at homeopathic treatment for our daughter, but the question is: Does it really work?', "I have just been diagnosed with ADD/ADHD, but I am questioning the diagnosis since I feel that I don't exhibit most of the symptoms. I mean, I do get distracted while I am working on my research or studying, but I feel everyone gets distracted just as I do. How is normal distraction different from ADHD?", 'I would like to know what you recommend for a person that believes he or she is suffering from depression. There are mood swings, and extreme sleeping, and just thoughts of being lonely, and that no one cares. Is this depression?', 'My son is 10 and while he was home sick with a sinus/cold, he came out of the bathroom and looked very scared and sad. Later he told me he feels like a voice is telling him to take a knife and stab himself. He told me he would never do it because he is strong enough to overcome it. The only medication I gave him today was Sudafed PE and Advil -- two each. He is a sweet, intelligent, funny child. Can this be serious?', "My daughter started taking Zoloft for anxiety two weeks ago and since then, she has gone from talking to me every day to not speaking to me for days. We were very close, and now she gives me the cold shoulder. Her response is she doesn't want to talk and she is depressed. She has more or less cut herself off from her family. Is this a side effect?", "I'm 40 and diagnosed with ADHD. I was given amphetamine 30 mg once in the morning. My concern is that  I'm about 120 pounds and I have nothing wrong with the way I eat. This medication is known to cause weight loss. I'm also told it raises your heart rate, and I'm currently taking atenolol for my high heart rate. I'm feeling great mentally -- I'm able to pay attention and feeling like my old self, except I'm not sleeping very well with this medication. Your input would be very encouraging.", "I am 12 years old, and I think I'm depressed. How am I supposed to tell my mother and stepfather?", 'My husband had major surgery and while on pain meds in the hospital he started developing anger issues. They lowered his pain meds saying this was a side effect for some people. He is out of the hospital and no longer on any meds but he still seems to be unreasonable and angry much more than is typical for him. Is this normal? Is it due to the drugs? I feel like he has become someone other than the man I married.', 'At what point in a bipolar patient should ECT (electroconvulsive therapy) be tried?', 'How do I help my daughter who has a diagnosis of bipolar and each time the doctors put her on an antidepressant, her liver counts go up and she goes into mania? This happens when the liver levels rise. It takes at least two weeks to cycle through.', "My mum is 67 and has suffered depression on and off all her life. She is just coming off medication from which she was having side effects: excessive sweating, and most disturbing, a shocking loss of short-term memory. She knows that she can't remember but she is extremely worried that she may have the beginning of Alzheimer's disease. She has episodes of being excessively high in her mood swings and appears confused and does not seem to be aware of her surroundings and what she is saying or doing. She then seems to come around and the next day she seems perfectly normal but says she can't remember anything about the episode. I wonder if she is suffering from some form of dementia.", 'I have been taking 10 mg of Paxil for nine years. I would like to get off of it but have heard of the many side effects associated with stopping it. Brain "buzzes" and various other frightening possibilities.', "My 7-year-old son has lost touch with reality, I think. He says he feels like he's in a dream and nothing is real.", 'If a person has had a traumatizing year and is finding himself having lapsing memories, is this a sign that he or she has developed dissociative identity disorder?', 'Is it possible to have mood swings where one moment you are happy, then the next you can be sad? Is this a sign of depression? I do also have ADD as well but currently am not on medicine.', "I don't understand how to get clean off heroin. I want to so bad but why do they make it cost so much? For Suboxone, you pay close to $350 for the visit plus $720 for a monthly prescription. Methadone is cheap, but my treatment center doesn't believe in methadone. Do you think methadone is that bad? I feel so lost.", 'Why is panic disorder classified as just a psychiatric condition when there are so many physical symptoms (some painful) that arise during the attack? They would occur whether in good/bad mood, or even asleep.', "I have a fear of snakes that is making my life miserable. I saw two in my yard and ever since cannot focus. I am afraid to go out. I look under my covers before I go to sleep at night. I run to my car to go to work and I don't want to come home knowing a snake might be outside. This is really interfering with my daily life. It is ruining me.", "Recently, my sexual drive and arousal have seemed quite low. I am a 19-year-old male, and I'm having trouble maintaining an erection while in bed with a girl.", "I have problem with a 30-year-old male in my family who is constantly in a state of high. He is prescribed Adderall by his doctor and his friends have told me he snorts it. His condition is escalating to the point of violence against relatives. I am very concerned because he has sole custody of a 9-year-old child. I have asked his doctor to cease prescribing Adderall to him but he continues. He stays awake for as long as five nights and his doctors tell us that is physically impossible. The doctors see him occasionally and we see him daily. I know he is going to end up dead or in jail. I'm so afraid of what is happening to him.", "To treat depression, what remedy do you suggest other than antidepressants? I'm taking 200mg of Zoloft, but I feel just as depressed as I did two years ago. My sex drive has virtually ended. Is there not another way to treat depression? Possibly talk therapy once or twice a week?", "What is the long-term effect of Adderall on a child starting it at age 8? I see there is no appetite from morning to noon, but then the child becomes ravenous from late afternoon until bedtime. How can a child function without eating a good breakfast and getting through the rest of the day at school by picking at lunch? I'm not sure if I want to continue this medication or any other. Can diet alone help?", "Can you suggest alternatives for depression sufferers who have experienced serotonin syndrome? I've suffered from dysthymia and major depressive episodes for my entire life. Until recently, I controlled my depression through strenuous exercise, but returning to graduate school forced me to try antidepressants for the first time. After having adverse reactions to five different SSRIs, I was recently diagnosed with serotonin syndrome. Most of the information I've found talks about treating the syndrome itself but says nothing about what to do next.", "I've received medical treatment for depression for approximately 10 years. Recently, single therapies haven't done the trick, so my doctor augmented my antidepressant with Abilify. Due to side effects, I went off that, and he prescribed lithium. I always associated lithium with bipolar disorder, which I don't have. Is lithium an approved therapy to augment an antidepressant? What other add-on therapies are possible?", 'If a family shows a history of bipolar disorder -- in a mother and her son -- are there environmental steps the son can take to "discourage" the development of bipolar disorder in his children?', "Is there any way to help break a sugar addiction that's as powerful as an alcohol addiction without going into rehab? I've been trying for four years and can't seem to break free. It's destroying my body but I can't seem to stop with basic discipline. Clearly there is an emotional component to addiction but therapy doesn't seem to help. Any recommendations? Thank you.", "Editor's note: This answer was published originally on May 11, 2010, and prompted considerable response. Today we offer more on the topic from Raison and Dr. Ken Duckworth of the National Alliance on Mental Illness.", "I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 16, and I'm now 18 and it has gotten where I can't even get a job because I stress myself out so much that I can't even think straight. I've been on Zoloft, Prozac, Lexapro, and Seroquel but nothing has helped me get over this. I feel like every time I try to do something a switch comes on in my head, and I get in fight-or-flight mode, and I usually flee. My sleeping patterns are also irregular. If anyone has some suggestions for me I would greatly appreciate it.", 'I have been seeing a therapist for the past four months now. In that time she had diagnosed me with depression with symptoms of [Obsessive Compulsive Disorder]. She suggested I try medication but looking online I found a therapy called EMDR. I was wondering which is more effective: talk therapy plus medication or EMDR? I have never been on any type of antidepressants but I do have a history of various traumatic experiences. (I may have [post-traumatic stress disorder] as well).', 'I recently had a terrible experience in the hospital. After surgery, while I was still mostly under and groggy, someone came and pulled the tube out of my mouth rather roughly then inserted another tube without ever speaking one word. This trauma has left me with a rather large problem: I do not eat solid food anymore. I know that this is all in my head, but I cannot overcome this. I am on antidepressant med and have seen a throat specialist. Can anyone help?', 'I was wondering where I would find information on how pot affects depression and bipolar disorder. I have looked at various sites on the Internet and found that the topic is rarely talked about by a doctor. And when it is, they mention chronic use. What is chronic use, and what is the opinion of workers in the mental heath field?', 'What are the long-term effects of Xanax use on the brain if taken exactly as directed? It seems that my mind feels like it is stuck in the mud, hazy and there is a feeling of a disconnect with the world sometimes. Ultimately, how long does it take for your brain and mind to return to "normal" function?', 'What are the effects on your of health using antidepressants for 20 or so years?', 'This week, Dr. Charles Raison offers part two of his answer to the viewer question: Can a 9- or 10-year-old be bipolar?', "I'm interested in getting some sound information on dissociative disorders. There seems to be some question within the medical community about whether this is actually a disorder or not. Can you tell me more about it?", 'Are the psychoses of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia very similar? How do you tell psychotic bipolar disorder apart from schizophrenia with mood disorder? How similar are the two diseases considering that the same medicines (anti-psychotics) are beneficial to both?', 'Are the psychoses of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia very similar? How do you tell psychotic bipolar disorder apart from schizophrenia with mood disorder? How similar are the two diseases considering that the same medicines (anti-psychotics) are beneficial to both?', 'What else can I do? I have tried antidepressants, therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, rational behavior therapy, dialectical behavior therapy, acceptance and commitment therapy, a treatment center in Arizona. My kids are now 11 and 10. I feel like I have missed their entire lives. My wife is fed up. I joined Alcoholics Anonymous in 2004. That is not working, although I\'m not drinking ... no serenity, no peace, no happiness. House has been on the market for a year. Job is miserable. One doctor says, " No meds." Another says, "Go back to a treatment center." Another says to "do my dishes." I feel so lost. ... 40 years old and I\'m at the end of my rope. Please help.', 'I have been having infertility issues for over three years (including many failed IVFs, and miscarriages). Over the last year, I have had good friend after good friend announce her pregnancy. Literally, at least one per month. I am happy for them because I care for them, but each time I hear those words it hurts worse and worse. When I am around them they talk mommy-talk (as they should) but being around them just throws me into depression. I\'m afraid to even see my other girlfriends who are "trying" because I know at any second they\'ll have "good news." How can I be supportive of them while protecting my heart, emotions and mental health?', 'Somehow I have managed to let stress take over my life. I have several issues to deal with -- a lot of people, financial problems, health problems, family issues, etc. -- but over time I have been worrying and stressing over them constantly. I can\'t seem to turn my mind off. It feels like I am surrounded by hundreds of little stress monsters, and they constantly fire little stress arrows into my brain. I know that sounds weird, but it\'s almost like they are competing to be the No. 1 stressor. Sometimes this goes on late into the night, preventing sleep. I guess it would be called "racing thoughts." How can I turn my mind off?', "I have a milder form of autism (Asperger's syndrome). Are there certain jobs that I cannot do after I get out of college? What are the jobs that I will not be able to do?", "I recently read your answer to the question 'How can I keep my depression from recurring' and was very disheartened. I am 26 and with four major depressive episodes under my belt (as well as my undergraduate studies in psychology) I knew that I was basically out of luck anyway... but I still had hope. After reading your answer though... well, I suppose disheartened really is the best way to put it. Is there no hope? Will I always be on these meds (I take 200 mg sertraline and 300 mg bupropion)? What about starting a family? That's nine-plus months without them and after my last episode I'm actually afraid of what might happen if I went that long without. Please, tell me there's hope.", 'My husband, age 39, was diagnosed with manic depression/bipolar disorder approximately two years ago. He suffers from recurrent bouts of depression and is currently in a depressive phase. He does not have very many manic phases at all. His short-term memory is getting progressively worse. Lately he cannot seem to remember how to get to places that he had just visited two or three days before. This has happened three times in the past week alone. Is there a correlation between recurrent bouts of depression and memory loss? I would question the medications as a factor, but he has not changed meds in many months and the episodes of memory loss have been in recent weeks. I would appreciate any information you can give me, as the primary caregiver you can imagine that this whole ordeal is very difficult.', "Following a two-month ICU stay five years ago, I was told that I had many symptoms of PTSD. The near-death experience would have been enough to shake me up alone, but when I wound up with ICU delirium ... I don't know how long it lasted, it felt like years, and the hallucinations were worse than all of the surgeries and physical therapy put together. Worse than anything I have ever experienced. They were just too vivid, and my periods of lucidity were few and far between. I couldn't sleep soundly through the night for almost a year afterward.", "I don't have a question. However, I would like to make a comment. I found the antidepressant Lamictal to be a godsend. I feel like a new person since I've been taking it. I also take Neurontin, which really takes the edge off. I feel for the person who can't find the right medicine. Don't give up, keep trying new drugs.", 'It is known that people who have had a depressive episode have a high chance of experiencing a second depressive episode. It seems that people are more "sensitive" to stress/life events (kindling hypothesis). What options are available for people who had a depressive episode in the past, to avoid having a recurrence or at least lower the chances of a recurrence in the future?', 'My mom died nine months ago, and two days later, I gave birth to my daughter (she was full term, actually late, and completely healthy). I have been struggling with depression and all sorts of other medical problems since my mom passed. I cannot seem to get past crying over my mom. I cried all the time. We were very close, and losing her has been very hard. At the time, my husband was in Iraq, so I was dealing with a newborn by myself, as well as the loss of my best friend, my mom.', "I have had a quite a few ups and downs in my life. I have had depression since I was 8 years old. (I am now 26 and was diagnosed as bipolar three years ago.) In my lifetime, I have suffered major emotional abuse and betrayals from a variety of people, not to mention rough circumstances (losing a job last year, and unstable conditions in my current job). I have now gotten to a point where I've become obsessive about money due to fears of once again becoming unemployed, and I find myself drifting away from friends because I don't feel safe being close to anyone any more. It's scary for me because I went through a major depressive episode from ages 14 to 18, and I had to fight just to keep myself alive (medication was not available for me at the time, either). I've fought so hard just to get to my current point in life, which was graduating from college and living independently. I'm just so terrified of losing everything that I've fought for and returning to those lows, but I feel like I have to strike it out on my own just to maintain myself. Is there any chance of me ever feeling any form of security in my life ever again?", 'My 11-year-old daughter got a diagnosis of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) about six months ago. She is not currently on any medication but has been regularly seeing a therapist.', 'Can a stimulant medication for ADHD make the child taking it have mood swings and violent aggression?', "I am a 50-year-old male and have been experiencing a voice talking to me. I lost most of my central vision about 11 years ago from a virus and am legally blind. I was diagnosed with depression two years ago by my doctor and he put me on 20 mg of paroxetine a day. I have always been an antisocial person but even more so after losing most of my vision. For the last several months there has been a voice talking to me. It just carries on normal conversations and warns me of various things, remarks about the news, people, daily activities (don't eat that, eat this instead), stay away from this or that person because they are out to harm you, your neighbors are watching you, etc. What is happening to me? Can you give me some suggestions on how to make the voice stop? I would greatly appreciate any suggestions you can give me. Thank You", "Want to know more about this article or other health related issues? Ask your question and we'll post some each week for CNN.com reader to discuss or for our experts to weight in."]