['threat to burn a  Koran  just four days plan to burn the  Koran . He has found service at the  dove world outreach center . There were fewer Christians. But pastor  Terry Jones  has led this little burn hundreds of  Koran  the holy book of Afghanistan General David  Petraeus  warned that jones leaders from the  Vatican  to this southern ', "not to go forward but he won't listen. In Afghanistan General David Petraeus warned that jones' actions could endanger US troops. It puts our soldiers in jeopardy very likely we've already seen a demonstration here in Kabul. Just there -- rumors that this event to take. Place we understand that those concerns or all or ballot but the question that we have is. If we don't do it. Oh wouldn't -- do we stop backing down. But even though Christian leaders from the Vatican to this southern baptists to evangelical leaders have condemned Jones he beliefs. Christian sometimes ask what would Jesus do. Do you really ", "himself into a corner he does say he's preying on this. General Petraeus is words had an effect he says that god sends him a clear message not to do it he won't but he ", 'threat to burn a  Koran  just four days plans to burn the  Koran . He has found service at the  dove world outreach center . There fewer than Christians. But pastor  Terry Jones  has led this little burn hundreds of  Koran  the holy book of Afghanistan General David  Petraeus  warned that jones leaders from the  Vatican  to this southern ', "not to go forward but he won't listen. In Afghanistan General David Petraeus warned that jones' actions could endanger US troops. It puts our soldiers in jeopardy very likely we've already seen a demonstration here in Kabul. Not just -- the rumor that this event could take. Place we understand that those concerns or all or ballot but the question that we have is. If we don't do it. Oh wouldn't -- do we stop backing down. But even though Christian leaders from the Vatican to this southern baptists to evangelical leaders have condemned Jones he beliefs. Christian sometimes ask what would Jesus do. Do you really ", "himself into a corner he does say he's preying on this. General Petraeus is words had an effect he says that god sends him a clear message not to do what he won't but he ", "about the crazy pastor in Gainesville Florida who is threatening to  burn Quran  on September 11 that would be  Terry Jones  an evangelical pastor of the  dove world outreach center . Now that's not a misnomer. I don't know what does is a sign ", "forget about the crazy pastor in Gainesville Florida who is threatening to burn Quran -- on September 11 that would be Terry Jones an evangelical pastor of the dove world outreach center . Now -- that's not a misnomer. I don't know what does -- -- is a sign of peace and outreach implies inclusive ", "course reacting to the 9/11  Koran burning  to be held by pastor  Terry Jones  leader of the fifty member  dove world outreach center . If he's listening just hope spreading around the planned  Koran burning . TJ Winick ABC news New York ", "for al-Qaeda. The president is of course reacting to the -- 9/11 Koran burning to be held by pastor Terry Jones leader of the fifty member dove world outreach center . If he's listening -- just hope he understands that what he's proposing to do. -- completely contrary to our values as Americans ", 'that insurgents in Afghanistan have been spreading around -- -- the planned Koran burning . TJ Winick ABC news New York. The mother of one of three American hikers held in Iran says she is hopeful after ', 'to burn the  Koran  on this anniversary long live the  Koran . An effigy of pastor  Terry Jones  from the tiny General David  Petraeus . Is outraged today pastor  Terry Jones  vowed he would go ahead with the  Koran burning  what doing ', "it in Florida a pastor is calling on people to burn the Koran on this anniversary. It is triggering protests cost the Muslim world and tonight in American general is warning that the pastor's words could put our troops in harm's way. Martha Raddatz is in Kabul Afghanistan where those protests broke out. The crown in downtown Kabul reached nearly 500. Today with protesters chanting long live the Koran . An effigy of pastor Terry Jones from the tiny Florida church wasn't lit on fire. The protesters well aware of the pastor's inflammatory comments Islamist medieval religion. But anger has spread far beyond pastor Jones with chants of death to America echoing through the crowd. Minutes later rocks were hurled at a passing US military convoy. The US commander in Afghanistan General David Petraeus . Is outraged by the threat to burn the Koran saying in a statement tonight that it could endanger troops and it could endanger the overall effort here. We spoke tonight in Kabul with the former vice chief of staff of the army general Jack -- It is outrageous and is insulting to Muslims but it's also insulting to us soldiers. In terms of what they stand for and what their commitment is to this country -- -- the Muslims in this country. Late today pastor Terry Jones vowed he would go ahead with the Koran burning what -- -- doing. It was long overdue when you're revealing -- -- The violence of Islam that is much much deeper. ", "of a Florida pastor  Terry Jones  who burn the  Koran  on March 20. Now his church. General David  Petraeus  condemned the burning intolerant. The pastor  Terry Jones  told ABC news he's the match to burn the  Koran  say they're not afraid ", "burning of a sequel can run this tiny Gainesville church. General David Petraeus condemned the burning painting it could harm American troops. That action was hateful. It was intolerant. The pastor Terry Jones told ABC news he's believes before a more important. Even if -- expensive an American soldier or to attend. Would have to ", 'of this controversy pastor  Terry Jones  the pastor Jones we appreciate whether or not to burn the  Koran . Right now low we have play in Afghanistan General David  Petraeus  who has said. Your actions you are not going to burn the  Koran  on Saturday. That is correct ', 'president to Sarah Palin to the top general in Afghanistan General David Petraeus who has said. Your actions. Could put servicemen and women in jeopardy what do you say to those families who have loved ', "chorus. Including General David  Petraeus . Who's warned that images of administration. Also weighing in the  Vatican  in whose newspaper ran a headline Jews and Muslims. Who say that  Quran burning  is exhibit a in a nationwide quote ", "Clinton added her voice to a growing government chorus. Including General David Petraeus . Who's warned that images of -- -- burning could endanger his troops in Afghanistan. A notion echoed by the White House itself. Any type of activity like that would be. That puts our troops in harm's way would be -- -- this administration. Also weighing in the Vatican in whose newspaper ran a headline saying no one burns -- -- And a group of American religious leaders including Catholics evangelicals Jews and Muslims. Who say that Quran burning is exhibit a in a nationwide quote anti Muslim frenzy. -- who was not built on he -- was built on -- ", "Florida pastor's threat to burn  Koran  is on the grounds. And his solution of course the pastor  Terry Jones  is a scrambling to find a way him you know General David  Petraeus  in an exclusive interview this inflammatory as the burning of the  Koran . Even Donald Trump had a hand ", "-- secretary I -- Robert Gates called him you know General David Petraeus in an exclusive interview this morning signaled our Martha Raddatz. There has been some damage done you've seen it you've seen you've heard of the demonstrations here. In Afghanistan. There are already in a sense images if you will -- planted in minds albeit not with photos of something as inflammatory as the burning of the Koran . Even Donald Trump had a hand -- trying to break the deadlock. Offering to -- an investor's stake in the ground zero ", "Let me ask you pastor  Terry Jones  give a press today. Says he's gonna go through burning the Koreans You can see sobering message and to present now we had General  Petraeus  Hillary Clinton the president. even as you pointed out earlier ", 'can see -- sobering message and to present now we had General Petraeus Hillary Clinton the president. -- -- -- -- even as you pointed out earlier Sarah Palin wing as well and as often ', 'An 11-year-old Christian girl is accused of breaking controversial blasphemy laws.', "wrong to burn the  Koran  and it's wrong to was doing General  Petraeus  thought was increasing Complication of the  Koran burning  potential of the  Koran burning  I look I think the say don't burn the  Koran  verses they wouldn't ", "-- not take the extra step given this added. Complication of the Koran burning potential of the Koran burning -- I look I think the American people. Want to see an even handedness here and I think that. -- people are prepared to say don't burn the Koran verses they wouldn't want to burn the Bible or any other religious document. But they're also prepared to say what actually pretty ", "At the center that uproar over the  Koran burning  and the US apology general John Allen apologizing. For the burning the  Koran  Why wouldn't we. Why wouldn't in retaliation for the burning the  Koran  was from the same battalion as these ", "we hear from the general. At the center that uproar over the Koran burning and the US apology general John Allen -- the senior American commander in Afghanistan. For those -- -- were mistakenly burned. ABC's ", 'Florida where pastor Jones and his small group of followers first gained attention Matt. Scrambling for a way out pastor  Terry Jones  may have found when late today the Oman has agreed. To move the mosque. We have agreed to. To cancel our event on ', 'of followers first gained attention Matt. Scrambling for a way out pastor Terry Jones may have found when late today the Oman has agreed. To move the mosque. We have agreed to. To cancel our event ', 'intention. General David  Petraeus  in Afghanistan. Said implications. Of a possible  Koran burning  in the United States planning to do General David  Petraeus . Put American lives of them by reading the  Koran . At their worship services ', "-- -- Two radical Islam. Yes that is our intention. General David Petraeus -- in Afghanistan. Said -- today we're very concerned about the implications. Of a possible Koran burning in the United States it puts our soldiers in jeopardy very likely. And this event. Could. Very well be used by extremists here and around the world in the same way that these images from Abu grab and some other incidents it would use them to inflame public opinion. And to incite violence against our soldiers. What you're planning to do General David Petraeus . Put American lives American soldiers at risk. Wouldn't do. Will we we understand his concerns and we sure -- concerns. We understand ", 'who plans to burn the  Koran  on sun Saturday the anniversary And told you last night  Terry Jones  church has only a couple now listening to pastor  Terry Jones  every word right now against non Muslims. Still  Terry Jones . Seems to have crossed ', "grew louder today denouncing that Florida pastor who plans to burn the Koran on sun Saturday the anniversary of 9/11. And -- told you last night Terry Jones church has only a couple of dozen members but tonight this is the news not only is Billy Graham's son Franklin trying to reach out to him. So is Sarah Palin. And we have a new poll showing what Americans really think and know about Islam here's Terry Moran -- At it again today the lanky hardscrabble preacher people around the world now listening to pastor Terry Jones every word -- right now. We we are not convinced. That backing down. He has the right thing late today Sarah Palin ", "religion 31%. -- in mainstream Islam encourages violence against non Muslims. Still Terry Jones . Seems to have crossed the line a line that is clear to so many Christians like pastor Dan Johnson of the trinity United Methodist Church in Gainesville. From a Christian standpoint what's wrong with burning -- -- for -- Christian perspective. We are taught in our scriptures to. Honor love and respect other people. And treat them as we would want to be treated. But that vision of christianity is a far cry from what Terry Jones professes. Terry Moran ABC news. And next week we're going to start a world news series answering the most pointed and important ", "weapons from the UN guards and opened fire on police. The protest was against the burning of a crime by Florida pastor  Terry Jones  in Florida two weeks ago He told the BBC He feels no responsibility for today's violence. We are absolutely not responsible ", "The protest was against the burning of a crime by Florida pastor Terry Jones in Florida two weeks ago He told the BBC He feels no responsibility for today's violence. We are absolutely not responsible but ", 'potentially dangerous. An FBI bulletin is warning that Islamic radicals might attack those participating. In the  Koran burning  and that the event will likely have far reaching. Political and national security implications. Ranging from boycotts ', 'bulletin is warning that Islamic radicals might attack those participating. In the Koran burning and that the event will likely have far reaching. Political and national security implications. Ranging from boycotts to terrorism. The bulletin is ']