["For four minutes, the No. 20 UNLV Runnin' Rebels more than lived up to their nickname.Playing in their home arena before their frenzied fans, the Runnin' Rebels raced to leads of 12-0 and 17-4 against New Mexico.The runnin' didn't stop, but the big lead started vanishing and, finally, New Mexico caught up.Drew Gordon had 19 points and 13 rebounds and the Lobos stunned No. 20 UNLV 72-67 in the Runnin' Rebels' home arena in the Mountain West Conference semifinals Friday night.New Mexico (26-6) will play No. 18 San Diego State in the championship game Saturday night. The Lobos and Aztecs shared the regular-season title, with SDSU earning the top seed on a tiebreaker. SDSU will be trying for its third straight tournament title and automatic NCAA berth.Tony Snell added 15 points and Demetrius Walker 12 for the Lobos, who outrebounded UNLV 41-25 and took advantage of the Runnin' Rebels shooting just 35.6 percent overall.New Mexico had lost to UNLV (26-8) the previous seven times they'd met i...", "I estimate that I've watched over 300 hours of college basketball this season, spent valuable time pouring through Ken Pomeroy's statistical analysis and researched ...", "I wouldn't have wanted to be in Frank Martin's locker room Saturday afternoon.The same holds true for those of Roy Williams , or Tom Izzo or John Beilein . Winning o...", 'Too many turnovers cost Air Force a shot of upsetting UNLV.The Falcons outshot the No. 21 Runnin Rebels and outscored them in the second half, but turned the ball ov...', 'In a defensive game, UNLV coach Dave Rice thought it was best not to call a timeout as his team sought to tie or win in the last 22 seconds."As good as Wyoming is wi...', "Louisiana-Monroe dropped to 0-3 this season against Top 25 teams after Monday night's 81-63 loss to No. 21 UNLV.Warhawks coach Keith Richard has the Rebels on top of...", 'Boise State lost the momentum of a three-game winning streak Wednesday night, unable to string together significant offensive runs in a 75-58 loss at No. 21 UNLV.Coa...', "Chace Stanback scored 21 points to lead No. 21 UNLV to a 68-58 victory over Air Force on Saturday and passed Runnin' Rebels great Reggie Theus on the school's all-ti...", "Leonard Washington and Francisco Cruz scored 16 points apiece and Wyoming throttled No. 11 UNLV's high-scoring offense in a 68-66 victory Saturday.Luke Martinez adde...", "The UNLV Runnin' Rebels will try to hand the ranked Illinois Fighting Illini their first loss of the season, as the two meet in Chicago today.UNLV opened the season ...", "The 19th-ranked UNLV Runnin' Rebels will do battle with the Central Arkansas Bears tonight in Las Vegas.Three straight losses have dropped Central Arkansas to 5-6 ov...", 'Colorado State missed on a chance to throw the Mountain West Conference race into chaos on Wednesday night when the Rams failed to stop No. 11 UNLV after taking an e...', 'Oscar Bellfield and Chace Stanback both scored 16 points and No. 11 UNLV pushed past Colorado State 82-63 on Wednesday night.Bellfield was 4 of 8 from beyond the 3-p...', 'Drew Gordon poured in 27 points and grabbed 45 rout of 11th-ranked UNLV at the Pit.Tony Snell added 12 points for the Lobos (22-4, 8-2 Mountain West), who have solid...', 'Drew Gordon poured in 27 points and grabbed 45 rout of 11th-ranked UNLV at the Pit on Saturday.Tony Snell added 12 points for the Lobos (22-4, 8-2 Mountain West), wh...', "TCU's shot at contending with No. 14 UNLV on Wednesday night was gone moments after the opening tip.The Runnin' Rebels scurried to an 18-2 lead, and the Horned Frogs...", "Closing in on the 20-win plateau, the 12th-ranked UNLV Runnin' Rebels take their act on the road tonight as they clash with the Air Force Falcons in Mountain West Co...", 'New Mexico has gone from preseason Mountain West favorites to the middle of the pack in a conference with two teams in the Top 25 poll.The struggling Lobos simply lo...', 'California did not want to go into conference play this way.The Golden Bears ran into a faster and more athletic UNLV team on Friday, losing 85-68 to the 21st-ranked...', 'OUTLOOK: The New Mexico Lobos have been putting quality product on the floor ever since Steve Alford arrived in Albuquerque and this year will be no different as he ...']