["but its past is scarred by  war . Over the centuries, it was president Slobodan Milosevic.  Serbia  became an international pariah bombed in 1999 by NATO to stop the  war in Kosovo . Ruins of  Serbia 's military and police headquarters ", "but its past is scarred by  war . Over the centuries, it was president Slobodan Milosevic.  Serbia  became an international pariah bombed in 1999 by NATO to stop the  war in Kosovo . Ruins of  Serbia 's military and police headquarters ", 'over cyber-hacking. Edelsten has also has traveled widely to cover big stories, including the  Kosovo war , the SARS epidemic in China, the Iraq  War , the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks, the 2004 tsunami in Asia and the 2008 U.S. presidential ', 'Jordanian camp housing over 100,000  war  refugees from Syria. A German aid worker refugees who fled to Jordan from the  war  in Syria. They live in trailers and Uganda, South Sudan, Kenya, Somalia,  Kosovo , Sri Lanka and Pakistan, and he was ', 'Kenyan border fleeing  war -torn Somalia to the Dejana Mekanic, 31, from  Bosnia , temporarily living in London, UK. Dejana fled  Bosnia  at the beginning of the  war  in the Balkans and lived  in Kosovo  and  Germany  before being resettled ', "PM Note: Syria Crosses Red Line, Obama in No Hurry, Bill Clinton's  Rwanda Amnesia", 'Criticizing Obama on Syria,  Clinton  Forgets Rwanda - Dana Hughes criticizing Obama on Syria,  Clinton  cited his own leadership in intervention to end the conflict  in Kosovo , which included the bombing million people be refugees out of  Kosovo , a couple hundred thousand ', 'Images Former President Bill  Clinton  reportedly expressed his support intervention to end the conflict  in Kosovo , which included the bombing million people be refugees out of  Kosovo , a couple hundred thousand 75 percent against it?\' "  Clinton  said according to audio of ', 'bombs went off. 3. Serbian Government Approves Deal With  Kosovo  The Serbian government has unanimously approved a potentially landmark agreement to normalize relations with  Kosovo  that could end years of tension and fighting. 4. Pro ', 'is a strong supporter of the  War  Powers Act, which requires congressional authority to declare  war , he also supports the right Panama. I supported President  Clinton  when, against the will of what was needed to be done  in Kosovo  and  Bosnia , so forth. And in this particular Kerry to defend his anti- war  stance in the 1970s against ', 'offering to cover the conflict that was just starting  in Kosovo . She didn\'t get any bites until three months later wait in anticipation of the coming feast. "As she did  in Kosovo , Vitale has continued to stay ahead of the pack with ', 'immediately recover after the fall of the Communist regime in 1990, and the population suffered terribly as a result of the  Kosovo War  in the late 1990s. Recently, though, the Balkans have become a hot tourist topic, with people from all over the world ', 'This has been a big year for Rita Ora . The  Kosovo -born singer, 21, has earned herself two hits with "R.I.P." and party summer anthem "How We Do," and just finished ', 'working as a supply specialist. Records show he was deployed  in Kosovo  from Oct. 10, 2007, to July 15, 2008, and then served says he was treated at military hospitals in Landstuhl,  Germany , and San Antonio, Texas, he did not provide the website villain had been bounced from four jobs in two years with the  Clinton  administration before joining the show. She later stirred ', 'international guidance for years to come.  In Kosovo  the man in charge of fighting crime gestalt Cilic. Just eight years makes it went to  war  against  Serbia  to stop the massacres and expulsions be clear he says they must be free of  Serbia  And from one in the Everett from the ', "new plans they'll be plenty of international guidance for years to come. In Kosovo the man in charge of fighting crime gestalt is usually based in Essex we -- after the UK interest. By our men and strengthened during this is by making sure there's a strong coastal police haven't. The UNN Cilic. Just eight years -- makes it went to war against Serbia to stop the massacres and expulsions. Of ethnic Albanians make up the vast bulk of the population -- cause of that. Thousands were killed about a million fled their homes this roar and like confide -- is how to Dini was among them he's been built his house and divided city of mitrovica now. But in 1999 he -- full -- a dumb point before it was torched. Today's polls doesn't even use the -- independents and he would have liked it to be clear he says they must be free of Serbia -- -- And from one in the Everett from the way. And I hope it'll be that it. Movie idol thinking that ", 'this phase of the crisis over  Kosovo . They had on again off again to pull their troops out of  Kosovo . The fact that this your document future. In which we can rebuild  Kosovo . And restore some normality The troops that now deployed  in Kosovo  will be under UN supervision ', 'have finally sun agreed at last to pull their troops out of Kosovo The fact that this -- your document has not -- agree. Represents the hope for a better future. In which we can rebuild Kosovo And restore some normality. Of the lives of its ordinary citizens. Regardless. Of that ethnic background. And yet the serves as everyone expected. Managed to claim their own victory yeah. We are the moral winners -- the rankings Serb civilians. And Serb general said just this president Milosevic had demanded all along. The troops that now deployed in Kosovo will be under UN supervision. Not NATO. Not true they will be under direct NATO command with a UN resolution merely authorizing their presence in Kosovo . That was the last snag between Serbs and their signature NATO held firm and they gave it. General Jackson said NATO reserves ', 'could still be several days before any NATO peacekeepers actually rolling to Kosovo to Begin their work. In Kosovo itself Yugoslav troops have begun early preparations for a withdrawal. Bringing in heavy trucks photographed from the air by NATO bid would be used to transport tanks out of the area. By morning US officials expect the first large movement of Yugoslav forces from the northern part of Kosovo To show good faith they must be substantially out of this zone in one day. At which point NATO could stop the ', "many places in  Bosnia . Where Serbs and what will happen  in Kosovo . If everything stabilization forces in  Bosnia . We've had been what's going on  Serbia . On the other Serbian troops  in Kosovo . Ever since the  war  started because foreign forces out of  Bosnia  which of these spill over. From  Serbia  it would be our NATO bombs. This  Muslim  woman on the other committee country  Clinton . That you will ", "particular reason -- -- it's just one of many places -- in Bosnia . Where Serbs and Muslims killed each other on a regular basis until the Dayton peace accords laid the ground work. For a ", "star general in overall command of -- for NATO's stabilization forces in Bosnia . We've had been instances were soldiers were threatened we've had a couple hand grenades thrown controls. So there have been acts of violence. But the best we can determine it's all individual acts of violence -- coordinator loans. In the particular case of the Serbs. There's a tremendous amount of sympathy. Sadness. Depression even about what's going on Serbia . On the other hand a very very strong sense of resignation. They really don't want that here. Depending on -- you go ", "by NATO bombing of Serbian cities in Yugoslavia. For -- Serbian troops in Kosovo . Ever since the war started because of those are all scared that the war wolf -- over into -- -- program. I told my troops are going anywhere between the two factions. And my job is to provide a safe and secure environment for a group. Time to -- -- I mean you would interpose ourselves. You and your troops would stand between these folks and war spilling over from -- or effective Tibetan promised -- said and we we protect the Bork. We cannot let this mission fails some -- because something else is happening and told its army. -- under the treaties keep foreign forces out of Bosnia which of these capsules earlier you were talking about some kind of spill over. From Serbia it would be our responsibility to keep that from happening push him out. But I but I can't speculate. About what might ", "something if he went to visit  Bosnia . They leave was accompanied that through first week in the  war . Tightly wrapped it is a virtual all independence province of  Kosovo . He brushes off the question well of course always part of  Serbia . And part of Yugoslavia concentration camps five Serbian held  Bosnia . And apparently unable to Croatian atrocities during World  War  II. And during last year's ", 'violence in the world. Might achieve something if he went to visit Bosnia . They leave -- was accompanied on his trip by a number of journalists among them Nightline producer Deanna Lee and Nightline correspondent. ', "Chrysler's. Balked at his attempts to -- concentration camps five Serbian held Bosnia . And apparently unable to fly the failure at all he percent of all the government conferred with -- ultimatum. Help us see ", "the Serbs museum of genocide. It focuses on Croatian atrocities during World War II. And during last year's Serbo Croatian war in which the Serbs took 13 of Croatia's territory. Genocide says visa all the survivor who involve -- house votes for the special meaning. Even mass murder even as in today's Yugoslavia serial mass murder is not genocide. The museum stop costs time pressures -- And -- l.'s best chance to see the war in Bosnia's most pathetic victims victims you saw on Nightline last month. He -- wanted to see the civilian campus turned off or yet ", 'The NATO  war  against Yugoslavia is a strange one to fight busy or it here on the flight deck. The real  war  always remains somewhere. Over the horizon strains. In short almost everything wounds of  war . But she says after almost a month of wartime ', "The NATO war against Yugoslavia is a strange one to fight -- report. Because no matter how busy or -- it -- here on the flight deck. The real war always remains somewhere. Over the horizon. In the Roosevelt sick -- for example was ship's medical officer lieutenant Suzanne Breen. Checks her ", 'seen. Colts lose. Muscle strains. In short almost everything -- wounds of war . But she says after almost a month of wartime duty. She and her fellow doctors or mercy indications of stress we have ', "for LE long term military assignment. But what can make fighting the war from the Roosevelt hard to put into high gear is the remoteness of the battlefield. As commander Philip Logan put gum ball so the -- ordinance teams what does. We keep saying it's a warrior the admiral says -- -- a war . I don't know if it feels like war . We don't see what's going on the pilots to them I'm sure it's war they're the ones are getting shot -- they're the ones that actually dropping weapons. Us back here. Were for removed. From the ", 'force troops under attack in  Germany  targeted by a gunman shouting their way to a US base in  Germany . According to law enforcement old whose parents moved to  Germany  decades ago  from Kosovo . And uncle told the Associated Press He is a devout  Muslim  who work the Frankfurt airport ', 'shooter is 21 year old -- -- -- whose parents moved to Germany decades ago from Kosovo . And uncle told the Associated Press He is a devout Muslim who work -- the Frankfurt airport. Security had been beefed up -- the airport after an informant said a group linked to ']