['Michael Phelps had the spotlight to himself at the U.S. Olympic swimming trials on Wednesday, qualifying third-fastest in the 200-meter butterfly while rival Ryan Lo...', 'Michael Phelps had the spotlight to himself at the U.S. Olympic swimming trials on Wednesday, qualifying third-fastest in the 200-meter butterfly while rival Ryan Lo...', 'Michael Phelps finally gets a night off from battling Ryan Lochte.The 14-time Olympic gold medalist has the spotlight to himself in the 200-meter butterfly final on ...', 'Michael Phelps finally gets a night off from battling Ryan Lochte.The 14-time Olympic gold medalist has the spotlight to himself in the 200-meter butterfly final on ...', 'After a couple of epic duels with his biggest rival, Michael Phelps made this one look easy.Phelps stayed on course to swim eight events at the London Games, pulling...', 'Michael Phelps coasted to a win in the 200-meter butterfly at U.S. trials on Thursday, no surprise for the two-time reigning Olympic champion in the event.Also the w...', "The Michael Phelps and Ryan Lochte Show is down to its last act at the U.S. Olympic trials.The world's two best swimmers go at it in the 200-meter individual medley ...", "The Michael Phelps and Ryan Lochte Show is down to its last act at the U.S. Olympic trials.The world's two best swimmers go at it in the 200-meter individual medley ...", 'Dana Vollmer is the fastest qualifier in the 100-meter freestyle preliminaries at the U.S. Olympic swim trials, with teenager Missy Franklin also advancing.Vollmer w...', 'Ryan Lochte got his busy Friday under way by qualifying fastest in the 200-meter backstroke at the U.S. Olympic swimming trials. He returned a short time later and s...', 'Brendan Hansen and Eric Shanteau were the favorites.The race was a different matter.In another major breaststroke upset, Scott Weltz won the 200 meters at the U.S. O...', 'The head-to-head rivalry between Michael Phelps and Ryan Lochte continued Saturday, with Phelps narrowly edging Lochte to win the 200-meter individual medley at the ...', 'Six athletes received nominations to the U.S. Olympic Archery Team after a three-part trials process concluded on June 3 in Colorado Springs, Colo. Miranda Leek (Des...', "By Greg StutchburySHANGHAI (Reuters) - Michael Phelps shook off a rusty 150 meters to storm home in the final lap and qualify for the men's 200 meters butterfly semi..."]