['"THE REAL DISH" Investigations Into The Food You Eat And The Restaurants You Frequent Airs On "20/20," Friday, November 16 At 10 PM On ABC', 'than the $8 store-bought one? And how about a $300 hamburger vs. a $5 one? Amy Robach and "Top Chef" host  Alton Brown  taste test to find out. David Sloan is executive producer of "20/20?. - ABC -', 'is the perfect ending to a delicious pasta dinner. Courtesy of Stewart/Tabori & Chang  Alton Brown \'s \'Good Eats 3: The Later Years\' Fans of  Alton Brown \'s scientific Food Network cooking show, "Good Eats," will be excited to get their ', "gourmets and food personalities aren't quite so large lately. Food Network star, TV pitchman and best-selling author  Alton Brown  has lost 50 pounds. Celebrity chef Rocco DiSpirito lost 40 pounds (maybe he danced some of it off: DiSpirito was ", "to my MacBook Pro) might be an advantage. But, the Kindle is, essentially, a single-tasker, something TV chef  Alton Brown  has taught me to despise. Swell, Amazon welcomes us to a universe in 16 shades of gray. That's better than the ", 'good-for-you family beverage, not just a kid\'s drink. Welch\'s has hired wacky food scientist (and Food Network TV star)  Alton Brown  to be its pitchman. In new ads, Brown explains the Concord grape is an "amazing little fruit" that produces antioxidants ', 'American invention. The original Kitchen Stadium was in Japan. "This is, I think, more of an athletic event," said  Alton Brown , "Iron Chef" master of ceremonies. "The original was more of a \'Godzilla\' movie. You know, it had such strange ', "Food Network star  Alton Brown  shared recipes from his latest cookbook, 'Feasting on Asphalt' on GMA today. ' Click here to get Alton's recipes for Wisconsin 'Mess,' Pecan Pie and Bread Pudding.", 'The Food Network\'s  Alton Brown  joined "Good Morning America" today to share recipes from his newest book, "Feasting on Asphalt: The River Run." This book ', '"Food Network Star" host reveals recipes that will help you beat the heat this summer.', 'The ABC News correspondent tested five burgers, from a $5 fast-food staple to a $295 gourmet burger.', "Brown he's show us how use secret ingredient. Throughout Emil but we will reveal that just moments for about the show got huge fan and this is really turning out to be a great and very high. Highly rated season and you gonna be a judge next I cannot wait zero Italian as it is on my calendar so", "Time now for America recipes brown brings us. But culinary competition Iron Chef America and to have his own show good is network and his new book club those titles good eats too. The middle years what you like this kind of middle years and years I'm not in my middle leaders shows and time. Well", 'Alton Brown  reveals his secret behind making popular Halloween treat in your kitchen.']