['are. John gains for flight. bolt for zero dark thirty. Quentin Tarantino offered jingle Michael for a more. And  Wes Anderson  and Roman Coppola for kingdom. best achievement in directing. Nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings playbook ', 'Tarantino offered jingle -- -- Michael -- -- for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola for -- -- kingdom. -- best achievement in directing. Nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings playbook. -- ', "Dayton's for flight. for zero dark thirty. Quentin Tarantino jingle and chains. Michael Hanna for a more. And  Wes Anderson  and Roman Coppola kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings ", 'Tarantino -- jingle and chains. Michael Hanna -- for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola -- -- -- kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings playbook. ', 'gains for flight. bolt for zero dark thirty. Quentin Tarantino jingle and change. Michael Hanna for a more. And  Wes Anderson  and Roman Coppola for kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings ', 'Tarantino -- jingle and change. Michael Hanna -- for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola for -- -- kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings playbook. ', "pictures. Word snapped but of course big question becomes why why would anybody care about this guy before it came out  Wes Anderson  Cooper's. Point environment and body be snapping pictures London tabloid don't we Always see stuff always always ", "why would anybody care about this guy before it came out -- Wes Anderson Cooper's. Point environment and body be snapping pictures -- -- London tabloid don't we -- Always see stuff always always always OK ", 'CHAPTER. IT\'S WELL DONE. BEFORE WE LET YOU GO, I WANT TO LAUD AND GIVE YOU A CHANCE OF WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO WORK WITH  WES ANDERSON . I HAD A FUN YEAR LAST YEAR BECAUSE I MADE THIS ONE AND MADE "MOON RISE" WITH WES. I DON\'T KNOW IF YOU CAN COME ', 'GIVE YOU A CHANCE OF WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO WORK WITH WES ANDERSON . I HAD A FUN YEAR LAST YEAR BECAUSE I MADE THIS ONE AND MADE "MOON RISE" WITH WES. I DON\'T KNOW IF ', "If we don't. If we don't want to see a week. If you see people so what else who kingdom is tremendous it's  Wes Anderson 's latest film may be his most accessible ever probably his best since the royal and this is something that you just ", "-- see people so what else who -- kingdom is tremendous it's Wes Anderson's latest film may be his most accessible ever probably his best since the royal -- and this is something that you just ", "carpet and this year's Cannes festival jetting in from filming die hard five in Budapest. See his star turned and  Wes Anderson 's moon rise kingdom. Open the most prestigious film festival on of the clearing the case of the county right now ", "from filming die hard five in Budapest. See his star turned and Wes Anderson's moon rise kingdom. Open the most prestigious film festival on of the clearing the case of the county right now and we ", "before cell phones and social networks are Rudy didn't wanted to and it's weird and wonderful in George if you like  Wes Anderson  movies I love. This I'm gonna take that recommendation right to the movie theater thanks next.", "wanted to and it's weird and wonderful in George if you like Wes Anderson movies I -- love. This -- I'm gonna take that recommendation right to the movie theater thanks next. ", "at here. Of movies that I that would just popcorn popcorn one what about fantastic an unstoppable pure animation.  Wes Anderson  with. and announced it his is a terrific work. It's ridiculous to ask you you are Linda. Romance. There's no ", "popcorn popcorn -- one what about fantastic -- an unstoppable pure animation. Wes Anderson with. -- and announced it -- his -- is a terrific work. It's ridiculous to ask you -- you are Linda. Romance. ", 'friends and And from Germany the white For best animated feature the nominees are. Moral line and Henry Fantastic the fox  Wes Anderson . The princess and the fraud John and Ron Clements. The secret of kettles home more. And off doctor. And finally ', 'the nominees are. Moral line and Henry -- Fantastic -- the fox Wes Anderson . The princess and the fraud John -- and Ron Clements. The secret of kettles home more. And off -- doctor. And finally ', 'camps is premiering this week at the TriBeCa film festival right here in New York. claimed independent film director  Wes Anderson  also. And also make the list Andersen is the latest celebrity be featured in an American Express commercial. Anderson ', 'right here in New York. -- -- -- claimed independent film director Wes Anderson also. And also make the list Andersen is the latest celebrity be featured in an American Express commercial. Anderson is currently working ', 'premiering this week at the TriBeCa film festival right here in New York. Explain claimed independent film director  Wes Anderson  also. And also make the list Andersen is the latest celebrity be featured in an American Express commercial. Anderson ', 'festival right here in New York. Explain -- claimed independent film director Wes Anderson also. And also make the list Andersen is the latest celebrity be featured in an American Express commercial. Anderson is currently working ']