["at risk as well.  Iraq  itself controls reserves.  Iraq  plus  Kuwait . Controls twice that. And  Iraq  permitted to swallow  Kuwait  would an economic world's remaining  oil  reserves. We cannot parlance between  President Bush  and is that we're enough to stand by  President Bush  also has some strong who escaped from  Kuwait  last week when US invasion her husband a  Kuwaiti  was left behind United States moving  to Kuwait  yes.  Kuwait  would the way that all  kuwaitis  feel and that it and other has left  in Kuwait  field. Yet I have ", "a whole country. You would be prepared deceive the United States moving to Kuwait yes. -- -- Kuwait would. Now you say that based on what because. As -- pointed -- a moment ago are you most of you must have had very limited contact with -- -- is ever since -- -- since you yourself were hiding. Are you confident that that's the way that all kuwaitis feel and that it is also the way. But Americans and other -- has left in Kuwait field. Yet I have had contact with other kuwaitis although I was in hiding in telephone contact. And the kuwaitis and the Americans everyone the way the people are being treated there and mistreated there. And because we have no medical facilities ", "out. What what what would the impact of that -- if things in Kuwait . Devastating. Devastating Kuwait cannot it cannot stand this. That sanctions Iraq can that the Kuwaiti people starved to death they will die from lack of medical attention. They cannot outlast -- as Iraq -- there's now way. Have you been in contact with American officials and you can -- have -- been debriefed on this. Not yet you expect to -- yet. And you will tell them at that time then that -- is your impression that not only the people of Kuwait but all we're all the hostages now being held there. Are looking for an American destroyer concerns -- -- -- -- -- ", "the cost of  kuwaitis  in human terms reporting from  Kuwait City . And we'll be joined by a  Kuwaiti  Doctor Who win the war.  Kuwait  is already country and  Iraq  for an extended has begun.  President Bush  announced today again from  Kuwait City  is Nightline waves into  Kuwait City  read we see carried out the  kuwaitis  are having that. Of the  Kuwaiti  resistance us live from  Kuwait City  is  Kuwaiti the kind of  in Kuwait  about being ", 'from day one in -- -- Doing all the kind of -- in Kuwait about being done by -- -- -- by. About me -- big -- -- people hoping people would. -- -- -- Goes ', "want -- -- -- You don't after obviously but why now but Kuwait City is free again. Do you not want -- to review your identity. Actually four substitute for reasons I don't think security is that a hundred there's been. -- -- Kuwait . There are still some Iraqi members did today of this. Secret police. Probably in Kuwait so I'd like to keep my I -- Secret -- it exactly. Yours still a work of doctor. Yes I'm still a ", "burns and at home. It's just a problem in the signal from Kuwait City . Doctor let me know. Move on to rescue about. Some of those who collaborated. With the Iraqis to what degree did either kuwaitis or some of the other nationalities. Who were residents in Kuwait . During the war to what degree degree collaborate with the Iraqi authority. There -- very few. People who collaborated with the Iraqis. They -- Kuwait is there when -- believe these are within specified. What about the what about the health conditions and what is likely to happen. Because you don't have running water because we don't have electricity. What do you estimate is going to be the -- immediate danger in terms. Of the population in Kuwait City and throughout the rest of the way for. Put the population. Good -- at the time being in Kuwait . Time. At this point of time actually. -- -- run into some problems with what because of them that -- nation -- ", "massive US invasion of  Kuwait  and  Iraq  sooner rather than later Didn't in any way be  President Bush 's deadline today for beginning to get out of  Kuwait . The was clearly cast at least get  Iraq  out of  Kuwait  under some conditions using high rise buildings  in Kuwait City  as anti aircraft platforms Iraqis have set fifteen more  oil  wells on fire  in Kuwait  aerial photography reveals troops are rounding up  Kuwaiti  civilians. There seems ", "-- only a political miracle will prevent a massive US invasion of Kuwait and Iraq sooner rather than later. The Soviet Union -- spent all they tried to stave off an American attack but when the Iraqi president Saddam Hussein. Didn't in any way be President Bush's deadline today for beginning to get out of Kuwait The -- was clearly cast. Baghdad radio warned again that Americans and their allies would be turned to ashes and what they ", "begun an attack on occupied  Kuwait . And on various targets inside  Iraq . What was known for so desert shield in the words of  President Bush  is now Operation Desert another. And of course over  Kuwait  and  Iraq . One of the imperative enormous concerns in the  Middle East  and it has. It has been the southernmost point of  Iraq  and about 330 some odd miles from  Kuwait  right. I think that's ", 'have absolute need to communicate with one another. And of course over Kuwait and Iraq . One of the imperative desires. Of the military in the very first instance is to block out all Iraqi communications so when ', "smoke and smog from burning  oil  fields are combining to give begins to emerge. Just outside  Kuwait City . Coalition forces are poised Wednesday to move into the  Kuwaiti  capital against unknown Iraqi opposition. At the  Kuwaiti  international airport. US for three days. In southern  Iraq  near the border with  Kuwait  the allies' biggest strike ", 'battlefield. Rain mrs. low clouds. And the smoke and smog from burning oil fields are combining to give new meaning to the old expression. The fog of war. It hampers the allied air war most. ', "Mercedes and in the field  oil . And now you're being wandered into a place called the  Kuwaiti  education center. We were told that young  kuwaitis  were coming here to arm themselves a little slowing don't  Kuwaiti  war isn't hell. Taking this class because need go back  to Kuwait  but cannot find someone hula his injection contempt for  kuwaitis  helped by what they see at night. There are 7000  Kuwaiti  soldiers fighting with courage ", "onions and -- When they're driving Mercedes and -- in the field oil . And now you're being asked to go off and fight for people -- -- always been arrogant selfish and soft. For instance one afternoon we wandered into a place called the Kuwaiti education center. We were told that young kuwaitis were coming here to arm themselves for the tough reality ahead. How tough. Well it turns out they have to face the awful Specter of life without so many servants. Fewer foreigners to do everything for them so a group of young women were bravely setting out to learn a little slowing don't -- Kuwaiti war isn't hell. Taking this class because -- need go back to Kuwait but cannot find someone hula. I think all -- thinks. -- his injection contempt for kuwaitis helped by what they see at night. There are 7000 Kuwaiti soldiers fighting with courage at the front. Hundreds of other young Kuwaiti men are battling nothing more than a tricky Disco beat. Every night they show up and nightclubs around Cairo still with their millions. And apparently without much conscience. We decided to try to ask some questions. So. Don't -- you don't want war but his country. At this point the man's friend intervened saying He mustn't talk the Kuwaiti embassy -- told everyone to shut up from. We even saw an embassy news letter warning everybody to keep a low profile. So we moved back out to the dance floor for a cost of a Kuwaiti man was sitting in the corner. Are you going to fight for Kuwait we asked. Smiled and said He only wanted to talk Disco. There are egyptians who say the kuwaitis are fat and rich dancing in -- discos -- night. We're fighting for them -- for the public schools before the people -- for one person to present -- -- He's also fighting for. Egypt's position after the war -- Barak may be one of the last real idealists. He said He is certain everything would change. That the oil rich gulf states will start helping their poor neighbors. And that George Bush agrees with him that the Israelis must be pushed ", "not voluntarily. Giving up  Kuwait . He is trying to save the power. And control. In the  Middle East  by every means possible And He does not renounce  Iraq 's claim  to Kuwait . To the contrary. He makes that  Iraq  continues to claim  Kuwait . Nor is there any evidence pathological of destruction of  Kuwait 's. The coalition. Well ", "Third country detainees. And an end to the pathological of destruction of Kuwait's . The coalition. Well therefore continue to prosecute the war with undiminished intensity. As we announced last night. We will not attack on ", "citizens still detained or hiding in  Iraq  and  Kuwait  930 of them Americans. This morning that the international pressure on  Iraq  is working. We Begin tonight's Hussein would release them all our in  Iraq  and those hiding  in Kuwait . Unconditionally. And immediately have also urged him to get out of  Kuwait  and try to make a separate deal would gain access to the keep the  oil  fields along the  Iraq Kuwait  border United Nations withdrawal from  Kuwait  is another and the restoration of the  Kuwaiti  government. So the reaction from  President Bush  today was keep the pressure on ", "more than 6000 western and Japanese citizens still detained or hiding in Iraq and Kuwait 930 of them Americans. This morning Hussein announced they will be free to leave may be within days the Voice of America has already started telling them preparations are under way. The administration called it a welcome and significant development a sign that the international pressure on Iraq is working. We Begin tonight's coverage in Baghdad with ABC's Karen burns. But as they always came as a surprise especially to those most affected like. It's -- long very very happy there's. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- After four months and four days in captivity. -- has learned that president Saddam Hussein would release them all our -- in Iraq and those hiding in Kuwait . Unconditionally. And immediately -- -- -- enough is being released all of us. Does -- mean some changes and other things changes. ", "this is the deadline which  President Bush  24 hours ago. For the large scale withdrawal from  Kuwait  had to Begin. At this all his Iraqi forces from  Kuwait City . And allow the prompt return of  Kuwait 's legitimate government defenses along the Saudi  Kuwaiti  and Saudi Iraqi borders All combat aircraft. of  Kuwait  was supposed to stop as destructive actions against  kuwaitis  and against  Kuwaiti  property. There is no ", "and London. To remind -- -- that this is the deadline which President Bush -- 24 hours ago. For the Iraqis to Begin -- large scale -- stroll. Outskirts of the city. Look and listen -- fall again in the US demands of the large scale withdrawal from Kuwait had to Begin. At this moment of complete military withdrawal had to occur within a week. Within 48 hours Saddam Hussein had to remove all his Iraqi forces from Kuwait City . And allow the prompt return of Kuwait's legitimate government. He had to withdraw from all prepared defenses along the Saudi Kuwaiti and Saudi Iraqi borders within a week He had to turn all Iraqi forces to their positions of August the first. Within 48 hours she had to release all prisoners of war and third country civilians being held against their will. All explosives or booby traps have to be removed He had to provide the location of land and sea mines. To the -- -- allied coalition. All combat aircraft. -- -- of Kuwait was supposed to stop as of now. So that the only aircraft leaving out of Kuwait would be troop transports carrying troops out of the theater of operation. Back to the positions -- held on August the -- And they were supposed to at this point ceased all destructive actions against kuwaitis and against Kuwaiti property. There is no sign whatsoever that He is complied. This morning there was no real -- belief that He would comply. ", "the authority goes to  President Bush  to take what action Saddam Hussein out of  Kuwait . The votes prompted  President Bush  to interrupt his weekend war if necessary on  Iraq . Both houses rejected when He was in the  Middle East . Saying that at midnight Withdrawal. Of  Iraq  from  Kuwait . It's clear expression ", "economies are that this economy I don't wanna see further devastation done to Kuwait . This question of plan was debated in the United Nations and these countries came down saying this is the deadline. And I ", "Geneva the dimension of the  Middle East  crisis would somehow be Mission baker said he found  Iraq 's rationale for invading  Kuwait  less than convincing. But They're action in invading  Kuwait  was defensive in nature were being threatened.  Kuwait . And I we'll tell you believe in  Iraq  invaded  Kuwait  four  Iraq 's own On the presented with a letter from  President Bush  for Saddam Hussein Aziz ", "-- won't mind that. We. -- religious nation. Aziz was asked if Iraq would attack Israel if war starts. Yes absolutely yes. Aziz claimed Iraq would not be the first to attack anybody. When presented with a letter from President Bush for Saddam Hussein Aziz read it carefully then refused to accept it. Right now -- President Bush used inappropriate language for communicating with the Iraqi president. The only issue about which baker got some cooperation today was on shutting ", "John thanks very much in a moment we'll talk about another channel President Bush said today that he believed Saddam Hussein still -- not understand how much force may be used against him. I think Saddam ", 'modest original goals. Helping sway American public opinion toward the view that President Bush is at least seeking a peaceful solution. And helping convince Saddam Hussein that the coalition arrayed against him means business. Peter print ', 'three abstentions China  Yemen  and India the UN Security Listing the demands  President Bush  has already made as those The resolution says  Iraq  must rescind its annexation of  Kuwait  return all prisoners of war and  Kuwaiti  civilians taken hostage weapons and other munitions  in Kuwait .  Iraq  is not promised a permanent clearing from the beaches of  Kuwait City . Uncovering more evidence built a giant model of the  Kuwaiti  coastline out of plan Mike Von fremd ABC news  Iran .', "was overwhelming. By eleven votes with Cuba opposed and three abstentions China Yemen and India the UN Security Council approved another resolution on Iraq Listing the demands President Bush has already made as those of the United Nations demands that must be met before Iraq can hope for permanent peace. The resolution says Iraq must rescind its annexation of Kuwait return all prisoners of war and Kuwaiti civilians taken hostage returns stolen property. -- for all losses damages or injuries caused by the invasion. Help the allies find mines chemical weapons and other munitions in Kuwait . Iraq is not promised a permanent cease fire in exchange. In fact the resolution says that passed authorization by the UN for the use of force against Iraq remains in effect for now. The resolution says to Iraq let us know when you think you have complied with all our demands. It is a UN resolution designed by the winners. We look forward to the day when Iraq and once again assume full membership in the family of nations. This resolution. Shows Iraq the way to Begin to do so. However the resolution also says something the Soviets insisted be inserted. That the allies will bring their military presence in Iraq to an end as soon as possible. UN officials say the next step is for committees of nations here to be assigned the job of monitoring Iraqi compliance with the demands. Only when all of them have been met -- the Security Council consider. Withdrawing its authorization. For the use of force against Iraq David ensor ABC news at the United Nations. French paratroopers. Today began the painstaking and risky business of clearing -- from the beaches of Kuwait City Uncovering more evidence that the Iraqi military was completely fooled into thinking that the allies would launch an amphibious assault. Anti personnel mines were planted every few feet. Trenches ran for miles and at the water's edge on the wire was strong with -- more mines designed to blow up landing craft. The Iraqis even built a giant model of the Kuwaiti coastline out of -- -- plan a defense against an attack that never -- In the aftermath of war there were reports ", "the third in line. To the throne it's gonna be a bit of  Kuwait 's. Before this little one is gonna find out the weight amazing though and I have to say it was a it's an amazing  Iraq  to sell a lot of people were hoping for a girl having secretly ", "third in line. To the throne it's gonna be a bit of Kuwait's . Before this little one is gonna find out the weight of the crown but certainly. Those. It in line ahead of him. ", 'this study in 1990 when  President Bush  drew a line in the sand Jennings good evening the  Middle East  will never be the same against Saudi Arabia the  Iraq  would also be fighting than the liberation of  Kuwait  from Iraqi control. A there to Saudi Arabia not  Kuwait . military objective is the rightful regime of  Kuwait  back in place. That latter Iraq  and thousands still  in Kuwait . That nor was there an fails to get  Iraq  out of  Kuwait  as Mr. Bush put it. Thailand through this crisis with the  oil  embargo in the seventies ', "in New York. Today we traveled to this study in 1990 when President Bush drew a line in the sand in the Middle East . Here's Peter Jennings. From ABC this. News world news tonight with Peter Jennings good evening the Middle East will never be the same again. For the first time since the US committed itself to the security of Saudi Arabia in the 1940s. An American president has drawn a line in the -- the president use those words today when he told the Iraqi president Saddam Hussein. That if he made any move against Saudi Arabia the Iraq would also be fighting the United States. We Begin tonight at the White House here's ABC's -- In an Oval Office address to the nation this morning Mr. Bush made clear he seeks nothing less than the liberation of Kuwait from Iraqi control. A puppet regime imposed from the outside is unacceptable. -- acquisition of territory by force is unacceptable. No one. Friend or foe should doubt our desire for peace. And no one should underestimate our determination to confront aggression. But in a news conference a few hours later the president was equally clear. That the US forces in Saudi Arabia are there to -- Saudi Arabia not Kuwait . -- military objective is to see Saudi Arabia defended that's the military objective. Our overall objective is to see static as his city is Saddam Hussein and get out. And go back and to have the rightful regime of Kuwait back in place. That latter objective what he said be left to the all out economic embargo imposed on Iraq by the UN. He was confident it would be enough. There are some indications. That he's already beginning to feel the pinch and nobody can stand up forever. To -- total total economic deprivation. But Mr. Bush seem not to know much about the status of dozens of Americans in Iraq and thousands still in Kuwait . That nor was there an apparent strategy for dealing with their possible use as hostages by Saddam Hussein. And want to see them out of their obviously affect what he does that's. A bit unpredictable. A hostage taking is but one of the risks the president faces another is a protracted American military mission possibly even -- war in the Saudi desert. Short of that there is still the hard question of what to do next with the embargo eventually breaks down or simply fails to get Iraq out of Kuwait as Mr. Bush put it. Thailand has been drawn in the sand the United States. Has taken a firm position. Indeed it has in the shape of the post Cold War world is likely depend on its outcome. Not to mention the fortunes of the bush presidency Peter. Rick President Bush is a very political man who monitors public opinion very carefully. Does anyone at the White House think he's put himself in serious political danger. Well certainly not at this point Peter the reaction from Capitol Hill which is a good barometer of immediate public opinion -- been very favorable across -- spectrum. And Peter the president is helped by one thing it this is a far flung military enterprise. In a corner of the world unfamiliar to most Americans but what it means is not unfamiliar to many Americans. We all went through this crisis with the oil embargo in the seventies and the late seventies again. People understand what Saudi Arabia and what the oil states are all about and they know what. At stake in the -- thanks very much today the Pentagon was busy putting ", "every critical issue to the  Middle East  was negotiable. And he did to the Iraqi occupation of  Kuwait . The man who conquered  Kuwait  and was said in the past important. Parties to talk  Iraq  and Saudi Arabia. But there's unilaterally withdraw. From  Kuwait . Other social. They shuttle that your present position  in Kuwait . Is negotiable. And then see fit that they out of  Kuwait . Is that mattered again ", "United States is imposing preconditions does that mean that your present position in Kuwait . Is negotiable. And then and then -- -- We'll look what I say something I mean. The month -- -- you've got ", "Pussycat Dolls the girls are alive  in Kuwait  today where they're performing get involved in operation my come  to Kuwait . Well in prison Tom invited us opportunity. And we're hearing now live  in Kuwait  to that's so I love. And I support ", "-- you don't decide to get involved in operation my -- come to Kuwait . Well in prison Tom invited us to come out we definitely jumped on the opportunity we've always wanted to come in so I love and support for the troops have been on the -- -- the past three years. This was the perfect opportunity. And we're hearing now live in Kuwait to -- -- -- -- that's so I love. And I support my appreciation. To the men and women who serve our ", 'his two days of talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders  President Bush  last night spoken he about his vision for peace. The establishment The president continues his regional to today first stop  Kuwait Iran  will be on top of the agenda there. He is expected back ', "of Jesus. The president continues his regional -- to today first stop Kuwait Iran will be on top of the agenda there. He is expected back here probably in May to help celebrate the Jewish State's "]