['opens with the Chinese epic film "The Grandmaster" by  Wong Kar - wai . Ms. Cheng is proud of how she bought a bottle of Bordeaux The Grandmaster" as the opening film. The director,  Wong Kar - wai , is the jury president at this year\'s Berlinale ', 'internationally celebrated director  Wong Kar Wai \'s latest film, "My Blueberry small task to headline a film by  Wong Kar Wai , whose past indie hits include Blueberry Nights" marks a first for  Wong Kar Wai  too. It is his first English-language ', "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has ", "Hong Kong, adding that it will be filmed in several different languages Cheung and Leung previously co-starred in  Wong Kar - Wai 's romantic drama In the Mood for Love. Li, who turned down the role in Dragon that went to Chow Yun-Fat, has "]