["PaulCrotts: Gut wrenchin. Tears your heart out. Just it's, it's just incomparable. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.", "Anger at the people he says stole his son's youth. Anger at himself for helping them", 'PaulCrotts: I slapped myself in the face with my fist. I was so bitter at myself for what I had done. ', 'And so, his relentless quest: What really happened in this lonely farmhouse nearly twenty years ago.... ', "DavidRoss: I've never been around anybody like it. I mean he's really. He's obsessed with it.", 'Perhaps because of the secret Paul Crotts has harbored himself all these years- has kept even from his son. Especially from his son.', "Tucked into the corner of this town square in Graham, N.C., is a mom and pop furniture store. It's been here for sixty years - something to depend on in an uncertain world of shuttered textile plants and dilapidated farms. A place to buy a discount couch and chat about the good old days. ", "PaulCrotts: They'll say, Paul, I remember this little baby that used to be in the bassinet in this part of the store. And they say, who was that baby? It was me.", 'About everybody in town knows Paul Crotts and not just from watching him grow up in the store his daddy founded.', 'Paul was a high school football hero. Volunteer fireman. Champion bodybuilder. Paul tried to make his father proud. Which is why the experience with his own son was so hard for him to bear.', "Paul's marriage collapsed in the late 1970s. His 10-year-old son, Mark took it hard.", "Linda: It was a very difficult time. Cried a lot. Couldn't understand why Daddy wasn't coming home.", 'Linda: He was too rough with him when he disciplined him. It scared Mark. Mark, I think, was really afraid of his father.', "But he couldn't stop partying. At her wit's end, Mark's mother threw him out of the house/ ", "That's when Paul stepped back into his son's life. Became his partner in that little business...told his son to shape up...thought it was working, until he started getting those phone calls.", 'Paul Crotts: You need to be aware that Mark is a laughing joke out here, and people are saying that you can go steal anything from him.', 'To Paul, it looked like Mark was spending the profits, raising Cain at the barn with his drinking buddies. People like his high school sweetheart, Kristen Vincent.', 'Kristen Vincent: Music really really loud. Really hard heavy metal. And there was alcohol everywhere. I remember several mentions from different people that they had taken acid.', "It was behavior Mark's dad just didn't understand. He started dropping by after hours, checking on the inventory with a flashlight in the dark. Then in May 1989, just three months after he had helped his son start over, Paul says he found something unforgivable. ", "He called the sheriff's department and turned in his son. Tough love, he thought.", 'Mark pleaded guilty to misdemeanor marijuana possession and was put on probation. He never knew it was his father who had turned him in. ', "And Paul wasn't done - he shut down the taxidermy business and brought his 21-year old son back to town, where he could keep an eye on him, at the furniture store. He didn't like what he saw.", 'Paul Crotts: I found a bag of marijuana under the seat of his truck. I confronted him. We went out back of the store, and we got in a fistfight.', 'Paul says he beat Mark more than once - his son pleading with him to stop. And Mark, whenever he could, sneaked away with his friends to the old taxidermy shop.', 'Keith Morrison: What was this thing that worried you the most about Mark in those days?', 'Paul would be faced with the ultimate choice - to cast out the son he no longer recognized, the son he could not change, or stand behind him when so few others would.', 'PaulCrotts: I always said if you play with fire long enough you gonna get burnt. And Mark was playing with the red hot coals.', "79-year old Bill Gilliam, a retired tobacco farmer and his wife Alma - they were churchgoers, no harm to anyone. Now here they were dead in their den. Bill Gilliam was sitting in his recliner, leg up. Alma was at his feet. She'd been stabbed in the back.", "PaulCrotts: Phone calls from out in that area. Told me that they were questionin' Mark.", 'Court records showed Bill Gilliam had tried to evict Mark seven months before. And one friend told police he had seen Mark yelling threats from the road. Mark had also been spotted near the crime scene by the owner of a local convenience store.', "TimSmith: She tells me she had seen Mark in the store the night of the murders with a knife saying he's going to find something to use the knife on. ", "The night after the Gilliams' bodies were found, two detectives staked out Mark at a carwash. They searched his truck and asked a lot of questions. Paul didn't know what to think. ", "Kristen Vincent: He just said I will meet you at the sheriff's department, and we will get him taken care of. ", 'PaulCrotts: They were throwing the fish line to me to see if I was gonna take the hook.', "If his son was capable of the boozing and the drugs, what else might he do? But Mark told his Dad again and again - he didn't know anything. And the weeks passed. Paul was now worried about something else: his son's mental health.", "PaulCrotts: You'd see Mark talking to hisself. He was just not acting like the normal.", "But they didn't forget. And now it was too late. Paul watched in horror as investigators closed in yet again.", 'CharlesJacobs: They found a knife with a broken tip rusted and filthy dirty in a garbage heap out in the back of a former home where mark had lived. ', 'Even though lab reports showed there was no "blood" on the knife, Paul says detectives told him this was the murder weapon. The missing piece of the puzzle.', 'On Aug. 5, 1991, Mark Crotts was arrested for the capital murders of Bill and Alma Gilliam.', "And Paul couldn't shake the feeling that his secret phone call, turning in his son for marijuana possession, could cost his son his life. His mind raced. Reeling.", "PaulCrotts: If that courthouse ever caught on fire, as long as there wasn't anybody in there, I would go over and blow to help burn it to the ground.", "The Alamance County courthouse towers over Paul Crotts' furniture store. For seven weeks in September 1992, that's where his son was on trial for capital murder. ", "It was a weak case according to Mark's defense attorneys - there was no physical evidence connecting him to the crime. ", "But the defense attorney's bravado vanished with the appearance of the prosecution's star witness - a jailhouse snitch called Billy Joe Wilson - who had a gruesome story to tell.", 'Mark talked to him in prison, said Wilson, confessed, told him how - like a hunter - he stalked the Gilliams as they prepared for bed, how he killed them with his buck knife, how much he enjoyed it.', "It took jurors just a few hours to convict Mark of two counts of first degree murder. His Mom couldn't believe it.", 'Mark was bundled into the back of a squad car for the ride away from the courthouse. His Mom and Dad watched from the parking lot - together for the first time in years', "The furniture store would be at the heart of Paul's campaign to clear Mark's name.", 'KeithMorrison: In a way, this is kind of headquarters. You took calls here, tips here.', "Smith was the first patrol officer to arrive at Gilliam's house after the murder. He told Paul the crime scene was compromised before police even got there. He claimed at least 15 people had tracked through.", "What's worse, when the detectives asked the sheriff to call in the state's mobile crime lab to help them salvage what forensic evidence might be left. He refused. ", 'Instead of a mobile crime lab, the crime scene technician went to work with a toolbox snatched from his car. He scraped blood off the floor with a knife. ', "And on top of all that was the politics. Unsolved homicides had tripled in the previous year; the sheriff was feeling the heat. He told investigators their jobs were on the line if they didn't make an arrest soon.", "Tim Smith: It wasn't a request. It was a demand, and they took their strongest lead and they ran with it. ", 'Their strongest lead was the unruly tenant who lived across the street from the Gilliams: Mark Crotts.', 'But were there other leads detectives had overlooked? Paul hired a crack team of investigators, including 20-year veteran David Ross, to find out.', "They kept hearing the same name again and again. Keith Saul - high school dropout and rumored drug dealer. He hung out at Mark's party barn but he seemed a little wilder than the other guys.", "Paul's investigators quickly established that Keith's alibi the night of the murder was paper thin. He had asked his cousin to lie for him.", "KeithMorrison: You were able to prove that he didn't have an alibi and he was trying to manufacture one?", "As his investigators worked, Paul brooded. And in the small town it was hard for him to keep his cool. The detectives complained that Paul was harassing them. And Paul, embarrassed now, didn't deny it.", "Paul Crotts: I told him I'd take that nozzle and put it where he could flush all the bullcr*p out of him. I said, who have you put in jail this week that's innocent? And I meant what I said. ", 'As life went on in Graham, N.C., town hero Paul Crotts was turning into something of a town crank.', 'And then in August 1994, there was an unexpected break in the case. Mark was granted a new trial on the grounds that his defense attorney had not been up to the job. After three years in prison, Mark was released into the custody of his father. ', "Paul Crotts: He was gone. I thought, somebody's got him and they're gonna kill him.", "Paul Crotts: I kept telling him, you can't go to the end of the driveway, you can't step off the driveway.", "Mark had been released to his father's custody while he waited to be tried for a second time on double homicide charges. He was confined by court order to his Dad's house and horse farm.", 'Then he heard the groaning. It was Mark, lying in a ditch, steak knife in hand. He had stabbed himself five times in the chest.', 'Paul Crotts: He said, "Daddy, just let me die. Let me die. I can\'t go back to prison, why are they doing this to me?"', "Billy Joe Wilson: You in here for killing them old people? He said f yeh, I'm in here for killing them people.", 'Wilson testified that Mark confessed everything while they smoked marijuana together in his cell. ', 'ProsecutorRob Johnson: Did he describe to you the sensations that he was experiencing, that he experienced?', "But there was something else, the state argued. A very particular signature the knife had left at the scene. Knife in hand, the prosecutor lunged dramatically again and again, showing the jury how the knife had made scratches in one of Bill Gilliam's overall buttons. In those grooves, the prosecutor argued was a trace of metal from the knife itself.", "And that was the prosecution's case. Convincing? Or cannon fodder before the calm but withering assault of that lion of the defense. ", 'F. Lee Bailey: That knife is not only incapable of having committed these murders but is not related in any way.', "F. Lee Bailey: Now do you know of any cases you've had where a 5.5 inch knife made an 8 inch penetration?", 'No, Bailey said the knife was a red herring. A distraction. He said there were far more obvious clues investigators had overlooked. ', "Three blood spots had been found at the crime scene but, according to this lab technician, investigators did not send them to her for analysis until after the first trial had started, a year after Mark's arrest. And no-one had bothered to collect Mark's blood for a comparison.", "But now DNA testing done more than four years after the murders showed that blood scraped off the floor of the Gilliam's den did not match Mark Crotts. ", "F. Lee Bailey: Mr. Crotts wasn't at the crime scene, but the killer was, and he did leave evidence which was belatedly sent to investigators.", 'As for the story spun by jailhouse snitch, Billy Joe Wilson, Bailey set out to prove it was nothing more than a fantasy, a tale spun by a professional conman.', 'F. Lee Bailey: How many different people have you conned out of 1000s of dollars, Mr. Wilson?', '... perfectly capable of conning a jury. Or law enforcement. Bailey itemized the benefits Wilson received for his fantastic story about Mark Crotts. A letter recommending criminal charges be dropped in a nearby county. And early parole. ', 'F. Lee Bailey: Were you not paroled the very first time you could legally be paroled?', 'Brooding every minute on the part he had played - that secret, fateful phone call turning in his son for marijuana possession.', "Two days in to jury deliberations, the courtroom was abuzz. Sheriff's deputies lined the walls. Extra security - just in case. There had been rumors of a death threat against Mark if he was acquitted. ", 'The second trial of Mark Crotts for the murder of that sweet old couple, the Gilliams, transfixed this little southern town.', 'And as the jury withdrew to consider a decision, the town was rumbling with rumors about impending vigilante justice...', 'And so the tension had reached fever pitch by the time the jury announced it had something to say.', 'Mark Crotts: I love him to death and I think a whole lot more of him than I ever thought of him in my whole life.', "As 1996 became 97, the Gilliams had been in their graves nearly seven years. And Mark was on trial again for the third time for their murders. Mark's new attorneys were confident they could prove their client had been railroaded.", "They had some new evidence - these lab results. Investigators had recovered DNA from under Alma Gilliam's fingernails - maybe she had scratched her attacker before she was killed - but prosecutors didn't get it tested until 1996, more than five years after the crime. Whose DNA was it? ", 'This time the conclusion, for the jury, was clear. After six long years Paul Crotts heard the words he\'d been praying for: "not guilty." His son was a free man .', "PaulCrotts: Best moment of my life, I still feel it - I still feel it right now. He turned around and looked at me and his eyes were as big as 50-cent pieces and he came towards me and grabbed me and we embraced. And he said Daddy, I'm free. I said yeah, we're free, son. We're free. ", "Especially he says after he'd spent so many years paying for the actions of someone else that bloody night", "In fact court records show Bill Gilliam's eviction proceeding against Mark had been dismissed - he didn't owe any rent.", "KeithMorrison: Is it possible that you really just got so tanked up one night that you committed or helped commit these murders and forgot all about it, and didn't realize what you were doing?", "But moving on hasn't been easy. Mark says finding work can be tough and he's struggled with his relationships. Friends. A marriage gone bad. But Mark's devoted to his sweet little Austin...and the horse farm he runs for his dad", "Mark Crotts: I'm getting older now and I know I'm not ashamed of anything in my past. I'd just like to forget some of it.", 'Ah, to forget. But forgetting was not something Paul seemed able to do. Not what the police did, nor the prosecutors, nor the system. And most of all, not what he had done.', "KeithMorrison: The law says he was not guilty. That's all you had to do. But on you went. Why? On you go now. Why?", "PaulCrotts: The fact is even though we've unhandcuffed Mark, I'm gonna clear his name once and for all.", 'But it is not just love of son that drives Paul Crotts. A terrible guilt is gnawing at him too.', 'On a cold fall evening, while we sat in his kitchen, Paul made his confession. It was he, he told Mark, who found the marijuana, tipped off the cops, told them his son was capable of killing - made Mark a suspect. ', "MarkCrotts: I love you too, Dad. I sure do appreciate everything. Don't feel bad about that.", 'KeithMorrison: You watched him over the years, being obsessed with this case. Would you like him to lighten up a little bit--? Leave some it--', 'SheriffTerryJohnson: There have been thousands, and I say thousands, of man hours put into this case.', "Terry Johnson was elected sheriff of Alamance County in 2002 after pledging to clear the county's backlog of cold cases. The Gilliam case troubles him.", "SheriffTerryJohnson: I will tell you right upfront and it's embarrassing to have to say this on camera. I feel like law enforcement failed.", "A bungled crime scene. An unreliable jailhouse snitch. Hardly enough evidence to indict Mark Crotts back in 1992, the sheriff says. Instead, another name jumped out at him from the case file. A name Paul's investigators had mentioned all those years ago. Keith Saul. The wild high school dropout whose alibi didn't check out.", "He'd been seen near the Gilliam house that night and, the sheriff revealed, had told more than one person he'd committed the murders.", 'SheriffTerryJohnson: Some of these people came forward to law enforcement, but I could not find anything that followed up and pursued any possible leads on Mr. Saul.', 'In fact, quite the opposite. The sheriff says one witness told him he was turned away by investigators.', 'And there was more - tucked into the case file was a polygraph test Saul took for police back in 1995. He failed it. -something the defense was never allowed to see', "The prosecutor says a case was never brought against Keith Saul because the evidence just wasn't there. Anything implicating him in the killing was based on rumor and innuendo. ", "SheriffTerryJohnson: I do know that there was evidence Keith Sauls was supposedly an informant for the sheriff's office. ", "Being an informant was something Keith Saul wasn't shy to admit when he spoke to Paul's investigators.", 'KeithSaul: I have still been working for them to this day. What I do is buy drugs for them. I am like an informant.', 'They listened in as Saul asked Mark, "Did you kill the Gilliams?". "Hell, no," said Mark. ', "The sheriff insists he doesn't have enough evidence to charge Keith Saul. And he never will. Because? Keith Saul is dead, killed in a traffic accident in 2008. And thus, one might quite properly assume, the end of the trail.", 'SheriffTerryJohnson: Had one person gone in there they could not have controlled both those people. I feel like Mr. and Mrs. Gilliam were attacked simultaneously.', 'And, it seems, nothing to hide from Dateline. Mark gave us access to the results of that polygraph even though he knew he had failed it. The sheriff thinks the results prove Mark has something to hide about the murders.', "SheriffTerryJohnson: He may have knowledge of it that he never told anybody. He could've been there, not actually participating or you know he could've participated. Only Mark Crotts can answer that.", "Of course, polygraphs don't become evidence in court for a good reason: they're not considered to be very reliable. False negatives. False positives. Just plain false sometimes. But still.", "MarkCrotts: Well, I don't, I was found not guilty in the court system. I think that should be enough to clear that up with 'em.", "Mark Crotts can't be tried again for the murders but he is all too familiar with the unforgiving court of public opinion. So is his dad.", "It's a battle that has cost him so much - money, friends and more than a little peace - and it's a battle beginning all over again.", "PaulCrotts: It's made me tougher. It's not a minute goes by and I'm talking about a minute of a day, hour of a day, a week, a month, that I don't think about this."]