["An artist's rendering of the suspect in three incidents at a shopping mall in Boca Raton, Fla.", "For some people, it's an air-conditioned Main Street where they can let their brain slip out of gear for awhile.", 'Jane Doe: A lot of mothers go there with their kids to walk around, get them out of the house.', 'A -- call her Jane, as in Jane Doe -- is speaking in disguise because of the terrible things that happened to her one day after she and her young son had a nothing-special wander through the big mall near Boca Raton, north of Miami.', 'While she was shopping -- spraying on a sample of perfume, buying a fashion baseball cap -- someone was out in the parking lot. Waiting. Watching. On the hunt for vulnerable women. ', "He must have locked on Jane as she and her son exited the mall at Nordstrom about one o'clock that day. She was doing the usual mother's juggling act as she popped the hatch of her black SUV.", 'It was a guy in a floppy hat and wrap-around shades, sitting in her SUV, right next to her 2-year-old.', 'Jane Doe: I was in shock at that moment. And I just stood there and the guy said, "Get in the car," and I was frozen. And when he said, "Get in the car" for the second time that\'s when I noticed the gun.', 'The man in the hat ordered her to drive away from the mall and find a drive-through ATM machine.', 'Jane Doe: He tells me to withdraw $200. So I withdraw $200 and I gave it to him. And then I withdrew another $200, and another $200. And then when I go for the $800 it denies me, because I reached my maximum. ', "But he doesn't. He tells her to pull into the slow moving sludge of midday traffic. Her son, sitting next to the gunman, is lulled asleep by the moving vehicle.", "Jane was at the wheel, glancing at the car to her left. The other driver can't see inside the dark smoked glass windows of her big SUV. Never sees her stark terror.", 'Jane Doe: I thought of crashing, like, my truck. But then I thought, you know, if I did that then he might get mad and hurt my son.', 'The gunman orders Jane to pull into the rear parking lot of a Hilton hotel. He tells her to get out.', '"More trouble"? What\'s this guy talking about? It\'s all a surreal jumble. One minute you\'re buying a baseball cap and the next moment you and your young child are looking at eternity.', 'The gunman wanted her to swap seats with him. Him driving. Her in the back seat with the kid.', "Jane Doe: I started losing it. And I started choking, choking myself because the zip tie was so tight, you know, I was choking myself and I couldn't breathe and gagging and crying and I was just hysterical. ", "Whatever she's doing seems to work. Her abductor eases up on the zip tie around her neck.", 'He pulls into traffic and then abruptly stops again. He has a plastic bag with him. He reaches in and pulls out a knife.', "But now Jane thinks whoever this guy is he doesn't seem to know the local roads. He's managed to get himself on the toll road, the Florida Turnpike, and he's steamed at his error. ", "Jane Doe: He makes a u-turn, and I guess my son's bottle fell and he started crying. And I saw that it went, like, under the driver's seat. So he grabbed it and gave him his bottle and he stopped crying. ", "After two hours of this -- him driving the big SUV erratically, Jane in back, bound by the ankles and hands, blackout sunglasses over her eyes -- he stops the vehicle and, lo and behold, they're back at the Town Center Mall where it all started.", "Jane Doe: He tells me that he's going to put the zip tie back on my neck. And he's going to let me call somebody and tell them that my truck is broken down and that they need to come get me.", 'Dennis Murphy: Did you get the feeling he was trying to come across as a nice guy to you in some weird way?', 'Jane Doe: Like, he changed to kind of a nicer guy in a way. It sounds kind of weird, but a different person almost.', 'But Mr. Nice and accommodating was still in control. He had a final order for his victim.', 'In the back seat, still bound, strapped to the rear seat headrest, and now the world gone totally dark.', 'Jane Doe: He said to me, "If I see anything on the news with my face or my picture, my description, I will come after you."', 'The mall gunman had slipped away, but Jane Doe was still bound inside her idling SUV. Blacked-out swim goggles prevented her from seeing.', "Dennis Murphy, Dateline NBC: How are you restrained now? You've been tied here at the neck?", 'The father of her boy had been alerted and was on his way to the mall, but she had no intention of waiting to be found out in the many football fields of mall parking.', 'Jane Doe: Well, I had my hands behind me, and I pulled them under my butt and roll my feet like this.', "Jane Doe: I pulled the goggles up, and there was a button right here, and I pushed the headrest up. Like, I didn't know where he was. I was scared. Like he would see me and then at that point I just had to go.", 'Jane Doe: I pulled up to the valet and I said, "Can you please call the police? I was just kidnapped." And he looked at me and said "Are you kidding?" And I was like, "No." And I showed him all my restraints. And he called the police. ', 'She got the distinct impression that the arriving city of Boca Raton police officers did not believe her story. Not the gunman, not the terrifying ride around, none of it. ', "Jane Doe: I don't know, it just didn't seem like that they believed what I was telling them.", "The cops checked out the cheap handcuffs still on her wrists, the zip ties in the back seat, and simply did not believe that anyone could get themselves out of that kind of bondage unless it was all a set-up of some kind. She'd have to be Houdini.", "Dennis Murphy: Police didn't believe you could get out of that bind you were in, did they?", "And when she recounted her terrifying odyssey--the business about the Florida turnpike, they doubted her story even more. The SunPass electronic device on her windshield hadn't recorded her entering the toll road. ", "Boca Raton Police Captain Matthew Duggan says now the town's officers weren't blowing off the woman's story. ", "Matthew Duggan: I wouldn't classify it as doubting a victim. I would clarify it as substantiating what they said, because ultimately, when we catch this guy, it will be evidence against him.", "Jane Doe: If they needed me to, for whatever reason, I was going to do it. I wasn't hiding anything.", 'Dennis Murphy: If there was a request for a lie detector test from the woman abducted, did that say something about initial hesitation in believing her?', 'Matthew Duggan: We have to be objective in what we look at. And, you know, if a lie detector was used it would be another tool that would just substantiate stories.', 'The Boca police did send out crime scene techs that evening to process the car and gather prints and DNA.', 'But still, the authorities\' initial skepticism about Jane Doe and whether she was trying to pull some kind of crazy number on them, meant that as a news story it never got much play. The account of a woman abducted from the Town Center Mall came with an asterisk attached. It was termed an "alleged abduction." The tens of thousands of shoppers who use this mall every day never heard boo about it.', 'It was as though Jane Doe had never encountered the gunman in the fishing hat and wraparound sunglasses.', 'Matthew Duggan: We actually pulled video records from the toll plazas, and we could actually see her car going through the toll plaza.', "Apparently, her SunPass device had simply malfunctioned when it indicated she hadn't entered the turnpike.", 'Months went by and Jane never heard from the police again. She was just another urban crime victim with a hair raising story to tell her friends and family.', "Jane Doe: I just thought that they weren't going to catch him. And I didn't think anything was going to come out of it, unfortunately.", "And then one day in November, three months after her abduction, she got a call from a sheriff's detective in the same county.", "The face of the carjacker. The guy who'd put a gun to her child and left her shackled in the back seat after forcing her to withdraw $600 from an ATM machine.", "At first the local police didn't entirely believe her story of abduction and terror when it happened in early August.", "But now, in November, the Palm Beach County sheriff's office -- another investigative agency -- asked her for help in an ongoing investigation.", 'Jane Doe: They wanted to talk to me about the murder of Randi Gorenberg in March.', 'Like Jane Doe, Randi Gorenberg had been at the same Boca Raton, Fla., mall before she was shot to death during an apparent abduction. ', "Idey Elias, victim's mother: She was very down-to-earth, very basic, loving daughter. Wonderful mother. That was Randi.", 'On March 23, 2007, Randi Gorenberg stopped off at the Town Center Mall a little before noon. ', 'That was her that day, in Puma sneakers and carrying an expensive purse. An exterior mall security camera captured her pausing for a moment to check voice mail on her cell phone. ', 'It was 1:15 p.m. when she headed for her black Mercedes SUV with smoked-out windows. What happened once she reached the parking lot, we do not know because the mall owners had not placed security cameras there.', "The caller was saying he'd seen someone tumble from the passenger side of a black Mercedes SUV near a county park five miles north of the mall.", "Male voice: No, she's dead. She -- she's dead. She got two shots in her head, my gosh.", "Arriving deputies found that the victim wasn't wearing shoes, and yet her expensive jewelry, a Cartier watch, diamond ring and necklace were untouched. There was no ID on the person. The SUV was gone.", 'It would later be videotaped by a security camera at a nearby home depot. The abandoned Mercedes was found behind the store. The vehicle was registered to a Randi Gorenberg. The murdered woman now had a name. ', 'Capt. Jack Strenges, Palm Beach County homicide: When we looked in the vehicle, we found that her belongings were gone.', "The sheriff's detectives rolled to Randi Gorenberg's $2 million home, and there in front of the house they saw a young man who struck them as acting strangely. ", "The murder investigation was only hours old, but the detectives were displeased that the victim's son gave them an alibi that didn't check out and had handed over, as requested, the clothes he said he'd been wearing that day. Only it turned out later they were the wrong clothes.", "Capt. Strenges: Correct. Particularly when we're trying to narrow down the exact timeline. The timeline is critical to this type of investigation.", 'Strenges: It was just not the typical response that you would see from family members when their spouses or kids have been killed and murdered.', 'Within days of the murder, Dr. Gorenberg hired a lawyer. He and his son stopped talking directly to police.', 'The cops were focusing their initial investigation on the usual suspects in this kind of out-of-the-blue, no-known-enemies, kind of killing: Family members.', "And the husband wasn't making himself any less suspicious in the cops' eyes by the way he was acting.", "Randi's mother and daughter, Sarie, called a news conference to ask for the public's help. ", 'Even though they were in the same building that day, neither Dr. Gorenberg nor his son Daniel participated in the appeal.', 'Guy Fronstin: Every communication I had with him for the first couple months, he was devastated. ', "Guy Fronstin: I understand the sheriffs are doing their job. They were trying to run down a murderer. And that's what we all want. They just were looking at the wrong people. ", "Detectives examined the chiropractor's finances and home life under a microscope. They looked at the son's emotional history.", 'Dennis Murphy: So into the spring and even in summer, the murder of Randi Gorenberg is a mystery?', "The Boca Raton police had given area agencies a heads-up about the gunman's M.O. and asked detectives to go back through their old files for a possible match.", "Maybe the Randi Gorenberg killing had its roots at the mall, in an abduction like Jane Doe's.", 'The similarities were obvious: the Town Center Mall, two stylish women, both with big black SUVs?', "Capt. Jack Strenges: Personally I don't believe in coincidence. I think there's some significant connections there with the SUVs, the location and stuff like that.", "So it wasn't until November -- eight months after the Randi Gorenberg killing -- that police finally sat down with Jane Doe to hear her story from the top. She was looking like the lucky one who got away and her account could be investigative gold.", 'Jane worked with a police sketch artist and produced this sketch of her abductor: the floppy hat, the wraparound shades, the bland regular features.', "Jane felt, though, that the composite hadn't really captured the guy who'd kidnapped her and her son.", "Jack Strenges: I think she was very brave. She was a very good witness to what occurred. She's been able to provide us with significant information. ", 'Two victims. But if it was the same perpetrator in both, why was one victim released and the other cruelly shot to death?', 'And there are other differences, too. Jane Doe had been bound with handcuffs and plastic ties, blinded with blackout goggles.', 'And with Jane Doe, the goal was apparently to steal her money from an ATM. But in the Randi Gorenberg case, that would have been impossible.', 'Dennis Murphy: So, hypothetically, if her abductor is intent on taking her to an ATM machine to withdraw some cash and she\'s saying, "I don\'t have an ATM card," he\'s probably not believing it.', "The cops get psychological and theorize it's because Mr. Control had abducted an uncontrollable victim.", 'Capt. Jack Strenges: She resisted, obviously, because she tried to get out of the vehicle just prior to getting shot. ', 'Jane Doe, on the other hand, obeyed all his commands and made a concentrated effort to talk to him. ', "Jane Doe: With my son in the car, there was no chance for me to fight back. So I couldn't risk his life.", "Despite Jane Doe's valuable addition to the Randi Gorenberg case file, weeks went by and they were no closer to finding her killer.", "It was the most wonderful time of the year, December 2007, and the retailers at the Town Center Mall in Boca Raton, Fla., couldn't agree more. ", 'It was a good call on her part, because on Dec. 12, a Town Center security camera took this photo about 1 p.m. of a mother and daughter entering the mall. ', 'Single mom Nancy Bocchiccio and 7-year-old Joey, were shopping for Christmas cards.', "The little girl was regarded by her family as a kind of miracle daughter. Nancy's sister, Joann Bruno, remembered her sister thinking that once she turned 40, children weren't going to happen for her.", "Joann Bruno: The doctor said she wasn't going to be able to have any. So when she was having Joey, she was thrilled because it was really a miracle. ", 'Joann Bruno: Her original due date was Christmas day. And she was our Christmas angel.', 'And what a bundle Joey turned out to be: A center of attention, dancing, karaoke-singing cutie. A budding golfer. ', 'But on that December day, as they walked past the Sony store security camera on the way to the food court, they had only hours left to live.', 'At 3 p.m. Nancy and Joey left the mall through the same exit that Randi Gorenberg had used on the day she was killed. These are last pictures ever taken of them.', "We don't see Nancy and Joey reach their car -- a big black SUV -- because the owners of the mall had still not installed security cameras out there.", "Minutes later, Nancy Bocchicchio's black SUV is spotted at this drive-through ATM -- the same one Jane Doe had been directed to. She withdraws $500. ", 'Hours passed without any word about the mother and daughter, then, just before midnight, a security guard at the mall noticed a black SUV with its engine idling.', 'Capt. Duggan: There was a female and apparently her daughter -- were dead in the back of a dark SUV.', 'The festive Christmas ribbons at the mall were joined by strung yellow crime scene tape as Capt. Matt Duggan took charge.', "Dennis Murphy: You're a veteran investigator. You've seen a lot of rough stuff. How cold, how bad is this mother-daughter?", 'Matthew Duggan: I mean, how does anyone describe a mother and a daughter being shot at basically point blank range?', 'Family members believe without hesitation that Nancy died trying to defend Joey.', 'Joann Bruno: I know my sister and I know to protect Joey, I know she was fighting.', "And evidence of her resistance: the cheap novelty store handcuffs used to restrain Nancy were broken, an indication that she'd struggled to get free.", 'The timeline of the crime was a blank. No one had seen, and no cameras recorded, the SUV returning to the lot but the unknown person at the wheel had almost certainly been there before in almost identical circumstances.', 'Matthew Duggan: Nancy had handcuffs on her hands, her feet were tied with tie wraps. She had goggles over her eyes that were also blacked out, and her head had been affixed to the head rest.', "Dennis Murphy: There's no question in your mind that you're looking for the same guy in those two cases.", 'The cops knew what they had and they were going to have to bring Jane Doe back into the picture ASAP.', "Jane Doe: I got a phone call in the morning telling me that a mother and her child were found murdered at the mall. I don't even know the words to describe it. Like, my heart sank. I just -- I knew it was him. ", 'Dennis Murphy: I imagine it\'s a double feeling of incomprehension, those poor people, and "there but for the grace of God, on that day it could have been me"?', "Jane Doe: Yeah. Maybe he was going to murder me. And some chance, he didn't. I don't know why. And then I had to deal with him murdering, you know, a mother and her child.", 'Looking back, Joanne, the sister, remembered that she and Nancy had even talked about the first incident.', "But as they casually followed the news, it didn't seem to have had any connection to the Boca mall. ", "And few but her friends knew anything about the second incident -- Jane Doe's carjacking ordeal. ", "Some Boca Raton residents became outraged to learn that a kidnapper and killer had savaged women and children, apparently at will, and the cops hadn't found him.", 'This may be one in a string of similar violent crimes committed by a man or group of men preying on a group of shoppers.', 'Dennis Murphy: It must have been chilling for you to read and hear the account of that survivor of the abduction, the details about being restrained, threatened. And you have to wonder, "Are these the last kinds of words that my sister heard?"', 'And, of course, the horror in an echo chamber, was reverberating most of all for the woman who got away, a mother with her own young child.', 'Jane Doe was back in the police interview room. Go over it again. Give us a detail. Who is this guy?', 'After the mother-daughter murders in December, police had no doubt that Jane was telling the truth about her abduction from the same Boca Raton mall in August, 2007.', "The swimming goggles, the handcuffs, the plastic ties around her neck -- everything he'd done to Jane, the killer had also done to Nancy Bocchicchio and her 7-year-old daughter, Joey. ", 'Once skeptical police had given Jane a lie detector test. Now she was their star witness. They re-interviewed her.', "Dennis Murphy: Are they more interested the second time than they were the first? When they're taking down your report?", "This was the composite police sketch she'd come up with. And this is the word picture description that went with it. A man she thought in his late 20s or early 30s. No body hair. Someone who could have been at the bar next to you.", "Jane Doe: He didn't have an accent, but he could have been Hispanic or maybe Pacific Islands, you know.", 'Jane Doe: Yeah, about six feet. Regular build. I saw he had a ponytail -- about this long from the base of the back of his neck and it was curly. ', "Jane had also told investigators that tucked inside a plastic bag from a shoe store called Traffic was a kidnap kit, a well thought-out set of tools he used to control his victims. But still, something wasn't adding up. ", 'Capt. Matthew Duggan: The work that went in to committing this crime -- the planning, the preparation, does not equate to the ultimate reward.', 'And now it was a matter of catch him before he strikes again. A reward of $350,000 was offered.', "The Boca Raton police and the Palm Beach County Sheriff's office formed a task force of nine detectives assigned to the case.", "Behind the unmarked door of the task force office, there's a visual reminder for investigators about what's at stake.", 'Capt. Duggan: We put up a couple of pictures of the victims, with just simple words underneath saying that "This is why we\'re here." ', '...that the man in the floppy hat was not seen anywhere inside the mall following his victims.', "Matthew Duggan: We got at least three clear shots of Nancy and Joey, and we're confident that they weren't actually targeted, or at least stalked, while in the mall.", 'That meant the killer laid in wait for his victims in the parking lot, pouncing only after they left the mall in broad daylight with thousands of people around. ', "Capt. Duggan: During the Christmas season, there's approximately 70,000 people a day going in and out of that mall. ", "Police tried to get inside the killer's head. They reasoned that the mall was a place where he operated comfortably. Did that mean maybe he was a current or former mall employee? Someone who perhaps knew that there were no security cameras in the parking lot? Detectives ran down hundreds of leads.", "Capt. Matthew Duggan: To date, we received over 850 leads, and we've completed over 90 percent of them.", "Matthew Duggan: It could have been a tactic he used to send us on a wild goose chase down to Miami. It could also be on his way home. It could be a place that he frequents but doesn't live. ", "It wasn't the first time the killer had tried to get police to think an African-American might be involved in the crimes. ", 'Remember, before he left Jane, the carjacker told her to lie to police about his description.', "But she hadn't done that. She worked with the police artist at refining the sketch.", "She combed through magazines and went online studying men's pictures looking for facial characteristics that resembled her carjacker.", "In February -- by then six months since her terrifying abduction -- Jane sat down once again with a new forensic artist, John McMahon of the Broward county sheriff's office.", 'Det. John McMahon: When I was doing that composite, I just felt that I was dealing with a very brave and strong person.', 'Unlike the first sketch attempts, where the floppy hat and sunglasses predominated, this time there was more nuance to the character--like the small pony tail. Detective McMahon had a hard time replicating the skin tone Jane had described-- a golden brown--so he used bronzing lotion which worked perfectly. ', 'Soon the sketch was out there in south Florida: on moving billboards, and wanted posters. And some went up at the Town Center Mall, where the killer had targeted his victims beginning almost a year before. ', "And there's one more incident that's come to light since the murders, but it happened way back in August when Jane Doe had been abducted. A few days later, here at another upscale shopping area of Boca Raton -- Mizner Park -- an armed man approached a woman in a parking garage and demanded she take him to an ATM machine.", "If it was the same carjacker who'd pulled off the Jane Doe robbery and who'd murdered the two women and a child, the target of the assault here would get away from the gunman altogether. She wasn't getting in the car with him.", 'Capt. Matthew Duggan: She refuses, and actually threw her purse on the other side of the car in the passenger seat well of the car, gives him $200 cash, and basically says, "Go away."', 'Matthew Duggan: This is why this case is so interesting and so frustrating. Because the actions of the perpetrator on this date totally are inconsistent with his actions on other dates.', 'Dennis Murphy: And then, of course, after the second event there\'s a firestorm of criticism of Boca Raton PD that "if we\'d only known about August -- if they\'d only put up signs -- if they told us --," mother and daughter would never have gone to the mall that day. Is that a fair criticism?', 'The mall killer task force has sent its investigative work onto the FBI behavioral science unit, the so-called profilers for a psychological portrait of what makes this perpetrator tick.', 'We had our own veteran of that same FBI unit set eyes on the case, too. He wanted to talk to Jane Doe, and check out the crime scene. Maybe Clint Van Zandt would see a new piece of the puzzle.', 'Jane Doe: When my son sees the sketch on TV, he says, "bad man." So he knows what happened.', "What kind of man kidnaps women? Terrorizes children? Sometimes kills and sometimes doesn't?", "We asked our colleague, former FBI agent Clint Van Zandt, what he makes of the ongoing investigation. Van Zandt was with the Behavioral Sciences Unit -- the profilers -- when it first started. He's an NBC News analyst.", 'Dennis Murphy: Clint, this is the entrance and exit where the security camera sees two of the victims coming out. ', 'We drove to the upscale Town Center Mall in Boca Raton. On any given day here, there were an estimated 35,000 shoppers for the killer to choose from when selecting his prey.', 'Dennis Murphy: Clint, your idea of a hunting ground, a mall? Put me in the head of a perpetrator? ', "Clint Van Zandt: This is the place to come and find it all. This is a cash predator's shopping ground. ", 'Van Zandt also spent two hours debriefing Jane, the only woman carjacked by the killer who lived to talk about it, trying to understand why the killer let her live when others died.', 'Jane Doe: I just tried to talk to him like he was just a regular person. Maybe try to relate to him in some way.', "Clint Van Zandt: I think that's what really saved you in this situation. Does he seem to have any particular knowledge about police procedures? About mall security? Were there things he was trying to avoid, or that he seemed to have knowledge of?", 'Van Zandt: Intentionally, you thought, he was trying to stay away from the cameras?', 'The elaborate paraphernalia he brought with him, dime-store handcuffs, swimming goggles prepped as blackout masks, suggested that we were in psychopath country in trying to understand him. ', 'Dennis Murphy: It seems to me, after the ATM you go from a scary incident to absolutely horrifying when he gets out his bag of tricks.', 'Clint Van Zandt: There\'s something unique about those cuffs for him. Whether there\'s a ritualistic aspect about it, whether that means something psychologically to him. But a signature aspect, just like Picasso signing a painting, the signature says, "This is unique to me." ', 'Maybe the Gorenberg murder is not related to the Jane Doe or Bocchiccio cases after all?', 'Capt. Jack Strenges: At this point in the investigation, we have not been able to forensically link. Gorenberg case to the other incidents that occurred at the mall.', 'Investigators theorize that maybe some toughs also living in that neighborhood spotted his fancy SUV coming and going and decided to tail him home one day with the idea of a future rip-off in mind.', 'So now two police agencies in two different counties are pursuing two different theories of the crimes. As a result, the Boca Mall Murder Task Force is no more.', 'Boca Raton P.D. has only one full-time detective working a case getting colder and colder.', '"Jane Doe" has sued the owners of the Town Center Mall -- and so have the families of Randi Gorenberg and Nancy Bochicchio. The lawsuits allege that the mall did not have adequate security in place. Mall owners deny those allegations, saying the mall was and is a safe place. They say they have increased security since the attacks -- including installing some surveillance cameras in the parking lots. ']