["with a rep for lightweight fare, was desperate to interview him. Given a promise of a sizable payment, Nixon agrees.  Ron Howard 's take on the 2006 Peter Morgan play creates a palpable tension between the two damaged men as Michael Sheen's Frost ", 'Nixon to British TV talk show host David Frost during their 1977 interviews. Frank Langella\'s performance as Nixon in  Ron Howard \'s "Frost/Nixon" (2008) received universal kudos: Reporters who covered Nixon -- who resigned in disgrace in ', 'who played the title character on "Hannah Montana" before pursuing more mature roles. Actor and acclaimed director  Ron Howard  is the father of actress Bryce Dallas Howard, who has appeared in "The Help," "The Twilight Saga: Eclipse" and ', "stars that stopped by the presenter's gift lounge for a pair of Minimus 1010s: Kerry Washington, Padma Lakshmi, and  Ron Howard . Foster Grant. Not only are these sunglasses cool (they've been a Hollywood staple since the '50s), they're ", 'Film director (A Beautiful Mind) and former child actor  Ron Howard  (The Andy Griffith Show) has a new part-time career: online shutterbug. The two-time Oscar winner posts his iPhone and ', 'Film director (A Beautiful Mind) and former child actor  Ron Howard  (The Andy Griffith Show) has a new part-time career: online shutterbug. The two-time Oscar winner posts his iPhone and ', 'NUMB3RS," "The Good Wife" and the 2012 blockbuster "Prometheus." Hollywood quickly reacted to his death on Twitter.  Ron Howard  : "No more Tony Scott movies. Tragic day." Adam Shankman : "My heart stopped when I heard of the tragic death of ', 'The Fan," with Robert De Niro, and "Enemy of the State," starring Will Smith. In a tweet Sunday, director  Ron Howard  said, "No more Tony Scott movies. Tragic day." Scott was survived by his wife Donna and their twin sons. The Associated ', "Sam Urdank/FOX/AP Photo For fans of Fox's cult hit Arrested Development, producer and narrator  Ron Howard  just tweeted a major tease. The Oscar-winning director posted a picture of his own iPad, displaying the cover page of a long-delayed ", 'fictional town of Mayberry, North Carolina, in check. He starred alongside his friend Don Knotts for five years.  Ron Howard  also starred in series, playing Opie, the only child of Sheriff Taylor. "The Andy Griffith Show" was a hit, and ', 'the fictional town of Mayberry, North Carolina in check. He starred alongside his friend Don Knotts for five years.  Ron Howard  also starred as the only child of Sheriff Taylor, Opie. The series was a hit, and while Knotts won multiple Emmys ', 'kept the fictional town of Mayberry, N.C. in check. He starred alongside his friend Don Knotts for five years.  Ron Howard  also starred as the only child of Taylor, Opie. In 1986, Griffith landed the title role on the legal drama "Matlock ', "Ron Howard  is probably the last person that you think you see I have pop video pretty much OP thank goodness you're watching this. Wooded ", "Ron Howard is probably the last person that you think you see I have pop video pretty much OP thank goodness you're watching this. ", "Ron Howard  you know famous film director and actor He supports Barack Obama he's trying to figure out. How can I get the message out there ", "Ron Howard you know famous film director and actor He supports Barack Obama he's trying to figure out. How can I get the message ", "film. Yelling this way. When that was me It's with equipment at on the one. On. Actually my first real work it was  Ron Howard  directed virtual goods producing. His story in book bring my dad we we shot a big blue screen knowing California. Which ", 'the -- one. On. Actually my first real -- work it was Ron Howard directed virtual goods producing. His story in -- book -- bring my dad we we shot a big blue screen knowing California. ', "series, the raising of his son. Killed that bird, didn't you? Reporter: Opie taylor, played by, guess who?  Ron howard . This was a single-parent relationship, driven by love and respect. Going to give me a whipping? That's one of ", "Killed that bird, didn't you? Reporter: Opie taylor, played by, guess who? Ron howard . This was a single-parent relationship, driven by love and respect. Going to give me a whipping? That's one of the reasons why ", "the difference or better. This new public service announcement from the boys and girls clubs of America directed by  Ron Howard . Proclaims a simple message they all with help from strong caring adults they met at their local clubs. Shaquille O'Neal ", "service announcement from the boys and girls clubs of America directed by Ron Howard . Proclaims a simple message they all -- with help from strong caring adults they met at their local clubs. Shaquille O'Neal and ", "it. Having successes that child actor it's very difficult to maintain that into. An adult career you can you know  Ron Howard . I mean you can council and a here. Right absolutely and Penny Marshall in that same vein so you take don't want ", "to maintain that into. An adult career -- you can you know Ron Howard . I mean you can council and a -- here. Right absolutely and Penny Marshall in that same vein so you take don't "]