['Kristen Stewart , Rupert Sanders  Affair: How Does Controversy Affect Fans, Robert Pattinson?', "half of hollywood's hottest couple.  Kristen stewart  plkly apologizing to her boyfriend, robert pattinson. What does this mean for the movie franchise and the fans. Joining us now ", "half of hollywood's hottest couple. Kristen stewart plkly apologizing to her boyfriend, robert pattinson. What does this mean for the movie franchise and the fans. Joining us now, assistant ", 'down. In "pop news" we begin with land new video that appears to be undeniable chemistry between rupert san ders and  kristen stewart . They were seen together while doing "snow white and the huntsman" and the description she used in her apology has the ', 'video that appears to be undeniable chemistry between rupert san ders and kristen stewart . They were seen together while doing "snow white and the huntsman" and the description she used in her apology has the fans ', "just seen a clip from Snow White and the Huntsman starring  Kristen Stewart  and is here. So how convenient we had a clip of Normandy wasn't something that I really like. Connected to Then  Rupert Sanders  director came and talks in Vancouver and brought this sort ", 'had just seen a clip from Snow White and the Huntsman starring Kristen Stewart and -- is here. So how convenient we had a clip of Normandy and that. Some credit. How do you do that ', "about that and then also will  Kristen Stewart  face Get up the gumption to Very quickly Joseph also  Kristen Stewart  but we hear now won't be up this story sides of the  Rupert Sanders  liberty Ross scored at least ", "a big story we're gonna talk about that and then also will Kristen Stewart face -- -- -- Get up the gumption to walk the red carpet at her new movie premiere we are tackling these ", "information to this site in this Clayton site. Very quickly Joseph also Kristen Stewart but we hear now won't be attending the London premiere of a movie on the road also has dropped out. Of another ", "It's certainly a hollywood shock for  kristen stewart  and her affair with the director of you and vice president howard bragman.  Kristen stewart  issued a public apology. Also  rupert sanders  issued an apology. Was this a full-fledged ", 'It\'s certainly a hollywood shock for kristen stewart and her affair with the director of "snow white and the huntsman" what does it mean for all involved between stewart and robert pattinson? Joining us, kate coyne. Good to see you and vice president howard bragman. Kristen stewart issued a public apology. Also rupert sanders issued an apology. Was this a full-fledged affair? Or just a canoodle? What are we talking about? The vote toers slightly more ', "Robert pattinson and  kristen stewart  giving their first night, since all of the news since their cheated on pattinson, caught on camera, kissing director  rupert sanders . What's the biggest difference of doing this last film ", 'Robert pattinson and kristen stewart giving their first night, since all of the news since their breakup and reunion. But are they back together? Paula faris takes ', "Hollywood's darling  Kristen Stewart  asks. Little did Huntsman director  Rupert Sanders  so wasn't just the movie as well  Kristen Stewart 's mother. Us weekly just heard that.  Kristen Stewart  was general If I ", "camera never lies public displays of affection. Here's -- one. Hollywood's darling Kristen Stewart asks. Little did the act it's you know that's register sound. That goes -- -- -- -- The thunderbolt through this a ", "And we realize that with the snow -- -- the Huntsman director Rupert Sanders so wasn't just a random guy. He really there -- a back story there and also his life liberty rosters in the movie as well -- Kristen Stewart's mother. Us weekly -- the shots. For an undisclosed -- How much is fish grow from that were promised you pay for that I can -- Could not up to find -- and -- -- if it be north of a 100000 dollars easily. Picture like this is worth thousands of dollars because it's worth -- able. -- -- -- -- We loved PDA public display of affection are you know kind of make a story -- -- if I just heard that. Kristen Stewart was -- general -- If I see it. So MG. Exactly it is complete photographic evidence you know you can hear from ", 'couch and look. Let me ask you this who did the -- Kristen Stewart and that -- that was married did the hurting who did the hurting the person that took the photo or the people ', 'public. Battle brewing between  Kristen Stewart  Robert send the We have pictures of the house he shared with  Kristen Stewart . There are new pictures you the affair with her director  Rupert Sanders  momentary discretion the standard ', 'we have the very latest on the very public. Battle brewing between Kristen Stewart Robert -- send the -- -- We have pictures now where he literally is pulling out. In the area is -- EU ', "that he hasn't -- moved out of the house he shared with Kristen Stewart . There are new pictures you saw -- an -- close the U haul. Very in this very you know quiet on the ", "concept in Hollywood but today.  Kristen Stewart  half of the Twilight Saga is She's been cheating on him.  Kristen Stewart  came clean driving a stake to be her father 41 year old  Rupert Sanders  who directed Stewart and Snow ", 'and her -- is not exactly new concept in Hollywood but today. Kristen Stewart half of the Twilight Saga is real life couple shocked millions of her fans. When she issued a public apology for quote ', "plays Bella Swan confirmed today. She's been cheating on him. -- -- Kristen Stewart came clean driving a stake through the heart of every teenage girl who pines for Edward. And more particularly through the heart of the actor who plays Edward -- patents. He really -- for her and he's spoken about how he wrote love songs about her and he you know has said that he wants to marry her. And so I think this is devastating for him. So who's the other guys know it's not Jacob. Turns out again I'm old enough to be her father 41 year old Rupert Sanders who directed Stewart and Snow White and the Huntsman. Paparazzi recently caught that you can noodling in a car ended -- public ", 'Reporter: Rob pattinson and  kristen stewart . When news broke that kristen and the huntsman" director,  rupert sanders , "twili fans felt like someone the story, both robert and  kristen stewart  still look as miserable and ', 'have a bad habit of under estimating you. Reporter: Rob pattinson and kristen stewart . When news broke that kristen was caught cheating with her "snow white and the huntsman" director, rupert sanders , "twili fans felt like someone had put a stake through their hearts. You don\'t go and tarnish this epic love story that ', 'her back, and at the end of the story, both robert and kristen stewart still look as miserable and sullen as they ever did when they were in love. Reporter: But the breakup of all breakups ', "news or maybe I don't feel about it Robert Pattinson and  Kristen Stewart  according to Are back together not according to either of was they broke up in July after bit her affair with. That  Rupert Sanders  the director of snowing in but apparently they met up in ", "maybe -- -- -- I don't feel about it Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart according to -- -- Are back together not according to either of them but sources. -- sources -- say that it's back god that was they broke up in July after -- bit her affair with. That Rupert Sanders the director of snowing in -- -- but apparently they met up in Los Angeles according to these sources. Is yes and ", 'Patents in picking up the pieces of his broken life factor in  Kristen Stewart  cheated on with her Huntsman director group birds. Whatever Alaskan is that  Rupert Sanders  and he goes on video show with Jon last the first time that he spoke ', 'Patents in picking up the pieces of his broken life factor in Kristen Stewart cheated on -- with her Huntsman director group birds. Whatever Alaskan is that Rupert Sanders and he goes on video show with Jon -- last -- the first time that he spoke and and Dutton never mentioned ', "endless from the vessel Sophia Nelson this time wouldn't  Kristen Stewart  had a rough time of lakes and pay Yeah and she's out in in the wake up her end the married director of that movie  Rupert Sanders  41 years old apologizing for that romantic affair after ", "very important. Absolutely endless from the vessel Sophia Nelson this time wouldn't Kristen Stewart had a rough time of lakes and pay -- Yeah and she's out in that movie Snow White and the Huntsman if they do a sequel that made it clear that she will not be in the movie -- not -- in. -- return if in fact -- follow up. Happens that's according to the Hollywood reporter. The move comes in the wake up her end the married director of that movie Rupert Sanders 41 years old apologizing for that romantic affair after some compromising photos of the -- -- Published in July so it's highly ", "aren't we have a clarification yesterday reported. Named  Kristen Stewart  would not be asked back to the sequel for Snow White and they have not ruled out whether or not she will return nor  Rupert Sanders  who she. Got into a million and a plane went a little after ", "a thousand dollar. Why aren't we have a clarification yesterday reported. Named Kristen Stewart would not be asked back to the sequel for Snow White and Heisman if indeed there is a -- -- We'll Universal Pictures responding to that reports say that they are continue -- To pursue a -- well and they have not ruled out whether or not she will return nor Rupert Sanders who she. Got into a million and a plane went a little -- after playing -- we have we -- a lot ", "goodwill. definitely. Well. We've all been talking about  Rupert Sanders  that director of Snow White and the Huntsman who had that big time rush hour here now all of he has this affair with  Kristen Stewart  Annie wants his wife you know his wife liberty Ross who's ", "-- look to goodwill. -- definitely. Well. We've all been talking about Rupert Sanders that director of Snow White and the Huntsman who had that little -- affair with Christians doing. New rule -- girl half his age well he was apparently. Perhaps set to direct the sequel this was his first -- -- you know this was his first movie he was directing. These commercials he wasn't some big time rush hour here now all of -- -- he has this affair with Kristen Stewart Annie wants his wife -- you know his wife -- liberty Ross who's a model by the way you want to keep ", "return nursing a broken heart here we're talking about the Robert Pattinson and  Kristen Stewart  scandal humans aren't you don't with the The director  Rupert Sanders  apparently it's good to have you know wealthy famous friends and he's also ", "nursing a broken heart here we're talking about the Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart scandal humans aren't you don't with the -- The director Rupert Sanders -- apparently it's good to have you know wealthy famous friends and he's also famous and wealthy. So he was hiding out ", "prominent last. Not least for you hearts out there like myself  Kristen Stewart  you know there's a special place for people that liked apparently she likes to do that allegedly she had an affair with  Rupert Sanders  director of now he is out for the first time displaying ", "prominent last. Not least for you -- hearts out there like myself Kristen Stewart you know there's a special place -- -- for people that liked to sleep with from other people's husbands for -- apparently she likes to do that allegedly she had an affair with Rupert Sanders -- director of now he is out for the first time displaying his wedding band unbelievable. But her friends are tweeting that "]