['Winslet wanted to do. "I"m hoping to have more kids," Winslet told InStyle magazine in 2006, when she was married to  Sam Mendes . "I don\'t know whether one or two. Oh, God, I would love to have more."', 'Harper\'s Bazaar U.K. , the 37-year-old Oscar-winning actress opens up about her divorce from her second husband,  Sam Mendes , in 2010. "I\'ve really learnt a great deal about myself, in the last four years in particular," Winslet said ', 'numbers continue to climb, pushing over the $1 billion mark, Sony and MGM announced today. The film was directed by  Sam Mendes  and was the third in the series to star Daniel Craig as Bond. Judi Dench, Javier Bardem and Ralph Fiennes also star ', 'Winslet, 37, was previously married to Jim Threapleton from 1998-2001. She then married "American Beauty"  director Sam Mendes  in 2003. Winslet has a daughter with Threapleton and a son with Mendes. This is the second marriage for Rock\'nRoll ', 'world\'s most famous and, on occasion, most lovable super spy. There\'s also the addition of Oscar-winning  director Sam Mendes  ("American Beauty"), Oscar-winner Javier Bardem as the Bond baddie, the return of Oscar-winner Dame Judi ', 'the more it fitted it." The singer was tight-lipped about whether she\'d be belting the film\'s theme.  Director Sam Mendes  sent Adele an early copy of the script to help her compose the song. "She came in very early before we started ', 'Bardem tells Entertainment Weekly . "The word that [ director Sam Mendes ] kept using was \'uncomfortableness\'. Beyond the arts in Spain, and then brought that to Skyfall  director Sam Mendes  until they jointly arrived at this "broken man ', 'after the crash that they always split up on flights in case of tragedy. Similarly, Kate Winslet and her ex-husband,  Sam Mendes , made headlines when they said in 2009 that they fly separately in case of a crash, so that one parent will survive ', 'Golden Globe award for Best Actress in a Drama for her performance in "Revolutionary Road," directed by then-husband  Sam Mendes . In her Oscar acceptance speech, Winslet thanked her "wonderful husband and two beautiful children who let me do what ', 'think I could ever live without my husband." Even some celebrities, including Kate Winslet and her former husband  Sam Mendes , have said they fly separately when they travel to ensure that one parent would survive in order to care for the children ', 'the reader and one for her depiction of an unhappy suburban life in revolutionary road. A film directed by her husband  Sam Mendes  is in costar in her closer friend than Titanic costar Leonardo DiCaprio. You have me. A K And and trying to this on ', 'unhappy suburban life in revolutionary road. A film directed by her husband Sam Mendes is in costar in her closer friend than Titanic costar Leonardo DiCaprio. You have me. A K -- And and trying to ']