['occupied the country, she left France for the U.S. on an illegal visa issued by American diplomat Hiram Bingham IV .  Roman Polanski  In 1977, the award-winning director fled his London home for Paris facing charges of having "unlawful sexual intercourse ', 'two boys Charlie, 13 and Kit, 10, were with their mom, who was nominated for a Best Actress gong for her role in  Roman Polanski \'s "Carnage," when Gervais dug into her, making a thinly-veiled allusion to the intensely private actress ', 'into "What so proudly we watched." 10.  Roman Polanski  Assault Case Film director  Roman Polanski \'s decades-long, sexual-assault case damage to [her] and her family than anything  Roman Polanski  has ever done." She added the media were ', 'FIRST LOOK: Cantaloupe Outbreak Is Deadliest in a Decade + Amazon to Unveil iPad Rival', 'with New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly. 3. The  Roman Polanski  Effect. This one holds that Strauss-Kahn suffered for the sins of movie director  Roman Polanski , who pleaded guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse ', 'sentenced to eight months of GPS-monitored detention in his $18-million Bel Air, Calif., mansion. In 2009,  Roman Polanski  traded a Swiss jail for six months of house arrest in his luxe Alpine chalet in Gstaad, Switzerland, before the ', "Charles Manson Calls 'Foolish' Obama a 'Slave to Wall Street,' Warning That the Environment Is in Peril", 'race war between blacks and whites. Murdered on Aug. 9, 1969, were Tate -- who was the wife of film director  Roman Polanski  -- and their houseguests, Jay Sebring, a hairstylist; heiress Abigail Folger; writer Wojciech Frykowski and teenager ', 'weeks. After the movie wrapped, she quickly went on a strict diet to lose the weight for her following project,  Roman Polanski \'s "The Ghost Writer." Perhaps the actress\'s frustrations stem from a seeming lack of attention to "Meet Monica ', "The justice system's decades-long pursuit of  Roman Polanski  for unlawful sexual intercourse has harmed his victim Marina Zenovich made her [documentary] movie, ' Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired,' ... he sent me a small ", "the never before seen photo of thirteen year old Samantha Who couldn't help but be impressed when she first met  Roman Polanski  back in 1977. Polanski was 43 years old then a director famous for such films as Chinatown and rose Mary's baby ", "Samantha -- Who couldn't help but be impressed when she first met Roman Polanski back in 1977. Polanski was 43 years old then a director famous for such films as Chinatown and rose Mary's baby. He ", 'Surprising news from Switzerland director  Roman Polanski  is now a free man Swiss government rejected a US request to extradite Polanski. On charges of having sex with a thirteen year ', 'Surprising news from Switzerland director Roman Polanski is now a free man Swiss government rejected a US request to extradite Polanski. On charges of having sex with a thirteen ', 'a major going on right now is  Roman Polanski  thriller ghost writer. Starring tell us all about working with  Roman Polanski  and even raising their voice in Brosnan and Ewan McGregor stars of  Roman Polanski  the go to. Hell so I start with ', "on at the movies and a major going on right now is Roman Polanski thriller -- ghost writer. Starring Ewan McGregor and Pierce Brosnan. You wouldn't pierce will be with us is just a moment and they we'll tell us all about working with Roman Polanski and even raising their voice in song. But first let's take a look at some of the suspenseful action. In the -- ", "why isn't it was just. Pierce Brosnan and Ewan McGregor stars of Roman Polanski the go to. Hell so I start with -- years ago. You're the ghost of the writer and because I write I ", "-- that you do come together to do this movie. Directed by Roman Polanski who we all know is a fugitive from American justice and how does that fact affect you. It doesn't it doesn't. And it's it's a tricky one. But but I really believe it doesn't well activism and what and -- Living legend of -- and and you sent script by. Roman Polanski is -- -- -- in your costar Olivia Williams I read an interview with her -- -- things. A mr. Polanski would. ", "and my family. Than anything  Roman Polanski  And He shouldn't be damaged the courts and the media. Then  Roman Polanski . Yes yes absolutely. While the level of peace. If you have with  Roman Polanski  haven't spoken since 1970 ", "-- who weighed more damage to me and my family. Than anything Roman Polanski -- And He shouldn't be damaged more by the court than by the -- here angrier and I guess have more resentment of the courts and the media. Then Roman Polanski . Yes yes absolutely. While the media was really cruel to my -- and -- at first now the tables have turned so ", "When did you -- some level of peace. If you have with Roman Polanski haven't spoken since 1970. No I never spoke to him again but after marine is -- -- -- -- the Roman Polanski wanted and desired He sent me a small note that was like an apology in the for all the trouble he's put ", "it out matter what happens. It's like not prepared that I just had an image Ridley Scott and James Cameron and  Roman Polanski  and we are all doing group hug with I think that. The that would be an interest reunion and yet we also hear that ", 'that I just had an image Ridley Scott and James Cameron and Roman Polanski and we are all doing group hug with -- I think that. The that would be an interest -- reunion and yet ']