['White and the Huntsman" director  Rupert Sanders  six months after he admitted to having an affair with the film\'s star,  Kristen Stewart  . According to People magazine, Ross Who Is  Kristen Stewart \'s Hookup  Rupert Sanders ?', 'nominated for six Grammys.  Kristen Stewart  It was the confession heard the world. "Twilight" star  Kristen Stewart  publicly apologized in July and the Huntsman" director,  Rupert Sanders . "I\'m deeply sorry for ', 'Nicks says people shouldn\'t be so quick to judge star  Kristen Stewart  . When asked about Stewart\'s cheating scandal, Nicks Pattinson with her "Snow White and the Huntsman" director  Rupert Sanders  . Twi-hard Nicks is friends with both Stewart and Pattinson ', 'some of the ugliest: Robert Pattinson and  Kristen Stewart  Robert Pattinson and  Kristen Stewart  fueled the frenzy over the "Twilight Snow White and the Huntsman" director,  Rupert Sanders . Stewart and Sanders issued apologies ', 'Robert Pattinson,  Kristen Stewart  and Taylor Lautner Huntsman" director  Rupert Sanders , Pattinson went into only way to do it."  Kristen Stewart  Stewart had acted photos of her with  Rupert Sanders  appeared in Us Weekly ', 'seemed to have an opinion about  Kristen Stewart  after the Internet exploded and the Huntsman" director  Rupert Sanders , who was married. Still everything she does." RELATED:  Kristen Stewart , Robert Pattinson, and 4 ', 'the first time,  Kristen Stewart  and Robert Pattinson Robert Pattinson and  Kristen Stewart  Back Together? The Huntsman" director  Rupert Sanders  and admitted to an from proposing to  Kristen Stewart  Fans of the pair ', 'Entertainment Are "Twilight" stars  Kristen Stewart  and Robert Pattinson together weeks away from proposing to  Kristen Stewart  The couple split in July after Stewart kissing and cuddling  Rupert Sanders , the married director of one ', '(Kevin Mazur/Getty Images)  Kristen Stewart  has never been known for having a girl-next-door-type affair with her "Snow White and the Huntsman" director  Rupert Sanders  was revealed so it\'s no wonder her happiness is all over ', "and a suitable companion to Disney's 1937 version.  Kristen Stewart  in Snow White and the Huntsman (2012) The second 2012 characters -- Charlize Theron's truly Evil Queen and  Kristen Stewart 's fearless warrior. It appears that the classic tale ", 'Us Weekly broke the news that Stewart was involved in an affair with her "Snow White and the Huntsman" director  Rupert Sanders , she issued a statement to People, saying, "This momentary indiscretion has jeopardized the most important thing ', "TCA 2012/WireImage/Getty Images Robert Pattinson and  Kristen Stewart , who People magazine reports have been spending more time Related: Are 'Twilight' Stars Robert Pattinson and  Kristen Stewart  Back Together? Pattinson is then scheduled to go to Australia ", 'stars Robert Pattinson and  Kristen Stewart  may have reconciled following between Stewart, 22, and  Rupert Sanders , the 41-year-old director weeks away from proposing to  Kristen Stewart  The two starred in the "Twilight ', "We begin with  kristen stewart , robert pattinson bags. Another to  kristen stewart 's boyfriend, robert If it's true that  kristen stewart  cheated on robert woman in the middle.  Rupert sanders  saying she's got ", 'We begin with kristen stewart , robert pattinson the real life "twilight" saga. Amy robach is here with the story. Good morning. These days when a actor gets ', 'made his feelings known as well by packing his bags. Another to kristen stewart\'s boyfriend, robert pattinson has moved out. These photos show a cargo van leaving the home the "twilight" co-stars share. This as public ', "Sobbing videos and even death threats like this. If it's true that kristen stewart cheated on robert pattinson, I would personally kill her. Thousands of women would love to be with him, and she has it ", 'Kristen Stewart , Rupert Sanders  Affair: How Does Controversy Affect Fans, Robert Pattinson?', "half of hollywood's hottest couple.  Kristen stewart  plkly apologizing to her boyfriend, robert pattinson. What does this mean for the movie franchise and the fans. Joining us now ", "half of hollywood's hottest couple. Kristen stewart plkly apologizing to her boyfriend, robert pattinson. What does this mean for the movie franchise and the fans. Joining us now, assistant ", 'down. In "pop news" we begin with land new video that appears to be undeniable chemistry between rupert san ders and  kristen stewart . They were seen together while doing "snow white and the huntsman" and the description she used in her apology has the ', 'video that appears to be undeniable chemistry between rupert san ders and kristen stewart . They were seen together while doing "snow white and the huntsman" and the description she used in her apology has the fans ', "just seen a clip from Snow White and the Huntsman starring  Kristen Stewart  and is here. So how convenient we had a clip of Normandy wasn't something that I really like. Connected to Then  Rupert Sanders  director came and talks in Vancouver and brought this sort ", 'had just seen a clip from Snow White and the Huntsman starring Kristen Stewart and -- is here. So how convenient we had a clip of Normandy and that. Some credit. How do you do that ', "about that and then also will  Kristen Stewart  face Get up the gumption to Very quickly Joseph also  Kristen Stewart  but we hear now won't be up this story sides of the  Rupert Sanders  liberty Ross scored at least ", "a big story we're gonna talk about that and then also will Kristen Stewart face -- -- -- Get up the gumption to walk the red carpet at her new movie premiere we are tackling these ", "information to this site in this Clayton site. Very quickly Joseph also Kristen Stewart but we hear now won't be attending the London premiere of a movie on the road also has dropped out. Of another ", "It's certainly a hollywood shock for  kristen stewart  and her affair with the director of you and vice president howard bragman.  Kristen stewart  issued a public apology. Also  rupert sanders  issued an apology. Was this a full-fledged ", 'It\'s certainly a hollywood shock for kristen stewart and her affair with the director of "snow white and the huntsman" what does it mean for all involved between stewart and robert pattinson? Joining us, kate coyne. Good to see you and vice president howard bragman. Kristen stewart issued a public apology. Also rupert sanders issued an apology. Was this a full-fledged affair? Or just a canoodle? What are we talking about? The vote toers slightly more ', "Robert pattinson and  kristen stewart  giving their first night, since all of the news since their cheated on pattinson, caught on camera, kissing director  rupert sanders . What's the biggest difference of doing this last film ", 'Robert pattinson and kristen stewart giving their first night, since all of the news since their breakup and reunion. But are they back together? Paula faris takes ']