['political reality when he announced Tuesday that he would allow the ban to die. LINK ABC NEWS VIDEO " Gerard Butler And  Aaron Eckhart  Bring Action To DC In Olympus Has Fallen " LINK " Study Reveals 1 in 50 Schoolchildren Have Autism " LINK " President ', 'new talks. WHAT WE\'RE WATCHING GERARD BUTLER AND  AARON ECKHART  BRING ACTION TO DC IN NEW MOVIE. Imagine, if you will president hostage-that\'s the plot of Gerard Butler and  Aaron Eckhart \'s new action-packed film "Olympus Has Fallen ', 'Switch," there was 2010\'s "The Bounty Hunter" with co-star Gerard Butler, 2009\'s "Love Happens," with  Aaron Eckhart , and the dismal dark comedy "Management" with Steve Zahn, also in 2009, which earned a paltry $935,000 at the ', 'flops at the box office. Before "Bounty Hunter," there was "Love Happens," last year\'s romantic comedy with  Aaron Eckhart , which only pulled in $22.9 million domestically. That was still far and above "Management," a dark comedy ', "don't know if Jen's serious or if she's just trying to trick us into thinking that she's really falling for  Aaron Eckhart  so we go see the movie. Since Jennifer isn't the only lady in Hollywood who's had a rough ride on the relationship ", 'arrested hours after attending the London premiere of his film "The Dark Knight," with co-stars Maggie Gyllenhaal,  Aaron Eckhart  and Michael Caine. The UK\'s Sun newspaper reported that detectives allowed the actor to attend the premiere, despite ', "the star. His are the scenes that keep you on the edge of your seat. But Christian Bale as Batman and new addition  Aaron Eckhart  as Harvey Dent/Two Face, Gotham's do-good District Attorney, hold their own. The Joker cautions his criminal ", "superhero comic book adaptation ever made. Need I say more than Heath Ledger? Besides Ledger's portrayal as the Joker,  Aaron Eckhart  is brilliant as Harvey Dent, and so are the Nolan Brothers for delivering an original, brooding, suspenseful masterpiece ", 'Perhaps it\'s best not to beat around the bush with the July 18 release of "The Dark Knight," director and co-screenwriter Christopher Nolan\'s hotly anticipated sequel to 2005\'s critically and commercially successful franchise reboot "Batman Begins." The bat signal certainly won\'t be powered down', 'others eyes and kind of ESPing each other and that was acting. And it was amazing. And very, very different than  Aaron Eckhart  who, you know, plays my other lover. Christian spent a lot of time by himself. Aaron and I would spend lots of time ', 'Begins", as Rachel Dawes, Gotham\'s ambitious, nattily attired prosecutor who\'s torn between DA Harvey Dent ( Aaron Eckhart ) and Batman himself (Christian Bale). Gotham, meanwhile, is being terrorized by a demonic, disfigured criminal ', "well with a shot like yours are feel comfortable and safe if you're behind of the guns and I gotta ask about You or  Aaron Eckhart  who's a better shot. You know I say I have to say parent you know LA. Yeah I'm good at taking guns apart putting ", "of the guns and -- I gotta ask about -- You or Aaron Eckhart who's a better shot. You know I -- say I have to say parent you know LA. Yeah I'm good at taking ", "engine. He did a big hitter. that melting ice like you know the more story may be a little bit more action I did like  Aaron Eckhart  he's in the movie and of course He can do in Iran and but if you're into dialogue YouTube like service story you're ", "story -- may be a little bit more action I did like Aaron Eckhart he's in the movie and of course He can do in Iran and -- but if you're into dialogue YouTube like service ", "extensive. And this that beautiful way of setting up what we're about to show your husband in the hill. What if it  Aaron Eckhart  and this is a place again you guys are different how you're dealing. lost some of your son I think everybody has ", "about to show your husband in the hill. What if it -- Aaron Eckhart and this is a place -- again you guys are different -- how you're dealing. -- lost some of your son I ", 'of movies that we just you know a lot people seem balls of fury good child. Love happens with Jennifer Aniston and  Aaron Eckhart  and loved and that we did you have any room to improper movies I Big you know well. Somewhere is on the spectrum ', 'balls of fury good -- child. Love happens with Jennifer Aniston and Aaron Eckhart and loved and that we did you have any room to improper -- -- -- -- movies I -- -- Big -- ']