['Surprising news from Switzerland director  Roman Polanski  is now a free man Swiss government rejected a US request to extradite Polanski. On charges of having sex with a thirteen year ', 'Surprising news from Switzerland director Roman Polanski is now a free man Swiss government rejected a US request to extradite Polanski. On charges of having sex with a thirteen ', 'a major going on right now is  Roman Polanski  thriller ghost writer. Starring tell us all about working with  Roman Polanski  and even raising their voice in Brosnan and Ewan McGregor stars of  Roman Polanski  the go to. Hell so I start with ', "on at the movies and a major going on right now is Roman Polanski thriller -- ghost writer. Starring Ewan McGregor and Pierce Brosnan. You wouldn't pierce will be with us is just a moment and they we'll tell us all about working with Roman Polanski and even raising their voice in song. But first let's take a look at some of the suspenseful action. In the -- ", "why isn't it was just. Pierce Brosnan and Ewan McGregor stars of Roman Polanski the go to. Hell so I start with -- years ago. You're the ghost of the writer and because I write I ", "-- that you do come together to do this movie. Directed by Roman Polanski who we all know is a fugitive from American justice and how does that fact affect you. It doesn't it doesn't. And it's it's a tricky one. But but I really believe it doesn't well activism and what and -- Living legend of -- and and you sent script by. Roman Polanski is -- -- -- in your costar Olivia Williams I read an interview with her -- -- things. A mr. Polanski would. ", "and my family. Than anything  Roman Polanski  And He shouldn't be damaged the courts and the media. Then  Roman Polanski . Yes yes absolutely. While the level of peace. If you have with  Roman Polanski  haven't spoken since 1970 ", "-- who weighed more damage to me and my family. Than anything Roman Polanski -- And He shouldn't be damaged more by the court than by the -- here angrier and I guess have more resentment of the courts and the media. Then Roman Polanski . Yes yes absolutely. While the media was really cruel to my -- and -- at first now the tables have turned so ", "When did you -- some level of peace. If you have with Roman Polanski haven't spoken since 1970. No I never spoke to him again but after marine is -- -- -- -- the Roman Polanski wanted and desired He sent me a small note that was like an apology in the for all the trouble he's put ", "it out matter what happens. It's like not prepared that I just had an image Ridley Scott and James Cameron and  Roman Polanski  and we are all doing group hug with I think that. The that would be an interest reunion and yet we also hear that ", 'that I just had an image Ridley Scott and James Cameron and Roman Polanski and we are all doing group hug with -- I think that. The that would be an interest -- reunion and yet ', 'are joining forces to star in  Roman Polanski  is. New critically acclaimed make movies with the great man  Roman Polanski  and served from a book by Robert pretty pretty pretty much from the  Roman Polanski  is directing so very very fine ', "Now Pierce Brosnan and Ewan McGregor are joining forces to star in Roman Polanski is. New critically acclaimed thriller it's called the ghost writer -- you and thanks so much thank you so much for joining ", "to far flung places and make movies with the great man -- Roman Polanski and served from a book by Robert Harris you you've opened one for the best. So it's great that it's. In a ", 'the -- Yeah pretty pretty pretty much from -- -- -- the Roman Polanski is directing so very very fine script and great park and so it was pretty. Immediate decision for me. You guys menaces are very intriguing invitation to -- -- from generations and numbness a Roman Polanski wants you to be in a movie called the ghost when the ex British prime minister. -- so I helped -- much ', "thriller everyone is talking about it's called the ghost writer goes straighter. Well send the scripts and from  Roman Polanski . and asking me to play the pot and not a Romans is not somebody on you or government. By December somebody has grown ", 'writer -- -- goes straighter. Well -- send the scripts and from Roman Polanski . -- and asking me to play the pot and not a Romans is not somebody on you or government. By December somebody ', 'them. coming up on the webcast  Roman Polanski  arrested the director of such overseas Oscar winning director  Roman Polanski  is in custody after Swiss police has sparked outrage in Europe.  Roman Polanski  is being on the run since 1978 ', "any time anywhere you want them. -- coming up on the webcast Roman Polanski arrested the director of such films as Chinatown and rose Mary's baby. Is busted and it's created an international incident. Fighting back ", 'Sudanese ABC news at the White House. Moving overseas Oscar winning director Roman Polanski is in custody after Swiss police arrested over the weekend on a 32 year old charge. The Los Angeles district attorney wants Polanski extradited to face charges He had sex with a thirteen year old girl. Nick -- reports the arrest has sparked outrage in Europe. Roman Polanski is being on the run since 1978. Avoiding countries that might extradite him. He has set foot on US soil in 31 ', 'Griffin the concert aired Sunday on VH one it was televised internationally by the armed forces And the winner is  Roman Polanski  the directors political thriller ghost the annual European film awards winning six categories including best film ', 'was televised internationally by the armed forces -- And the winner is Roman Polanski the directors political thriller ghost -- -- the annual European film awards winning six categories including best film director actor and screenplay. ', "ninety days and you know. Just in the course of this last year we have the Conrad Murray with Michael Jackson we have  Roman Polanski  we have Lindsay Lohan we have Charlie Sheen. Mean these cases are keeping as busy Mel Gibson I mean it it's it ", "last year we have the Conrad Murray with Michael Jackson we have Roman Polanski we have Lindsay Lohan we have Charlie Sheen. Mean these cases are keeping as busy Mel Gibson I mean it it's it ", "of microphones gives you some indication another alleged victims whether it's a British actress accusing director  Roman Polanski  sexually abusing her as a teenager and an attorney Gloria all red. right the ex girlfriend of Scott Peterson a man ", "some indication another alleged victims whether it's a British actress accusing director Roman Polanski sexually abusing her as a teenager and an attorney Gloria all red. -- right -- -- -- -- the ex girlfriend of ", "And Wal-Mart will not only be open on Thursday they're gonna stay open for 24 hours. A Swiss judge has granted  Roman Polanski  is request to be released on bail. In 1978 the renowned film director fled the US for France before his sentencing ", "they're gonna stay open for 24 hours. A Swiss judge has granted Roman Polanski is request to be released on bail. In 1978 the renowned film director fled the US for France before his sentencing on ", "accounts was a man with a bright future. A fine arts degree from UCLA. Studied film NYU and worked for director  Roman Polanski . Went His professor at UCLA. And as professor amounts of this guy is a top honors student. He's saw a really ", "arts degree from UCLA. Studied film -- NYU and worked for director Roman Polanski . Went -- His professor at UCLA. And as professor -- amounts of this guy is a top honors student. He's saw a ", "accounts was a man with a bright future. A fine arts degree from UCLA. Studied film and NY and worked for director  Roman Polanski . Went His professor at UCLA. And as professor amounts of this guy is a top honors student. He's saw a really ", "degree from UCLA. Studied film and NY -- and worked for director Roman Polanski . Went -- His professor at UCLA. And as professor -- amounts of this guy is a top honors student. He's saw a ", "into the dead. And she held on to both sides of the door. And felt her niece. And said. My daughter's dead.  Roman Polanski  returned from Europe to bury his murdered wife and their unborn son. Only to discover people in their terror had ", "of the door. And felt her niece. And said. My daughter's dead. Roman Polanski returned from Europe to bury his murdered wife and their unborn son. Only to discover people in their terror had begun blaming ", "the big hole in the senate that she kid. belly into and just float to keep cool. Tate's husband film director  Roman Polanski  was expected home soon from Europe to be there for the birth of their son. This will really. Do this for the first ", "belly into and just float to keep cool. Tate's husband film director Roman Polanski was expected home soon from Europe to be there for the birth of their son. This will really. Do this for the ", "After 31 years on the run. The acclaimed movie maker  Roman Polanski  is in jail in Switzerland tonight Polanski has been He arrested now. Here's ABC's nick watt apple  Roman Polanski  has lived in France ever since He the US in 1978 ", "After 31 years on the run. The acclaimed movie maker Roman Polanski is in jail in Switzerland tonight Polanski has been a wanted man in this country ever since He left the US. After being arrested for having sex with a thirteen year old. His whereabouts have never been a secret over the years so why was He arrested now. Here's ABC's nick watt apple -- Roman Polanski has lived in France ever since He -- the US in 1978. Carefully avoiding countries that -- extradite him having a very ", 'Lead director of  Roman Polanski  his wife just went. Balked while drawn female photographer that you see here. To get enough for the motorcycle she comes up ahead ', 'Lead director of Roman Polanski his wife just went. Balked while drawn -- female photographer that you see here. To get enough for the motorcycle she comes ']