["SYDNEY (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy said on Friday it would lead the effort to recover four unarmed bombs it was forced to drop in Australia's World Heritage-listed Great Barrier Reef marine park.Full story", 'PHOENIX (AP) Phoenix Mercury forward Penny Taylor has undergone arthroscopic surgery on her right knee. The Australian is expected to be sidelined for six to eight weeks, which could put her out for the remainder of the season. The WNBA regular season ends on Sept. 15. The surge... Full story', 'CANBERRA (Reuters) - A former Australian prime minister denounced offshore refugee detention camps as Soviet-style "Gulags" on Thursday and the opposition proposed empowering the military to stop boats of asylum seekers days before a national election is to be called. Full story', 'TrendingTunisiaAfghanistanUnited NationsUnited KingdomIslamismNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "Zookeepers at Australia's Taronga Zoo are celebrating the birth of a rare white rhino. TODAY.com's Dara Brown has the story.", 'After 220-pounds of explosives could not bring down a silo, an Australian demolition crew brought in a giant jackhammer to finally get the job done. ', 'Gardiner of Australia hits from the tenth tee during the first round at the Canadian Open golf tournament at the Glen Abbey Golf Club in Oakville', 'Scott Gardiner of Australia hits from the tenth tee during the first round at the Canadian Open golf tournament at the Glen Abbey Golf Club in Oakville, July 25, 2013.    REUTERS/Mark Blinch (CANADA - Tags: SPORT GOLF)', 'Meliad Farah, an Australian citizen, is seen in this undated handout image provided by the Bulgarian Interior Ministry', 'Meliad Farah, an Australian citizen, is seen in this undated handout image provided by the Bulgarian Interior Ministry on July 25, 2013. Bulgaria named a citizen of Canada and one of Australia as suspects in a bombing on a bus that killed five Israelis and their driver in Burgas last year and that a', 'Australian hurdler Sally Pearson speaks to journalists during a news conference in London', 'Australian hurdler Sally Pearson speaks to journalists during a news conference in London July 25, 2013. Pearson is in London to compete in the Diamond League athletics meeting.  REUTERS/Paul Hackett (BRITAIN - Tags: SPORT ATHLETICS)']