["Mississippi Sen. Roger Wicker and the state's three U.S. House members have breezed to victory in their party primaries, setting up races in November in which each w...", 'Americans on no-fly list over terror concerns still allowed to enroll in flight school', "U.S. citizens who are on the government's list of people banned from flying because they're considered terror threats are not prevented from learning how to fly in s...", 'Commercial air travel is at risk from terrorists who quietly get jobs at airports so that they can attack from within sensitive areas, a senior Homeland Security Dep...', "The House's solid bipartisan vote for a cybersecurity bill sends a message to the Senate: Now it's your turn to act.Ignoring a White House veto threat, the House app...", "3 out at Secret Service in Colombia prostitution scandal as congressman warns 'it's not over'", 'Moving swiftly, the Secret Service forced out three agents Wednesday in a prostitution scandal that has embarrassed President Obama. A senior congressman welcomed th...', "On Dec. 12, 2003, Maryland businessman Raymond Starkes III gave $2,000 to the campaign of Rep. Bennie Thompson ( search ), D-Miss. That same day, Starkes' son -- a c...", 'The couple who slipped into a White House dinner without an invitation denied Tuesday that they were gate-crashers.Appearing on a nationally broadcast morning news s...', 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Bret Baier" from December 3, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PRES...', 'Twice as many Americans as previously reported by law enforcement have traveled overseas to join an al-Qaida-linked organization, a congressional investigation found...', 'Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announced Friday that she has canceled the troubled virtual fence project along the southwest border, proposing a new pl...', 'Rep .  Bennie Thompson  (D-MS) tells Alan why he thinks that hearings on domestic terrorism should not focus solely on Muslims.', "Boston chief: City 'received no word' from FBI about warning from Russia about Tsarnaev", "FBI agents did not tell Boston police they had receiving warnings from Russia's government in 2011 about suspected bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev and had performed a curso...", 'A Mississippi congressman is asking the FBI to review the slaying of an openly gay mayoral candidate to determine if any federal laws might have been violated.U.S. R...', 'Witnesses at a high-profile congressional hearing on Islamic radicalization said Thursday that America is "failing" to confront the threat posed by homegrown extremi...', 'Rep. Peter King, the new chairman of the Homeland Security Committee who has ignited a storm of controversy for planning hearings next month on the growing threat of...', 'Racial profiling allegations involving two officers at the Honolulu International Airport were found to be unsubstantiated after an investigation, the U.S Transporta...', 'Nearly a decade into a 25-year, $24.2 billion overhaul intended to add or upgrade more than 250 vessels to its aging fleet, the Coast Guard has two new ships to show...']