['Daniel Day Lewis lends his method acting to help bring "Obama" character to life.', "stabilizes the video that makes it smooth and beautiful like shop with a cinematic camera so anybody can and appear to be  Steven Spielberg . Of their community right. The cool thing about instrument the very beginning it's actually how it let. Everyday ", "with a cinematic camera so anybody can and appear to be -- Steven Spielberg . Of their community right. The cool thing about instrument the very beginning it's actually how it let. Everyday people take beautiful photographs ", "sale. A pair of custom 3d glasses. A movie poster. And a small popcorn. And it comes just days after movie titan  steven spielberg  and george lucas made a dire prediction. If the movie industry doesn't change the way it does business, it may ", "And a small popcorn. And it comes just days after movie titan steven spielberg and george lucas made a dire prediction. If the movie industry doesn't change the way it does business, it may be headed ", "that the helicopter fifty bucks maybe a hundred 150. The USC panel discussion that aired on CNBC George Lucas and  Steven Spielberg  explained all. In the future some movie tickets will cost more than others you're gonna have to pay 25 dollars ", "150. The USC panel discussion that aired on CNBC George Lucas and Steven Spielberg explained all. In the future some movie tickets will cost more than others you're gonna have to pay 25 dollars could be ", 'slavery and hold the nation together. The director,  steven spielberg  says he\'s been drawn to lincoln as a timeless let him go. And so we choose daniel day lewis and  steven spielberg  for bringing us "lincoln," the movie, which is ', "an amend pt, ending slavery and hold the nation together. The director, steven spielberg says he's been drawn to lincoln as a timeless, moral compass, from the day he first saw the lincoln memorial, almost 60 ", 'to let him go. And so we choose daniel day lewis and steven spielberg for bringing us "lincoln," the movie, which is distributed by our parent company, disney, opening next friday. And lincoln, the president, who ', 'character for a founding father of the blockbuster,  steven spielberg , who sat down with his lincoln, daniel day lewis Reporter: Fascinated by lincoln since he was a child,  steven spielberg  always wanted to do this movie. America at its finest ', 'beloved americans. A perfect character for a founding father of the blockbuster, steven spielberg , who sat down with his lincoln, daniel day lewis, and our diane sawyer. Reporter: Fascinated by lincoln since he was a child, steven spielberg always wanted to do this movie. America at its finest, with lincoln as the prism for understanding the delicate balance between dedication ', "feet wide, as one fisherman put it, 1,300 pounds of nightmare. It took two hours to reel him in. Paraphrasing  steven spielberg , is it safe to go back in the water? The fishermen think so. They're going back out again tomorrow. And a farewell ", "pounds of nightmare. It took two hours to reel him in. Paraphrasing steven spielberg , is it safe to go back in the water? The fishermen think so. They're going back out again tomorrow. And a farewell ", "Mac and a phone call. From  Steven Spielberg 's office. Which of course the great American directors  Steven Spielberg  he's children who got his head becomes in this bill. And  Steven Spielberg  is allowed to the Spielberg's ", "the festival and the next day Mac and a phone call. From Steven Spielberg's office. Which of course He didn't believe for as. I wouldn't have and it was Kathy Kennedy whose assistance is in the ", "director who clearly is you know one of the great American directors Steven Spielberg he's -- children who got his head becomes in this bill. And Steven Spielberg is allowed to the Spielberg's movies that they get to fall into the hands of two -- you know strangers. Which to ", "Kate Middleton's Birthday Kicks Off With Screening of Steven Spielberg's  'War Horse'", "She turns thirty today after hitting the red carpet last night when Prince William Perry is now I think we're gonna and tortured and chivalry shielding in the rain. watching us now from London with more on plans for the big day good morning. Good morning I wonder if the young Kate ever dress she'd", "Lincoln as one of them and I'm so proud to be part of this standing across from Daniel. And shepherded by the master  Steven Spielberg  with the words exquisitely written by Tony Kushner so to me it it just. Represents and supports and underlines ", 'of this -- standing across from Daniel. And shepherded by the master Steven Spielberg with the words exquisitely written by Tony Kushner so to me it it just. Represents and supports and underlines. Them and this. ', 'From working with David Lynch to  Steven Spielberg , the actress discusses her choices as an actress.', "properties facility. there from  Steven Spielberg 's war it doesn't open till played before starting Steven  Steven Spielberg  movie is a tree yet yet tree finally. You get word that  Steven Spielberg  himself. Washington seeing ", "The law was very clear about the properties facility. -- there from Steven Spielberg's war -- it doesn't open till Christmas -- but it's sort of been nominated for best picture. At the Golden Globes the -- movie also marks the big screen debut. And break of a lifetime for the young and you just saw Jeremy Irvine is now. Welcome him. So let me get this right. The last thing you played before starting -- Steven Steven Spielberg movie is a tree yet yet tree and industrialists say there are seven dollars. Yet to finish 799 sellers and I'm not kind of -- my friends and an economy saying you know countries is going to be a tree and -- will conferencing. Super conscious than that are real treat but -- that worked so hard at this you auditioned again and again and again and finally. You get word that Steven Spielberg himself. Washington seeing you for and I wish you yes you know who senate vocal in my I think saying condemning -- ", 'Oscar-winning actress had to convince  Steven Spielberg , Daniel Day-Lewis she was right for part.', 'Only Gallup. Dick Morris. Now speaking of presence in the legacies I want to acknowledge. A wonderful friend  Steven Spielberg  and Daniel Day-Lewis who here tonight. We had its screening of the most recent film Lincoln which was an extraordinary ', 'of presence in the legacies I want to acknowledge. A wonderful friend Steven Spielberg and Daniel Day-Lewis who -- here tonight. We had its -- screening of the most recent film Lincoln which was an extraordinary ', "in trouble when I got back home. Who knew eric holder was so sensitive. Reporter: Viewers got a sneak peek at  steven spielberg 's new epic. The comedy didn't disappoint last night. He wrapped up mentioning the tragedies in massachusetts ", "eric holder was so sensitive. Reporter: Viewers got a sneak peek at steven spielberg's new epic. The comedy didn't disappoint last night. He wrapped up mentioning the tragedies in massachusetts and texas. Overall, a funny upbeat ", 'ranging from "the nutty professor" to "the klump" brought her more. Getting up near madonna, george lucas and  steven spielberg . Filthy rich and working on a new album. On her way to 2 billion. Yes, exactly. This story is a real psych-out ', '"the klump" brought her more. Getting up near madonna, george lucas and steven spielberg . Filthy rich and working on a new album. On her way to 2 billion. Yes, exactly. This story is a real psych-out. ', "Former White House advisor David Axelrod. We'll be play by Higgins from Magnum PI. This has also produced by  Steven Spielberg  by the way representative Paul Ryan. We'll be played by mr. me. Senator Chuck Schumer. Will be played by grandpa ", "be play by Higgins from Magnum PI. This has also produced by Steven Spielberg by the way representative Paul Ryan. We'll be played by mr. -- me. Senator Chuck Schumer. Will be played by grandpa Munster. "]