['in a federal mental facility.) The motion picture "Saving Private Ryan," starring Tom Hanks and directed by  Steven Spielberg , was released. In 2002, nine coal miners became trapped in a flooded tunnel of the Quecreek Mine in western ', 'death. His story gained worldwide prominence with the Thomas Keneally\'s book "Schindler\'s List" followed by  Steven Spielberg \'s 1993 academy award winning film of the same name. Read About the Youngest Schindler\'s List Survivor Who Died ', 'fundraiser for Booker at his Beverly Hills mansion. The guest list included industry heavyweights like director  Steven Spielberg , DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg, and actor Bruce Willis, who, like Trump, is considered to be a famous conservative ', 'That\'s just not fair." Jelly-Mania Move over Jaws, there is a new menace in the water. In the words of  Steven Spielberg : "Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water," rare black jellyfish are spoiling your leisurely ', 'that Nixon uttered that deathless line, "When the president does it, that means it\'s not illegal." Lincoln  Steven Spielberg \'s examination of the Great Emancipator jettisons the traditional cradle-to-grave biopic format in favor of ', "George Lucas and  Steven Spielberg  attend the dedication of the Sumner M. Redstone Production Building Walt Disney Co., ABC's parent company. Lucas and director  Steven Spielberg  talked about the future of entertainment while on a panel at ", '(Atari) The 1982 Atari 2600 "E.T." video game adaptation of the  Steven Spielberg  film "E.T." was so unplayable that, according to a longstanding urban legend, millions of unsold or returned copies were ', "12-foot long mako shark. It took more than two hours to reel in the 1,300-pound nightmare. To paraphrase  Steven Spielberg , is it safe to go back in the water? The fishermen think so, They're going back out on the water tomorrow.", 'creature was so well-preserved that some of its blood and muscle tissue was intact. That means that just like in  Steven Spielberg \'s blockbuster movie "Jurassic Park," scientists could theoretically bring the woolly mammoth back from extinction ', 'will have streaming video capabilities, and also original Xbox video content, including a Halo TV series made by  Steven Spielberg . It promises to loop your cable box into the interactive Xbox experience, allowing you to channel surf via voice ', 'announced that it is working with the NFL on video content and a live-action Halo TV series created directed by  Steven Spielberg , which will be available only through the Xbox platform. "I\'ve been playing games for decades," Spielberg ', 'I want to acknowledge. A wonderful friend  Steven Spielberg  and Daniel Day-Lewis here tonight. We head of the screening of the most recent film Lincoln which an extraordinary film. I ', 'I want to acknowledge. A wonderful friend Steven Spielberg and Daniel Day-Lewis -- here tonight. We head of the screening of the most recent film Lincoln which -- an extraordinary film. ', "stabilizes the video that makes it smooth and beautiful like shop with a cinematic camera so anybody can and appear to be  Steven Spielberg . Of their community right. The cool thing about instrument the very beginning it's actually how it let. Everyday ", "with a cinematic camera so anybody can and appear to be -- Steven Spielberg . Of their community right. The cool thing about instrument the very beginning it's actually how it let. Everyday people take beautiful photographs ", "sale. A pair of custom 3d glasses. A movie poster. And a small popcorn. And it comes just days after movie titan  steven spielberg  and george lucas made a dire prediction. If the movie industry doesn't change the way it does business, it may ", "And a small popcorn. And it comes just days after movie titan steven spielberg and george lucas made a dire prediction. If the movie industry doesn't change the way it does business, it may be headed ", "that the helicopter fifty bucks maybe a hundred 150. The USC panel discussion that aired on CNBC George Lucas and  Steven Spielberg  explained all. In the future some movie tickets will cost more than others you're gonna have to pay 25 dollars ", "150. The USC panel discussion that aired on CNBC George Lucas and Steven Spielberg explained all. In the future some movie tickets will cost more than others you're gonna have to pay 25 dollars could be "]