["to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein and. It's okay. We're best animated found the nominees are. Franken we need  Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam and Chris Butler. And brain Mark ", "We're best animated -- -- found the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck -- Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam -- and Chris Butler. And brain Mark ", "to pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein. We're best animated feature film the nominees are. Franken we need  Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam fell and Chris Butler. And brave ", "Weinstein. We're best animated feature film the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam fell and Chris Butler. And brave Mark ", "pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein. We're best animated feature film the nominees are there. Franken we need  Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam and Chris Butler. And brave ", "We're best animated feature film the nominees are there. Franken we need Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam -- and Chris Butler. And brave Mark ", "wonderful bonds. And Roger morrow Beautiful man. My friend. I loved working with him. And the other played was for  Tim Burton  Batman returns. For the next track track also hope that on. Well he was that wasn't and by the you know Max is the ", "loved working with him. And the other -- -- played was for Tim Burton Batman returns. For the next track track also hope that on. Well he was -- that wasn't and by the you know ", "Waiting too long I have to say you know  Tim Burton  is notorious for taking. Really need some details. Great it really  Tim Burton  Johnny Depp have acknowledged power and this is very much  Tim Burton 's style. the that Hussein went ", "and you -- Waiting too long I have to say you know Tim Burton is notorious for taking. Really you know scripts like that's a really doing it and making it really cheesy really going overboard ", "to his -- that we're really need some details. Great it really Tim Burton Johnny Depp have acknowledged -- -- power and this is very much Tim Burton's style. -- -- -- the -- -- -- that Hussein went about it would you want to. The spot news have a ", "got sonic hedgehog. He got caught frank sock monkeys and flying his name is and it not in the And eat great director  Tim Burton 's nightmare lives in line to reduce your his and he's really kind of awkward looking very sweet looking. Please ", "and it -- -- not in the -- And eat great director Tim Burton's nightmare lives in line to reduce your -- his -- and he's really kind of awkward looking very sweet looking. Please if ", 'Party thrown for military families on Halloween 2009. The state dining room decorated by Alice in Wonderland director  Tim Burton . Johnny in full costume I know him anyway. White House downplayed cancer rates. Officials were so nervous about how ', 'Halloween 2009. The state dining room decorated by Alice in Wonderland director Tim Burton . Johnny -- -- in full costume I know him anyway. White House downplayed -- cancer rates. Officials were so nervous about how ', "look at some. The very experienced. It was a birthday. Yeah. Let me me. The best moviegoing experience. I ever had  Tim Burton 's corpse firm headed commerce city it's going to actually. am so excited and everyone who worked at the theater ", "Yeah. Let me -- me. The best moviegoing experience. I ever had Tim Burton's corpse firm headed commerce city it's going to -- actually. -- am so excited and everyone who worked at the theater was ", "Hi  Tim Burton  welcome to popcorn it's great to have you here and I've got to thank you for everybody out there for for the holidays. Giving ", "Hi Tim Burton welcome to popcorn it's great to have you here and I've got to thank you for everybody out there for for the ", "you're going to be playing a younger version of him and  Tim Burton 's new film dark shadows tell what's all those Johnny absolutely what's what's it been like have you met  Tim Burton  yes. Real fan of his movies. Yeah really big fan from ", "now you're going to be playing a younger version of him and Tim Burton's new film dark shadows -- tell -- what's all those Johnny -- comparisons like for you. -- a weird sometimes but also very flattered. And. Mostly just makes me excited to don't work on this movie was -- absolutely what's what's it been like have you met Tim Burton yes. Real fan of his movies. Yeah -- really big fan from you know I grew up watching them. And tell me ", "were doing a book about Elizabeth Taylor Burton romance and young students why didn't Elizabeth Taylor was married to  Tim Burton . And that's Dari. Little and everything else that's what she really decided them. Should like to help us and telling ", "and young students -- -- why didn't Elizabeth Taylor was married to Tim Burton . And that's Dari. Little -- and everything else that's what she really decided -- them. Should like to help us and telling ", "good happens after midnight I can tell you nothing good happens after the first where I saw. one different yeah I for  Tim Burton  saying He was it was playing football giants you know what so I'm gonna get homicides that I have given him aside as ", "first where I saw. -- one different yeah I -- -- for Tim Burton saying He was it was playing football giants you know what -- so I'm gonna get -- homicides that I have given ", "really disturbing but then you know. Coming to it isn't it's it's a whole different experience it when asked about  Tim Burton  and you can get another version coming out pretty soon what. Think it is about the story that so appealing. I do have ", 'whole different experience -- -- -- it -- -- when asked about Tim Burton and you can get another version coming out pretty soon what. Think it is about the story that so appealing. I do ', "sixty films including Spider-Man. And most of director  Tim Burton 's movies like. Charlie and the chocolate back. And Morning America was invited to eavesdrop on and director  Tim Burton  analyzing some Alice in Wonderland music. that's exactly ", "more than sixty films including -- -- Spider-Man. And most of director Tim Burton's movies like. Charlie and the chocolate back. -- -- And Alice in Wonderland in 3-D opening Friday. Go back. Old -- Good Morning America was invited to eavesdrop on -- -- and director Tim Burton analyzing some Alice in Wonderland music. -- that's exactly the notes that we're talking about. Scoring a major movie can take months ", "seems like nothing is going to knock that off the top spot this weekend. let's go back to two Alice in Wonderland  Tim Burton  having huge success with this movie and it is the 3-D drawing people and as well do you think. Actually people are ", "this weekend. -- -- let's go back to two Alice in Wonderland Tim Burton having huge success with this movie and it is the 3-D drawing people and as well do you think. Actually people are ", "it the Disney animation studio. started working with  Tim Burton  actually when he was an animated there so a lot of the that really is a trademark to up all of all of those  Tim Burton  films that you've worked on how did you to join forces ", "in the industry it the Disney animation studio. -- started working with Tim Burton actually when he was an animated there so a lot of the films that I've done since I have been with Tim. ", "that really is a trademark to up all of all of those Tim Burton films that you've worked on how did you to join forces had to start working together. Well way back when -- to ", "Heath ledgers task in this in this part which place O'Brien On. Do you to sit and discuss what went on in that. First  Tim Burton  Batman movie between Jack Nicholson and Michael Keaton is that ever come up. He isn't aware or talking to you about ", "Do you to sit and discuss what went on in that. First Tim Burton Batman movie between Jack Nicholson and Michael Keaton is that ever come up. He isn't aware or talking to you about I'm ", "for gone baby gone has a lot of momentum there and she's picking up a lot of critics awards as well. Best director  Tim Burton  and Cohen Julian Schnabel Ridley Scott Joseph Wright but we have on the phone Christina Applegate because we know television ", '-- picking up a lot of critics awards as well. Best director Tim Burton -- and -- Cohen Julian Schnabel Ridley Scott Joseph Wright but we have on the phone Christina Applegate because we know television ']