['Palme d\'Or is the biggest prize at the film festival and is presented to the director of the best feature film. Last year, Michael Haneke won for "Amour." The year before that,  Terrence Malick  took top honors for "The Tree of Life."', 'Ebert\'s Final Review Published The "Chicago Sun-Times" has printed Roger Ebert\'s last movie review. Ebert, who passed away last week, gave his final review to  Terrence Malick \'s film "To the Wonder," starring Ben Affleck.', "Foundation's Language for All Campaign, in Austin, Tex., Saturday. The trio is currently filming an unnamed  Terrence Malick  movie in the area, and they shot B-roll for their film while at the event. Although they didn't run the 5K race ", 'which might explain why few saw it and some critics thought it was an absolute indulgence on the part of director  Terrence Malick . Adams, for one, was glad to see it included because, she said, Malick is such "an iconoclast." Extremely ', 'The Descendants" Alexander Payne "Hugo" Martin Scorsese "Midnight in Paris" Woody Allen "The Tree of Life"  Terrence Malick  Documentary (Feature) "Hell and Back Again" Danfung Dennis and Mike Lerner "If a Tree Falls: A Story of the ', 'prolific career in New York\'s off-off-Broadway theater scene and was soon cast as a leading man in films like  Terrence Malick \'s 1978 epic "Days of Heaven ." That same year he wrote the play "Buried Child," which earned him the Pulitzer ', 'loved \'Tree of Life.\' Either you get caught up in ( Terrence Malick \'s) personal vision or you find it self-indulgent Pitt\'s performance as a domineering father in  Terrence Malick \'s epic family drama "Tree of Life" helped the ', 'during his game show run. Famous Birthdays 1835 Mark Twain 1874 Winston Churchill 1929 Dick Clark 1937 Ridley Scott 1943  Terrence Malick  1947 David Mamet 1955 Billy Idol 1959 Cherie Currie 1962 Bo Jackson 1965 Ben Stiller 1969 Amy Ryan 1978 Clay Aiken ', "think is a definite best picture nominee. I think war horse which is another his his big epic thing. Tree of life.  Terrence Malick  movie Montreal his hidden money my you know released a bit ago. But it doesn't that staying past us with instantly ", "is another -- -- his his big epic thing. Tree of life. Terrence Malick movie -- -- Montreal -- -- his hidden money my you know released a bit ago. But it doesn't -- that staying ", "the artists who Alexander for the descendants. Martin Scorsese for you go. Woody Allen for midnight in Paris. And  Terrence Malick  for the tree of life. For best original screenplay the nominees are. Michelle has nation's for the artist. Any ", "Martin Scorsese for you go. Woody Allen for midnight in Paris. And Terrence Malick for the tree of life. For best original screenplay the nominees are. Michelle has -- nation's for the artist. Any -- Malo ", 'the summertime as best reviewed popcorn movie thus far. Though for your movie making excellence Brad Pitt stars and  Terrence Malick  the tree of life. ambitious visually stunning story of a Texas family and their journey through life and death and ', 'thus far. Though for your movie making excellence Brad Pitt stars and Terrence Malick the tree of life. -- ambitious visually stunning story of a Texas family and their journey through life and death and the ']