['Miserables," went on to thank everyone from her fellow cast member Hugh Jackman to her makeup artist and the film\'s  director Tom Hooper . The 30-year-old actress then gave a shout-out to fellow cast member Eddie Redmayne, who was sick backstage ', 'Her \'I Dreamed a Dream\' is just jaw-dropping. It is so raw and heartfelt,"  Tom Hooper , the Oscar-winning  director  behind the " King \' s Speech ," gushed to USA Today. Hathaway told the Los Angeles Times that after playing Fantine ', 'The Descendants" Best  director : Martin Scorsese Colin Firth, "The  King \' s Speech " Best  director :  Tom Hooper , "The  King \' s Speech " Golden Globe winners King \' s Speech " Best  director : David Fincher, "The ', 'Michael Raisler. Django Unchained  Director : Quentin Tarantino Producers Harvey Weinstein. Les Miserables  Director :  Tom Hooper  Producers: Bernard Bellew Thomas Schonberg. Life of Pi  Director : Ang Lee Producers: Kevin Richard ', 'snubs of "Argo"  director  Ben Affleck, "Zero Dark Thirty"  director  Kathryn Bigelow and "Les Miserables"  director Tom Hooper  and its surprise nomination for "Beasts"  director  Zeitlin. That leaves Spielberg with the edge to win, though ', 'including Oscars for best  director  and best picture. The making gift horse in the mouth," the  director  told The New York Times in October be singers." Lambert lauded  director Tom Hooper  for having the actors perform ', 'focus on the emotional subtext-but the singing was so distracting at times it pulled me out." While he lauded  director Tom Hooper  for having the actors perform live rather than lip synch to a recorded track, he said Hooper should have "sweetened ', 'work. "Annie Hathaway had the idea that she wanted to get her hair cut for real ... which I was amazed at,"  director Tom Hooper  said in the video. "We tried to talk her out of it." To fully transform the actress into her prostitute character ', 'raw and heartfelt,"  Tom Hooper , the Oscar-winning  director  behind the " King \' s Speech ," gushed to USA Today rocker with a soft side.  Director  Adam Shankman ("Hairspray Nine." Dancing for  director  Rob Marshall almost meant ', 'who did craft services for the film."  Tom Hooper \'s Best  Director  win for "The  King \' s Speech " would not have been possible without unproduced, unrehearsed play called \'The  King \' s Speech .\' Now she\'s never been invited to ', 'winner of the Best Actor award for his performance in "The  King \' s Speech ," described the tense countdown to hearing his name called film sparked a strong friendship among Rush, Firth and  director Tom Hooper . The three have joked about their budding "man love ', 'shouting expletives in "The  King \' s Speech :" "I don\'t take original screenplay, "The  King \' s Speech ") on what the award 19-years-old."  Tom Hooper  (winner: best  director , "The  King \' s Speech ") on how he plans celebrate ', '"The  King \' s Speech " continued its winning momentum the award for best actress.  Tom Hooper , the  director  of "The  King \' s Speech ," pulled off a surprising win over "The Social Network"  director  David Fincher. "Speech ', "for eight Oscar nominations and we are fortunate to have the  director  Tom here with us today talk congratulations. Thanks very received as it has been. mean yeah when I was making the  King ' s Speech  I was making a film and produced known Genesee and about ", '-- for eight Oscar nominations and we are fortunate to have the director Tom -- here with us today talk -- congratulations. Thanks very very big success for you. I wanted to ask you a ', "Oscar. Best picture. Estimates of the screenplay best  director  for  Tom Hooper  and for best actor that legal eagle fallen for it. Feeling at his insane it was a respect your elders evening. The  King ' s Speech  screenwriters 73 year old David Seidler. My father always ", 'kings beat the floor Oscar. Best picture. Estimates of the screenplay best director for Tom Hooper and for best actor that legal eagle fallen for it. Feeling -- there is just -- -- -- Admit that the 29 ', "things. They did not nominate  Tom Hooper  for as Iraq which was considered artist right before that it's the  King ' s Speech  right they love it when it's been those in in the race for best  director  I think we can't do that but ", "movie I think hasn't been those in in the race for best director I think we can't do that but so is Ben Affleck. I think we can run through them all weekend they may ", "be singing with Hugh Jackman. And and have to live will be singing with and  Tom Hooper  the  director  of us had just won an Oscar for directing the  King ' s Speech  he did something unique. Instead of having that. Pre recorded music where everybody ", "and have to live will be singing with -- -- -- and Tom Hooper the director of us had just won an Oscar for directing the King's Speech he did something unique. -- -- -- Instead of having ", "If you see yourself in the  King ' s Speech  and it's not doing the acting never and but can't because  Tom Hooper . Was such a very open and collaborative wisdom decided to release the  King ' s Speech  in its PG format not Yeah. But ", "with what -- it comes again. You never and but can't because Tom Hooper . -- -- Was such a very open and collaborative directives and gave us. Just for color and myself we haven't really substantial ", "started job as a retired  director . Magazine carried on my history. I spoke with the  King ' s Speech  acclaimed  director Tom Hooper  about the challenge of tackling attest the and here on the  King ' s Speech  we have this much wonderful ", "upheaval in the country's history. I spoke with the King's Speech acclaimed director Tom Hooper about the challenge of tackling this historical. And royal narrative. -- just tried to happen -- my family for the sake that ", "leading the way. The  King ' s Speech  twelve. That's right picture race between the  King ' s Speech  in the social network that line up for best  director  heavyweights there not David Fincher and  Tom Hooper . And enjoy anything ", "to be president. George Chris how about that line up for best director -- heavyweights there. I know I know and and you certainly you know you got people like there -- -- not -- -- David Fincher and Tom Hooper . And enjoy anything Conan got overlooked by the Golden Globes as well it's so good that even someone like Danny Boyle -- "]