['Entertainment Weekly , by putting the mask on the table and speaking into it while answering questions. He got his co-star  Aaron Paul  to join in the fun, too. Not surprisingly, Paul noted that his co-star was "the most professional person I\'ve ', 'Brooks, a TV historian and former network executive, predicted on the eve of the nominations. They were announced by  Aaron Paul , a previous winner for "Breaking Bad" and nominated again this year, and, in a surprise, Emmy host Neil Patrick ', 'Supporting Actor, Drama Series: Bobby Cannavale, "Boardwalk Empire," HBO; Jonathan Banks, "Breaking Bad," AMC;  Aaron Paul , "Breaking Bad," AMC; Jim Carter, "Downton Abbey," PBS; Peter Dinklage, "Game of Thrones," HBO; Mandy Patinkin ', 'Cards Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series Bobby Cannavale, Boardwalk Empire Johnathan Banks, Breaking Bad  Aaron Paul , Breaking Bad Jim Carter, Downton Abbey Peter Dinklage, Game of Thrones Mandy Patinkin, Homeland Outstanding Supporting ', 'and couldn\'t take off from Santa Fe, where she is on location. Mara had been scheduled to present the awards with  Aaron Paul  of "Breaking Bad." Last year, Nick Offerman of "Parks and Recreation" was unable to co-host with Kerry Washington ', 'getting much sleep right now. At 8:35 a.m. EST, "House of Cards" actress Kate Mara and "Breaking Bad" star  Aaron Paul  will be on hand at the Television Academy\'s Leonard H. Goldenson Theatre in North Hollywood, Calif., to announce ', '(Photo credit: FameFlynet Pictures) On Sunday, "Breaking Bad" star  Aaron Paul  and activist Lauren Parsekian tied the knot in Malibu, Calif., and now we take a sneak peek at their big day. People magazine ', '(Photo credit: FameFlynet Pictures) On Sunday, "Breaking Bad" star  Aaron Paul  and activist Lauren Parsekian tied the knot in Malibu, Calif., and now we take a sneak peek at their big day. People magazine ', "If you watched the Emmy Awards last night , you couldn't help but notice the show-stoppingly sweet moment when  Aaron Paul , 33, thanked his girlfriend during his acceptance speech. Not only was Paul humble and thoroughly surprised to have ", 'Reality-Competition Program: Tom Bergeron, "Dancing With the Stars, ABC." Supporting Actor, Drama Series:  Aaron Paul , "Breaking Bad," AMC. Writing, Drama Series: Alex Gansa, Howard Gordon, Gideon Raff, "Homeland," Showtime ', 'hear the 2013. Primetime Emmy nominations Kate Mara and  Aaron Paul  are going to be giving us the entire rundown this morning hit series. Breaking bad two time Emmy award winner  Aaron Paul . And filling in for Kate this morning three time Emmy ', "It's time to hear the 2013. Primetime Emmy nominations Kate Mara and Aaron Paul are going to be giving us the entire rundown this morning. Live at the Leonard H Goldenson theatre in Hollywood. Arts and ", "stars of AMC's hit series. Breaking bad two time Emmy award winner Aaron Paul . And filling in for Kate this morning three time Emmy award winner and host of this year's primetime Emmy Awards. Neil Patrick ", "Going out on top. Scott Amendola you know outside from the release of the you personally it's it's great it's it's unbelievable I. It's. Once I mean and you know there's. People who for whatever reason inside watching you. Here's the name call got emotions spill area yeah yeah I actually listen. I", 'sort of inspired by her own life. I have an all star cast here now we have a really amazing cast really lucky we have  Aaron Paul  for breaking bad Mary Elizabeth Winston Scott Pilgrim Octavia Spencer the help. Nick offerman park and recreation Megan ', 'here now we have a really amazing cast really lucky we have Aaron Paul for breaking bad Mary Elizabeth Winston Scott Pilgrim Octavia Spencer -- the help. Nick offerman park and recreation Megan Mullally who is ', 'with the best comedy wit. Next stop, the amc party. Good morning, america! Reporter: Where "breaking bad" winner  aaron paul  was working the crowd. Overnight, no dancing on the ceiling. But jon hamm, "breaking bad\'s" bryan cranston ', 'stop, the amc party. Good morning, america! Reporter: Where "breaking bad" winner aaron paul was working the crowd. Overnight, no dancing on the ceiling. But jon hamm, "breaking bad\'s" bryan cranston, just shooting the breeze. Over ', "group of girls ranging in ages from five to eight years old to get their perspective why do you wanna eat healthy. Okay  Aaron Paul  earns pulls them. Yeah I feel about people who are overweight. It feels that someone's way. Do you ever hear your ", "old to get their perspective why do you wanna eat healthy. Okay Aaron Paul earns pulls them. -- Yeah I feel about people who are overweight. It feels that someone's way. -- -- -- -- Do ", 'fashion on the runway in London a bottle proved walking in a straight line is harder than it seems Emmy award winning actor  Aaron Paul  actress Sarah Jessica Parker Tennessee Serena Williams got more than and I pull it. Burglaries London Fashion Week show ', 'a straight line is harder than it seems Emmy award winning actor Aaron Paul actress Sarah Jessica Parker Tennessee Serena Williams got more than and I pull it. Burglaries London Fashion Week show a model had ']