['   Most of us know there\'s a good chance we\'ll have enough to eat next month, says an expert, but rational thought is frequently overruled by the limbic system\'s "me, now" imperative. STORY HIGHLIGHTS Expert: Education and awareness not necessarily the key to better eating  Two brain systems govern decision of what to eat: emotional and analytical  Consumers are bombarded by cues that trigger instinctive as opposed to conscious eating  Tricks --like using smaller plates, taller but thinner glasses and putting food out of sight-- help  (CookingLight.com) -- Among all the ways to change your diet for the better, portion control sounds like the one thought up by a pocket-protector-wearing nutrition nerd patrolling the school cafeteria. To be portion-preoccupied means to be tyrannized by food scales and little tape measures: Is this chicken breast bigger than a pack of cards? Portion policing runs against the ideal of a relaxed, balanced, real-world diet in which healthy food choices bring satisfaction without too much worry about quantity. But the man whose research introduced the world to the 100-calorie snack pack -- now a multimillion-dollar slice of the food market -- begs to differ. To Cornell University food psychologist Brian Wansink, Ph.D., portion awareness is the key to making sure that more of the 200 food choices we make each day are closer to what our thinking brain -- as opposed to our instinctive brain -- would like. The cards are stacked against most Americans. Our bodies think we\'re still hunter-gatherers threatened by imminent famine at the end of every season -- even as we drive the minivan to Costco. Our supermarkets offer tens of thousands of products, often sold in packages that could feed a small nomadic tribe. Cookinglight.com: 10 healthy habits for 2010  "When it comes to portion control, you can count on your brain not being very interested and your body not being very well calibrated," Wansink says. Result: We often overeat in 100-or 200-calorie increments, which over time adds up to a weight gain that seems like a mystery to the eater. And here\'s the rub, according to Wansink: Most of us know what we\'re supposed to eat, and how much of it. We just ignore what we know. We eat, he says, "mindlessly." ', "Everybody knows you're supposed to eat an apple instead of a candy bar, but it's not going to happen without help.--Brian Wansink, Ph.D., food psychologist"]