["Oscar. Best picture. Estimates of the screenplay best  director  for  Tom Hooper  and for best actor that legal eagle fallen for it. Feeling at his insane it was a respect your elders evening. The  King ' s Speech  screenwriters 73 year old David Seidler. My father always ", 'kings beat the floor Oscar. Best picture. Estimates of the screenplay best director for Tom Hooper and for best actor that legal eagle fallen for it. Feeling -- there is just -- -- -- Admit that the 29 ', "things. They did not nominate  Tom Hooper  for as Iraq which was considered artist right before that it's the  King ' s Speech  right they love it when it's been those in in the race for best  director  I think we can't do that but ", "movie I think hasn't been those in in the race for best director I think we can't do that but so is Ben Affleck. I think we can run through them all weekend they may ", "be singing with Hugh Jackman. And and have to live will be singing with and  Tom Hooper  the  director  of us had just won an Oscar for directing the  King ' s Speech  he did something unique. Instead of having that. Pre recorded music where everybody ", "and have to live will be singing with -- -- -- and Tom Hooper the director of us had just won an Oscar for directing the King's Speech he did something unique. -- -- -- Instead of having ", "If you see yourself in the  King ' s Speech  and it's not doing the acting never and but can't because  Tom Hooper . Was such a very open and collaborative wisdom decided to release the  King ' s Speech  in its PG format not Yeah. But ", "with what -- it comes again. You never and but can't because Tom Hooper . -- -- Was such a very open and collaborative directives and gave us. Just for color and myself we haven't really substantial ", "started job as a retired  director . Magazine carried on my history. I spoke with the  King ' s Speech  acclaimed  director Tom Hooper  about the challenge of tackling attest the and here on the  King ' s Speech  we have this much wonderful ", "upheaval in the country's history. I spoke with the King's Speech acclaimed director Tom Hooper about the challenge of tackling this historical. And royal narrative. -- just tried to happen -- my family for the sake that ", "leading the way. The  King ' s Speech  twelve. That's right picture race between the  King ' s Speech  in the social network that line up for best  director  heavyweights there not David Fincher and  Tom Hooper . And enjoy anything ", "to be president. George Chris how about that line up for best director -- heavyweights there. I know I know and and you certainly you know you got people like there -- -- not -- -- David Fincher and Tom Hooper . And enjoy anything Conan got overlooked by the Golden Globes as well it's so good that even someone like Danny Boyle -- ", "that usually determines these things. They did not nominate  Tom Hooper  for as Iraq which was considered Lincoln's big competition year's winner is the artist right before that it's the  King ' s Speech  right they love it when it's Peary they love it when it's ", "the directors guild that usually determines these things. They did not nominate Tom Hooper for -- as Iraq which was considered Lincoln's big competition. Yep that's not looking good for not a -- -- Lincoln in ", "Geoffrey Rush and the  King ' s Speech . For best performance network. part in the  King ' s Speech . And James Franco Russell for the fighter.  Tom Hooper  for the speech. David David side for the  King ' s Speech . Each. For adapted ", '-- not speak for Black Swan. David O. Russell for the fighter. Tom Hooper for the -- speech. David Fincher for the social network. And -- Cohen anything calling for true grit. The best original screenplay. ', 'Actor and  director  show Peter Travers why  Tom Hooper  erred in his casting decisions.', "critical the academy snubbed  director  Ben Affleck its latest endeavor kill Osama bin Laden. The  director 's category was I think a shocking and then you've got  Tom Hooper . Who directed which a lot into the final five for best  director . Then cyclones beasts of ", "year's Oscar outcasts. Directors voting on this year's Oscar nominations for best director may not have appreciated this line from Fargo. Confusion revered director and a few teacher -- a -- contributor current. Ignoring box office success and critical -- the academy snubbed director Ben Affleck its latest endeavor. What's your middle name -- -- shooting he's an American -- He also snubbed Kathryn Bigelow zero dark thirty about the plot to find and kill Osama bin Laden. The director's category was I think a shock to everybody in Hollywood to back -- both of them left off the list is pretty shocking and then you've got Tom Hooper . Who directed -- -- -- which a lot of people love. Tom -- is -- is also shut out from restaurant. -- to Quentin Tarantino's Django. -- all horror movies are up for best picture go figure. Academy can be fickle instead -- the blockbusters to small independent movies got into the final five for best director . Then cyclones beasts of the southern wild and Michael -- -- -- -- blue moon isn't. The -- -- a foreign language ", 'was passed over for the wizard books. Alfred Hitchcock never won best director . Although he was nominated for Psycho and four other films. In recent history I think the biggest shocker of all time. Was ', 'Sally Field and best  director  for Steven Spielberg biggest shock came and best  director  thirties Kathryn Bigelow Affleck finally mrs.  Tom Hooper  were all passed over were not granted best  director  nominations are the result ', 'actor for Tommy Lee Jones supporting actress for Sally Field and best director for Steven Spielberg. -- -- -- rob learned eight nominations in all with Hugh Jackman up for best actor and then have to wait for best supporting actress. And silver linings playbook also earned eight with four acting nominations including Jennifer Lawrence for best actress and Bradley Cooper for best actor -- The biggest shock came and best director -- -- -- thirties Kathryn Bigelow. -- -- Ben Affleck finally mrs. Tom Hooper were all passed over despite multiple nominations for all those films including best picture -- -- With no acting nominations Ang -- ', "ten and -- means a lot of them were not granted best director nominations are the result so it's a wide open race is so we used to see you once upon a time when ", "at eight Oscar nominee. For acting nominations -- tremendous performance or screenplay director best -- to be swept all the major categories right they've got to be thrilled the title picture that never thought it ", "on in Zurich after as a rock feel to make the cut for best  director  really works against. So let's talk about that's a major out for he was also expected Ben Affleck Quinton Tarantino.  Tom Hooper  friendly news route. it works against them for the best picture ", "after -- as a rock feel to make the cut for best director really works against. So let's talk about that's a major -- in this category Kathryn Bigelow for zero dark thirty what are we have to say about that. Yet it's a surprise you want -- were Hurt Locker. And was widely expected to be a strong contender against Steven Spielberg in this category. And yet she's shut out of a nomination here and then we've also we also have. Ben Affleck set out for -- he was also expected Ben Affleck Quinton Tarantino. Tom Hooper friendly news -- route. -- it works against them for the best picture race as well because no film excuse the only ", "Broadway musical in his Iraq is coming to the big screen and stars are lining up to be part of it. Oscar winning  director Tom Hooper  thirty gotten Russell Crowe Hugh Jackman and have to wait and Geoffrey Rush confirmed and now word. that's is ", "and stars are lining up to be part of it. Oscar winning director Tom Hooper thirty gotten Russell Crowe Hugh Jackman and have to wait and Geoffrey Rush confirmed and now word. -- that's -- is being ", 'were indeed category for best while the Oscar would have to go to Meredith Cooper mother of the best  director . Accepting his Oscar  Tom Hooper  described how his mom actually discovered the speech what she did because she came home grown and home ', 'Oscar would have to go to Meredith Cooper mother of the best director . Accepting his Oscar Tom Hooper described how his mom actually discovered the -- speech -- what she did because she came home grown -- and -- home. ']