['will be 60 seconds long and was helmed by British  director  Jake Scott, who has mostly worked on music videos. Scott is the nephew of the late film  director Tony Scott , who directed " Top Gun ." "As the marketing event of the year, the ', 'Director Tony Scott  died from multiple blunt Scott\'s Aug. 19 death as a  suicide . The 68-year-old " Top Gun "  director  reportedly left messages reported that  director Tony Scott  had inoperable brain cancer ', 'The family of  director Tony Scott , who died Sunday after jumping ABC News had reported the  director  of films such as " Top Gun ," "Days of Thunder" and " Crimson Tide " had inoperable brain cancer ', 'director Tony Scott  \'s death Scott on " Top Gun " and "Days Scott\'s  suicide  broke. Police 68-year-old  director  of " Crimson Tide ," "True Romance" and " Unstoppable ," jumped information. A  suicide  note was confirm that  Tony Scott  has passed collaborator with  Denzel Washington  , working ', 'of the morning. 1.  Director Tony Scott  Dies After Jumping off Bridge Famed film  director Tony Scott  has jumped to his death Sunday. The British  director  is known for Hollywood blockbusters like " Top Gun ," and "Beverly Hills ', 'Tony Scott ,  director  of " Top Gun ," "Days and " Crimson Tide ," died directing " Top Gun ," starring worked with  Denzel Washington , most recently 2010 film " Unstoppable ." They Sunday,  director  Ron Howard No more  Tony Scott  movies ', 'AP Photo Hey, fans of " Top Gun ," ahem, or just Maverick Dubai, he told MTV that " Top Gun \'s"  director - producer duo  Tony Scott  and Jerry Bruckheimer were named Maverick who is sent to  Top Gun  Naval Flying School and falls ', 'fill top executive positions from outside the company.  Tony Scott , who most recently was CIO at Walt Disney, will take since last July include: Dan Reed, Microsoft Research  director  of scalable and multi-core computing in November; Robert ', 'Randi Dorman, group  director  at Interbrand, a New our global creative  director  for Clairol, came into commercials, directed by  Tony Scott , the very latest in trendiness the executive creative  director , and Deyna Vesey, my ', 'of the iconic painter. Instead, Lopez is reportedly getting more than $10 million to star as an FBI agent for  director Tony Scott  in the Warner Bros. crime thriller Taking Lives, according to Variety. The project, which once had Cate Blanchett ', 'of the iconic painter. Instead, Lopez is reportedly getting more than $10 million to star as an FBI agent for  director Tony Scott  in the Warner Bros. crime thriller Taking Lives, according to Variety. The project, which once had Cate Blanchett ', 'of the iconic painter. Instead, Lopez is reportedly getting more than $10 million to star as an FBI agent for  director Tony Scott  in the Warner Bros. crime thriller Taking Lives, according to Variety. The project, which once had Cate Blanchett ', 'of the iconic painter. Instead, Lopez is reportedly getting more than $10 million to star as an FBI agent for  director Tony Scott  in the Warner Bros. crime thriller Taking Lives, according to Variety. The project, which once had Cate Blanchett ', 'tragic note the  director  of  top gun  and several other or heard about  Crimson Tide  man on fire days of thunder  Tony Scott  took his own reported he left a  suicide  note inside his research but again  Tony Scott  taking his own ', "And welcome back and we -- began -- -- tragic note the director of top gun and several other movies you've probably seen or heard about Crimson Tide man on fire. Beverly Hills cop two days of thunder Tony Scott took his own life. In San Pedro according to the daily breeze he -- defense. On the south side of the -- -- a -- and jumped off without hesitation around 12:30 PM on Sunday. -- newspaper reported he left a suicide note inside his black Toyota Prius which was parked and the bridges eastbound lanes again this happened. And San Pedro California and in that one of our producers Jack she and had something to say about him he was a founding member of member of -- films which is Ridley -- associates along with his brother and they were premier sponsor for the fireflies tour which reached can't raise tons of money rather for leukemia research but again Tony Scott taking his own life sadly. Com -- Sunday afternoon at -- California. -- talk about NBC they appear to be still and ", "Denzel Washington  won Academy Awards for his roles sneak this weekend it's called  unstoppable . That will have you on the edge And you really when you work with  Tony Scott . The  director  which you've worked with a few ", "and it's out of control. And you really when you work with Tony Scott . The director which you've worked with a few films you know you've -- to be hands on and that's really want to -- the ", 'Oscar winner  Denzel Washington  dazzled us on film and stage behind of a new thriller deja Vu and  Denzel Washington . Joins us now good morning it a thriller did you see it is.  Tony Scott  calls science fact. He he was ', "Oscar winner Denzel Washington dazzled us on film and stage behind the cameras -- now. He is now back in front of the camera pulling off -- -- that he has never attempted before to my knowledge. To go back in time it's all part of a new thriller deja Vu and Denzel Washington . Joins us now good morning it is so good to see you good to be seen by you you go back in time to rescue a young woman then who. Not surprisingly perhaps. Attracts your attention right away is when you read -- the first time did you see -- sites which one did you see it -- a thriller did you see it is. Tony Scott calls -- science fact. He -- he was he was more interested in basing it in. Faction if you will. The fact ", "That he negative factor want to go back for another round the navy's secret weapon school. Now with original  director Tony Scott  on board Tom is thank Looking very wealthy average back in the cockpit. In fact scripts in the works from the guy ", "back for another round the navy's secret weapon school. Now with original director Tony Scott on board Tom is thank -- Looking very wealthy -- average back in the cockpit. In fact -- scripts -- in the ", "Fox TV I was a huge family and growing up so plus I really love that guy that loves. Okay and know about  Tony Scott  who's the  director  who plan ahead took his own life jumping from a bridge back to California on Sunday a lot of people are wondering ", "plus I really love that guy that loves. Okay and know about Tony Scott who's the director who plan ahead took his own life jumping from a bridge back to California on Sunday a lot of people are wondering ", 'about all of busted in five all of us is by. Ridley and  Tony Scott  executive producers have MacDonald the  director  last summer what they did is ask for YouTube submissions ', 'all of busted in five all of us is by. Ridley and Tony Scott executive producers have MacDonald the director last summer what they did is ask for YouTube submissions from all over the world to build one film about. One day ']