['She says even with insurance though, many Americans remain underinsured, so more people are educating themselves on the options. "It\'s all about affordability, quality and access," Johnson says. "Something they don\'t find as often here." See this chart for price comparisons of standard procedures in the U.S. versus the prices overseas. Before you hop on a plane Sure, the prices are affordable. But is it safe? Experts say before you hop on a plane, there are a few important things to take into consideration. 1. Know your legal rights "Each country has a different legal system," points out Nathan Cortez, assistant law professor at Southern Methodist University and author of a 2009 study looking at the legal risks of medical tourism. "If something goes wrong, you don\'t have the same legal recourse as you have in the United States." He advises travelers to research the legal system of the country they are visiting and at least be familiar with what their rights are if something goes wrong.  "In some countries, there are structural disadvantages to bringing about a lawsuit," he explains. "For example, if you sue a physician in Singapore and lose the case, you may have to pay the physician\'s legal fees." Cortez also says to make sure that you will be able to access and bring back your medical records from the hospital you visited. 2. Make sure the hospital is accredited Here\'s a list of hospitals accredited through the Joint Commission International. The joint commission inspects facilities to make sure they meet the necessary standards. 3. Negotiate locally one more time "It\'s a real issue with the economics of health care," says Derek Fitteron, president and of the group Medical Cost Advocate. "But people can make it economically work by staying in the U.S." He says his group has helped to bargain down prices for many people who want to find affordable care in their own ZIP code. When Fitteron\'s team investigated the cost of the procedure Godfrey Davies underwent, for example, they found that on the high end, the price should have been no more than about $17,850 in his state. When CNN contacted the hospital about Davies\' case, officials agreed. "We inadvertently provided an incorrect quote for the consumer," a hospital spokesman wrote in an e-mail. "The actual procedure price was less than half of what we initially quoted." Fitteron says self-pay patients are "getting really aggressively overcharged," as hospitals are trying to subsidize for money lost on things such as Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements. Davies, who is originally from Wales and has been a U.S. citizen since 2002, says he was disappointed about having to travel more than 4,200 miles for such a simple procedure. But ultimately money was the deciding factor. "$33,000 versus $3,600 ... I can put up with a lot of inconvenience to save that kind of money." CNN\'s Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report. ']