['attempts at serious roles, Carrey returns to slapstick in  Bruce Almighty , playing a TV reporter from Buffalo endowed with the Man on the Moon and The Majestic while reuniting with  Tom Shadyac , the director of Ace Ventura: Pet Detective and Liar ', 'Now in theaters:  Bruce Almighty , The In-Laws and autobiographical about  Bruce Almighty . In real life, Jim films were bombs. In  Bruce Almighty , Carrey is reunited with  Tom Shadyac , the director who ', 'also states that Stiller would like to reunite with his Meet the Parents director, Jay Roach, and has also mentioned  Tom Shadyac  (Patch Adams) and Todd Phillips (Road Trip).', 'also states that Stiller would like to reunite with his Meet the Parents director, Jay Roach, and has also mentioned  Tom Shadyac  (Patch Adams) and Todd Phillips (Road Trip).', 'also states that Stiller would like to reunite with his Meet the Parents director, Jay Roach, and has also mentioned  Tom Shadyac  (Patch Adams) and Todd Phillips (Road Trip).', 'also states that Stiller would like to reunite with his Meet the Parents director, Jay Roach, and has also mentioned  Tom Shadyac  (Patch Adams) and Todd Phillips (Road Trip).', 'was less than thrilled about filming love scenes with the much older, much more conservative Costner. Costner will instead star as a heartbroken doctor in Dragonfly, a big-budget drama to be helmed by Patch Adams director  Tom Shadyac .', 'was less than thrilled about filming love scenes with the much older, much more conservative Costner. Costner will instead star as a heartbroken doctor in Dragonfly, a big-budget drama to be helmed by Patch Adams director  Tom Shadyac .', 'was less than thrilled about filming love scenes with the much older, much more conservative Costner. Costner will instead star as a heartbroken doctor in Dragonfly, a big-budget drama to be helmed by Patch Adams director  Tom Shadyac .', 'was less than thrilled about filming love scenes with the much older, much more conservative Costner. Costner will instead star as a heartbroken doctor in Dragonfly, a big-budget drama to be helmed by Patch Adams director  Tom Shadyac .', 'is in talks to star as a heartbroken doctor in Dragonfly, a $75 million drama to be helmed by Patch Adams director  Tom Shadyac , Variety reports. It would be the second sawbones part in a year for the floundering Costner, who portrays a disaster-relief ', 'is in talks to star as a heartbroken doctor in Dragonfly, a $75 million drama to be helmed by Patch Adams director  Tom Shadyac , Variety reports. It would be the second sawbones part in a year for the floundering Costner, who portrays a disaster-relief ', "pet detective. can happen I'll go to  the nutty professor . Liar liar she. Probably. In  Bruce almighty  who leash. How. Films that the bills documentary to explore his feelings it's cold  I am . There I was standing in the house in ", "-- -- Ventura pet detective. -- -- can happen I'll go to the nutty professor . Liar liar she. Probably. In Bruce almighty who leash. How. Films that -- the bills and then sound. My films and Christian short -- two billion dollars. So I'm "]