['happening in a city. What set it off. Also following this verdict which many people objected to what came to be called the  LA riots  what other people the only uprising. All began in the streets of south central Los who The murder and destruction. In the ', 'verdict which many people objected to what came to be called the LA riots what other people -- the only uprising. All began in the streets of south central Los who -- The murder and destruction. ', "hormone replacement therapy and becoming a woman. The 53 year old Robert soon to be we made his name and that air covering that  LA riots  and PDs slow speed pursuit of OJ Simpson's white bronco. 35 days into the air beat Turk who dated Star actress Carrie Fisher ", "to be -- we made his name and that air covering that LA riots and -- PDs slow speed pursuit of OJ Simpson's white bronco. 35 days into the air beat Turk who dated Star -- ", "Police suggest cause of death after face of 1991's  L.A .  riots  died in a pool.", 'distaste for one another deserves special recognition. A  Los Angeles riots  of 1992. Exposed as much as anything a lack of leadership Angeles. It remains only to be noted that the cost of the  Los Angeles riots  was terribly high sixty dead now. 2383. Injured. 25000 ', 'their rivalry in their distaste for one another deserves special recognition. A Los Angeles riots of 1992. Exposed as much as anything a lack of leadership. Not simply the leadership to contain the violence sort of put down riots. But a leadership that has inadequately addressed the deep seated problems that confront this city. And that exploded on the streets of Los Angeles. It remains only to be noted that the cost of the Los Angeles riots was terribly high sixty dead now. 2383. Injured. 25000. Jobs temporarily lost 735. Million dollars in damage and worst of all. No ', 'team. The elite law enforcement units hundreds of police departments have since imitated. But He came to national attention in 1991 as Los Angeles police chief. During the Rodney King beating trial and the violence  LA riots  that followed.', '-- police chief. During the Rodney King beating trial and the violence LA riots that followed. ', 'But He came to national attention in 1991 as Los Angeles police chief. During the Rodney King beating trial and the violence  LA riots  that followed. Seeing getting beaten on that in that intersection and no one responded. That will be with me for the rest ', '-- police chief. During the Rodney King beating trial and the violence LA riots that followed. Seeing -- getting beaten on that in that intersection and no one responded. That will be with me for the ', "Washington. And knock the hell out of the place. Dan Quayle was the worst vice president in history. He thought the Murphy Brown  LA riots  he that you could breathe on Mars and didn't that he was living in the twentieth century. And intelligence. Is hereditary ", "the worst vice president in history. He thought the Murphy Brown -- LA riots he -- that you could breathe on Mars and didn't -- that he was living in the twentieth century. And intelligence. Is ", 'was in nineteen and what about Nancy Kerrigan attacked. Something that interested you. In January 6 nineteen our two. The  LA riots . That started and I spokesman him. Unabomber. Arrested Ted Kaczynski People sir fourth and April 4 1956. Annual night ', 'Something that interested you. In January 6 nineteen our -- two. The LA riots . That started and I spokesman -- him. Unabomber. Arrested Ted Kaczynski -- -- People sir fourth and April 4 1956. Annual -- ']