['murder . The  murder  of a popular accused in the  murder  of lil phat investigation by the  fbi  itself after obstructed the  murder  case while a russian  mafia  boss in new name the  crime  he did it became a major  organized crime  terror in ', "man with some hot wheels. Reporter: This is a story about a murder . The murder of a popular atlanta rapper called lil phat. And about a fascination with a russian mobster turned russian informant. Mani chulpayev accused in the murder of lil phat, something he strongly denies. There is no reason to be afraid of me. I'm the nicest guy you'll ever meet. Reporter: And dante jackson, now under investigation by the fbi itself after allegations he obstructed the murder case while receiving extravagant gifts from his informant. It's nice to have an fbi agent that is looking over your shoulder, I guess. Reporter: Our abc news investigation into all this began months ago in fort ", 'of luxury cars, including a half million rolls-royce, that protected under the fbi he had returned to his criminal ways. How can we rely on what you are saying? Because I stand behind what i ', "benefits. I went to school to show off. He became a major organized crime terror in new york, ultimately making millions of dollars. What have you been convicted of? I was convicted of, you know, running a -- being in an organized crime group back in the days. Arson? Arson. Kidnapping? Kidnapping. Extortion? Conspiracy to call that. Reporter: Convicted as one of the men behind the arson that destroyed this supermarket. But to avoid a long prison term or deportation, chulpayev quickly made a deal to cooperate with the government and the fbi and rat out his partners in crime . You were convicted of crimes that could have put you in prison for life? Yes. Could have led to your deportation? Yes. None of that happened. Of course because i cooperated. You took the fbi's way out? My way out, yes. Reporter: At the time the fbi and prosecutors said chulpayev was one of the most important witnesses ever against the russian mob. Now despite his tattoo, the inform ability says he does have one regret. Given your background did it bother you to be known as a snitch, a rat? Of course. It still bothers me to this day. But it worked. After his testimony he was set free, moved to atlanta and promised protection by the fbi . That was 2002. Who was the atlanta man hiding these stolen cars? Reporter: Just three years later chulpayev was back to his ", 'a best drive  FBI informant  whose life is story about a  murder . The  murder mobster turned  FBI  informed me back And about the  FBI  agent in the as a Russian  mafia  boss in New York prostitutes you the  crime  you know he did ', "it up from zero. What makes eagle for a best drive -- FBI informant whose life is about to spin out of control. And now would still be a visit to a -- -- with some hot wheels. This is a story about a murder . The murder of a popular Atlanta rapper called little -- what -- also yeah. Yeah. Yeah. -- -- -- in the -- nation. And about a high living former Russian mobster turned FBI informed me back out. Many Chicago. Accused in the murder of little -- Something he strongly denies there's no reason to be afraid of -- on the nicest guy eleven news. And about the FBI agent in the Atlanta office who wish of -- hands. Dante Jackson -- -- under investigation by the FBI itself after allegations he obstructed the murder case while receiving extravagant gifts. It's nice to have an FBI agent and that's looking over your shoulder I guess. Our ABC news investigation into all this began months ago in Fort Lauderdale. ", "And with a well documented record of ruthless violence as a Russian mafia boss in New York. Beat -- people had terrorist mindset threatening to extorting kidnapping muggings torturing people. New York lawyer Ben Bachmann came to notion -- well when he cross examine him about his crimes and how bad was it. On a scale of one to ten probably a hundred. Pimping young women were kept -- this is threatening to kill their families in the Soviet Union if they didn't. Work as prostitutes you -- the crime you know he did it. For all his criminal convictions -- volumes could be serving life in prison for at least deported to Russia but he is not. Instead we found him leading a life of luxury and fancy cars in south floor. One day and a red Ferrari. The next day a silver Mercedes the next -- top of the line -- All thanks to the FBI and federal prosecutors who again and again have protected him and kept him on the streets as an informant and government. Witness ", "way out of his latest troubles and allegations. That protected by the FBI he had returned to his violent criminal ways. How can we rely anything you're saying. How can you rely -- because I'm ", 'He thought  the mafia  is just a movies. The  FBI  reminded us laundering to  murder . Pierre Thomas fictional  mafia  leader Tony about fifty  mafia  members behind killed the  Cosa Nostra  in the US dead Italian  mafia  will still ', "-- -- He is a former mobster. Who helped put about fifty mafia members behind bars you're always concerned about retribution. And big -- take on whether today's massive arrests. Would truly wounded or killed the Cosa Nostra in the US. The Italian mobs not dead now they'll never be dead. Because as long as there's people out there to gamble. Go to prostitutes. And borrow money. There's always going to be somebody to cater to -- you'll be dead and I'll be dead -- Italian mafia will still be here. So George I guess the short answer is forget about -- I was wondering if you're gonna go ", 'find his remains over the years and now  FBI  agents are scouring field in suburban union boss who allegedly had ties to  the mafia . Vanished from a Detroit restaurant for the price tag on this search. The  FBI  says this is costing no more than the ', "38 years. Hoffa the former union boss who allegedly had ties to the mafia . Vanished from a Detroit restaurant back in 1975. They don't wanna get anything his disappearance has led to wild Gruber. And even ", 'mobster turned  FBI informant  back to his about a The  murder  of an Atlanta Accused in the  murder  of little obstructed the  murder  case while a Russian  mafia  boss in New about his  crime  was how bad became a major  organized crime  terror a ', "that in. This is a special edition of Nightline a mobster a murder . And the FBI . Thanks for being with us tonight I'm -- -- and we have the story of a Russian mobster turned FBI informant . Turned Floridian Playboy -- now accused of aiding in the murder of a rap star. But sounds like -- whole novel plot is a startling piece of unraveling nonfiction. Complete with fast cars and violence and backroom deals in here to tell it. ABC's chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross. This is a story about a -- The murder of an Atlanta rapper called move back to what she will also -- -- I -- -- little. -- -- -- -- -- And about a high living former Russian mobster turned FBI and -- Many Chicago. Accused in the murder of little back. Something he strongly denies there is no reason to be afraid -- -- the nicest guy eleven me. And about the FBI agent in the Atlanta office foolish of volumes tennis -- Jackson. Now under investigation by the FBI itself after allegations he obstructed the murder case -- while receiving an extravagant gifts. It's nice to have an FBI agent that it's looking over your shoulder I guess. Our ABC news Nightline investigation into all this began months ago in Fort ", "And with a well documented record of ruthless violence as a Russian mafia boss in New York. Beat up people as terrorists mindset threatening to extorting kidnapping muggings torturing people. Audio lawyer Ben Batman came to -- -- -- well when he cross examine him about his crime was how bad policy. On a scale of one to ten probably a hundred. Pimping young women -- kept captive and threatening to kill their families in the Soviet Union if they didn't. Work as prostitutes you name the crime you know he did it. For all his criminal convictions -- volume could be serving life in prison or at least deported to Russia. But he is not instead we found him leading a life of luxury and fancy cars and south floor. One day in a red Ferrari the next day a silver Mercedes the next top of the line range. All thanks to the FBI and federal prosecutors who again and again have protected him and kept him on the street as an informant and government. Witness ", "way out of his latest troubles and allegations. That protected by the FBI he had returned to his violent criminal ways. How can we rely anything -- -- How can utilize because I'm saying -- ", 'mobster turned  FBI informant  turned Floridian about a The  murder  of an Atlanta Accused in the  murder  of Something obstructed the  murder  case and a Russian  mafia  boss in New about his  crime  was how bad became a major  organized crime  terror in ', "We have the story of a Russian mobster turned FBI informant turned Floridian Playboy -- now accused of aiding in the murder of a rap star. What sounds like -- -- novel plot is a startling piece of unraveling nonfiction. Complete with fast cars and violence and backroom deals in here to tell it. ABC's chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross. This is a story about a -- The murder of an Atlanta restaurants called move back to what she will also -- I -- -- little. -- -- -- -- -- And about a high living former Russian mobster turned FBI and work. About its many Chevalier. Accused in the murder of -- Something he strongly denies there's no reason to be afraid -- -- the nicest guy eleven me. And about the FBI agent in the Atlanta office foolish of volumes -- -- Jackson. Now under investigation by the FBI -- itself. After allegations he obstructed the murder case and while receiving an extravagant gifts this inform them. It's nice to have an FBI agent that's looking over your shoulder I -- Our ABC news Nightline investigation into all of this began months ago in Fort ", "And with a well documented record of ruthless violence as a Russian mafia boss in New York. Beat up people as terrorists mindset. Threatening to extorting kidnapping muggings torturing people. New York lawyer Ben Batman came to notion -- -- well when he cross examine him about his crime was how bad was. On a scale of one to ten probably a hundred. Pimping young women -- -- kept captive -- threatening to kill their families in the Soviet Union if they didn't. Work as prostitutes you -- the crime you know he did it. For all his criminal convictions -- volume could be serving life in prison -- at least deported to Russia but he is not. Instead we found him leading a life of luxury and fancy cars and south -- One day in a red Ferrari the next day a silver Mercedes the next top of the line range. All thanks to the FBI and federal prosecutors who again and again have protected him and kept him on the streets as an informant and government. Witness ", "way out of his latest troubles and allegations. That protected by the FBI he had returned to his violent criminal ways and how can we rely anything -- -- How can you -- because I'm ", "figure in the  Sicilian mafia  has been captured dons in the  Sicilian mafia  the country's the Corleone  crime  family headquartered enhanced by  FBI  computers friend of  FBI  director William battle against  organized crime  in  the mafia . But  mafia", "In Italy today the most powerful figure in the Sicilian mafia has been captured Italian police have been trying to find him. For 23 years here's ABC's Tim O'Brien. One car bombs killed two anti mafia prosecutors in Sicily last year Italian authorities were humiliated and vowed revenge. They intensified their search for the man believed to have been behind these killings and dozens more. Today they got him. Salvatore arena the Don of dons in the Sicilian mafia the country's number one fugitive who had evaded police since 1969. With the help of informers -- located -- hideout and waited and -- ventured out into this Palermo neighborhood this morning with just one bodyguard. He was on armed and when surrounded by police offered no resistance. -- -- the Corleone crime family headquartered in the Sicilian village of the same name and made famous in the godfather movies. Police say He -- what amounted to a board of directors of a deadly multibillion dollar drug trafficking and extortion ring. The FBI and Italian law enforcement work together on the case an Italian officials credited the bureau with helping their investigation. A twenty year old photograph of Reno was enhanced by FBI computers to show what He might look like today and that helped Italian police find him. One of the Italian judges rate is suspected of killing was a personal friend of FBI director William Sessions. Probably the most significant arrests certainly floor of the Italians. In the history of the battle against organized crime in the mafia But mafia killing will not end with -- arrest Italian authorities are warning of turf wars and retaliation. Once that we have captured a dangerous -- -- so. But we have not defeated the mafia Tim O'Brien ABC news Washington. ", "fight against  organized crime  them though operations against  the mafia  in the  FBI 's history phenomenal.  Colombo Gambino .  Genovese  and campus acts from  murder  and nor trafficking two other  murder  victims allegedly battle against  organized crime  enterprises by these  mafia  members during ", "Rhode Island. This is one of the largest single day operations against the mafia in the FBI's history both in terms of -- Number of defendants arrested and charged in the school of the criminal activity that is the latest. Defendants from numerous local -- for families have been charged including defendants from all five New York -- -- -- phenomenal. Colombo Gambino . Genovese and -- campus. We have charged mob associates. And mob boss' life including the former Boston locals -- operations in New England. -- -- Acting -- -- often completely area of the Colombo him. And you can -- -- only -- -- and a member. Definitely ruling -- Their alleged crimes include numerous violent and illegal acts from murder and nor -- trafficking extortion. -- legal gambling -- loan sharking and labor racketeering. Now some of the allegations involved classic market eliminate perceived right. Others involved who beat senseless murders in one instance -- victim was allegedly shot and killed during a -- robbery. And two other murder victims allegedly were shot in a public bar. Because -- would dispute over a field right. But chart for more activity reflects the -- -- continued influence in various economic -- factors and it's slick schemes you. Your money by preying on vulnerable Americans. One of broad scheme carried out by the Colombo Crime Family. Allegedly defrauded consumers with more credit histories. One time payments that consumers believe the -- were making to secure loans. Other charges allege that the crime films extorted money from various labor union members including local. Local chapters will review of his national won't forming associations. In the country -- here in New York. You know today's arrest marked an important and encouraging step forward in disrupting let customers whose operations. But the reality is that our battle against organized crime enterprises is far from home. This is an on going -- and it must and will remain tough priority for all of us in won't force. Members & Associates what was -- -- -- -- among the most dangerous. North country. You very old the -- worn by these mafia members during their initiation ceremony calling them for life. Now as we've seen for decades criminal mafia operations can negatively impact our economy. Not only three wide variety of broad -- but also through the legal position. On what ", "the history the  FBI  and one of the bring down the  Gambino Crime  Family. a federal by today's  FBI . From traditional violence and  organized crime . To protecting of victims of  crime . What they go disrupt or how many  criminals  we bring to justice ", "exceptionally qualified to handle the full range of challenges faced by today's FBI From traditional threats like violence and organized crime . To protecting. Civil rights and children from exploitation. To meeting transnational challenges like terrorism and cyber threats. I just as important as Jim's extraordinary experience as his character. He's talked about how as a young boy -- his brother nearly lost their lives. They were at home and intruder broke in and -- them at gunpoint. Jim understands deeply. In his core of the anguish of victims of crime What they go through -- and he's made it his life's work to spare others that pain. To know Jim chrome is ", "the world of  organized crime  it's about himself to  the mafia . At age 22 York City  crime  boss was sentenced captain of the  Colombo Crime  Family. Some visit to his  mafia  boss bother legend of the  Cosa Nostra .  FBI  wiretaps have ", "An incredible story from the world of organized crime it's about a man who pledged himself to the mafia At age 22 after his father a notorious New York City crime boss was sentenced to fifteen years in prison. The sun rose quickly through the -- devising a scheme that brought the family hundreds of millions of dollars. Then came a woman at a moments that made him walk away. Most wise guys quit the mob in one of two way -- witness relocation. -- body back. But Michael frenzy says somehow managed to avoid -- And he still gets away with showing his face on the same street she ruled as captain of the Colombo Crime Family. Some of the McDonald's or run into this section but you know in this resort -- this -- us. We had a wrapped up. This mobster turned minister has come back to Brooklyn on a mission from god. To pay a jailhouse visit to his mafia boss bother and an effort to save his soul from hell. And that would be no small feat because Sony frenzies is a living legend of the Cosa Nostra FBI wiretaps have captured this under boss of the Colombo is bragging about the dozens of -- he's killed. And describing his favorite way to dispose of bodies using knives a kiddie ", 'top man in  the mafia  were sentenced wanted future  mafia  bosses to of the top  organized crime  figures in loss of the  Colombo Crime  Family heads the  Genovese  family extortion and  murder . Federal them to a  mafia commission  which oversees He called  mafia  mania. Perhaps ', "In a federal courthouse here today some of the top man in the mafia were sentenced to a hundred years in jail. A hundred years each the judge said He wanted future mafia bosses to have something to think about. ABC's Ron Claiborne was there. The eight defendants included some of the top organized crime figures in the country among them Carmine purse ago loss of the Colombo Crime Family. Anthony carollo lost a little -- family and Anthony fat Tony Salerno who heads the Genovese -- family. There are convicted of coordinating illegal activities including racketeering extortion and murder . Federal and state authorities used audio and video surveillance and informants to link them to a mafia commission which oversees the five New York crime -- -- I think this is a perfect time to crush the perfect time to keep a tremendous amount of pressurized. Keep ", "lawyer complain that the trial was unfair because of what He called mafia mania. Perhaps excessive. That in this particular case they need to say justice was not -- -- she was mistaken. The -- the judge born and gave today are the kinds of sentences that should be given. Two people who live a life of crime . Law enforcement authorities say today's sentences are likely to disrupt the activities of the commission . But they concede that at the weekend the mafia will continue to operate. Ron Claiborne ABC news New York. ", 'head of the  Gambino Crime  Family meantime the  Gambino crime  boss remains men in the  FBI  office in Organized crime  the mob as New York  crime  family to arrest of  Colombo  boss Reno on  murder  charges battle against  organized crime  as it has hundred top  mafia  leaders have ', "and will pursue every avenue available for appeal. In the meantime the Gambino crime boss remains in jail and may very well have to stay there for the rest of his life. Jim Hickey ABC news New York. After the verdict this afternoon in the number two men in the FBI office in New York said mr. gotti's conviction sounds the death knell for traditional. Organized crime the mob as we know what. The -- as we know -- He said is on the way out which does not mean organized crime is on the way out. Here's ABC's Bob Jamieson. Jurors were still deliberating John -- -- late yesterday when federal agents led the reputed boss of another New York crime family to jail. Authorities say the arrest of Colombo boss -- -- Reno on murder charges. Signals the final phase of their battle against organized crime as it has been known in America for sixty years. This now makes. The bosses of all five New York family members either in jail. Or awaiting trial. During a decade of vigorous federal prosecution a long parade of mob leaders has been brought to trial. In the last five years alone almost a hundred top mafia leaders have been convicted. Authorities are having more success because a new generation of mob leaders as deeply involved in drug dealing. Drug charges carry tougher sentences than gambling and other crimes and mobsters have been turning more often do violence to settle disputes. Prosecutors also cite the disintegration of traditional mafia loyalty -- France -- son of a long time mob leader is only one of dozens of mafia members to turn in former. Organized crime . There is on the run in virtually every city in the United States for us from law enforcement keeps its commitment to the war against organized crime I think by the end of -- -- the -- into it. But many experts caution it is premature to write the -- obituary because it has been so deeply rooted in the economy of new York and other cities until 193. And authorities worry that even as the mafia disintegrates it is simply being replaced by Asian and Colombian gangs. They are beginning to dominate drug trafficking illegal gambling and loan ", "you have been fighting  crime  for your entire adult vocalists and I'll stay in  the mafia organized crime . Joshua put a few chinks tagged and it's the  FBI  not for a robust it to be I was a  organized crime  prosecutor Bob back and ", "government to get an innocent man who's given up his life of crime . And the jurors such an extent that there is lot of attention the jurors will be paying. Bob a lot of attention. To that factor. But you know I think the biggest problem for junior's going to be the Florida venue Florida jurors are notoriously tough. There are very very law and order oriented. And having done at least one case out in Florida in the southern district of Florida can tell you that it was no nonsense from the jurors to the judge for the prospect. Yours. Now courtesy you have been fighting crime for your entire adult life through your work with the guardian angels. Do you feel responsible for helping to take down the mom. It's not so much they can down the mob but for speaking out against these geriatric -- espresso sipping side. I think it was organized not real. Yeah and hopefully the rappers hip hoppers and gang banging his other role models they actually factions themselves have to vocalists and I'll stay in the mafia organized crime . Joshua -- put a few chinks in the armor and prove that you couldn't stand. And up and fight for what you ", "thought how a lot of really great like graphics and things like that. so let's take a listen to appease them. Nobody  Sicilian mafia  as well. Go games to scroll from unit called a piece of pathos like this. You mean now. Yes. The poem written on ", "that. -- so let's take a listen to appease them. Nobody -- Sicilian mafia -- -- as well. Go games to scroll from -- unit called a piece of pathos like this. You mean now. Yes. ", "Finally to a  mafia  raid that netted run from a  murder  charge since bosses for the  Cosa Nostra . He's also held an anti  mafia  a rally in that arrest  the mafia mafia  members in joining the  Cosa Nostra  here are some ", "bears you want to see this is the place. Finally to a mafia raid that netted a big fish at a -- out in the Sicilian countryside. Police struck at the heart of corruption when they arrested four men on Italy's most wanted list on Monday. Mafioso Salvatore lo piccolo has been on the run from a murder charge since 1998. Police say piccolo is set to become the so called boss of all bosses for the Cosa Nostra . He's also accused of trying to read by -- relations with mobsters in the US. Since millions reacted with outright joy they held an anti mafia a rally in -- to thank police. For the week in pictures I'm Gloria Riviera ABC news. And during that arrest the mafia mafia members in Italy police say they also found a list of what's being called the -- is ten commandments. So if you were thinking of joining the Cosa Nostra here are some rules to live by. Never look at the wives of friends. I'd rather obvious one never be seen with ", "the place. Finally to a  mafia  raid that netted a big fish piccolo on the run from a  murder  charge since 1998. Police boss of all bosses for the  Cosa Nostra . He's also accused of outright joy they held an anti  mafia  a rally in to thank police ", "bears you want to see this is the place. Finally to a mafia raid that netted a big fish at a -- out in the Sicilian countryside. Police struck at the heart of corruption when they arrested four men on Italy's most wanted list on Monday. Mafioso Salvatore lo piccolo -- -- on the run from a murder charge since 1998. Police say piccolo is set to become the so called boss of all bosses for the Cosa Nostra . He's also accused of trying to read by -- relations with mobsters in the US. -- millions reacted with outright joy they held an anti mafia a rally in -- -- to thank police. For the week in pictures I'm Gloria Riviera ABC news. ", "in prison for  organized crime . I didn't mob wife Karen  bonanno  daughter the they say in  the mafia . Iraq. Helping York's biggest  crime  in the process basically for the  FBI 's and he's she was a real  mafia  princess. Regular ", "to raise their kids while their husbands had been in prison for organized crime . I didn't. -- like Dubai looked like it did not. -- has not violent undermines. Raw emotion yeah. My -- is all ", "arrange the  murder  of at least lion's of  the mafia . As raunchy walking. Former  FBI  agent George tiny little  mafia  princess though head of the  Gambino crime  family and another mastermind the  murder  of Paul Castellano ", "cable -- can compare to living in the genuine lion's -- of the mafia . As raunchy as this reality TV show. Can't compete with the true reality of a young girl growing up Brevard. When your ", "ran a famous war against  the mafia  and it's clear from these you're about to see.  The mafia  of today is very different the top suspects in the  FBI 's own press release 837673 which could further weaken  the mafia  so that. Yeah instead ", "attorney general. As you may remember Kennedy ran a famous war against the mafia and it's clear from these new arrests that that war lives on but as you're about to see. The mafia of today is very different. And the one Kennedy confronted. Just a quick glance at the alleged mobsters in this latest round ", "these guys who arrested will become -- is which could further weaken the mafia so that. Yeah instead of indicator of potential problem this isn't nicknamed stand Tony bagel -- -- at burger yap. About that "]