["you've fallen behind heavy catching up. OK so the first thing you want to do is think about working longer it is  an inconvenient truth . Working longer even part time retirement will make a difference next week as long as possible to take security ", 'thing you want to do is think about working longer it is an inconvenient truth . Working longer even part time -- retirement will make a difference next week as long as possible to take -- security. So ', 'The Oscar winning director of  an inconvenient truth  is back with another provocative documentary this they make a difference I was lucky to to be part of  an inconvenient truth . This little movie that no one thought you know ', "The Oscar winning director of an inconvenient truth is back with another provocative documentary this -- called waiting for Superman it's all about how to fix our country's failing public ", 'a difference -- I was lucky to -- to be part of an inconvenient truth . This little movie that no one thought you know to get us charts and graphs and no one thought. It would change ', "first take issue with the scientific establishment.  An inconvenient truth . What we're doing a wonderful movie what I think movie let's always it was a real loss I think  an inconvenient truth  has a lot of things in it that I don't believe ", "and news and reticent at first take issue with the scientific establishment. An inconvenient truth . What we're doing a wonderful movie what I think but by that by that I mean this. It was very well if this were to go CW world -- book point three. But they're great movie let's always it was a real loss I think an inconvenient truth has a lot of things in it that I don't believe that once he's warmed up appease. Stand back -- -- Pacific ", "first take issue with the scientific establishment.  An inconvenient truth . What we're doing a wonderful movie what but but they're great movie let's always a I think  an inconvenient truth . Has a lot of things than it did I don't believe ", "and issues and reticent at first take issue with the scientific establishment. An inconvenient truth . What we're doing a wonderful movie what -- -- -- but by that by that I mean this. It was very welcome -- if this were to go. CW world -- -- points but they're great movie let's always a -- -- -- I think an inconvenient truth . Has a lot of things than it did I don't believe that once he's warmed up these. And that there's a Pacific ", 'opportunity and when he in the primaries. I got a call. I was one of his early supporters and Hollywood. from  an inconvenient truth . times back then and I was caught that would guide to the panel with him on global warming for the black congressional ', 'was one of his early supporters and Hollywood. -- -- -- from an inconvenient truth . -- -- -- -- times back then and I was caught that would guide to the panel with him on global warming ', 'And the people who brought you  an inconvenient truth  in new film hoping to united grassroots movement to rid the world of nuclear weapons. A coalition of world leaders lend their ', 'And the people who brought you an inconvenient truth in new film hoping to united grassroots movement to rid the world of nuclear weapons. A coalition of world leaders lend their ', "predicts that Davis Guggenheim is  an inconvenient truth . Which package Gore's lecture not hard to figure out why  an inconvenient truth  grossed 45 million dollars a foregone conclusion but  an inconvenient truth  is really an anomaly among ", "find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that Davis Guggenheim is an inconvenient truth . Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with the Oscar for best documentary. It's not hard to figure out why an inconvenient truth grossed 45 million dollars worldwide. -- the third highest grossing documentary ever after Fahrenheit 9/11 and last year's winner march of the penguins. That means more academy voters of cnet's of the award is a foregone conclusion but an inconvenient truth is really an anomaly among the best stock nominees. It began as a lecturer and it remains one no matter how hard ", "predicts that Davis Guggenheim is  an inconvenient truth . Which package Gore's lecture not hard to figure out why  an inconvenient truth  grossed 45 million dollars a foregone conclusion but  an inconvenient truth  is really an anomaly among ", "find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that Davis Guggenheim is an inconvenient truth . Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with the Oscar for best documentary. It's not hard to figure out why an inconvenient truth grossed 45 million dollars worldwide. It's a third highest grossing documentary ever after Fahrenheit 9/11 and last year's winner march of the penguins. That means more academy voters of -- of the award is a foregone conclusion but an inconvenient truth is really an anomaly among the best stock nominees. It began as a lecturer and it remains one no matter how hard ", "okay it's getting hot there where do you learn that I saw the Al Gore. You. Video. Then the Oscar goes to  an inconvenient truth . The global warming documentary featuring vice president Al Gore's been seen by millions. People have proclaimed ", "I saw the Al Gore. You. Video. Then the Oscar goes to an inconvenient truth . The global warming documentary featuring vice president Al Gore's been seen by millions. People have proclaimed him a profit for a cultural ", 'ground. That Senator Obama I think here is on his strength to deal with what. Former vice president might call  an inconvenient truth  which is that. On Iraq. John McCain has been right and consistent and San has been wrong and John McCain. Had ', '-- his strength to deal with what. Former vice president might call an inconvenient truth which is that. On Iraq. John McCain has been right and consistent and San -- has been wrong and John McCain. Had ', 'sure what to do. We turn off the lights and use less energy and less air conditioning. And the Oscar goes to  an inconvenient truth . Say what you will about Al Gore but He did win a Nobel Prize and his film won an Oscar all over the world we ', 'use less energy and less air conditioning. And the Oscar goes to an inconvenient truth . Say what you will about Al Gore but He did win a Nobel Prize and his film won an Oscar all over ', "soon. Because walker is hoping He can make this same type of splashing out or may be environmental documentary  an inconvenient truth  and this morning a movement to end America's dependence on desk. Generation I have. Three grandchildren can ", "make this same type of splashing out or may be environmental documentary an inconvenient truth and this morning a movement to end America's dependence on desk. Generation I have. Three grandchildren can. -- them and they didn't ", "problems is now a top priority the planet has a fever. Former vice president Al Gore's Oscar winning documentary  an inconvenient truth  Turbo charged the discussion about global warming. But some considered its message over stated we are facing a ", "planet has a fever. Former vice president Al Gore's Oscar winning documentary an inconvenient truth Turbo charged the discussion about global warming. But some considered its message over stated we are facing a planetary emergency. The -- ", "Capitol Hill today a reception fitting for the star of an Oscar winning film. His documentary on global warming  an inconvenient truth . Al Gore I used to be the next president of the united. The passion that critics said was missing from Gore's ", 'the star of an Oscar winning film. His documentary on global warming an inconvenient truth . -- -- Al Gore I used to be the next president of the united. The passion that critics said was missing from ', 'Capitol Hill today a reception fitting for the star of an Oscar winning film. His documentary on global warming  an inconvenient truth . I Al Gore I used to be the next president of the United States. The passion that critics said was missing from ', 'the star of an Oscar winning film. His documentary on global warming an inconvenient truth . I -- Al Gore I used to be the next president of the United States. The passion that critics said was missing ', "sign of wanting to get in the race. Earlier this year He attempted his fans when his environmental documentary.  An inconvenient truth . Won an Academy Award. I'm going to take this opportunity right here and now. To formally announce. But gore ", "race. Earlier this year He attempted his fans when his environmental documentary. An inconvenient truth . Won an Academy Award. I'm going to take this opportunity right here and now. To formally announce. But gore has been pretty ", "Change. Gore and that panel will share the one and a half million dollars goes along with a prize. Gore's film  an inconvenient truth . Won an Oscar. One of the Louisiana teenagers at the center of the so called six case is back in jail a judge ", "and a half million dollars goes along with a prize. Gore's film an inconvenient truth . Won an Oscar. One of the Louisiana teenagers at the center of the so called -- six case is back in jail ", 'persistence as much as anything has won him a devoted following. As humanity now struggles with what Al Gore calls  an inconvenient .  Truth . For Good Morning America bill Blakemore ABC news New York. And joining us live now from Minneapolis is another ', 'a devoted following. As humanity now struggles with what Al Gore calls an inconvenient . Truth . For Good Morning America bill Blakemore ABC news New York. And joining us live now from Minneapolis is another man -- made ', "global warming and what can be done to stop its. He's won an Academy Award this past February for his documentary  an inconvenient truth . Al Gore I used to be the next president of the united. in San Francisco on Thursday at a Barbara Boxer fund ", "its. He's won an Academy Award this past February for his documentary an inconvenient truth . Al Gore I used to be the next president of the united. -- -- in San Francisco on Thursday at a Barbara "]