["always been the one that didn't know what I needed a hug.  Desiree young  always held one person responsible for disappearance and than not. Did Terry interfere with the custodial rights but  Desiree young  had. With her son Kyra ever since Cairo and went missing ", "always been the one that didn't know what I needed a hug. Desiree young -- always held one person responsible for -- disappearance and now she's suing. I believe it Terry Gorman knows where -- its. ", 'likely than not. Did Terry -- interfere with the custodial rights but Desiree young had. With her son Kyra ever since Cairo and went missing his family his kept him in the media supporters have maintained ', "hands as a reflection on the status this investigation.  Desiree young  says police have informed her of written clues from Terry And joining us now from rose organ is Karen's mother  Desiree young  good morning thank you so much for joining us this morning ", 'into her own hands as a reflection on the status this investigation. Desiree young says police have informed her of written clues from Terry -- herself detailing her disdain for -- blaming him for her failing ', "York. And joining us now from rose -- organ is Karen's mother Desiree young good morning -- -- thank you so much for joining us this morning. Good morning thank you for having me how old ", 'involved. had taken her stepson to a science fair she claims Kyra vanished at school and has denied any involvement. Kaine and  Desiree young  Kyra his mother now work through their emotions through counseling and by meeting with other families of missing children ', 'claims Kyra vanished at school and has denied any involvement. Kaine and Desiree young Kyra his mother now work through their emotions through counseling and by meeting with other families of missing children. What does the ', 'now won its fifth week. And during the weekend this community stopped to hold a candlelight vigil. Biological parents and  Desiree young . Came to thank everyone for their prayers. But stepmother Terri Mormon the last person believed to have seen the missing ', 'community stopped to hold a candlelight vigil. Biological parents -- -- and Desiree young . Came to thank everyone for their prayers. But stepmother Terri Mormon the last person believed to have seen the missing boy is ', "happy but they haven't given up hope. Clayton send LA BC news Portland. We're joined now by Karen's mother and father  Desiree young . And thank you both so very much for joining us at this very difficult. Time for you and we've heard more from authorities ", "LA BC news Portland. We're joined now by Karen's mother and father Desiree young . And -- -- thank you both so very much for joining us at this very difficult. Time for you and we've heard ", "tearful plea Mike Von fremd was there. biological mother  Desiree young  tells People Magazine she thinks her son is alive. But that believe as well. Well again everyone can empathize with  Desiree young  and we can empathize with her hope that he's alive and ", 'made a tearful plea Mike Von fremd was there. -- biological mother Desiree young tells People Magazine she thinks her son is alive. But that stepmother Terri Warman has the -- stashed somewhere. Else and game. ', "you believe as well. Well -- again -- everyone can empathize with Desiree young and we can empathize with her hope that he's alive and stashed someplace but the critical question -- is that hope. For ", "find a body remains that's obviously. Something we would. You'll be looking for or any other clues Karen's mother  Desiree young  tells AB c.'s two TD in Portland. The current task force has shared the intelligence information with me. I'm excited ", "we would. You'll be looking for or any other clues Karen's mother Desiree young tells AB c.'s -- two TD in Portland. The current -- task force has shared the intelligence information with me. I'm excited ", "Police are holding a press conference later this morning as investigators revealed they're trying to learn more about a person who may have been seen Terry Harmon's truck. The morning her seven year old stepson disappeared. Mike Von fremd is in Portland Oregon with the latest on this case good", "The missing boy's parents decided to go public they want to share personal new details about their seven year old son. In the hope that something they say my helped bring their boy home alive. This mother is devastated each day her son's room remains empty. I can't bring myself to put laundry rain.", "This past weekend Cameron Harmon should've been on a father son trip to California for the fourth. Instead he remains missing and now his step mom is under intense surveillance accused of plotting to kill father. This step mothers every move is tracked and analyzed. Law enforcement sources confirm.", "The latest on tyrant in the seven year old boy who's been missing an organ for fifteen days. Police are now asking some very specific questions about his stepmother on the day He went missing claims and Dell has After weeks of searching the investigation is continuing on several fronts police are", "We know the police are taking hard look. Based on this questionnaire investigators have been collecting them here tyrant school over the weekend. It's a questionnaire that seems to cast suspicion on someone in own home. The questionnaire wants to know if anyone tyrants stepmother or her pickup"]