['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', "Going out on top. Scott Amendola you know outside from the release of the you personally it's it's great it's it's unbelievable I. It's. Once I mean and you know there's. People who for whatever reason inside watching you. Here's the name call got emotions spill area yeah yeah I actually listen. I", 'sort of inspired by her own life. I have an all star cast here now we have a really amazing cast really lucky we have  Aaron Paul  for breaking bad Mary Elizabeth Winston Scott Pilgrim Octavia Spencer the help. Nick offerman park and recreation Megan ', 'here now we have a really amazing cast really lucky we have Aaron Paul for breaking bad Mary Elizabeth Winston Scott Pilgrim Octavia Spencer -- the help. Nick offerman park and recreation Megan Mullally who is ', 'with the best comedy wit. Next stop, the amc party. Good morning, america! Reporter: Where "breaking bad" winner  aaron paul  was working the crowd. Overnight, no dancing on the ceiling. But jon hamm, "breaking bad\'s" bryan cranston ', 'stop, the amc party. Good morning, america! Reporter: Where "breaking bad" winner aaron paul was working the crowd. Overnight, no dancing on the ceiling. But jon hamm, "breaking bad\'s" bryan cranston, just shooting the breeze. Over ', "group of girls ranging in ages from five to eight years old to get their perspective why do you wanna eat healthy. Okay  Aaron Paul  earns pulls them. Yeah I feel about people who are overweight. It feels that someone's way. Do you ever hear your ", "old to get their perspective why do you wanna eat healthy. Okay Aaron Paul earns pulls them. -- Yeah I feel about people who are overweight. It feels that someone's way. -- -- -- -- Do ", 'fashion on the runway in London a bottle proved walking in a straight line is harder than it seems Emmy award winning actor  Aaron Paul  actress Sarah Jessica Parker Tennessee Serena Williams got more than and I pull it. Burglaries London Fashion Week show ', 'a straight line is harder than it seems Emmy award winning actor Aaron Paul actress Sarah Jessica Parker Tennessee Serena Williams got more than and I pull it. Burglaries London Fashion Week show a model had ']