["All around Los Angeles people stopped to hear the long awaited verdict. And all around Los Angeles people were wondering why why did the jury reach a verdict of not guilty. It was a question complicated by the jury's decision not to talk to reporters they", 'race-based police brutality. Three of the four police officers were acquitted of their charges, triggering the 1992  Los Angeles riots , in which 53 people were killed and 2,000 were injured. OJ Simpson Murder Trial, 1994 Former American football star ', 'He\'s a friend and a great leader." On a baby who was born with a bullet in her arm after her mother was shot during the  Los Angeles riots : "That scar doesn\'t go away," Obama said. "Not only do we still have the scars of the riots and the quiet riots ', 'Assassination of John F. Kennedy (1963) 16. Oklahoma City bombing (1995) 17. Bush/Gore election results (2000) 18.  L . A .  riots  (1992) 19. Casey Anthony verdict (2011) 20. Funeral of John F. Kennedy (1963) Like "This Week" on Facebook here ', 'profiling and police brutality and all the pain it causes," he said. The wake of the violent attacks on King and the subsequent  L . A .  riots  in 1992 spurred the resignation of LAPD Chief Daryl Gates and an overhaul of the department, including years of federal oversight ', 'later sparked the  Los Angeles riots  died on June 17 anniversary of the  LA riots  that made him famous begins. PHOTOS:  Los Angeles Riots : 20 Years Later April captured on tape and the  Los Angeles riots . June 17, 2012 ', 'profiling and police brutality and all the pain it causes," he said. The wake of the violent attacks on King and the subsequent  L . A .  riots  in 1992 spurred the resignation of LAPD Chief Daryl Gates and a drastic overhaul of the department, including years of federal ', 'Rodney King, the man who was at the center of the Los Angeles police brutally case that later sparked the  Los Angeles riots  has died, according to ABC News Los Angeles station KABC. He was 47. Suzanne Wickman, a representative for King confirmed ', "ABC News' John Berman Talks With U.S.C. Professor 18 Years After Violence Erupted in the L.A. Streets", 'of Wellesley College. Americans often view them in extremes: gun-toting shop keepers who staved off looters in the  Los Angeles riots  or mathematical brainiacs who attend MIT. "We\'ve read a lot of viscous commentary with too little information," said ', 'The most high-profile patient? Rodney King, the man whose videotaped beating by police officers sparked the 1992  Los Angeles riots . Joining King is "Taxi" star Jeff Conway, who attempted to detox during the show\'s first season but left early ', 'The most high-profile patient? Rodney King, the man whose videotaped beating by police officers sparked the 1992  Los Angeles riots . Joining King is "Taxi" star Jeff Conway, who attempted to detox during the show\'s first season but left early ', "All around Los Angeles people stopped to hear the long awaited verdict. And all around Los Angeles people were wondering why why did the jury reach a verdict of not guilty. It was a question complicated by the jury's decision not to talk to reporters they", 'happening in a city. What set it off. Also following this verdict which many people objected to what came to be called the  LA riots  what other people the only uprising. All began in the streets of south central Los who The murder and destruction. In the ', 'verdict which many people objected to what came to be called the LA riots what other people -- the only uprising. All began in the streets of south central Los who -- The murder and destruction. ', "hormone replacement therapy and becoming a woman. The 53 year old Robert soon to be we made his name and that air covering that  LA riots  and PDs slow speed pursuit of OJ Simpson's white bronco. 35 days into the air beat Turk who dated Star actress Carrie Fisher ", "to be -- we made his name and that air covering that LA riots and -- PDs slow speed pursuit of OJ Simpson's white bronco. 35 days into the air beat Turk who dated Star -- ", "Police suggest cause of death after face of 1991's  L.A .  riots  died in a pool.", 'distaste for one another deserves special recognition. A  Los Angeles riots  of 1992. Exposed as much as anything a lack of leadership Angeles. It remains only to be noted that the cost of the  Los Angeles riots  was terribly high sixty dead now. 2383. Injured. 25000 ', 'their rivalry in their distaste for one another deserves special recognition. A Los Angeles riots of 1992. Exposed as much as anything a lack of leadership. Not simply the leadership to contain the violence sort of put down riots. But a leadership that has inadequately addressed the deep seated problems that confront this city. And that exploded on the streets of Los Angeles. It remains only to be noted that the cost of the Los Angeles riots was terribly high sixty dead now. 2383. Injured. 25000. Jobs temporarily lost 735. Million dollars in damage and worst of all. No ']