['a congressional resolution to repel communism in Southeast Asia, after U.S. reconnaissance planes were shot down over  Laos  in 1964. Even Kennedy\'s gift of a "striking pair" of gold cufflinks to CIA Director John McCone in 1964 served the cause ', "countries, where he would be relatively safe from extradition. Some of the options that have been mentioned: Myanmar,  Laos , Cambodia, The Philippines and Thailand. We'll have to see where Snowden surfaces next.", 'Force H-34 helicopter on a special operations mission over  Laos  when it was shot down by enemy ground fire and exploded on He was on a war mission when the helicopter crashed in  Laos . "Unclaimed" follows the journey of Tom Faunce, a Michigan ', 'were 38 attacks from 14 countries. Most came from computers in China (35 percent), followed by the US (19 percent) and  Laos  (12 percent). Many attackers tried to insert espionage tools into the supposed water pumping station to probe the facility ', "were released, but many more were unaccounted for. Many of the POWs were pilots who were shot down over North Vietnam and  Laos . By the late 2000's, almost 1,800 Americans were still unaccounted for. MARCH 17, 1973 - A HERO IS WELCOMED HOME ", 'damage . A radical left organization called "Weather Underground" executed the attack which was done in protest of the  Laos  invasion supported by the United States.', "was arrested after he allegedly attempted to smuggle 16 tiger cubs from Bangkok, Thailand, to the country's border with  Laos . After being stopped for trying to avoid a road checkpoint, the 52-year-old man reportedly told police that he'd ", "24-hour surveillance. Khamphone, a veteran elephant specialist with nearly 15 years of experience, moved to Japan from  Laos  in the summer, with the mother and three other Asian elephants, according to Japanese media reports. This isn't the ", 'Marine Missing 37 Years From Final Battle of Vietnam War Buried With Full Honors', 'the Vietnam War and that "the U.S. government continues to work closely with the governments of Vietnam, Cambodia and  Laos  to recover Americans lost during the Vietnam War. " In 2010, the remains of 17 unaccounted service members lost in Southeast ', 'transport their loot to Vietnam,  Laos  and China, where some believe that out of the country to a dealer in  Laos . But since no one believes police markets in Hanoi, Vietnam, and  Vientiane ,  Laos , and then had the samples analyzed ', "Mongolia; Hanoi, Vietnam;  Vientiane ,  Laos ; Phnom Penh and Siem Reap Foster Dulles has been to  Laos , let's stop there too that got used in America.  Laos , our next stop, provided bomb lets never exploded.  Laotians  are still finding them ", 'those protests. SECRETARY CLINTON TO  LAOS , CAMBODIA -LANDMARK VISIT...The of State Hillary Clinton has visited  Laos  and Cambodia today. The U.S. bombed to hit Viet Cong supply lines - and in  Laos  today, Secretary Clinton toured a clinic ', 'about. "She is in excellent health," Ventrell said. Good thing. Clinton, 64, will need that stamina as she heads to  Laos , Cambodia, Egypt and Israel all within the next week. Get more pure politics at ABC News.com/Politics and a lighter ', 'black market world of animal trafficking she was an elderly  Laotian  woman by the name of pol lore. But her luggage told another here now. They the woman to a stole in this market and sent a  Laotian  speaking agent undercover with a camera. What He found was ', 'in the black market world of animal trafficking she was an elderly Laotian woman by the name of pol lore. But her luggage told another story a ghoulish collection of more than a thousand claws ', '-- the woman to a stole in this market and sent a Laotian speaking agent undercover with a camera. -- -- What He found -- was a marketplace for greater rentable parks that were smuggled ', 'driver of the other cut our. Who is serving an eight year prison sentence for vehicular homicide. 32 year old qualify only.  Laotian  refugee was convicted even though there was no evidence of alcohol or drugs He was coming home from church his pregnant wife ', 'eight year prison sentence for vehicular homicide. 32 year old qualify only. Laotian refugee was convicted even though there was no evidence of alcohol or drugs He was coming home from church -- his pregnant ', 'driver of the other cut our. Who is serving an eight year prison sentence for vehicular homicide. 32 year old qualify only.  Laotian  refugee was convicted even though there was no evidence of alcohol or drugs He was coming home from church his pregnant wife ', 'eight year prison sentence for vehicular homicide. 32 year old qualify only. Laotian refugee was convicted even though there was no evidence of alcohol or drugs He was coming home from church -- his pregnant ', 'driver of the other are. Who is serving an eight year prison sentence for vehicular homicide. 32 year old qualify only.  Laotian  refugee was convicted even though there was no evidence of alcohol or drugs He was coming home from church his pregnant wife ', 'year prison sentence for vehicular homicide. 32 year old qualify only. -- Laotian refugee was convicted even though there was no evidence of alcohol or drugs He was coming home from church -- his pregnant ', 'The provisions of the agreement requiring an accounting for all missing in action and in The provisions with regard to  Laos  and Cambodia. The provisions prohibiting infiltration for north Vietnam and it now. Have not been complied. We have and ', "all missing in action and in -- The provisions with regard to Laos and Cambodia. The provisions prohibiting infiltration for north Vietnam and -- it now. Have not been complied. We have and we'll continue ", 'Vietnamese forces struck at eight bases manned by south Vietnamese troops. Just south of the demilitarized zone. In neighboring  Laos  are Communist on the US air force gunship all fourteen Americans aboard were reported missing and feared dead. The question ', 'by south Vietnamese troops. Just south of the demilitarized zone. In neighboring Laos are Communist -- on the US air force gunship all fourteen Americans aboard were reported missing and feared dead. The question at ']