["Wukan. The tensions began back in September when villagers became fed up over their local government's role in the  land grab . Hundreds of villagers stormed the communist party offices smashing windows, flipping vehicle and clashing with riot ", 'director of strategic mobile initiatives, says that during the next 18 months, "There\'s going to be a mad rush and a  land grab . There\'s a lot of potential money on the table." Fee structures vary. Intuit is helping merchants accept payments ', "time, fervent demand for office space has had a ripplelike effect on real estate and local businesses. The commercial  land grab  has jacked up rent in tech-heavy pockets of San Francisco and Palo Alto. In San Francisco's South of Market neighborhood ", 'incredible lead in for local newscasts," said Meeta Agrawal with Entertainment Weekly. "There is going to be a real kind of  land grab  in the real estate that she occupies." But on Jan. 1, the legend will continue with her OWN ? The Oprah Winfrey Network ', 'criticism from Republican lawmakers who said Mr. Obama was on the verge of orchestrating a massive and secretive federal " land grab ." But according to the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance (SUWA), more than three-quarters of the nearly 23 million ', "The push for clean energy came to Deborah Rogers' farm about a year ago. Rogers, who makes goat cheese near Fort Worth, Texas, was working when she noticed something strange. Two baby goats, seemingly curled up sleeping, wouldn't wake up. They were dead. Around the same time, Rogers began to notice", 'trying to expel Rechnik\'s residents "raiders." She is one of many who feel the Moscow government is carrying out a  land grab , as they have been accused of doing in the past. Fueling that theory is the nearby luxury neighborhood of "Fantasy ', 'Nestled along the pristine white beaches of the Florida Panhandle town of Destin is the home of Nancy and Slade Lindsay, who said that when they bought their property 12 years ago, they fulfilled a lifelong dream to own a private beach. But now the Lindsays say the state of Florida has dashed that', 'hopes to get the site back up and running smoothly in the next several hours. Hasbro playfully called it "The biggest  land grab  of 2009" on the Monopoly blog . The massive multiplayer game will remain online for four months and is timed to promote ', "support only another 30 years of agriculture. Modern-Day  Land Grab  But what happens in a globalized world when colonies arise Because of the political sensitivity of the modern-day  land grab , it is often only the country's head of state who knows ", '30-year-old interactive planner said he was up late working and couldn\'t get to Facebook until about 45 minutes into the  land grab . So he chose an alternative (\'digitalchristopher\') and sent the victor a message. "I said congrats on getting our ', 'Competition on Facebook was fierce late Friday night, as scores of users scrambled to personalize their Facebook pages in what many have likened to a virtual land rush . At exactly 12:01 a.m. ET Saturday, on a first-come, first-served basis, the vast social networking site gave users the green', 'says Facebook. Currently, Facebook profiles contain a sequence of numbers. But the change could lead to a virtual  land grab . Once someone snags a name, for example, no one else can use it. And after that name is confirmed, it cannot be changed ', "patrol. What's going on. A new Cold War as there was in the American west in the eighteen hundreds. There's a great  land grab  going on but most of the land is at the bottom of the sea floor. Under that sea floor giants but largely unexplored oil ", "was in the American west in the eighteen hundreds. There's a great land grab going on but most of the land is at the bottom of the sea floor. Under that sea floor giants but largely "]