['Luke Bryan Shocks with Academy Of Country Music Awards Entertainer of the Year Win', 'while Thompson Square took home the Vocal Duo of the Year prize. Florida Georgia Line captured the fan-voted  Best New Artist  Award. Taylor Swift, who was up for five awards, went home empty-handed. But of course, the ACM Awards are ', 'Young," Jack Antonoff, Jeff Bhasker, Andrew Dost & Nate Ruess, songwriters (Fun. featuring Janelle Monae)  Best New Artist  Fun. Best Pop Vocal Album Kelly Clarkson, Stronger Chris Brown, Rihanna Get Cozy at the Grammys Best Pop Solo Performance ', 'Year for "We Are Young" and  Best New Artist . Accepting for "We Are Young returned to the stage to accept the  Best New Artist  trophy, Ruess said that he wanted chuckles with her intro to the  Best New Artist  trophy presentation. "If you ', "Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros Ride 'The Big Easy Express' to The 2013 Grammys", 'Categories like "Album of the Year" and " Best New Artist " garner much attention at the Grammy Awards , but one section not to be overlooked is the music video nominations. Rock-folk ', "Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros Ride the 'Big Easy Express' to the 2013 Grammys", 'Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros in New York City, 2012. Categories like "Album of the Year" and " Best New Artist " garner much attention at the Grammy Awards , but one section not to be overlooked is the music video nominations ', 'Frank Ocean . "I\'m looking for him to take home the award in two key categories," he said. "He\'s a lock for  best new artist  and he\'s a strong candidate for album of the year. And that\'s just two of his nominations. He\'s going to have ', 'good or bad, he\'s a young version of Michael Buble and a male Taylor Swift. Frank Ocean Wasn\'t he nominated as  best new artist  last year? I\'m not mad at it though. Why he\'s the best: Because " Thinking About You " was probably the best ', "didn't actually sing on their Grammy and American Music Award-winning records. Four days later, the band's 1990  best new artist  Grammy was withdrawn. Arista Records dropped the duo from its roster and deleted their album from their catalog ", 'After an L.A. Times reporter discovered the ruse, Germans Fab Morvan and Rob Politus were forced to return their  Best New Artist  award and admit they had not contributed any vocals to the best-selling album "Girl You Know It\'s True." Jim ', "the year. Psy couldn't have been nominated in the  best new artist  category because he's released more than three albums, the cut off for  best new artist  eligibility. Psy's rep didn't immediately respond ", 'Nights; record of the year, for "We Are Young;" and  best new artist . It was announced immediately after the telecast that Swift, "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together"  Best New Artist  Alabama Shakes Fun. Hunter Hayes The Lumineers Frank ', 'Since we last saw you, nominated for two grammys. You won the juno award. You have won the american music award for  best new artist . And you\'re singing on "the little mermaid" dvd. How do you process all of this? It\'s been an incredible ', 'won the juno award. You have won the american music award for best new artist . And you\'re singing on "the little mermaid" dvd. How do you process all of this? It\'s been an incredible year. I don\'t ', "like it should have been in the 1980s can't is older than he had acted that's good to Natalie Let Cassidy senior  Best new artist  fund also they a coveted award. Pop vocal album went to Kelly Clarkson for her big hit a stronger. He's always ", "he had acted that's good to Natalie -- Let Cassidy senior -- Best new artist fund also they -- -- a -- -- coveted award. Pop vocal album went to Kelly Clarkson for her big hit a ", 'overwhelming winner. But lots of smiling faces. Like for  best new artist . I was never nominated in this category and I have my own eye lash line. Reporter:  Best new artist  winner, fun, took home song of the year. If this ', "night without an overwhelming winner. But lots of smiling faces. Like for best new artist . I was never nominated in this category and I have my own eye lash line. Reporter: Best new artist winner, fun, took home song of the year. If this is in hd, everybody can see our face, we're not very young. ", "bad watch an of that but I don't Mumford and sons channel orange by frank ocean and blunder bust by Jack White.  Best new artist  nominations. Alabama shakes hunter pays the mutineers. And frank ocean of grass all of those guys is coming up in ", 'sons channel orange by frank ocean and blunder bust by Jack White. Best new artist nominations. -- Alabama shakes -- hunter pays the mutineers. And frank ocean of grass all of those guys -- is coming up ', 'Reporter: Call me? Maybe not. Carly rae jepsen missed out on a best new artist nomination. But "call me maybe" did get tapped as song of the year. As for taylor, she got a nomination herself. The ', "favorite alternative rock group. And this soul R&B artists went to denies took home best to back hip hop album. And  best new artist  you Carly made yeah. I am flying there was also a trip down memory lane looking back AMA's forty year history ", '-- -- denies took home best to back hip hop album. And best new artist -- -- you Carly made yeah. I am flying -- -- there was also a trip down memory lane looking back -- ', "doesn't. These guys are paid by the nightclubs to corral as many young models as possible things that you here.  Best new artist . He makes enough pieces to afford this six grand a month apartment had economics work from this period we get paid ", 'as many young models as possible things that you -- -- here. Best new artist . He makes enough pieces to afford this six grand a month apartment had economics work from this period we get paid based ']