["year's Academy Awards with Zero Dark Thirty.  An Inconvenient Truth  - 2006 (Best Documentary Feature, Best Original managed to make a blockbuster out of a slideshow with  An Inconvenient Truth . The movie won two Academy Awards for best documentary ", 'in his post-White House years for his environmental work, for which he won a Nobel Peace Prize. His film " An Inconvenient Truth ," directed by Davis Guggenheim, won an Academy Award. Keadle, who has listed her occupation on donation forms ', 'Terence Blanchard, a native of the Crescent City. (Underwood won his Grammy in 2009 for best spoken word album, " An Inconvenient Truth .") Buzz has been steadily building for the show and Underwood, who\'s already been touted for a Tony nod ', 'Messina told reporters Wednesday. Academy Award-winner Davis Guggenheim directed the film. His work includes " An Inconvenient Truth " and "Waiting for Superman." Guggenheim also produced a short video biography of then-Sen. Obama for the ', "Transcript: The Great American Debates: 'There's Too Much Government In My Life'", "this great income inequality, has fallen. And so my question is, isn't this a great American delusion? And  an inconvenient truth  that we deny at our peril? RYAN: Inequality falls when we have less economic growth. That's the paradox ", 'from stimulus funds in the Recovery Act. But in the five years since Gore released his climate change documentary  An Inconvenient Truth , just how much progress has been made toward his goal of reducing carbon emissions? Not ', "at eBay and now chairman of Participant Media, the film production company behind The Cove; Food, Inc.; and  An Inconvenient Truth , among other movies. I'd talked with Jeff about an idea for drawing attention to marine pollution: I'd ", 'documentary. After all, this film comes with a pedigree. David Guggenheim, who won the 2009 Oscar for Al Gore\'s " An Inconvenient Truth ," directed "Superman." Some would argue that "Superman" was too overtly political, but Chui believes the ', 'U.N.\'s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007, and Gore\'s film, " An Inconvenient Truth ," won two Academy Awards the same year. Tipper Gore has stayed mostly out of public life, and in 2002 she turned ', "exists this great income inequality has fallen. And my question is isn't as a great American delusion. And  an inconvenient truth  that we deny at our In Claudia falls we have less economic growth. That's the paradox but what we're trying ", "And -- my question is isn't as a great American delusion. And an inconvenient truth that we deny at our -- In Claudia falls -- we have less economic growth. That's the paradox but what we're trying ", "you've fallen behind heavy catching up. OK so the first thing you want to do is think about working longer it is  an inconvenient truth . Working longer even part time retirement will make a difference next week as long as possible to take security ", 'thing you want to do is think about working longer it is an inconvenient truth . Working longer even part time -- retirement will make a difference next week as long as possible to take -- security. So ', 'The Oscar winning director of  an inconvenient truth  is back with another provocative documentary this they make a difference I was lucky to to be part of  an inconvenient truth . This little movie that no one thought you know ', "The Oscar winning director of an inconvenient truth is back with another provocative documentary this -- called waiting for Superman it's all about how to fix our country's failing public ", 'a difference -- I was lucky to -- to be part of an inconvenient truth . This little movie that no one thought you know to get us charts and graphs and no one thought. It would change ', "first take issue with the scientific establishment.  An inconvenient truth . What we're doing a wonderful movie what I think movie let's always it was a real loss I think  an inconvenient truth  has a lot of things in it that I don't believe ", "and news and reticent at first take issue with the scientific establishment. An inconvenient truth . What we're doing a wonderful movie what I think but by that by that I mean this. It was very well if this were to go CW world -- book point three. But they're great movie let's always it was a real loss I think an inconvenient truth has a lot of things in it that I don't believe that once he's warmed up appease. Stand back -- -- Pacific ", "first take issue with the scientific establishment.  An inconvenient truth . What we're doing a wonderful movie what but but they're great movie let's always a I think  an inconvenient truth . Has a lot of things than it did I don't believe ", "and issues and reticent at first take issue with the scientific establishment. An inconvenient truth . What we're doing a wonderful movie what -- -- -- but by that by that I mean this. It was very welcome -- if this were to go. CW world -- -- points but they're great movie let's always a -- -- -- I think an inconvenient truth . Has a lot of things than it did I don't believe that once he's warmed up these. And that there's a Pacific ", 'opportunity and when he in the primaries. I got a call. I was one of his early supporters and Hollywood. from  an inconvenient truth . times back then and I was caught that would guide to the panel with him on global warming for the black congressional ', 'was one of his early supporters and Hollywood. -- -- -- from an inconvenient truth . -- -- -- -- times back then and I was caught that would guide to the panel with him on global warming ', 'And the people who brought you  an inconvenient truth  in new film hoping to united grassroots movement to rid the world of nuclear weapons. A coalition of world leaders lend their ', 'And the people who brought you an inconvenient truth in new film hoping to united grassroots movement to rid the world of nuclear weapons. A coalition of world leaders lend their ']