['   The shopping experience can be made healthier by offering natural and organic products, supplying hand sanitizer and having an in-house clinic. STORY HIGHLIGHTS Retail experts review the top U.S. discount and department stores on "healthy" criteria  Winners are making shopping better in ways you can see and ways you may not notice   Low cost generic drugs, organic products, in-store health clinics and hand sanitizer all add up   (Health.com) -- It\'s that time of year to make your list, check it twice -- and hit the stores. Happily, some retailers today are realizing that shoppers want a healthy experience as well as bargains. But which stores are doing a great job? We asked retail experts to help us review the top U.S. discount and department stores on "healthy" criteria, including comfort, cleanliness, customer service, and eco-friendliness.  Meet the retail experts There were some disappointments (health isn\'t a subject some stores wish to discuss or care much about), but we were pleased to find 10 that are doing some smart things.  In fact, our winners are making shopping better for you in ways you can see (recyclable bags, healthful products, hand sanitizer) and ways you may not even notice (greener lighting and building materials, solar heating). Here\'s to the stores that make your blood pressure go down. Discount stores What makes a discount store good for you? Convenience and bargains are job number one, but our winning stores are also paying attention to the health of their shoppers. 1. Wal-mart 3,400 stores in 50 states Our top-scoring retail chain won over our experts for its customer service, green initiatives, and overall product satisfaction. (Who can resist a deal on organic produce?) "Wal-mart is at the top of its game," says Chain Store Age magazine editor in chief Marianne Wilson.  Walking into the store, you\'re greeted with a friendly "Hello!" (company policy requires associates to greet customers within a 10-foot radius), which helps raise your spirits and get you in the mood to shop. Browsing through the well-lit, identified aisles, you\'ll notice that more organic and natural products are available.  Health.com: Banish holiday stress with this simple yoga stretch  Plus, many stores have an in-store health clinic, and Wal-mart\'s pharmacy has gotten recognition for having very affordable generic drugs. "Wal-mart is realizing that offering more healthy items and making stores inviting is going to help them get more healthy consumers into the store," says expert J. Nick Baird, M.D., chief executive officer of the Alliance to Make US Healthiest. ', 'Wal-mart is realizing that offering more healthy items... is going to help them get more healthy consumers into the store.--J. Nick Baird, M.D.', 'In addition to selling more than 500 Earth-friendly products, Arkansas-based Wal-mart recently announced a multiyear plan to create a Sustainable Products Index to let shoppers know more about the environmental impact of the products they purchase. "We\'re starting to see this great trend emerge where shelf space is filling up with healthier options," Baird says. We like that when you\'re finished shopping, you can cart your purchases away in a reusable Wal-mart blue bag, an initiative that has kept more than 97 million pounds of plastic out of landfills. "Wal-mart has -- and will continue to have -- a huge impact on sustainability," Wilson says. 2. Target 1,700 stores in 49 states Target got high marks from our experts for the overall healthy atmosphere of its stores. "Target is one of the best at combining sustainable products in a streamlined, stress-free environment," Wilson says. Its vibrant store colors, clean displays, and helpful employees make customers excited to shop there, our experts agreed. Add the selection of reusable eco-chic totes and organic food and health-and-beauty products, and you\'ve got a winner. "What Target has done is create an inviting \'want to\' shopping experience, instead of a \'have to,\'" Baird says.  Like Wal-mart, Target sells a 30-day supply of generic medication for $4 (90-day costs $10). And the Minnesota-based company earns convenience points for its clinics and eye-care centers, which hike the ease of one-stop shopping. One of the company\'s eco-friendly efforts directly benefits consumers -- for each shopping bag you bring in and use, you get a credit of 5 cents. "When stores like Target offer healthy products, merchandise, and incentives, shoppers have the choice to embark on a whole behavior- modification process to make themselves and their families healthier," Baird says.  3. Sears 926 stores in 50 states Sears, based in Illinois, got its number-three ranking thanks to its eco-friendly efforts over the years. It was the first retailer to join the Responsible Appliance Disposal (RAD) program, initiated by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), recycling customers\' old appliances for free long before that became the norm. Many stores now have energy-efficient lighting.  Health.com: How to have a less-is-more holiday season  Plus, they recycle bags, cardboard, and shrink wrap, and offer reusable bags. While shopping for clothing, you may notice that the sweater you\'re trying on is made of organic cotton, wood, or bamboo, as the chain has widened its eco-friendly offerings. They even carry a suit made from recycled beverage containers (the Bagir EcoGir suit). And before you put your newly purchased garments in your recyclable bag, give the sales associate your hangers: about 75 percent are reused; in 2008, 2,250 tons of hangers were recycled. 4. Meijer 190 stores in 5 states Based in Michigan, Meijer recently stepped up its game by offering more organic and healthy products. One perk: an Express program that delivers purchases you make online to your car in the parking lot. At $6.95 per order, it\'s a small price to pay to avoid the stress of the crowds, especially during the holidays. But here\'s the real reason Meijer made our top five: We loved the free antibacterial wipes available at front entrances.  Health.com: How to keep the holidays from ruining your sleep  5. Kmart 1,368 stores in 49 states Although Kmart (a subsidiary of Sears) has struggled recently, our experts gave it a nod for its mix of health-conscious products in a relatively stress-free space. The clean, uncluttered aisles make it easy for shoppers. "Signage and layout is really important for a healthy shopping experience," Baird says. "If you\'re bombarded with unhealthy options, that sends a message about what the store is all about." Kmart\'s affordable pharmacy also earned health points. Department stores What makes a department store healthy? A commitment to shoppers\' comfort (a little pampering, please) and a strong desire to protect the planet. 1. Kohl\'s 1,000-plus stores in 49 states Shopping carts! Two words that make a shopper\'s heart sing when they\'re laden with merchandise, especially this time of year. Kohl\'s is the only department store on our winning list that offers shopping carts, giving sore backs and shoulders a much-needed break. ', "This company [Kohl's] clearly demonstrates a commitment to a healthy lifestyle.--Elaine Buxton"]