['911 call and you\'ve committed a crime by violating it," he said. King\'s body was found in a shallow grave near  Lake Hodges  on March 2, ending a week-long search for the straight-A student who disappeared Feb. 25 during an afterschool ', "continue to be a threat to girls and showed no remorse. Chelsea's body was discovered Tuesday in a shallow grave near  Lake Hodges , in the marshy park north of San Diego where she disappeared while running on Feb. 25. Gardner was arrested the following ", 'registered sex offender, authorities said. The remains were found buried in a park about 10 feet from the shoreline of  Lake Hodges , San Diego County Sheriff William Gore said. "While the body has not been positively identified, there ', 'semi-rural San Diego County park. Her body was found less than a week later, buried in a shallow grave near the shore of  Lake Hodges , about a half-mile from her car. But the outrage grew with the arrest of Gardner, a known violent sex offender ', 'was found in a shallow grave 10 feet from the shore of  Lake Hodges , San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore said today at a hundreds of volunteers, scoured the marshy areas near  Lake Hodges , where King often went for lengthy jogs. Authorities ', 'Diego. John Albert Gardner III was arrested on Sunday, two days before the body of King, 17, was found 10 feet from  Lake Hodges  in the park where she went missing on Feb. 25 during an afternoon run. Amid heightened security around the court house ', 'she\'ll be my angel forever," Brent King said. King\'s body was found by an FBI diver about 10 feet from the shore of  Lake Hodges , a half mile from where she parked her car to go jogging in the park last week. The discovery, San Diego County Sheriff ', 'miles square along the shores of  Lake Hodges  today, Caldwell said. "We\'re disappeared, on the south shore of  Lake Hodges , is rocky, uneven terrain, criss-crossed shoe might have been found near  Lake Hodges , but Caldwell would neither confirm ', 'terrain of the Rancho Bernardo Community Park, divided into 45 teams to scour the trails, streams and shoreline of  Lake Hodges . Chelsea King Missing Since Thursday; Registered Sex Offender Arrested "There\'s a tremendous response and time ', 'devastated. Welcome to hell this is  lake Hodges  California. A couple of days ago battleground today far from it. Over at  lake Hodges  the players had kicked up again much here here where which the  lake Hodges  fires and so many others Rajon ', 'and when the fire wins -- devastated. Welcome to hell this is lake Hodges California. A couple of days ago that one of the prettiest places he ever want to see. About before the fires hit ', "witch fire wasn't the only battleground today far from it. Over at lake Hodges the players had kicked up again. We arrived at the scene just as one -- -- the side of the hill devouring ", 'Yes little victories means so much here here where -- which the lake Hodges fires and so many others Rajon tonight tomorrow. The war content. ', "communities some structures lucky others level. This is a bad dream this is not real in the wake up and we're be okay in  lake Hodges  hills an agonizing scene. There's a house down there's 12. 345. And 78910. Later. And my understanding is they ", "real in the wake up and we're -- -- be okay in lake Hodges hills an agonizing scene. There's a house down there's 12. 345. And 78910. Later. And my understanding is they went about a "]