['extraordinary career and how it all began.  Julia Child  was brought up in Pasadena California by John the book that changed the way Americans eat.  Mastering the art of French cooking . Producers on public television asked Julia ', 'ten years that became the book that changed the way Americans eat. Mastering the art of French cooking . Producers on public television asked Julia to come on to talk about the book. I thought well. I better bring along. We ', 'Julia child  was such a treasured memory of our "gma Welcome to "therench chef." I\'m  julia child . Reporter: Before she was a culinary icon --  julia child  presents the chicken sisters. Reporter ', 'Julia child was such a treasured memory of our "gma" family. Today would be her 100th birthday. We\'re going to help her remember with a new biography, "dearie," about the chef who influenced so much in our kitchens and on our culture. Welcome to "therench chef." I\'m julia child . Reporter: Before she was a culinary icon -- julia child presents the chicken sisters. Reporter: Before she was lovingly spoofed by comedians. My name\'s julia child . Today, we\'re going to make a holiday feast. Reporter: And oscar winners. Julia child was a free spirit. Jerk it. Like this? There. You see. They come up. Remember, jerk toward you. Reporter: The 6\'3" woman, ', 'around here -- there she goes. Reporter: Julia was family. On "gma," julia child cooked not only for our audience -- you can improve the flavor of your wine if you drop a live eel in the bottle. When you try it, let me know if it works. Throw it on the floor. Reporter: For her dear friend, charlie gibson. Julia child and charlie gibson had quite a flirtation going on. They were so funny together. They really got each other going. Douse it with red wine. You\'re dousing, aren\'t you? Reporter: Julia child would have been 100 years old today. She finished cooking too soon. But we will always remember her. This is julia child , bon appetit. It\'s great to see julia and charlie together again. I think I remember that scene there, with the red wine. She drank a few of those glasses. She deserves it after all her cooking. Happy birthday, julia. We have classic recipes from julia child and more photos on our website, goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! And we\'ll be right back. know ', "delectable cuisine where. chicken and her slapstick humor. is her unmistakable. Voice I'm  Julia Child . In 1963. Brimming with confidence and  Julia Child  became America's first television Campbell's whose daughter Jordan hopes that his mother ", "-- chicken and her slapstick humor. -- is her unmistakable. Voice I'm Julia Child . In 1963. Brimming with confidence and Julia Child became America's first television -- -- Campbell's whose daughter Jordan hopes that his mother can have a procurement czar. Letting her personality ", 'master of the culinary arts but  Julia Child  was also a spy sort of maybe got We have known for some years of  Julia Child  service has shown in the PBS documentary triple That sounds just like the  Julia Child  we saw later on TV. John Cochran ', "a popular TV personality and the master of the culinary arts but Julia Child was also a spy sort of maybe got a masters by -- -- during World War II she worked for the Office of Strategic Services the huge spy network created by president Franklin Roosevelt. The OSS and as the forerunner of today's CIA. Others who served in the OSS include a future Supreme Court justice Arthur Goldberg historian Arthur Schlesinger junior and baseball star Mo berg. We have known for some years of Julia Child service has shown in the PBS documentary series American masters. But not until today weren't classified files made public. After Pearl Harbor ", 'quote her drive and inherent triple -- That sounds just like the Julia Child we saw -- later on TV. John Cochran ABC news Washington. ', "Wouldn't try it let me know if it works. Good Morning America this is  Julia child  and remember enough warm up fifty. At that last of glasses that your our. We've got our one as well apparently truly nice in the world.  Julia Child .", 'it let me know if it works. Good Morning America this is Julia child and -- -- remember enough warm up fifty. At that last -- of glasses that your beverage Julie was it flooded with ', "Julia Child  has been a treasured member of our Good different for normal word. that effect. The  Julia child 's recipes you know I'm not all right show. How do you club I don't. I'm  Julia Child . Can you Rhode in my ice box who got back ", "-- a little different for -- normal word. -- that effect. The Julia child's recipes you know I'm not all right I've been there myself right now the so these little tips that you've collected in ", "Another classic it was a child moment she and have about her recipe duet from their new public television series Judea and cooking at home. And start the pork Chop I'll let you take it over and this something that both of them before you you know the good thing for president in Atlanta but for. The", 'the legend, the first lady of french television food,  julia child , with a 100th birthday party celebration! Including 100th birthday of a culinary legend, the late, great,  julia child . Whoo hoo! . And what better way of They took one can ', 'honor the woman, the legend, the first lady of french television food, julia child , with a 100th birthday party celebration! Including the child classics like a beef bourguignon, ratatouille, steak bernaise and a boo-lia-baiss e! Even celebrity chef art smith is reinventing her iconic crepe suzettes! It\'s all julia, all hour long, right now on "the chew"! . Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to a very special edition of "the chew"! Do you guys know what today is? Wednesday! Correct. It\'s wednesday. But it\'s not just any wednesday. 100 years ago today, a legend was born. Someone who taught america how to cook and pave the way for shows just like this one. Today we\'re celebrating the 100th birthday of a culinary legend, the late, great, julia child . Whoo hoo! . And what better way of They took one can of soup, threw it in a room. We had to ', "Okay now what would you get if you crossed  Julia Child . the rock band To be honest the question never even current lessons one of the most unusual. Video series on the Internet it's ", 'Okay now what would you get if you crossed Julia Child . -- the rock band -- To be honest the question never even current -- lessons -- -- one of the most unusual. ', "inspired by their breakup she wrote strong sympathetic characters. Played by Tom Hanks twice and Meryl three times.  Julia Child  in Julian Julian blew up fatigue and is front herself and heartburn. Meryl Streep It's your husband is cheating on ", "Played by Tom Hanks twice and Meryl -- three times. -- -- Julia Child in Julian Julian blew up fatigue and is -- front herself and heartburn. -- -- Meryl Streep -- It's your husband is ", "not between man and woman. The between two women of different generations. Julie and Julia a blogger who would Myers  Julia child 's. T apparently loves to cook to. She died today after a long battle with leukemia have with 71. David Wright ABC ", "different generations. Julie and Julia a -- -- blogger who would Myers Julia child's . T -- -- apparently loves to cook to. She died today after a long battle with leukemia -- have -- with 71. ", 'Merrill Streep would play. And did. Karen so awkward and so Inspired by a true life story of a whistle at a nuclear plant  Julia Child  in Julie and Julia about a food bloggers obsession. With the famous Currently wearing kitchen and playing front herself ', 'a true life story of a whistle -- at a nuclear plant Julia Child in Julie and Julia about a food bloggers obsession. With the famous -- Currently -- wearing -- kitchen and playing front herself ', 'are actually looking forward to the Big Five oh and why not. For some of us the game starts at halftime. For instance  Julia Child  launched her little cooking show H 58 and this became an overnight international superstar right on the cusp of fifty ', 'not. For some of us the game starts at halftime. For instance Julia Child launched her little cooking show -- H 58 and this -- became an overnight international superstar right on the cusp of fifty. ', 'yeah right but the eagle. exactly as they said when you come to France you must cook and working with the wonderful  Julia Child  anywhere in front. This was in the Burgundy region of France where we broadcast from a vineyard. They opened the really ', 'come to France you must cook -- and working with the wonderful Julia Child anywhere in front. This was in the Burgundy region of France where we broadcast from a vineyard. They opened the really good ', "you're Good Morning America you cannot come here without having On the program you come to France you must you must have  Julia Child . Junction there and wounding. We will give you that the deck of the USS enterprise bringing us breaking news. I'm ", "On the program you come to France you must you must have Julia Child . Junction -- there and wounding. We will give you that the deck of the USS enterprise bringing us breaking news. I'm Charles ", 'points. But the eagle did exactly as they said when you come to France you must cook and working with the wonderful  Julia Child  anywhere in front. This was in the Burgundy region of France where we broadcast from a vineyard. They opened the really ', 'come to France you must cook -- and working with the wonderful Julia Child anywhere in front. This was in the Burgundy region of France where we broadcast from a vineyard. They opened the really good ', "Okay. Thank you Favre fan and I include the best you can vote they creative mind. Go to different shifts. I'm  Julia Child  they were cooking it and. It's. You don't leave much when you with the all out. A good and I could've been somebody ", "vote they -- -- -- creative mind. Go to different shifts. I'm Julia Child they were cooking it and. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- It's. "]