['said. The first lady, Roberts and Chef Marcus Robert  Samuelsson , who owns Red Rooster Harlem in New York City, cooked one cooked by the First Lady, Robin Roberts and Chef  Marcus Samuelsson  can be found here on Pinterest.', 'Images 2:29 p.m. ET: EASY MONEY: SAVING FOOD :  Marcus Samuelsson , a celebrity chef and owner of the Red Rooster restaurant America ran their kitchens, "We\'d be closed."  Samuelsson  shared the following tips he employs in his restaurant ', 'pretty ridiculous," she said.  Marcus Samuelsson , a celebrity chef and owner it\'s not good financially,"  Samuelsson  said. Experts estimate that more than $4,000 a year.  Samuelsson  shared the following tips he ', "regulars at the White House -- President Obama's state dinners have been helmed by the likes of Rick Bayless and  Marcus Samuelsson  -- ABCNews.com reached out to some of New York's famous chefs to find out what they'd make at 1600 Pennsylvania ", 'Elizabeth Faulkner, (Top Chef Masters), John Besh (Top Chef Masters), Susan Spicer (Top Chef, Treme),  Marcus Samuelsson  (Top Chef, Top Chef Masters, Chopped), Johnny Iuzzini (Top Chef: Just Desserts), Iron Chef Mario Batali ', "Mendelsohn's red cabbage variety is packed with raisins, red onion and of course mint. Another delicious minty dish is  Marcus Samuelsson  tomato and watermelon salad . The fresh fruit is paired with goat cheese and herbs to make a sweet and tangy dish ", 'editor Sara Moulton, and Chef  Marcus Samuelsson , who prepared President Obama\'s state dinner. We convened at  Samuelsson \'s new Red Rooster restaurant actually came up with lasagna,"  Samuelsson  said, "because he did not have ', "neighborhood. Besides selling Scope, NyQuil, Advil and Colgate at the front desk, the hotel offers a cookbook from  Marcus Samuelsson  and his new Red Rooster restaurant nearby, copies of The Harlem Reader and Sylvia's Family Soul Food Cookbook ", 'recipes and stories of growing up in southwest Louisiana from a very talented food chef. "New American Table" by  Marcus Samuelsson , Wiley, $40 With 300 very diverse recipes, this book is a trip around the country, celebrating all of the ethnic ', 'recipes and stories of growing up in southwest Louisiana from a very talented food chef. "New American Table" by  Marcus Samuelsson , Wiley, $40 With 300 very diverse recipes, this book is a trip around the country, celebrating all of the ethnic ', 'welcome back, everybody. We are so happy to have our friend,  marcus samuelsson , with us in times square. His "new york times" best seller, "yes, chef," is in stores in paperback. Congratulations on ', 'welcome back, everybody. We are so happy to have our friend, marcus samuelsson , with us in times square. His "new york times" best seller, "yes, chef," is in stores in paperback. Congratulations on that. Such ', "Back, now, with one of my personal favorites.  Marcus samuelsson . We've been waiting to try these all morning long. Author Summertime treats on goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! He's  marcus samuelsson .", "Back, now, with one of my personal favorites. Marcus samuelsson . We've been waiting to try these all morning long. Author and chef at red roof harlem. And what did you bring? I ", "well come out like this. Summertime treats on goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! He's marcus samuelsson . ", 'Marcus Samuelson . I imagine He is the optional. You should go to this restaurant red rooster in Harlem on my mom of the. Of the town recently ', 'Marcus Samuelson . I imagine He is the optional. You should go to this restaurant red rooster in Harlem on my mom of the. Of ', "I and its New Year's Eve. Eve you can tell we're very eager to get this party started here entertaining you want great food you don't want to who want to enjoy everything here with a solution for all of it. Good friend of the show model. New American table found out of food republic dot com a very", 'thousands of recipes with the my plate program.  Marcus samuelsson  joined mrs. Obama and robin to whip up a few of moving here in the kitchen, with mrs. Obama and  marcus samuelsson . You know him from red rooster here in new york ', "third year. They're showing thousands of recipes with the my plate program. Marcus samuelsson joined mrs. Obama and robin to whip up a few of them. We're moving here in the kitchen, with mrs. Obama and marcus samuelsson . You know him from red rooster here in new york city. One of my favorite restaurants. That yard bird. Today, we're not ", "know one way. Tacos. Who better to make them than  marcus samuelsson  and tim love, with creative ways. Creative ways throughout the whole week. That's right. People like  marcus samuelsson , the guys from animal in l.A. Friends fly in ", 'meals. I know one way. Tacos. Who better to make them than marcus samuelsson and tim love, with creative ways. Creative ways to turn your leftovers into delicious tacos that will knock your socks off. You ', "like a cooking event throughout the whole week. That's right. People like marcus samuelsson , the guys from animal in l.A. Friends fly in from all over the country. Create this food and wine festival. Not only "]