['as Oct. 1 nears. On Monday, Obama dropped in on a private White House meeting with celebrities including singer  Jennifer Hudson  and actors Amy Poehler and Kal Penn. The White House said the artists expressed interest in helping spread the word ', 'power to promote health care. Obama stopped by a private White House meeting Monday with celebrities including singer  Jennifer Hudson  and actors Amy Poehler, Michael Cera and Kal Penn. The White House says the artists expressed interest in helping ', 'power to promote health care. Obama stopped by a private White House meeting Monday with celebrities including singer  Jennifer Hudson  and actors Amy Poehler, Michael Cera and Kal Penn. The White House says the artists expressed interest in helping ', 'power to promote health care. Obama stopped by a private White House meeting Monday with celebrities including singer  Jennifer Hudson  and actors Amy Poehler, Michael Cera and Kal Penn. The White House says the artists expressed interest in helping ', 'power to promote health care. Obama stopped by a private White House meeting Monday with celebrities including singer  Jennifer Hudson  and actors Amy Poehler, Michael Cera and Kal Penn. The White House says the artists expressed interest in helping ', 'dancer, succumbed to the rhythms of a catchy tune. The Atlantic Wire also unearthed a video of him swaying during  Jennifer Hudson \'s concert at the Taste in 2012. http://abcn.ws/12PNRf0 WHAT WE\'RE READING "WHY ARE REPUBLICANS SO HAPPY ', "dancer, succumbed to the rhythms of a catchy tune. The Atlantic Wire also unearthed a video of him swaying during  Jennifer Hudson 's concert at the Taste in 2012. (Emanuel was offered a scholarship to the Joffrey Ballet but decided to attend ", 'performers included Catherine Zeta Jones belting "All That Jazz" from 2002\'s Best Picture winner "Chicago,"  Jennifer Hudson \'s show-stopping "And I\'m Telling You I\'m Not Going" from 2006\'s "Dreamgirls," and the cast of this ', 'Craig Zadan and Neil Meron are planning an all-star tribute to movie musicals with Academy Award-winning actors  Jennifer Hudson , Catherine Zeta-Jones and Russell Crowe. Crowe will be joined by his "Les Miserables" cast mates, nominees ', "Russell Crowe, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Jennifer Hudson  Join Oscars' Musical Tribute", 'RELATED: Oscar Nominations 2013: Full List Oscar producers announced Wednesday that Academy Award-winning actors  Jennifer Hudson , Catherine Zeta-Jones and Russell Crowe will be a part of the celebration. They will join nominees Hugh Jackman ', 'Dionne Warwick and Aretha Franklin. There were the Grateful Dead and Aerosmith. Did I mention, Barry Manilow,  Jennifer Hudson  and Kelly Clarkson? He formed a company with L.A. Reid and Babyface, which became home base for Usher and Pink ', "the shooting Rampage in Newtown Connecticut 26 kids from sandy hook elementary school's chorus we're joined by  Jennifer Hudson  for a performance of America the beautiful take them. In January the children's recorded version over the rainbow ", "Connecticut 26 kids from sandy hook elementary school's chorus we're joined by Jennifer Hudson for a performance of America the beautiful take them. -- -- -- In January the children's -- recorded -- version -- over ", "need to magic they were talking earlier this week not confirmed as well bringing back some of the people who made it  Jennifer Hudson 's. Who was the Clay Aiken many out. And his can never met Kelly and Kelly Clarkson yeah they were all like floated ", "well -- bringing back some of the people who made it -- Jennifer Hudson's . Who was the -- Clay Aiken many out. And his -- can never met Kelly and Kelly Clarkson yeah they were all ", "Melissa this Jennifer what's ahead may need an American Idol judges and that kind of contestant turned superstar  Jennifer Hudson  has reportedly signed the and judge for the show this cord around his listener this. They also apparently according ", 'an American Idol judges and that kind of -- contestant turned superstar Jennifer Hudson has reportedly signed the -- and judge for the show this cord around his listener this. They also apparently according to. For ', "that you're doing? I'm launching it with qvc and the one  jennifer hudson  collection. And I'm excited about it. It's the red carpet accessories from her collection. Make sure you tune in. Everybody,  jennifer hudson  with her clothing.", "line that you're doing? I'm launching it with qvc and the one jennifer hudson collection. And I'm excited about it. It's the red carpet looks and you're like, my gosh, I wish i could wear that, ", 'looks and accessories from her collection. Make sure you tune in. Everybody, jennifer hudson with her clothing. ', "I was overweight my whole life I've sensed about my weight my life I figured this is one of the I was always on some new life stopping diet. I laughed. And let me be me and I'm actually became a healthier me I am amazed myself this Houston. Because when weight loss program is filled with human", "to grab headlines Oscar winner  Jennifer Hudson 's mother and brother murdered four years of anticipation.  Jennifer Hudson 's quest for justice we'll topping hits blockbuster films and  Jennifer Hudson  has earned her place in the spotlight ", "Trial starting -- that's sure to grab headlines Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson's mother and brother murdered in the family home in Chicago. For young nephew found dead in a family car few days later accused of the crime -- -- first former brother in law. The question everyone's asking will the performer testified in this emotionally charged case and ABC's correspondent Alex presence in Chicago this morning with that story good morning -- The sharing good morning to you we could have the answer to that question within a couple of days after almost four years of anticipation. Jennifer Hudson's quest for justice we'll soon be in the hands of a jury. Chart topping hits -- blockbuster films and Jennifer Hudson has earned her place in the spotlight. But come Monday she'll be in the spotlight she could never have imagined a front row seat at the trial of William bell for. The man accused of killing Hudson's mother brother and nephew in 2008. Prosecutors say Belfour unleashed his deadly rage after learning Hudson's sister Julia his estranged wife was dating another man. This trial is unlike most other trials because the victims are related to a national icon Jennifer Hudson and the jury is not going to be able to ignore that. The trial is expected to draw media from all quarters ", "absolutely chilling tapes of  Jennifer Hudson 's sister calling 911 just after Obama. It was October 24 2008  Jennifer Hudson 's sister Julia had just discovered Belfour has pleaded not guilty  Jennifer Hudson  and her sister have been in the ", "Hudson family murder trial. The judge's release is absolutely chilling tapes of Jennifer Hudson's sister calling 911 just after the murder of their mom. NBC's -- presence covering the case from Chicago good morning Alex. George ", "OK but believed. -- little -- Obama. It was October 24 2008 Jennifer Hudson's sister Julia had just discovered their mother's body on the floor of her home. She ran outside in a panic and called ", "it is now. -- -- And William Belfour has pleaded not guilty Jennifer Hudson and her sister -- have been in the courtroom at the trial every day since it's hard it since it started last "]