["Pastor Greg Shreaves: I never in my wildest dreams thought I'd end up being a pastor at a-- at a Lutheran church, or any church, for that matter.", 'And it was not so much a revelation that made him see the wisdom of pursuing this new life that got him through the seminary in about half the time it normally takes. No, maybe he finally just came to understand this was probably what he ought to be doing in the latter part of his life.', 'Pastor Greg Shreaves: I love dealing with people and the-- the joys and the sorrows of their lives.', 'Pastor Greg Shreaves: And I often measure this congregation by the hands I see at communion every Sunday-- with the furrows and the fingers- and the dirt under the nails.', 'He had taken the time, as had the members, to find the right place - he liked them and they quite clearly liked him.', "Sue Brunner: He's a wonderful pastor, you know, we wanted him. He wanted to come to us, in this little town, where there's not a whole lot happening. ", "Deep Buck's County: This is where good country Lutherans still value tradition and community and their old church, the reassuring history of things. Members who fought the Revolutionary War are scattered beneath the grass back here.", 'Pastor Greg Shreaves: This congregation has been worshipping regularly in this building since 1763-- before there was a United States of America.', 'Sue Brunner: His compassion for people, his-- his w-- his way with people-- he seemed so caring.', "It was inevitable, probably, that of the few women would respond to the dashing bachelor pastor - innocent crushes, most likely - though there was no sign whatsoever at all that Greg Shreaves was anything but the soul of rectitude when he offered himself as sounding board or adviser. He didn't seem to notice the darting looks, extra attention, the attempts at mothering. Though church council President Paul Rose certainly did.", 'There was the slightly eccentric Mary Jane Fonder, always around, like a resident maiden aunt.', "Paul Rose: Yeah. A little eccentric sometime, but aren't we all.(laughs) Imagine there are people sayin' that about me someplace.", 'Then there was the new girl - Rhonda Smith - though, at 42, she was not such a girl anymore. When Rhonda showed up, Judy could see she needed someone.', "Rhonda's bipolar disorder had filled her life with trouble, trouble supporting herself, trouble holding a job. ", "And if anybody wanted to harbor some tabloid fantasy about the pastor's help for Rhonda.. well, that's what it was: a fantasy.", "In isolation, the unusual events, when they began to happen, didn't seem so terribly significant, though they certainly would later. There was the day, for example, when he learned that good, attentive ministering can present its own special hazards. It was when one of those friendly women of the church was helping the pastor prepare for Sunday service.", 'Pastor Greg Shreaves: It just never crossed my mind that-- what started out as some kind of an-- infatuation would have led to where it did. ', "...to thank the parishioners for the secret spiritual and financial help they'd been giving her.", "Judy Zellner: I didn't even see who it was. I knew her hair was brown, and it was flowing in this blood.", 'On Jan. 23, 2008, just after lunch, Judy Zellner stumbled on the body behind the desk in the church office.', "It was when the paramedics arrived they discovered that whoever it was wasn't dead.", 'Now there was a rush to get her out of there. The paramedics gathered up the bleeding woman, got her on a stretcher, and rushed past Judy in the hallway.', 'Judy Zellner: And they picked her up and the blood was jus dripping. And I just thought, oh my God!', 'The policemen came then, took Judy into the sanctuary, asked her about a gun, about the possibility this was suicide.', 'Pastor Shreaves was out of town, knew none of what happened, until somebody found him at a three day church retreat in nearby Wayne, Pa. ', "Pastor Shreaves rushed back to the hospital in Bucks County to join the little group at Rhonda's bedside.", "And Jim Smith noticed that one of the men in the room didn't look like a doctor.", 'Trooper Greg Stumpo: I just sat and listened to what was being said and what was going on, trying to get a feel.', "Trooper Greg Stumpo: Because at that point we really didn't know what had happened.", 'Except that this young woman was unaccountably dead. In a church! The ultimate sacrilege.', "But the detective, a closer observer perhaps of life's profanities, already understood what dawned that awful night on pastor Greg Shreaves.", 'Pastor Greg Shreaves: I knew that my ministry would never be the same in this congregation.', 'Pastor Greg Shreaves: That we would forever be changed as a worshipping community and me as a pastor.', "But what he didn't know, no one did, was that the death of Rhonda Smith would put into question everything this quiet country parish had ever believed about itself... or its members, its fellow Christians.", "Pastor Greg Shreaves: No way we thought anybody in here. That wasn't even on our radar screen.", 'Unbearably sad, and quite disturbing. A neighboring church offered its sympathy and opened its doors for a special memorial service for Rhonda. Members brought in flowers and cards. They clung together for support. Offers of help and sorrow arrived from Lutherans all across the country. Then there was the funeral, of course a few days later.', 'Trooper Greg Stumpo: You know, maybe it was a suicide, and maybe it was a homicide. And we had a lot of work to do to figure that out.', 'The detectives examined the church computer, and could see that Rhonda had been online until 10:55 a.m. that Wednesday, when activity abruptly stopped.', "But once Stumpo heard from Rhonda's father, Jim Smith, he found himself doubting that it was suicide.", "Paul Rose: There's an elementary school about half a mile down the road. Those kids were not allowed to go outside for recess.", 'It could have been a random killing, the pastor thought, strange though that might seem out here in the country.', 'Pastor Greg Shreaves: I frankly for a few weeks I thought it was a drive by shooting.', 'Or maybe her killing was part of a church invasion robbery of a sort. Some of the members told the two detectives about a strange visitor in the church the Sunday before Rhonda was murdered.', 'Back at headquarters, Stumpo and Eagan began to realize they might be dealing with something a little more personal than robbery or random violence.', "Nor, apparently, did the pastor. But then, just fishing now, they asked: Did he know any name, even a church member, anything that might help? And the pastor's expression changed.", "Voicemail recording of Mary Jane:I had a wonderful dream today. All kinds of things. I couldn't believe it.", 'Sue Brunner: I think Mary Jane thought that somehow we were doing things-- and not including her.', 'Trooper Bob Eagan: A .38 Rossi was one of the guns that could have been used to shoot Rhonda Smith.', 'Lake Nocamoxin is the only one around here. They decided to mount a search for the gun.', "She sent away for this statue, an angel, a memorial gift which she offered in Rhonda's memory. And one day, she phoned the Smiths and offered to bring them one of her homemade pies.", 'But Mary Jane showed up with that pie anyway, and invited herself in, where the Smiths noticed she needed new shoes.', "Mary Jane began to hang around the Smiths quite a bit, often wearing Rhonda's shoes. Troopers Stumpo and Eagan were stuck. They suspected Mary Jane.", 'And just a few days later, a boy named Garrett was down at Lake Noxamixon, fishing with his dad.', 'Garrett: Yeah, cause there was a gray heron over there and I was trying to get closer to it.', "It was an uncertain day in early spring, the sun's best efforts gave in to a cold afternoon wind.", 'Garrett: And then the wind started getting bigger and I was getting freeze to death.', "That's when he saw it, just at the edge of the water, maybe 20 feet down a steep slope from the highway.", 'Trooper Greg Stumpo: We submitted that to the lab to see if it was fired from her gun.', "Dave Zellis: She perceived, somehow, that pastor was having an affair with Rhonda Smith. When you listen to the tape, there's a portion in there where she almost believes that it was her job, or her duty, to protect the pastor from himself and protect the church from Rhonda Smith.", 'Even though, said the prosecutor, the pastor had in fact been entirely correct with all the women of the church.', 'Dave Zellis: So all these things were starting to really gnaw at her insides to the point when she called and found Rhonda Smith answered the phone, that was it.', 'That was when the Pastor had given Rhonda a three-day part-time job covering the church office in his absence.', 'Dave Zellis: And the door opens and Mary Jane walks in, walks up three feet away and pulls out a gun and fires away two shots.', 'But was she guilty? No, said Applebaum, no more than those women accused of witchcraft up in Salem all those years ago.', 'There was a bite in the Halloween wind that whipped around the country steeple in Bucks County, Pa.', 'At the courthouse in historic Doylestown, the county seat, the jury retired to consider the fate of Mary Jane Fonder, accused of killing - in a fit of jealousy - her fellow church member, Rhonda Smith.', 'And the congregation of Trinity Evangelical Lutheran held its collective breath... especially after a couple of alternate jurors offered their opinions to waiting church members outside the courtroom.', "The jury was not allowed to know, of course, what Sue Brunner and the Pastor and some of the others at the church were all too well aware of: the investigation of Mary Jane wasn't quite finished yet.", 'But the jury, last Halloween eve, knew none of that, and Prosecutor Zellis was nervous as Mary Jane moved in and out of the courtroom with her best Sunday manners sweetly in place.', 'This is a story, after all, about religion, as much as it is about the ultimate sin.', "At Trinity Evangelical Lutheran, the country church in deep Buck's County, the Rev. Greg Shreaves and his little flock still have some work to do on forgiveness, on grace. But they'll make it, said Pastor Shreaves, and so will he... in the wake of Mary Jane Fonder.", "Question: Is there anything you'd like to say to-- members of the church who have been here to follow the trial who--"]