['Pop sensation chats about her success since her "Call Me Maybe" single topped the charts.', "like it should have been in the 1980s can't is older than he had acted that's good to Natalie Let Cassidy senior  Best new artist  fund also they a coveted award. Pop vocal album went to Kelly Clarkson for her big hit a stronger. He's always ", "he had acted that's good to Natalie -- Let Cassidy senior -- Best new artist fund also they -- -- a -- -- coveted award. Pop vocal album went to Kelly Clarkson for her big hit a ", 'overwhelming winner. But lots of smiling faces. Like for  best new artist . I was never nominated in this category and I have my own eye lash line. Reporter:  Best new artist  winner, fun, took home song of the year. If this ', "night without an overwhelming winner. But lots of smiling faces. Like for best new artist . I was never nominated in this category and I have my own eye lash line. Reporter: Best new artist winner, fun, took home song of the year. If this is in hd, everybody can see our face, we're not very young. ", "bad watch an of that but I don't Mumford and sons channel orange by frank ocean and blunder bust by Jack White.  Best new artist  nominations. Alabama shakes hunter pays the mutineers. And frank ocean of grass all of those guys is coming up in ", 'sons channel orange by frank ocean and blunder bust by Jack White. Best new artist nominations. -- Alabama shakes -- hunter pays the mutineers. And frank ocean of grass all of those guys -- is coming up ', 'Reporter: Call me? Maybe not. Carly rae jepsen missed out on a best new artist nomination. But "call me maybe" did get tapped as song of the year. As for taylor, she got a nomination herself. The ', "favorite alternative rock group. And this soul R&B artists went to denies took home best to back hip hop album. And  best new artist  you Carly made yeah. I am flying there was also a trip down memory lane looking back AMA's forty year history ", '-- -- denies took home best to back hip hop album. And best new artist -- -- you Carly made yeah. I am flying -- -- there was also a trip down memory lane looking back -- ', "doesn't. These guys are paid by the nightclubs to corral as many young models as possible things that you here.  Best new artist . He makes enough pieces to afford this six grand a month apartment had economics work from this period we get paid ", 'as many young models as possible things that you -- -- here. Best new artist . He makes enough pieces to afford this six grand a month apartment had economics work from this period we get paid based ', "They grabbed a Grammy Award for  best new artist  in 2005 and the band Maroon 5 is still riding high with their latest hit moves like Jagger. Currently billboard's number one ", "They grabbed a Grammy Award for best new artist in 2005 and the band Maroon 5 is still riding high with their latest hit moves like Jagger. Currently billboard's number one ", 'She today indie rock just a short time ago nominated for  best new artist  Grammy only last year. But Florence Welch is already learned a party like rock in January she famously chipped her tooth and let ', '-- today indie rock -- just a short time ago nominated for best new artist Grammy only last year. But Florence Welch is already learned a party like -- rock -- in January she famously chipped her ', "winning  best new artist  over a strong Including Justin Bieber died you don't mess with those bonds she's already getting hate mail it's shocking ", "-- -- -- -- winning best new artist over a strong -- Including Justin Bieber died you don't mess with those -- bonds she's already getting hate mail it's shocking ", "voice and a bigger future. At age fourteen she made music history as the first country singer to win a Grammy as  best new artist . I've back and let this thing again. I haven't had time to to anything sink in and I guess it's just happened ", "music history as the first country singer to win a Grammy as best new artist . I've -- -- back and let this thing again. I haven't had time to -- to -- anything sink in and I ", "performing. Forget about it they should just keep their going all right now what the big shocker of the night winning  best new artist  over a strong field. Including Justin B. Right now you don't mess with those bonds she's already getting hate ", "what the big shocker of the night -- -- -- -- winning best new artist over a strong field. Including Justin B. Right now you don't mess with those -- bonds she's already getting hate mail that ", 'Sunday night. just a bit of a hard time hiding his discipline and tried to be a good sport after getting beat out for  best new artist  by the jazz passes Esperanza Spalding. She has got a hardcore group of fans including President Obama but as David ', 'and tried to be a good sport after getting beat out for best new artist by the jazz passes Esperanza Spalding. She has got a hardcore group of fans including President Obama but as David Wright reports ', "networks Twitter and and FaceBook all those Bieber fans I haven't After as Esperanza Spalding wins the when's the  best new artist  of the grammys in I have to say I'm getting all nominal bogey. Right now I want to just to be able to get up and ", "haven't -- -- -- After as Esperanza Spalding wins the when's the best new artist of the grammys in -- I have to say I'm getting all nominal bogey. Right now I want to just to be ", "like the basin and I think saying that they don't. God bless them and I'm making million anyway. Com. And so we choose 26 year old Esperanza Spalding by the way to first jazz musician. To take the  best new artist  title at the grammys.", 'Esperanza Spalding by the way to first jazz musician. To take the best new artist title at the grammys. ', 'her record thirteen nominations. Including video of the year and best female video both for the song bad romance.  Best new artist  went to Justin Bieber for baby featuring Ludacris and Eminem took home the best male video award for assault not a ', 'the year and best female video both for the song bad romance. Best new artist went to Justin Bieber for baby featuring Ludacris and Eminem took home the best male video award for assault not a phrase. ', "number one hit a debut album. Isn't kidding and Saturday night live with Madonna has taken a parent I totally Won  best new artist  at MTV video music awards. And that night. Performed as shocking blood soaked division this song paparazzi. So ", 'live with Madonna has taken a parent I totally -- -- Won best new artist at -- MTV video music awards. And that night. Performed as shocking blood soaked division -- this song paparazzi. So when I ', "and speaking of another band that's getting buzz  best new artist  went to brown When I first read that I thought I read would go to carry health and the last three winners for  best new artist  we're. Female solo so a little bit of surprise but ", "of buzz right now and speaking of another band that's getting buzz best new artist went to -- brown -- When I first read that I thought I read the -- F front man with. It proved to Lincoln what it might now -- and very different -- amount that is. Absolutely I think this case sort of -- -- rock band Atlanta based and you know they're very popular but most people would have thought that this would go to carry health and the last three winners for best new artist we're. Female solo -- so -- a little bit of surprise but you know they came on the show later they did ", 'there right there winning kind of the new artist at our  best new artist  yeah so I mean that was very thrilling and obviously proving that yeah this is what happened that you win  best new artist  and looking at what what happened the previous what ', 'But there right there winning kind of the new artist at our best new artist yeah so I mean that was very thrilling and obviously this is an announcement the rest of us out there. -- and in this band is you better check -- now because this award has this has a good kind of track record -- proving that yeah this is what happened that you win best new artist and looking at what what happened the previous -- -- what we know what can expect. Maxwell Taylor -- one last year. ', "spent just four years since John Legend released his debut album which one of my Grammy for  best new artist  he's now collaborated. But Lauren hill Alicia Keys and Kanye West and his third album evolve or. Is online and in stores now ", "John Legend released his debut album which one of my Grammy for best new artist he's now collaborated. But Lauren hill Alicia Keys and Kanye West and his third album evolve or. Is online and in stores "]