['Celebrity chef  Nigella Lawson  and art collector Charles Saatchi say they intend to conclude a "swift and amicable" divorce by the end of the month, with neither ', 'Celebrity chef  Nigella Lawson  and art collector Charles Saatchi say they intend to conclude a "swift and amicable" divorce by the end of the month, with neither ', 'World News. Dave M. Benett/Getty Images Saatchi Files for Divorce Charles Saatchi, 70, - husband of celebrity chef  Nigella Lawson , 53, - is filing for divorce. The development comes on the heels of headline-grabbing photographs that showed Saatchi ', 'The husband of celebrity chef  Nigella Lawson  called the photos of his grabbing her throat published in the author of nine cookbooks and host of the TV program " Nigella Bites ," is also a judge on ABC\'s cooking competition show ', 'tabloid of celebrity chef  Nigella Lawson  in a physical confrontation been hurt." Watch  Nigella Lawson  Discuss Her Role on \'The couple left separately.  Nigella Lawson  Prepares Classic Recipes of the TV program " Nigella Bites ," and, most recently ', 'and celebrity chef  Nigella Lawson  with what appears to been hurt." Watch  Nigella Lawson  Discuss Her Role on \'The couple left separately.  Nigella Lawson  Prepares Classic Recipes of the TV program " Nigella Bites ," and, most recently ', 'Disturbing photographs surfaced of British television star and celebrity chef  Nigella Lawson  with what appears to be her husband, art and advertising magnate Charles Saatchi, clenching her throat in public. The photos ', 'Image credit: Clarkson Potter  Nigella Lawson  broke outside the conventional life plan very early. At for my own existence, and I think that arms you." The  Nigella Lawson  that the world sees emerged from crisis. She was a young ', 'I know it sounds like a horrible thought but this is what makes it such an incredible delicacy," said celebrity chef  Nigella Lawson  . You mix it up weeks or months in advance, allowing it to mature. Then on Christmas morning, the pudding sweats long ', 'otherwise -- from our Platelist-featured chefs:  Nigella Lawson , Andrew Carmellini, Gavin Kayson and Joey Campanaro.  Nigella Lawson  Cooks From Family Traditions British celebrity chef  Nigella Lawson  said she revisited the Christmas traditions ', 'restaurant scene.  Nigella Lawson  has done things sampling of  Nigella Lawson \'s favorite Goddess" and " Nigella Express : Good Food include " Nigella Feasts " and " Nigella Express " on the Food Network and " Nigella Bites " on E! Entertainment ', 'Read the "Nightline" profile of chef  Nigella Lawson  HERE . Recipes are from "Nigella Christmas," Lawson\'s new book of recipes and entertaining tips for the holidays. Butternut ', 'Have a Super Bowl Sunday: Buffalo Wings, Cheeseburgers, Guacamole and Pico de Gallo', "Nigella Lawson  Husband Wants Divorce, Upset She Didn't Defend Him Amid Choking Flap", "Wardrobe. Good analysis.  Nigella lawson , you all saw the pictures. Her husband had his arms around her neck at one point cautioned by the police and now he's gone ", 'Wardrobe. Good analysis. Nigella lawson , you all saw the pictures. Her husband had his arms around her neck at one point cautioned by the police and now ', 'begin with the latest of the photos of celebrity chef,  nigella lawson , and her husband, saatchi. Different explanations of sunday people," say this was no innocent tiff between  nigella lawson  and her husband. Instead, in a new column for the paper ', 'We begin with the latest of the photos of celebrity chef, nigella lawson , and her husband, saatchi. Different explanations of what was going on at that restaurant. Paula faris has the details. Reporter: This morning, the photographer who took this shocking photo on the cover of britain\'s "sunday people," say this was no innocent tiff between nigella lawson and her husband. Instead, in a new column for the paper, he calls it, quote, 27 minutes of madness. What I saw ', "questions raised about a celebrity  nigella lawson  with her husband's hand wrapped around celebrity chef it's a shocking image,  nigella lawson  with her husband's hand at her throat of domestic violence. For her part  nigella lawson  isn't saying she's one of them ", "Some serious questions raised about a celebrity nigella lawson with her husband's hand wrapped around her throat in a restaurant packed with diners. Should one of them step in? When should you stop what looks like abuse. Reporter: Even if she was not a beloved celebrity chef it's a shocking image, nigella lawson with her husband's hand at her throat during a fight at a london restaurant. After a british tabloid wlished photos he insisted ", "one in four women are victims of domestic violence. For her part nigella lawson isn't saying she's one of them. She's left town. Tonight british police are investigating whether there may be sufficient evidence to charge ", "you go. We talk about it and I had to go through the kind of thing acknowledging I was indeed 18 years old. How they figured that out, i don't quite know. Unabridged version. Wardrobe. Good analysis.  Nigella lawson , you all saw the", "figured that out, i don't quite know. Unabridged version. Wardrobe. Good analysis. Nigella lawson , you all saw the ", 'of the muscle tissue in the heart. Everyone sending thoughts of him tonight. A new twist for the powerhouse star chef  nigella lawson . Today woe learned her husband is filing for divorce on the heels of those photos grabbing headlines, saatchi with his ', 'thoughts of him tonight. A new twist for the powerhouse star chef nigella lawson . Today woe learned her husband is filing for divorce on the heels of those photos grabbing headlines, saatchi with his hand on ', "All right. We're back, now, with  nigella lawson , known for great comfort food. Making classic dishes with a twist. Her new book, your ninth book, i understand. Do them well ", "All right. We're back, now, with nigella lawson , known for great comfort food. Making classic dishes with a twist. Her new book, your ninth book, i understand. Do them well, ", 'Our person of the week is reigning superstar. Of great food and living as you know which news Nigel Lawson is an author cook glamorous sensation. And you may have seen her lately on the new ABC food contest called taste. But before you meet her take a look at this promotional picture for the show.']