['Michael symon , every day on "the chew." He has a book out called "carnivore." Love the title. I like my meat. What can I say? This ', 'Michael symon , every day on "the chew." He has a book out called "carnivore." Love the title. I like my meat. What can I ', "Our friend Michael Simon is here this morning yeah. Still most of the and a couple of delicious summer dishes that we could not wait we've been tasting a lot of the credit but I have a food coma right now. Let them so I love you so much as. Your big and little snack and move appealing to scuttle", "One busy many at the networks have become you know all the time. And got this great show coming up I didn't see the September 26 at 1 o'clock bizarre behavior were ecstatic myself. Mario was fairly Clinton Kelly Carville called going to be a lot of gathered around the table food for everybody", "We're talking about we're talking about barbecuing it's summer it's Friday and Michael Simon is here iron shaft. You give us some really delicious ideas but also to talk about the the movies show. First of public places that someone is myself and more so Carla hall definitely Clinton Kelly round", "When I was a kid growing up every fall huge clam house. So this kind of my spin out of clam classic. And I wanted to get a little bit about. Midwestern so I've put some local in minor really bad a little bit up. Meat of the matter gives us some small goodness and it's just absolutely delicious so", 'the chew" -- make some noise -- for our "crunched" loudest show on earth spectacular. Sink your teeth into  michael symon \'s crispy pretzel crusted cutlet. Or crunch-tacular buffalo chicken spring rolls, drenched in a bleu cheese dipping ', 'for our "crunched" loudest show on earth spectacular. Sink your teeth into michael symon\'s crispy pretzel crusted cutlet. Or crunch-tacular buffalo chicken spring rolls, drenched in a bleu cheese dipping sauce, from jason roberts and daphne ', 'dog is called the "wang ding." Announcer: From this popular dog that relishes in a barbeque asian blend -- to  michael symon \'s savory salami egg sandwich. Plus, mario batali\'s double stacked meaty surprise. And gooey blueberry caramel ', "this popular dog that relishes in a barbeque asian blend -- to michael symon's savory salami egg sandwich. Plus, mario batali's double stacked meaty surprise. And gooey blueberry caramel sticky buns from daphne oz. Then, clinton ", 'deen is throwing down her own country captain chicken masterpiece. And these aren\'t just any fried green tomatoes.  Michael symon \'s pairing \'em up with a buttermilk dipping sauce. And it starts right now on "the chew." hello, and welcome ', 'country captain chicken masterpiece. And these aren\'t just any fried green tomatoes. Michael symon\'s pairing \'em up with a buttermilk dipping sauce. And it starts right now on "the chew." hello, and welcome to "the chew." ', 'Wait. I need to -- I need to tell a quick -- can i tell a quick story? Oh, gosh. Oh, no. Quick story and  michael symon  -- yeah, okay. Wait. Now listen, pot calling kettle. So, when I -- when I got my apartment in new york, clinton ', 'i tell a quick story? Oh, gosh. Oh, no. Quick story and michael symon -- yeah, okay. Wait. Now listen, pot calling kettle. So, when I -- when I got my apartment in new york, clinton ', 'coast-to-coast week is giving you a taste of new england. Welcome to boston, massachusetts. Announcer: And  michael symon  takes on the iconic clambake with a kielbasa edge -- plus, a boston cream pie, a classic new england breakfast ', 'you a taste of new england. Welcome to boston, massachusetts. Announcer: And michael symon takes on the iconic clambake with a kielbasa edge -- plus, a boston cream pie, a classic new england breakfast, and -- ', "No, I know you guys are building up an appetite with your fancy dancing, so I figured I'd get the food ready.  Michael symon , this was your idea to dress up like the blues brothers, and you didn't even go -- here's what happens on ", 'with your fancy dancing, so I figured I\'d get the food ready. Michael symon , this was your idea to dress up like the blues brothers, and you didn\'t even go -- here\'s what happens on "the ', "added together will cost you under $50. That's right from carla hall's cheesy cheddar chili quesadillas. To  michael symon 's crowd-pleasing bacon pasta. To daphne oz's chocolate banana dippers. And so much more. Even clinton kelly's ", "under $50. That's right from carla hall's cheesy cheddar chili quesadillas. To michael symon's crowd-pleasing bacon pasta. To daphne oz's chocolate banana dippers. And so much more. Even clinton kelly's setting a spending budget on his "]