[" A Night With Janis Joplin  Mary Bridget Davies stars as '60s icon Janis Joplin in this critically-acclaimed new musical....a concert/theater celebration of one of Rock 'n' Roll's greatest legends. (more) ", " A Time to Kill  A stage adaptation of John Grisham's best-selling novel, set in a racially-divided Mississippi town where a young black girl has just been attacked, comes to Broadway. (more) ", " After Midnight   Grammy-winner Fantasia stars in a new jazz musical featuring songs by Duke Ellington and celebrating Harlem's glamorous Golden Age. (more) ", ' Annie   84.2% sold last weekCritics = 4.0Audiences = 4.6The well-loved musical based on the Little Orphan Annie comic strip is back on Broadway - now featuring Tony-winner Faith Prince as Miss Hannigan. (more) ', " Betrayal  Film star Daniel Craig, Oscar-winner Rachel Weisz, and Olivier-nominee Rafe Spall star in Harold Pinter's time-bending exploration of marital infidelity. (more) ", ' Big Fish   Two-time Tony-winner Norbert Leo Butz and Tony-nominees Kate Baldwin and Bobby Steggert star in a new musical based on the 2003 film of the same name....songs by Tony-nominee Andrew Lippa and direction/choreography by five-time Tony-winner Susan Stroman. (more) ', ' Billy Crystal: 700 Sundays  Billy Crystal stars in an encore production of his Tony-winning autobiographical show about growing up on Long Island. (more) ', " Chicago  95.6% sold last weekCritics = 4.9Audiences = 4.3An elegant, minimally-staged revival of Kander & Ebb's gritty, satirical musical - lust, treachery, and murder among chorus girls and backstage types in old Chicago. Winner of 6 Tony Awards, including Best Revival of a Musical. (more) ", " Cinderella   83.9% sold last weekCritics = 3.6Audiences = 4.7Rodgers and Hammerstein's made-for-TV classic, newly adapted for the stage by Tony-nominee Douglas Carter Beane, is now on Broadway. (more) ", ' First Date  88.8% sold last weekZachary Levi from TV\'s "Chuck" and Krysta Rodriguez from TV\'s "Smash" star in a 90-minute contemporary musical about a mismatched couple on a blind date. (more) ', " Forever Tango   73.3% sold last weekCritics = 3.3The international dance spectacle, which had a long NYC run in the late 90's and a shorter run in 2004, returns to its original Broadway home, the Walter Kerr Theatre. (more) ", ' Jersey Boys  88.7% sold last weekCritics = 3.6Audiences = 4.8A bio-revue telling the story and singing the songs of the Four Seasons, starring Tony-winner John Lloyd Young as Frankie Valli. Winner of 4 Tony Awards, including Best Musical. (more) ', ' Kinky Boots  100.8% sold last weekCritics = 3.6Audiences = 4.4A new musical with songs by pop star Cyndi Lauper (in a smashing debut as a Broadway composer) about a Northampton shoemaker whose business is saved by a wildly flamboyant clientele. Winner of 6 Tony Awards, including Best Musical. (more) ', " Let It Be    70.8% sold last weekCritics = 2.9A 'concert experience' chronicling the Beatles' rise from Liverpool's Cavern Club to the height of fame, featuring a tribute band performing some of the band's greatest hits. (more) ", " Mamma Mia   88.0% sold last weekCritics = 3.1Audiences = 4.6This lively pop musical featuring the songs of the '70s Swedish super-group ABBA has been playing to enthusiastic nightly standing ovations for more than a decade. (more) ", " Matilda   100.7% sold last weekCritics = 4.3The Royal Shakespeare Company's adaptation of Roald Dahl's beloved  children's book has come to Broadway, and seems destined for a long, successful run. (more) ", " Motown: the Musical  100.7% sold last weekCritics = 2.9Audiences = 4.7This new musical about Motown Records founder Berry Gordy, starring Tony-nominees Brandon Victor Dixon as Gordy and Valisia LeKae as Diana Ross, is one of Broadway's hottest tickets. (more) ", " Newsies   100.5% sold last weekCritics = 4.0Audiences = 4.3Now in its second year on Broadway, Disney's high-energy musical about the newsboy strike of 1899 is a solid hit. Winner of 2 Tony Awards - Best Score and Best Choreography. (more) ", " No Man's Land   Ian McKellen, Patrick Stewart, Billy Crudup and Shuler Hensley star in Harold Pinter's existential classic. (more) ", ' Once  94.7% sold last weekCritics = 4.3Audiences = 4.5After a high-profile Off-Broadway run this new musical based on the Irish independent film of the same title transferred to Broadway, where it has captured the hearts of critics and audiences alike. Winner of 8 Tony Awards, including Best Musical. (more) ', ' Pippin  101.3% sold last weekCritics = 4.6Audiences = 4.9The magic-themed coming-of-age musical, featuring songs by "Wicked" composer Stephen Schwartz and direction by Tony-nominee Diane Paulus, is back on Broadway with a 40th anniversary revival. Winner of 4 Tony Awards, including Best Revival of a Musical. (more) ', " Richard III  Direct from London, a highly-acclaimed production of Shakespeare's great tragedy, featuring an all-male ensemble headed by two-time Tony-winner Mark Rylance as the Bard's hunchbacked, homicidal, and altogether monstrous monarch. (more) ", ' Rock of Ages  92.7% sold last weekCritics = 3.7Audiences = 4.7This winking tribute to the \'80s features arena-rock hits from Bon Jovi, Journey, and Poison....the NY Times says it "is about as guilty as pleasures get." (more) ', ' Romeo and Juliet  British film star Orlando Bloom ("Pirates of the Caribbean") and Tony-nominee Condola Rashad  play Shakespeare\'s star-crossed lovers in Tony-nominee David Leveaux\'s new production. (more) ', " Soul Doctor  85.7% sold last weekA new musical about Rabbi Shlomo Carlebach, the controversial 'father of popular Jewish music,' featuring Grammy-winner Indie Arie as Rabbi Carlebach's friend and inspiration, Nina Simone. (more) ", " Spider-Man, Turn Off The Dark    84.1% sold last weekCritics = 2.7Audiences = 3.9Despite well-publicized technical issues and performance delays, the new musical about Marvel's marvelous superhero finally opened on Broadway and now seems set for a long run. (more) ", " The Assembled Parties  82.8% sold last weekCritics = 4.1Manhattan Theatre Club presents Tony-winner Judith Light and Tony-nominee Jessica Hecht in Richard Greenberg's new play about a New York family grasping for stability at the dawn of a new millennium. (more) ", ' The Book of Mormon  102.6% sold last weekCritics = 4.7Audiences = 4.9From the creators of "South Park" and "Avenue Q," a bawdy, irreverent, hilarious, and heartfelt new musical about two missionaries sent to deepest, darkest Africa to spread the good word. Winner of 9 Tony Awards, including Best Musical. (more) ', ' The Bridges of Madison County  A new musical based on the 1992 romantic novel, featuring book by Pulitzer-winner Marsha Norman and songs by Tony-winner Jason Robert Brown, comes to Broadway. (more) ', " The Glass Menagerie  Tony-winner Cherry Jones stars in a critically-acclaimed revival of Tennessee Williams' haunting memory play. (more) ", " The Lion King    99.3% sold last weekCritics = 4.7Audiences = 4.7In Julie Taymor's inventive retelling of  Disney's animated hit, puppets and live actors weave a dreamscape of jungle characters as we follow the rise of young Simba to the throne. Winner of 6 Tony Awards, including Best Musical. (more) ", " The Nance  68.5% sold last weekCritics = 3.8Audiences = 4.5Lincoln Center Theater presents Tony-winner Nathan Lane as a closeted gay vaudeville performer in Douglas Carter Beane's new play. (more) ", ' The Phantom of the Opera   98.5% sold last weekCritics = 3.8Audiences = 4.6In this classic musical - the longest running production in Broadway history - a hideously deformed man lives in the cellars of the Paris Opera and takes a stunningly beautiful soprano as a student. Winner of 7 Tony Awards, including Best Musical. (more) ', " The Trip to Bountiful  59.4% sold last weekCritics = 4.1Audiences = 4.8Emmy and Tony Award winner Cicely Tyson, Oscar-winner Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Tony-nominee Vanessa Williams star in Horton Foote's drama about an elderly woman who longs to return to her childhood home. (more) ", " Twelfth Night  Direct from London, a critically-acclaimed production of Shakespeare's outrageous comedy of mistaken identity and unrequited love, featuring an all-male ensemble headed by two-time Tony-winner Mark Rylance. (more) ", " Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike  93.7% sold last weekCritics = 4.5Audiences = 4.8Tony-nominees David Hyde Pierce, Kristine Nielsen, and Sigourney Weaver star in Christopher Durang's uproarious homage to Anton Chekhov. Winner of the Tony Award for Best Play. (more) ", " Waiting for Godot   Ian McKellen, Patrick Stewart, Billy Crudup and Shuler Hensley star in Samuel Beckett's existential masterpiece. (more) ", 'Attendance data is provided by the League of American Theatres and Producers, Inc. for the last full week of performances.', "Critics' ratings represent an average score for reviews published by major NYC and national print sources. To rate the reviews, we use a 1 to 5 scale, with 5 being excellent.", 'Audience ratings come from our subscribers, all of whom are verified attendees of the events they rate. Again, the scale is 1 to 5, with 5 being excellent.', 'Save Document - This effect is saved as a single HTML document (No support files required!).  To view and edit your saved effect, open the document in your browser.', "Kim from Memphis, TN Nobody Loves You 4 tickets. Saved $64Monette from Tecumseh, CA First Date 2 tickets. Saved $61Debbie from Westwood, MA Cinderella 4 tickets. Saved $123Stuart from Wellington, FL Cinderella 5 tickets. Saved $178Robert from Everett, WA The Phantom of the Opera 6 tickets. Saved $97Sandra from C.A.B.A, AR Annie 4 tickets. Saved $85Dan from Winter Garden, FL Annie 3 tickets. Saved $55Debra from Princess Anne, MD Tennessee Williams' The Two Character Play 3 tickets. Saved $86Cameron from Highland Park, IL Chicago 2 tickets. Saved $65Karen from East Meadow, NY Annie 4 tickets. Saved $85Sangita from Ottawa, CA Mamma Mia 4 tickets. Saved $161Tracy from Lake Andes, SD First Date 2 tickets. Saved $61Kelly from Shoreham, NY The Gazillion Bubble Show 8 tickets. Saved $288Donna from Massapequa Park, NY The Gazillion Bubble Show 5 tickets. Saved $145Linda from North Kingstown, RI The Nance 3 tickets. Saved $54Bella from Vaughan, CA My Name is Asher Lev 3 tickets. Saved $67Kristina from Fairview Park, OH The Phantom of the Opera 4 tickets. Saved $73Shirley from Hamilton, GA The Phantom of the Opera 3 tickets. Saved $81Nelly from New York, NY Forever Tango 3 tickets. Saved $157William from Plano, TX Peter and the Starcatcher 3 tickets. Saved $57Larry from New Castle, DE The Phantom of the Opera 2 tickets. Saved $59Deborah from Holliswood, NY Cinderella 3 tickets. Saved $93Barbara from Bloomfield, MI My Name is Asher Lev 6 tickets. Saved $181Jean from New York, NY Fuerza Bruta 4 tickets. Saved $91Philip from New City, NY Fuerza Bruta 3 tickets. Saved $60Hope from Chester, NJ Annie 6 tickets. Saved $115Pat from Texarkana, AR Spider-Man, Turn Off The Dark 4 tickets. Saved $167Donald from Plainfield, NJ Mamma Mia 2 tickets. Saved $94Dori from Chicago, IL The Assembled Parties 3 tickets. Saved $121Alexander from Bronx, NY Tennessee Williams' The Two Character Play 4 tickets. Saved $99Menglin from Piscataway, NJ Mamma Mia 2 tickets. Saved $88Selenia from Astoria, NY Cinderella 3 tickets. Saved $108Deborah from Aurora, OH Cinderella 4 tickets. Saved $115Loren from Greene, NY Cinderella 3 tickets. Saved $113John from Durham, NC Cinderella 2 tickets. Saved $75John from Durham, NC First Date 2 tickets. Saved $86Joseph from Bloomfield, CT The Assembled Parties 2 tickets. Saved $94", 'Vertical Scroll, Copyright 2005, OpenCube Inc. All Rights Reserved. vertical scroll marquee effect by OpenCube']