['minions of "Despicable Me 2" squeaked out another win at the box office last weekend, beating out the debuts of the  Adam Sandler  comedy "Grown Ups 2" and sci-fi fanboy flick "Pacific Rim." The animated sequel from Universal pulled down ', 'animated sequel "Despicable Me 2" outdid the debuts of the  Adam Sandler  comedy "Grown Ups 2" and Guillermo Del Toro\'s monsters-versus-robots action flick "Pacific Rim." Sony was pleased with  Sandler \'s second-best movie opening of his career with ', 'Station. Click to watch.  Sandler  Vs. Cheetah On "Late Show With David Letterman," comedian  Adam Sandler  revealed that during a family gonna do was let him eat me,"  Sandler  said during the show. "There that was gonna fight back."  Sandler  was apparently bending down ', 'Adam Sandler  Attacked by a Cheetah  Adam Sandler  told Dave Letterman Wednesday night that he almost died from could think was: wasn\'t that the plot of "The Animal"?  Sandler  said he was filming a new movie with Drew Barrymore in South ', 'boo-boo.\'" It\'s not the first time the cartoon impersonators have been acting out of character. In September,  Adam Sandler  was arrested in Central Park dressed as Elmo, after he went on an anti-Semitic rant. Another man, Damon Torres ', 'too much of a coward to accept this." Johnny Depp,  Adam Sandler  and Dwayne Johnson also received trophies for their Wreck-It Ralph Favorite Voice from an Animated Movie  Adam Sandler , Hotel Transylvania Favorite Male Buttkicker Dwayne ', 'Wreck-It Ralph" Favorite Voice from an Animated Movie Chris Rock, "Madagascar 3: Europe\'s Most Wanted"  Adam Sandler , "Hotel Transylvania" Ben Stiller, "Madagascar 3: Europe\'s Most Wanted" Taylor Swift, "The Lorax" Favorite ', 'Director (Bill Condon), Worst Actress (Stewart) and Worst Supporting Actor (Lautner). Other Razzie winners included  Adam Sandler  for Worst Actor for "That\'s My Boy" and Rihanna for Worst Supporting Actress in "Battleship." (Dave J Hogan ', 'Alex Cross" and "Tyler Perry\'s Good Deeds"  Adam Sandler , "That\'s My Boy!" FULL COVERAGE: Razzie Awards Get-Up, "Tyler Perry\'s Madea\'s Witless Protection"  Adam Sandler  and either Leighton Meester, Andy Samberg or Susan ', '2." Which film do you think is worthy of "Worst Picture of the Year?" Cast your vote At last year\'s Razzies,  Adam Sandler \'s film "Jack & Jill" set a record by taking home 10 Razzies, causing many to wonder if his film "That\'s My Boy ', '1980 and are meant as an Oscar spoof, as they are revealed the day before the big show. At last year\'s Razzies,  Adam Sandler \'s film "Jack & Jill" set a record by taking home 10 Razzies, causing many to wonder if his film "That\'s My Boy ', 'Favorite Face of Heroism Jennifer Lawrence, "The Hunger Games" Favorite Comedic Movie "Ted" Favorite Comedic Actor  Adam Sandler  Favorite Comedic Actress Jennifer Aniston Favorite Dramatic Movie "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" Favorite Dramatic ', 'nominees for worst picture are the  Adam Sandler  comedy "That\'s My Boy," the Tyler Perry\'s Good Deeds"  Adam Sandler , "That\'s My Boy!" Worst Supporting Madea\'s Witless Protection"  Adam Sandler  and either Leighton Meester, Andy ', "starts with an action home video from  adam sandler  on a family vacation in south africa cheetah pounces, right there.  Sandler  says he thought he was going to wouldn't have known it. Watch again,  sandler  barely flinches when it happens ", 'Our "instant index" starts with an action home video from adam sandler on a family vacation in south africa, he bends down near a pond and watch this. A cheetah pounces, right there. Sandler says he thought he was going to die although you wouldn\'t have known it. Watch again, sandler barely flinches when it happens and tells david letterman what was going through his mind. All I was going to do was let him eat me. There was not one part of me that was going to fight back. The guide said sandler probably provoked the cheetah by crouching down so low, not a good idea around cats. A challenge of space has been solved ', "Shaq,  adam sandler , on yesterday. So much fun. Now, it's great to welcome salma hayek, now to times square. Great to have you here. Thank ", "Shaq, adam sandler , on yesterday. So much fun. Now, it's great to welcome salma hayek, now to times square. Great to have you here. Thank ", 'Earlier about about  Adam Sandler . We got Kevin James right here we got David spent. winning here You know Chris really started off. In the first you constantly ', 'Earlier about about Adam Sandler . We got Kevin James right here we got David spent. -- winning here -- -- -- -- You know Chris really started ', 'Shaq,  Adam Sandler , David Spade and Kevin James show off their hoops skills in Times Square.', "life with this. He likes it only but could be offensive. A thousand ways only  Adam Sandler  commando turned hair stylist to fight a brand new way to save the world. Here is Defendant David what at a time you don't mess ", 'only -- -- -- but could be offensive. A thousand ways only Adam Sandler commando turned hair stylist to fight a brand new way to save the world. Here is -- Defendant David what -- -- ', 'Look at kevin james. Kevin james. A stud over there.  Sandler . Babe. And kevin james. We thought, that looks like little project. We have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday.  Adam sandler , david spade, chris james, maya rudolph. And many of them ', 'working on a little project. We have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday. Adam sandler , david spade, chris james, maya rudolph. And many of them will be here. The whole family. se the not so pretty truthabout ', "from that's my boys starring  Adam Sandler  and this year. In December that's let's bring you get to work with  Adam Sandler  and you keep peace on yes more shooting me. What's one is an  Adam Sandler  why. Is it because we all think ", "So you have just seen a theme from that's my boys starring Adam Sandler and this year. In December that's right let's bring you get to work with Adam Sandler and you keep -- peace on yes more can US. I I've got nothing left it with what I'm -- around the ", "wing to care -- in the shooting me. What's one is an Adam Sandler -- why. Is it because we all think -- guy you know they're just sit there haven't fund. Yes I think -- "]