['suggesting instead a route southwest of the center. UK:  ROGUE TRADER  IN COURT Reuters reports that the trader accused of losing $2.3 billion in a fraud at Swiss bank  UBS  goes on trial in London on Monday , in a case expected to bankers under the spotlight. Ghanaian-born equities trader  Kweku Adoboli  denies two counts of fraud and two of false accounting between ', 'UBS  chief executive Oswald Gruebel The board of directors asked  UBS  Europe chief Sergio P. Ermotti Oswald Gruebel\'s decision,"  UBS  Chairman Kaspar Villiger said London-based  UBS  securities trader  Kweku Adoboli , 31, was arrested last week ', 'ROGUE TRADER  CHARGED  Rogue trader  suspect  Kweku Adoboli  was charged by police today in unauthorised deals at Swiss banking giant  UBS . He will appear in court later today reports in the British media say,  UBS  only discovered the massive loss ', 'rogue trades at Swiss bank  UBS .  Kweku Adoboli , 31, was arrested at 3 of the Press Association.  UBS , Switzerland\'s biggest bank flat a few blocks from the  UBS  office for about $6,320 can\'t believe that it (the  rogue trader ) is him," Octave said ', 'A FIRST LOOK: Rogue UBS  Trader Loses $2 Billion + Apple Juice Showdown: Dr. Besser vs. Dr. Oz', "certainly is right now let's check out  UBS  their reasoning at the end out that they lost from that  rogue trader  at last week. What was it a couple billion more. Yet it was two billion and then  UBS  came out yesterday and actually it's 2.3 billion also  UBS  last week was not. Giving information ", "the stock a higher. It certainly is right now let's check out UBS their reasoning at the end out that they lost from that rogue trader at last week. What was it a couple billion that He Los is that more. Yet it was two billion and then UBS came out yesterday and actually it's 2.3 billion also UBS last week was not. Giving information on what kind of trades this guy had made. And now they're saying it was trades on on SNP. Jacks as well as Euro Stoxx index futures. And not what they wanna point out also is where the company says the positions taken more than the normal business -- a large global equity trading house. As part of a properly hedged portfolio this is the part I wanted to get it. They said the magnitude of the risk it was announced by the petitions positions because UBS from the get go has that look we had this loss it was an unauthorized trades at. It's put a lot of pressure on the CEO because this is a bank you talked last week that lost 65 billion dollars during the financial crisis. The CEO says he's not going anywhere that this is not good for UBS . All right we're just getting some data on housing market and just a little bit what are you expecting there. Rates and ", "expensive price hundred dollars an turmoil at  UBS  in the CEO is now gone in the wake of in the wake it is big trading scandal  UBS . Where  rogue trader  actually 'cause 2.3 billion dollars losses for the firm. So a lot of confusion  UBS  you know the stock market reacting is ", "Look pretty expensive price -- hundred dollars an -- -- turmoil at UBS in the CEO is now gone in the wake of this rogue trading scandal and investors seem to like that. PS AC I slugger though He is leaving his top post at this is of course in the wake it is big trading scandal -- UBS . Where rogue trader actually 'cause 2.3 billion dollars in losses for the firm. So a lot of confusion UBS you know the stock market reacting is slightly positively to the news. They're really no no way of making up for some glasses that they had last week after these treating us as. The pot now is UBS it seems -- that little -- have been a lot of confusion investors really don't know what's happening you know. In times like this are always gonna have a strong leader Il is would have some of the top is going the way the fact agreeable actually left cutting a lot of confusion and investors say it's actually one of them said it's in the state of disarray right now the banks it. UBS really needs to give confidence back as investors in the banking really clean up a lot of this mess after this scandal. ", "this morning we've been talking about a  rogue trader UBS  being blamed for two billion dollar trade. And that there's a huge loss for  UBS  two billion dollar loss he's been arrested two billion dollar loss. Well below for  UBS  because keep in mind this is one of the ", "creating quite a bit abuzz this morning we've been talking about a rogue trader UBS being blamed for two billion dollar trade. And that there's a huge loss for UBS two billion dollar loss he's been arrested -- what else do you know. Rate as a trader who was arrested in London. On just a few hours ago it took place in the investment bank UB asks big Swiss bank saying that it was an un authorized trade that it is a two billion dollar loss. Well below for UBS because keep in mind this is one of the banks that really took one of the biggest hits. During the financial meltdown ", 'when you think two billion dollar loss you think. 65 billion that UBS -- it almost seemed like just two billion dollar. Is what yeah courses not biggest gap which is just too scary that ', "Aren't let's mr. earnings and talk about  UBS  how losses from that  rogue trader  hurt their bottom line. Yes just taken in a big dollars in losses. Showed up loud and clear in  UBS 's in fact profits fell 39% from a year ago here ", "far as markets are concerned. Aren't let's mr. earnings and talk about UBS how -- losses from that rogue trader hurt their bottom line. Yes -- just taken in a big way remembering its rogue trader 'cause they 2.3 billion dollars in losses. Showed up loud and clear in UBS's -- in fact profits fell 39% from a year ago -- here is this -- It actually wasn't as -- as analysts were expecting and that's because UBS actually had a one time accounting gain. That helped offset some of those glasses -- perhaps a little bit better than what analysts were expecting but I will say. Not Sid good news coming out of the UBS -- quite yet there -- comments -- they're going to be looking to cut and their wealth management division posted their investment ", "news out of London this morning that  rogue trader  accused of losing 2.3 million dollars  UBS  was in court what happened there. Yeah really shed some unfavorable light on  UBS  one of the largest investment banks was supervising banks says he's a  rogue trader  did an honest seven get the details but it doesn't look good for  UBS . Because it does it could potentially ", "what's happening here up. Some news out of London this morning that rogue trader accused of losing 2.3 million dollars -- UBS was in court what happened there. Yeah -- he pled not guilty and this is very interesting because it doesn't raise. Concerns ", "could be the case it will really shed some unfavorable light on UBS one of the largest investment banks in the world will also. Give us an indication of what goes not appease Wall Street firms are -- aloud to you. The pretty free with the best -- me what kind of supervision policy under he says he was supervising banks says he's a rogue trader did an honest -- seven -- get the details but it doesn't look good for UBS . Because it does it could potentially show that someone there. Wasn't doing -- job. And we'll see how that shakes out and the world's going to be watching Alan camp from UBS RBS this CEO for the Royal Bank of Scotland is waiving his a bonus did he have much of a choice next "]