['Co-host of ABC\'s "The Chew" prepares a delicious Italian meal completely from vegetables.', "Test Text1 plain  Mario batali 's sons gave him a cookbook, things they love making for him. Now the batali brothers cookbook out in time for father's day ", "Test Text1 plain Mario batali's sons gave him a cookbook, things they love making for him. Now the batali brothers cookbook out in time for father's day ", 'introduce our good friend, from "the chew." Glorious restaurants in and about the city of new york and elsewhere, he is  mario batali . Dishes with fresh, seasonal ingredients perfect for earth day. We love to celebrate sustainability and smaller carbon ', 'in and about the city of new york and elsewhere, he is mario batali . Dishes with fresh, seasonal ingredients perfect for earth day. We love to celebrate sustainability and smaller carbon footprints. We giveut seed pacts. ', "We're here with  mario batali , our special christmas co-host. He kicked off the 12 days of christmas countdown. Why not have him back for the perfect holiday ", "We're here with mario batali , our special christmas co-host. He kicked off the 12 days of christmas countdown. Why not have him back for the perfect holiday ", 'in here, buddy. Dig in. Our good friend and host of abc\'s "the chew," he is the one and only, the singular  mario batali  here. Adding your spin for turkey day, it\'s a spin I cannot wait to dig into. What are we talking about here ', 'of abc\'s "the chew," he is the one and only, the singular mario batali here. Adding your spin for turkey day, it\'s a spin I cannot wait to dig into. What are we talking about here? ', "Test Text1 plain Mario, in the studio. We're counting down to christmas. And by the way, in honor of being -- having mario here, the 12 days of cooking. You're counting friday, too. That's right. You're like our partridge in a pear tree. That's better than being two french hens. Superchef, co-host", 'Very excited about having our friend,  mario batali , here, from "the chew." He has tasty dishes. The garlic is not to be believed. You smell like a field of lilies. Don\'t ', 'Very excited about having our friend, mario batali , here, from "the chew." He has tasty dishes. The garlic is not to be believed. You smell like a field of lilies. ', 'Chef, author of "Simple Family Meals," prepares various options for Thanksgiving', 'Co-host of "The Chew" prepares his favorite holiday classic Tortellini in Brodo.', "You almost fifty million Americans struggle to feed their families every single day and our next guest we'll try to change that tonight. Food banks and largest fund raiser and Italians MHZ board members support the the food bank prettier city and thank you guys for joining us good morning to you", "Gentlemen princess and the kids aren't seconds ball. Is running free. Thank you job. Not several other like us. Privately run out and cook off our chefs have put the final touches on their traditions we open up. Do they can't surprise some of the secret ingredient bacon you know normally have to", "Backbeat is definitely the is also taking PC there's just under eighteen minutes left ago. Panda panda master chef smack down between emerald. You'll have Mario who'll be serving up winning this we're having our audience because there's no way we could decide now. It. You're full of big right. yes", "I don't anyway. who can make the best finish just 45 minutes with a secret ingredient. It has not stopped must wrap or groundhog. You chose this sickening gave an ingredient GMA that vote the stakes could not be hires let's talk to our. Kitchen combatants have really good friends and one halfway", "About right so why George and storage Are and its shoe led by. At a lovable Mario bit off a little more than he could shoes. We will be. I don't okay. He takes another and I don't that I love that's great. It's okay you can watch that over and over again I went and that was a healthy general says", "Mario cooks variations of classic meals that won't leave you tipping the scales."]