["HBO's new film explores the relationship between  Alfred Hitchcock  and Tippi Hedren.", 'Alfred Hitchcock\'s  classic beats out "Citizen Kane" in latest poll by film critics.', 'Take inspiration from  Alfred Hitchcock  and adorn home with black birds, crows.', 'there. I was being raised by two actors and at you know five to ten I was on sets with Martin Scorsese how slash B  Alfred Hitchcock  Watching them and provide child does yeah. Try everything we we characters have to be flawed protagonists have to ', 'to ten I was on sets with Martin Scorsese how slash B Alfred Hitchcock -- Watching them and provide -- child does yeah. Try everything we -- we characters have to be flawed protagonists have to ', "Opening tomorrow one master portraying another Anthony Hopkins starting on the local ago. Helen here co stars as  Alfred Hitchcock 's wife own. I promised my I wouldn't. Are there any good casting Hopkins cannot do now that looks that made ", "-- on the local -- ago. Helen here -- co stars as Alfred Hitchcock's wife own. I promised my I wouldn't. Are there any good casting Hopkins cannot do now that looks -- that made it ", 'those left off the list can take comfort there in good company. Judy Garland was passed over for the wizard books.  Alfred Hitchcock  never won best director. Although he was nominated for Psycho and four other films. In recent history I think the ', 'in good company. Judy Garland was passed over for the wizard books. Alfred Hitchcock never won best director. Although he was nominated for Psycho and four other films. In recent history I think the biggest shocker ', "whole flocks of birds attack. A real event inspired  Alfred Hitchcock  to make is classic movie and ABC's Dan Harris has headlines and catching the attention and a guy named  Alfred Hitchcock  who had a mansion nearby. What has been in the history ", "What would make whole flocks of birds attack. A real event inspired Alfred Hitchcock to make is classic movie and ABC's Dan Harris has the answer. We've known all along about these psychotic please killers -- ", 'of houses making headlines and catching the attention and a guy named Alfred Hitchcock who had a mansion nearby. What has been in the history of these years is what caused them like birds to freak ', "was played a part of the jury. But didn't get this tried to come up with a big dial M for murder straight out  Alfred Hitchcock  claiming that there had been a switcheroo with the keys. But as it turned out there holds CEMEX fell flat in closing ", 'come up with a big dial M for murder -- straight out Alfred Hitchcock claiming that there had been a switcheroo with the keys. But as it turned out there holds CEMEX fell flat in closing ', "the casting crew with the insisted that I experience it for myself. I think we hope you don't that's. It's  Alfred Hitchcock  at his finest 39 steps. A classic whodunit from 1935. With more than 150 characters portrayed on screen. Unloaded ", "it for myself. -- I think we hope you don't that's. It's Alfred Hitchcock at his finest 39 steps. A classic whodunit from 1935. With more than 150 characters portrayed on screen. Unloaded in a way ", "British royalty of long enjoyed mingling with Hollywood royalty. It was Princess Margaret the queen sister with  Alfred Hitchcock  in 1965. Years later Prince Charles wild by Charlie's Angels Farrah Fawcett and then has Lee Majors and Jaclyn ", "mingling with Hollywood royalty. It was Princess Margaret the queen sister with Alfred Hitchcock in 1965. Years later Prince Charles wild by Charlie's Angels Farrah Fawcett and then has -- Lee Majors and Jaclyn Smith there ", "shelves for Shutter Island. I don't try and horror films from the forties and fifties and that master of suspense.  Alfred Hitchcock . I think. after someone grainy maybe that's the close up the points of view shots you know he's been quoted ", "horror films from the forties and fifties and that master of suspense. Alfred Hitchcock . -- I think. -- after someone grainy maybe that's the close up -- the points of view shots you know he's been ", "before I get there sometimes it's overkill. Is a far cry from the days of York in a famous trailer for Psycho  Alfred Hitchcock  viewers on a tour of the Bates motel. But He specifically and didn't tell us what happened except would be very ", "from the days of York in a famous trailer for Psycho -- Alfred Hitchcock -- viewers on a tour of the Bates motel. But He specifically and didn't tell us what happened except -- would be ", 'nothing compared to the number of steams to women received they were strong. Probably thousands of time it was like an  Alfred Hitchcock  and they were covered from head of immediately started IV and rapid transport fire crews used foam to eliminate that ', 'received they were strong. Probably thousands of time it was like an Alfred Hitchcock and they were covered from head of -- -- immediately started IV -- and rapid transport fire crews used foam to eliminate ', "she took to acting at the and started her career in summer stock and television. Her first major film was director  Alfred Hitchcock 's are and cast turn dial M for murder. Hitchcock described her as having sexual elegance that term and the stardom ", "summer stock and television. Her first major film was -- -- director Alfred Hitchcock's are -- -- and cast turn dial M for murder. Hitchcock described her as having sexual elegance that term and the stardom ", 'When  Alfred Hitchcock  terrorize his fictional town with a swarming they were alive but. In central Arkansas about 2000 dead birds mysteriously fell ', 'When Alfred Hitchcock terrorize his fictional town with a swarming -- -- they were alive but. In central Arkansas about 2000 dead birds mysteriously fell ', "this feeling attack. Totally attacked. It really rather unnerving experience it reminded me of 1960. Days the  Alfred Hitchcock 's the birds. really weren't very bright there's something foul looking for downtown West Palm Beach. Is is ", "-- rather unnerving experience it reminded me of 1960. Days -- the Alfred Hitchcock's the birds. -- -- really weren't very bright there's something foul looking for downtown West Palm Beach. Is -- is a lot ", 'Could have been a scene from  Alfred Hitchcock  movie the birds. But it was that this is real birds attacking. Folks his bank parking a lot of floor apparently happens spring ', 'Could have been a scene from Alfred Hitchcock movie the birds. But it was that this is real birds attacking. Folks -- his bank parking a lot of floor apparently ', "is running tonight the field and some Republicans worried it is not deep enough here's John Mike Huckabee is the  Alfred Hitchcock  of politics. A master of suspense plan to attempt to make a little with some announcements the end of the show the ", "it is not deep enough here's John -- Mike Huckabee is the Alfred Hitchcock of politics. A master of suspense -- plan to attempt to make a little -- with some announcements -- the end of "]