['The 3-D epic, more than $100 million in the making, is nominated for 11 Academy Awards.', "Indictment beasts of the southern why  Ang Lee 's life of hi Stephen field. And the movie not win best picture and  Ang Lee  for life of and movie that. It's division there so it's Spielberg and  Ang Lee  for your pool. And I'm going to ", "direct dark. Michael honig K more. Indictment beasts of the southern why Ang Lee's life of hi Stephen field. And David O. Russell were still trying to -- I can hear you and you're saying wait ", "Lincoln. Can he win and the movie not win best picture and Ang Lee for life of -- and movie that. It's kind of under the radar out there but that everybody it's needs lights and when you see -- the -- you realize it's a director's movie this is. Somebody -- division there so it's Spielberg and Ang Lee for your pool. And I'm going to say that the winner is going to be Steven Spielberg is there way to honor ", '"Crash",  Ang Lee , Philip Seymour Hoffman and Reese Witherspoon take top honors.', 'Kennedy producers. is there robbed him then Eric found Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of Gil netter  Ang Lee  and David mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share Reginald public for large Simone ', '-- Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of -- Gil netter Ang Lee and David -- mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share -- Reginald public -- for large Simone ', 'Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of Gil netter  Ang Lee  and David mark produces. A more nominees to be determined weekend they may is life of which is beautifully directed by  Ang Lee . I chains but Quentin Tarantino. Again all of this great ', 'parent Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of -- Gil netter Ang Lee and David -- mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share Reginald public. -- -- Simone producers. And ', "weekend they may is life of -- which is beautifully directed by Ang Lee . I -- -- chains but Quentin Tarantino. Again all of this great I'm saying to you it's coming down to Lincoln. And ", 'Kennedy produces. is there robbed him then Eric found Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of Gil netter  Ang Lee  and David mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share Reginald public. Simone producers ', '-- Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of -- Gil netter Ang Lee and David -- mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share Reginald public. -- -- Simone producers. And ', "haven't seen in the theater in 3-D. Do it while the holiday season is still on because it's a great story great fable  Ang Lee  does a terrific job as You're going to be amazed that this. Number four is silver linings playbook a movie that I think ", "holiday season is still on because it's a great story great fable Ang Lee does a terrific job as -- You're going to be amazed that this. Number four is silver linings playbook a movie that ", 'friends family. Holiday weekend has plenty to choose from starting with the movies that hit theaters yesterday. Director  Ang Lee  brings the beloved book life apply to on the big screen well precious one of the best movies of the year hands down I think ', 'to choose from starting with the movies that hit theaters yesterday. Director Ang Lee brings the beloved book life apply to -- on the big screen well precious one of the best movies of the year ', "His altitude I would have died My students and keeps me you know and to his needs he's minus food and. Who is the is  Ang Lee  is it. Who are you looking at when this has happened. In if you won't like Christian woman that went a metaphor afterward ", "needs he's minus food and. Who is the -- -- is -- Ang Lee is it. Who are you looking at when this has happened. In -- if you won't like Christian woman that went a "]