['posted on his Kickstarter page: "When I heard about that, I said, \'Oh, snap!\'" Though filmmakers including  David Fincher  have been involved with Kickstarter projects, Lee, the director of "Do the Right Thing" and "Malcolm X" is easily ', 'something, the feeling that, you know: How am I ever gonna achieve what a writer has given me or what a director like  David Fincher  is asking me to do?" he said. "I feel like everything I\'ve done has led up to this experience. I\'ve been so ', 'include filmmakers Jane Campion for "Top of the Lake," Steven Soderbergh for the Liberace biopic "Candelabra" and  David Fincher  for "House of Cards." A "House of Cards" best drama nod would weaken cable\'s near-monopoly on the category ', 'drama): Natalie Portman, "Black Swan" Best actor (drama): Colin Firth, "The King\'s Speech" Best director:  David Fincher , "The Social Network" FULL COVERAGE: The 2013 Awards Season 2010 Oscar winners Best picture: "The Hurt Locker ', 'himself fronting his band 30 Seconds to Mars. After earning praise for his roles in films such as "Prefontaine,"  David Fincher \'s "Fight Club" and Darren Aronofsky\'s "Requiem for a Dream," in which he played a heroin addict, he released ', "according to the Chicago Sun-Times . Her longtime boyfriend allegedly cased the bank the day of the robbery. Fight Club  David Fincher 's 1999 ode to the evils of corporate America inspired a New York City teenager to try his own revolt. Kyle Shaw ", 'Network." When it came time for casting "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo," Mara obviously had an in with director  David Fincher , who also directed "The Social Network." Kenneth Branagh Does It All British actor Kenneth Branagh puts George ', 'within the animation community, they\'re turning against CGI. They want it to be like \'Rango.\'" Also notable:  David Fincher  didn\'t get best director for "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" and Ryan Gosling, who starred in three acclaimed movies ', 'Lindsay Lohan, Kim Kardashian, Paris Hilton Inexplicably Show Up at Golden Globe After Parties', 'streaming out of at around 10 p.m. We later spotted Swinton talking with "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" director  David Fincher  at the Sony party where reality TV stars were notably absent. Coincidence? You be the judge.', 'don\'t take a date, you don\'t take a family, but it is a brilliant, brilliant film," Cagle said of director  David Fincher \'s adaptation of the book of the same name. Moviegoers, Cagle predicts, will be impressed with Robert Downey Jr ', 'with the Dragon Tattoo." "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" didn\'t exactly ink the best impression on audiences.  David Fincher \'s much-anticipated U.S. interpretation of the Swedish hit fell flat in theaters during the holiday weekend ', 'seemed very dangerous." (She does that expertly, too.) Mara told "Popcorn" that "Dragon Tattoo" director  David Fincher , notorious for making actors do as many as 100 takes of a scene, mercifully called for only one take of the rape ', "more actors more writers more directors more story tell. There's this is the actual. Set cars and when I showed  David Fincher  on number of photographs that I actually had been in there were real photos them. He what we gotta use them on the ", "There's this is the actual. Set -- cars and when I showed David Fincher on number of photographs that I actually had been in there were real photos them. He -- what we gotta use them ", "Justin Timberlake and Jesse Eisenberg explain their part in  David Fincher's  film", "with the dragon tattoo. The violent thriller that's being deemed the feel bad thriller of Christmas. The director  David Fincher  apparently told them that used to fit to play. Journalists. Yeah. Outlaw yeah David and And finally everybody a ", "thriller that's being deemed the feel bad thriller of Christmas. The director David Fincher apparently told them that used to fit to play. Journalists. -- -- -- Yeah. Outlaw yeah David -- and -- And finally ", 'with another groovy but we can talk about that video did you not read. The book were already disturbing. And boy  David Fincher  has really put together a wonderful It was at its offense I think I think probably my favorite movies a year I think ', 'video did you not read. The book were already disturbing. And boy David Fincher has really put together a wonderful -- It was at its offense I think I think probably my favorite movies a year ', "the script for the social network and heard about I watched. It's called me on Internet. The movie's director  David Fincher  you liked what he saw casting her as the girl with the dragon tattoo. We need to Do you daughter forever branding ", "I watched. It's called me -- -- on Internet. The movie's director David Fincher you liked what he saw casting her as the girl with the dragon tattoo. We need to -- -- Do you -- ", "in the race the east. The King's Speech against social network and what does this mean social network directed by  David Fincher . The movie that's a part of new Hollywood. The one that says I'm going to be hard I'm gonna be bold on used ", "against social network and what does this mean social network directed by David Fincher . The movie that's a part of new Hollywood. The one that says I'm going to be hard I'm gonna be bold on "]