["This year, the jury is led by Steven Spielberg. Other judges include Oscar winners Nicole Kidman, Christoph Waltz and  Ang Lee . What's the Big Prize? The Palme d'Or is the biggest prize at the film festival and is presented to the director ", "Ang Lee , Reflecting on Life and Career, Wants to Win Best Director as 'Captain of Ship'", 'world of Oscar-winning director  Ang Lee , and be prepared for an incredible Cynthia McFadden\'s interview with  Ang Lee , on "Nightline" TONIGHT at 12 Cynthia McFadden\'s interview with  Ang Lee , on "Nightline" TONIGHT at 12 ', 'year\'s biggest movies, but "What I call the six weeks it took me to get into this dress. Poehler followed up, calling  Ang Lee \'s "Life of Pi" "what I\'m gonna call the six weeks after I take this dress off!" Paul Drinkwater/NBC/AP Photo ', 'Angela Morrison and Thomas Schonberg. Life of Pi Director:  Ang Lee  Producers: Kevin Richard Buxbaum, William M. Connor, Dean Georgaris,  Ang Lee , David Lee, Michael J. Malone, Gil Netter, Tabrez ', '50/1; "Beasts of the Southern Wild," 100/1. Best Director Winner: Steven Spielberg ("Lincoln"), 1/4;  Ang Lee  ("Life of Pi"), 5/1; Michael Haneke ("Amour"), 10/1; David O. Russell ("Silver Linings Playbook ', 'Hathaway is the clear favorite to win. Best Director: Steven Spielberg Nominees: Steven Spielberg ("Lincoln"),  Ang Lee  ("Life of Pi"), Michael Haneke ("Amour"), Benh Zeitlin ("Beasts of the Southern Wild") and David O. Russell ', 'Steven Spielberg and best actor for Daniel Day-Lewis.  Ang Lee \'s "Life of Pi" followed close behind with 11 nominations Director: David O. Russell, "Silver Linings Playbook"  Ang Lee , "Life of Pi" Steven Spielberg, "Lincoln" Michael ', 'Silver Linings Playbook" Best Director, Motion Picture Ben Affleck, "Argo" Katherine Bigelow, "Zero Dark Thirty"  Ang Lee , "Life of Pi" Steven Spielberg, "Lincoln" Quentin Tarantino, "Django Unchained" Best Actor in a Motion Picture ', 'Joey Potter her senior year of high school, Holmes had already made her foray into films, starting with a minor part in  Ang Lee \'s "The Ice Storm" in 1997. While starring in "Dawson\'s" and afterward, she appeared in a number of promising ', 'The Latino Behind New York Film Festival Bids Farewell After 25 Years, Goes Out With a Bang', "offerings, foreign language prize winners from Cannes and Berlin, and world premieres of big Hollywood movies, like  Ang Lee 's big-screen adaptation of the best-seller Life of Pi , in addition to special retrospectives, sidebars and ", 'One of my favorite film festivals kicks off today with  Ang Lee \'s Life of Pi in 3D and this year, there\'s more than S.) The fest kicks off with what people are calling  Ang Lee \'s "visual feast," based on the beloved book. Watch ', 'Joey Potter her senior year of high school, Holmes had already made her foray into films, starting with a minor part in  Ang Lee \'s "The Ice Storm" in 1997. While starring in "Dawson\'s" and afterward, she appeared in a number of promising roles ', 'Notre Dame Academy. She appeared in the school musicals "Hello, Dolly!" and "Damn Yankees" before being cast in  Ang Lee \'s "The Ice Storm," followed by her breakout role in "Dawson\'s Creek." And like so many girls her age, Holmes ', "He's just that journey took his team just about every high school in India searching for just the right actor who one could time. 3000. Were audition. And when sorters. It looks like Mountains and deep soulful Smart amazing. Just think demeanor. And of course they tested him and some good news.", 'The 3-D epic, more than $100 million in the making, is nominated for 11 Academy Awards.', "Indictment beasts of the southern why  Ang Lee 's life of hi Stephen field. And the movie not win best picture and  Ang Lee  for life of and movie that. It's division there so it's Spielberg and  Ang Lee  for your pool. And I'm going to ", "direct dark. Michael honig K more. Indictment beasts of the southern why Ang Lee's life of hi Stephen field. And David O. Russell were still trying to -- I can hear you and you're saying wait ", "Lincoln. Can he win and the movie not win best picture and Ang Lee for life of -- and movie that. It's kind of under the radar out there but that everybody it's needs lights and when you see -- the -- you realize it's a director's movie this is. Somebody -- division there so it's Spielberg and Ang Lee for your pool. And I'm going to say that the winner is going to be Steven Spielberg is there way to honor ", '"Crash",  Ang Lee , Philip Seymour Hoffman and Reese Witherspoon take top honors.', 'Kennedy producers. is there robbed him then Eric found Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of Gil netter  Ang Lee  and David mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share Reginald public for large Simone ', '-- Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of -- Gil netter Ang Lee and David -- mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share -- Reginald public -- for large Simone ', 'Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of Gil netter  Ang Lee  and David mark produces. A more nominees to be determined weekend they may is life of which is beautifully directed by  Ang Lee . I chains but Quentin Tarantino. Again all of this great ', 'parent Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of -- Gil netter Ang Lee and David -- mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share Reginald public. -- -- Simone producers. And ', "weekend they may is life of -- which is beautifully directed by Ang Lee . I -- -- chains but Quentin Tarantino. Again all of this great I'm saying to you it's coming down to Lincoln. And ", 'Kennedy produces. is there robbed him then Eric found Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of Gil netter  Ang Lee  and David mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share Reginald public. Simone producers ', '-- Debra Hayward and Cameron Mackintosh producers. Life of -- Gil netter Ang Lee and David -- mark produces. A more nominees to be determined. Jango unchained Stacy share Reginald public. -- -- Simone producers. And ']