["ANN CURRY: Good evening and welcome to DATELINE. I'm Ann Curry. Something happens when love turns to obsession, and it is rarely good. In tonight's story an obsessed lover was willing to do almost anything to keep the woman he loved, even if it cost a life, even if that life was his. Here's Keith Morrison.", 'Mr. RAMOS: I was about six, seven, when it started and it ended about somewhere between 15 and 17. I...', 'Mr. RAMOS: I think in reality is what has always caused me to seek for a mother figure in my life.', 'MORRISON: Outrageous, of course, illegal, immoral, just plain wrong. And like all the forbidden loves in the movies, it was destined to end badly. The teacher finally sent him a message, Jaime tells us, severing their relationship.', ' And when the heartsick boy ran to her house to plead with her not to leave him she locked him out.', 'Mr. RAMOS: I ended up smashing the sliding door open with a chair outside that she had, a patio chair.', "Mr. RAMOS: And the last words I ever heard from her were, `Don't dare you say you know me, you psycho.'", 'Mr. RAMOS: I saw all the other young men and women there calling her mother, mom.', "MR. RAMOS: I gave her my whole life story, from beginning to end. I've given her things that my family doesn't even know about. She made me feel like a man again.", 'Mr. RAMOS: I was shooting bullets for, like, half an hour straight. Just having the time of my life.', "Mr. RAMOS: Powerful, and I felt like a kid, you know, like, that's the thing about those experiences. I always ended up feeling like a kid again.", '(Photos of Patty; photo of Patty and Ramos; Ramos; photo of Patty and Ron Presba)', "Mr. RAMOS: And she's like, `Well, you want me to leave him, right?' `Yes.' `Well, then, what if he accidentally dies?'", 'Mr. RAMOS: Yes. And she would get angry with me. And it hurt me. I went back to feeling insignificant. I went back to feeling alone.', "Mr. RAMOS: And not a man. It always brings me back to the void of losing my mother. It's unbearable. Your bones want to come out of your skin from anxiety, you start thinking these suicidal thoughts.", 'Mr. RAMOS: ...well, get a divorce, leave, find an apartment. Do something. Live with your kids. But it was never that simple. There was always some complication for her.', "Mr. RAMOS: Even her children didn't believe her. I felt bad. But she's one of the most honest people I've ever met, and yet she's telling me how her kids don't even believe her. It made me feel even more in love with her, like, wow, I guess it really is only you and me against them.", "Mr. RAMOS: She bought two matching engagement rings and she gave her private ceremony of a wedding with me. And I felt that I was her husband.During this wedding she said that she promised me that the only way we'd break up ever would be death, death do us apart, literally.", '(Las Vegas at night; palm trees; Las Vegas Boulevard sign; water fountain in front of hotel; Las Vegas Strip; cars on road; Las Vegas sign; Las Vegas; water fountain)', 'Mr. RAMOS: And to this day I honestly believe that I was on the Enterprise. I got to talk to Commander Riker and Data and Georgi La Forge. I mean, it was great. ', '(Ramos and Patty on store surveillance tape; wharf; boats on water; postcards; wharf; roadway stripes; view from moving vehicle; cars on freeway; mountains; cars on freeway)', "Mr. RAMOS: ...flustered, like `What did you do that for? Just pull the car over, turn it around, we're over, we're through.' I started yelling at her, telling her, `So you're telling me that we're through?' She said `yes.' And I said `Well, then that means we need to die if that's what you're saying.'", "Mr. RAMOS: ...instead of getting sucked in, and landed in the median, rolling, and not a scratch on us. And I told her, `I told you, till death do us apart.'", "MORRISON: So what else would Jaime do for Patty's love? After the accident she offered her forgiving embraces. She brought Jaime out of his misery. And then she began sobbing and trembling and told him she had a terrible secret, more terrible than any secret she had told him before. Her husband, she said, had become even more violent and now he had crossed a dreadful threshold. Now he had raped her.", "Mr. RAMOS: I felt like this man did it to me, and I promised myself that this will never happen to me again. And since it happened to me again, I'm going to hurt this man.", 'Ms. KATHLEEN TURNER: (Clip from "Body Heat") I wish he\'d die. That\'s really what I want. It\'s horrible and it\'s ugly, and it\'s what I most want.', "Mr. RAMOS: She's like, `Well, you want me to leave him, right?' `Yes.' `And you don't want him to hurt me no more, right?' `Yes.' `Well, then what if he accidentally dies?'", "APRIL: I've not liked her since day one. She just rubbed me the wrong way. She was very fake.", '(Title graphic; clouds; mountain; pine trees; mountain road; camp; photo of Ron and Patty)', 'Mr. RAMOS: She starts coming up with these ideas of, you know, him going off a cliff.', '(Ramos; film projector; photo of Ron and Patty truck on road; pine trees; Georgetown sign)', "Mr. RAMOS: It came one day to where she presented me an envelope with this life insurance policy. And that's when I realized that everything we were talking about was really for real.", "Mr. RAMOS: Not an option. And whatever happened to me didn't matter, as long as she was happy.", "Mr. RAMOS: I told her, `If you want me to kill a man, I need to see what he's like.'", 'Mr. RAMOS: He was very enjoyable. He taught me things about using hand tools. He was funny. He had a lot of jokes. He told me about his life and his kids. He was not at all the man that she had portrayed him to be.', '(Ramos; Ramos and Patty on store surveillance tape; photo of Ron; clouds; photo of backhoe; photo of Ron with April and Misty; photo of Ron)', " Ron's mother, Lois, says her son was devoted to his two adoring daughters, April and Misty, and they to him.", 'LOIS: ...so, I mean, he, you know, cooked and took care of their laundry and cleaned the house.', 'APRIL: He just--and he knew, you know, he was like a mother/father and he really knew how to take care of us, and he did a really good job and taught us a lot.', 'APRIL: I just had those vibes of false from her. She just--nothing that she said seemed to be true.', "LOIS: There was just something that just wasn't real about her. I just really couldn't put my finger on it, but Ron seemed to be totally in love with her and, you know, so you go along with his wishes.", 'MISTY: She had told my dad that she was molested by her dad. And my dad, raising two daughters of his own, I think that he felt sorry for her and was just, like, I need to help her.', 'MISTY: And we knew because she started wearing makeup, and she lost almost 60 pounds. And she was dressing all cutesy and...', '(Title graphic; film projector; trees; house; wind chimes; photo of Ron, Misty and April; trees; house)', "MISTY: And that was really odd. I'm, like what's this kid doing here, Dad? Who is this? And he introduced me to him and I asked him a ton of questions because here this person is on my dad's property and I don't know him. And he says, `Oh, I'm just here for a few weeks before I go to Texas.' So then I start asking more questions. And we go in the house and he goes straight into one of the bedrooms. And I look at my dad and I'm like...", "MISTY: ...this kid has been living here for two weeks and you haven't even said anything to me?", 'MORRISON: Imagine, when you thought about her having an affair with him, I mean...', 'APRIL: I think dad just bottom line is he truly, wholeheartedly loved her and believed in her. He would cater to her every need. He would wake up in the morning and...', 'APRIL: ...make her breakfast and coffee. And dad always just went out of his way for her, always.', "MORRISON: In fact, Jaime, doesn't it sound a little bit as if he had a relationship with her which was in some ways like yours? In other words, he was always trying to please her?", "MORRISON: It's always been an air of tragedy about the place. The first settler put in this old stone foundation more than 100 years ago as part of a house he intended to build for his bride. Abandoned the project when she died. Ron had been using it rather ideally as a pigpen. But now Patty told Jaime this old stone foundation was to be the location of her husband's murder.", ' The plan: Jaime was to lure Ron to the pigpen, hit him from behind, load his body into his old Suburban and roll it off the side of this mountain road, known by the locals as Chili Bar.', "MORRISON: Of all the miles of winding road around Ron's little farm, this was the perfect spot to stage an accident. You see that S curve where the truck is coming around the hill over there? There's no protective barrier. A car can go right down into the valley, hundreds of feet below. And just over here, behind that berm, is the only place along this road which is perfect for hiding a getaway car.", " On June 24, 2008, Patty went shopping with Jaime for shoes and coveralls in case the killing got messy. That afternoon Patty took Jaime to a used auto lot and bought him a getaway car, a 2003 green Hyundai. Afterwards Patty went to dinner with family while Jaime returned to Ron's place.", '(Ramos and Patty on store surveillance tape; Patty and Ramos at used car lot; Patty and Ramos)', 'Mr. RAMOS: By phone. We had prepaid phones, you know, for them not to be traceable.', "Mr. RAMOS: What she tells me I'm supposed to believe. I'm supposed to say that it's real. But what I experience I know is real and I saw it firsthand. And they do not meet up in any way or form.", "MORRISON: Based just on what you've been telling me here, it sounds as if this man was one of the very few good men you'd ever experienced living with in your life. Would that be fair and accurate?", 'Mr. RAMOS: That would be fair and accurate. If none of this came about and I lived there, I can definitely embrace him as a father figure, teaching me trades, giving me advise, and just being kind.', 'Mr. RAMOS: To get myself angry, to justify myself to blind what I felt was the truth.', 'Mr. RAMOS: ...be easier to hide, clean up, if you want to say. I was going to use a falling ax and I had it here by my waist ready to swing, but the adrenaline that I felt that should have surged through went in and out in a split second and I went and I sat it beside a tree on the way.', "Mr. RAMOS: I said, `Patty, I don't believe this. I don't believe this,' I told her. `This is wrong. This is wrong.'", "Mr. RAMOS: `You're telling me you don't love me right now? If you're going to do it, do it. And if not, just leave.'", '(Ramos; photo of Patty; photo of Patty and Ron; Paul Hadjes and Mike Lensing; road; crime scene)', '(Title graphic; stone foundation; pigpen; nighttime; clouds; mountain road; cars on road; mountain road; flames)', "APRIL: Patty and her friend was parked and sitting out of their cars leaned up against the hood of the car. So I pulled in there and turned around and Patty approached me. She says `Honey, April, dad didn't come home last night.' And I said back to her a couple of times, `Yes, he did, I talked to him on the phone that night.'", '(Hill side; photo of firefighters; photos of burned Chevy Suburban; trail to road; marks painted on roadway; crime scene photos; fire department vehicle)', "Mr. KEN PRESBA: What we had heard was that he'd come around a corner and hit a deer...", '(April, Misty and Morrison; photo of firefighters on roadway; photo of burned Chevy Suburban', "MISTY: And I didn't really believe it, and then you kind of step out of the role of being a daughter and into a role of we've got to find out what's wrong and what happened.", '(Vehicle on road; April, Misty and Morrison; photo of police and fire vehicles and firefighters; April, Misty and Morrison; marks painted on roadway)', 'MISTY: And it actually even came to this area, but there was some very large amounts up on the road and then it would go smaller amounts up higher above it and around the corner.', ' ...and then droplets and the drops kind of followed the path of the vehicle over the edge of roadway.', 'MORRISON: But why would there be a pool of blood? If the car was traveling on--along the highway, would it leave a pool of blood like that?', 'Det. LENSING: Something sat there long enough and dripped long enough to create that pool. And in addition to that, right next to the pooling of the blood, the staining, there was also an impression. It looked like a plastic bag type of impression on the roadway next to it.', 'MORRISON: Hang on a second. A plastic bag kind of impression? What does that mean?', 'Det. LENSING: Say you take a small grocery bag, the plastic grocery bags, dip it in blood, and then touch that to the ground, you can see the crinkle marks...', 'Det. HADJES: Of course, we went down the embankment a little bit and got a closer look. And my partner opened up the bag.', "MISTY: And she kept saying, `I'm so sorry, I'm just so sorry.' And I'm thinking, why are you sorry?", '(Title graphic; clouds; pine trees; mountain; bird; mountain road; accident site photos; photo of singed plastic bag)', 'Det. LENSING: I found a partial human brain or a partial brain. That was the last thing I expected to find in there.', "Det. HADJES: There was a occupant in the vehicle, but it was burned, you know, so far beyond recognition, you couldn't tell if it was a male or a female.", 'Det. LENSING: We kind of had an idea of where to begin our investigation at that point.', "(Photo of Lois with family; photo of April and Misty; Ron's house; photo of Patty)", "APRIL: And we went to the garden because that was our sacred place for dad. And she had no emotions. It was like false emotions, like she was trying to force it out and she just, `I'm going to miss him so much, he's my whole life,' and she's shaking the fence and she's just got these...", "MISTY: And she kept saying, `I'm so sorry, I'm just so sorry.' And she went over and shaking trees and going into this hysteric, but not one tear is coming out of her eyes and...", 'APRIL: ...blaring music, like nothing was going on because she had them believe that dad...', 'Det. LENSING: ...in the living room, speaking to her, I look over to my left and in between the couch and the wood stove is a spray of blood.', 'Ms. PATTY PRESBA: (Police interview) You know, I loved him very, very much and he loved me very, very much.', "Ms. PRESBA: (Police interview) And he said, `Well, I'm going to run to Placerville and get propane for the barbecue tomorrow and some gas so you can mow the lawn tomorrow.", "MORRISON: And when he didn't show up in the middle of the night, she called the police.", "Ms. PRESBA: (Police interview) I'm sorry. I'm almost speechless because it's like, who could want to hurt him?", ' And the entire living room, kitchen and hallway glowed in this home. You could see swipes where the blood...', 'Det. LENSING: ...had been wiped up. You can see footprints. You can see drag marks.', "Mr. PRESBA: You don't have a crime scene investigation of that magnitude if something hadn't happened.", "(House; photo Patty's family; photo of burned Chevy Suburban; crime tape; police vehicle)", "Mr. PRESBA: I mean, it was nasty what they were saying. Who the F, what are they doing in our house and they don't belong in our house. I mean, now it's getting bizarre.", ' It looked just like somebody took a spatter gun and spattered it all over the ceiling.', "MISTY: And I'm looking up and I look down and there was brain matter and skull and tissue, and I about just fell down. I--like my whole body just went limp. And I just wanted to scoop up what was left and take it, thinking that this is--I know it sounds so gross, but that's all was going to have left, you know? I think we all were just, like, going what the hell happened?", '(Photo of April and Misty; crime scene tape; photo of Ramos; roadway at night; door; Patty at police station)', "Ms. PRESBA: (Police interview) I don't think I'll be alive for long. I'm telling you he'll come for me.", '(Clouds; trees and other foliage on mountains; Lensing and Hadjes in brush; photo of Ron and Misty; clouds seen through tree branches; truck on road; photo of Ron)', "Det. LENSING: With Ronald Presba, I can honestly say I didn't meet one person or talk to one person that didn't hold him in the highest regard.", 'Det. LENSING: This, by far, is one of the most interesting murder cases that I have worked.', "Det. LENSING: (Police interview) Do either one of you have any boyfriends or girlfriends that you're currently seeing?", "MISTY: When I mentioned Jaime, they didn't even know who he was. They're like, `Who's Jaime?'", 'Det. LENSING: (Police interview) Because we were told that you did have a boyfriend.', 'Ms. PRESBA: (Police interview) No. We have a young man, 21-year-old man who was staying with us for three weeks till he could get his stuff together to move to Texas.', 'Det. HADJES: (Police interview) Does he have a cell phone? Does he have--I mean...', 'Mr. PRESBA: We all knew, I mean, in our hearts what had, you know, that she killed--she killed him.', '(Patty in police interview; Lensing and Hadjes getting into vehicle; surveillance video of Jaime and Patty)', 'Det. HADJES: ...that there was more going on than just her trying to help him out.', 'Det. LENSING: She finally had stated that her and Jaime Ramos were having a sexual relationship.', 'MORRISON: Did she indicate at that point that maybe Ramos had something to do with it?', "Det. LENSING: She'd been leaning more towards she thinks maybe he did this out of jealousy to have her all to her--all to himself.", 'Ms. PRESBA: (Police interview) And it scares--the thought of me, that I brought someone into my home that may have killed him. That scares the living crap right out of me.', "Ms. PRESBA: (Police interview) I don't think I'll be alive for long. I'm telling you he'll come for me. He'll tell you he's coming here, but he'll kill me first.", "MORRISON: It was clear now that Jaime Ramos was the leading man, the key to solving the case. Even if he wasn't involved, well, he surely would have known who was. But how could they get to him? He could be anywhere by now.", " As the detectives dug into Jaime's background, they found he was devoted to his grandmother, the woman who raised him. Maybe she would know where he was.", 'Det. LENSING: ...and the reasoning for me needing to talk to him because, to be honest with you, we knew nothing at that point.', 'Det. LENSING: She was. She was. She was devastated. And within 24 hours, I had a phone call from Jaime Ramos.', '(Jaime; driving down rainy tree-lined road; trees and clouds; Lensing and Hadjes exiting building)', 'MORRISON: Did it occur to either one of you that maybe Ramos himself had kidnapped Patricia, that he was behind this from the get-go?', "Det. LENSING: We really didn't know. We didn't know if Mr. Ramos had anything to do with this because we had no indication that he'd been back in town.", "MISTY: She said, `Is there a dead body in the house?' And I said, `Well, no, not that the detectives have said.' And she said, `My mom called last night and asked us to help her get rid of a body.'", '(Motel 6 exterior; airplane taking off; Motel 6 exterior; Mike Paletta in car; motel parking lot; California license plate; photo of Hyundai)', 'Mr. PALETTA: I found that it came back with an NCIC hit out of California, wanted in a homicide.', 'Mr. PALETTA: She looked at me and she turned right around and went right back into the room.', " My sergeant and I approached the room, and as we got closer to the room, she had walked back out of the room and started walking towards me. And I had grabbed her and I says, `Are you Patricia Presba?' And she says, `Yes.'", "Mr. RAMOS: I see these two guns coming in with arms, and then I see that it's the police. And they're telling me to freeze, you know. I put my arms up and I just, I'm like, wow, what's going on? And they helped me out of bed, they handcuffed me.", 'Mr. RAMOS: Then I started to think she gave me up, saying that she was kidnapped.', 'Ms. PRESBA: (Police interview) It was dark. The lights were off. And I shot him. He was coming, and I shot him. I was--I was so scared he was going to kill me.', "Ms. PRESBA: (Police interview) He said, `We're leaving. Get in the car.' And he put me in the car.", 'Det. LENSING: She blamed it on Mr. Ramos. She blamed the whole thing on Mr. Ramos, stating that she had shot Mr. Ramos three times because he was attacking her.', " But for some reason, the bullets didn't expand, and they went right through him.", '(Photo of Jaime; knife on stand; gun; freeway sign; photos of crashed SUV; photo of Patty; photo of Jaime)', "Mr. RAMOS: That I did it, that I'm a madman. But then a faint thought of my family came through, saying, oh, yeah, my family. What is my grandmother going to think? So that's when I started to just say the truth the way it really happened.", "Det. LENSING: There were times during the interview where we actually had to slow him down because he was--he was--he was putting this information out there so quickly we couldn't even digest it.", 'Mr. RAMOS: All this I kept telling to myself, this is for her, this is to make her happy.', '(Photo of Ron; photo of Jaime; photo of Ron and Patty; Jaime; pigpen; trees; house exterior; photo of Patty)', "Mr. RAMOS: She would say, `You're telling me you don't love me right now.' `No, I'm not saying that.' `Well, that's what you're meaning by saying that this is wrong, that you don't believe me.' But then she would say, `If you're going to do it, do it. And if not, just leave.", "Mr. RAMOS: And I told myself, well, if one hit on the head even just makes him go unconscious, that's enough for me.", "Mr. RAMOS: And I started to drink a lot of water for my nerves. I was really nervous. And once again, a couple more calls from Patty, `Is it done? Is it done?' `Not yet.' `Well, hurry up.' Click. And I finally took my last drink of water, I put on the gloves, I wiped down the hammer.", "Mr. RAMOS: I looked myself in the reflection by a--by the window, and I was telling myself once again, `If you do this, there's no turning back. You're doing this because it's right. You're doing this because you love her.'", "Mr. RAMOS: And that they must be true. There--this has to be true, this--if she tells me, it's true. She won't lie to me. She's never lied to me.", "Mr. RAMOS: Immediately I got the adrenaline rush because I starting to feel the anger. I jumped out of my seat, and I hit him on the head three times quickly. He put his arms up, and I--sounded like a what and a why at the same time. And he threw--as he threw his arms up, they automatically fell down. And I was yelling at him, telling him how, `You raped my wife, you beat my wife. You're getting what you deserve. That's right, Patty's my wife. I married her. How dare you touch my wife that way.' And I'd hit him on the head about three, four more times, and it just ended up where I knew for a fact he was dead.", 'Mr. RAMOS: I broke his skull. And I dropped the hammer. And I felt a relief, and I felt exhausted. And I..', "Mr. RAMOS: Relief that I finally got this over with, that I finally did justice for this woman. She'll be happy now.", "Mr. RAMOS: I drug him all the way to the vehicle, outside, and the problem was to lift him and put him in the driver's seat.", 'Mr. RAMOS: I set that up, the ladder and the plywood on top. And I was dragging him up. And it was working. I had him--I got him all the way into the seat. And I belted him in as though he was driving.', "MORRISON: ...right beside this man you've just murdered, his head is open and bleeding and you've killed him, and he's right beside you. How did you keep your sanity?", 'Mr. RAMOS: I started to tell myself, wow, three years when I watched this movie, never did I feel that I was going to be doing something similar to this.', 'Mr. RAMOS: Enjoying the feeling of being at a theater with my cousin watching that movie was what helped me.', 'Mr. RAMOS: And I started to douse the car with gasoline, and I opened the propane tank. I lit the lighter while I put his foot on the gas pedal. It was on park, so it was just revved. I lit it, and then I put it on drive. Everything went in flames. I shut the door, and I saw the car go down.', 'MORRISON: When Jaime returned to the house, he found Patty here in the living room, cleaning up the blood and gore he had left behind. And sitting right in the middle of it, right here, on the very spot where Ron was murdered, sat her three-year-old granddaughter, watching cartoons on television.', "Mr. RAMOS: As I go there, she looks at me and she's like, `What are you doing here? Are you serious right now? You know, get out of here.' As I reached for a hug and a kiss, she withdrew from me and said, `You need to leave now.' I'm like, `Well, can't I at least get a last goodbye hug and kiss?' She gave me this hug and this kiss that was empty.", 'Mr. RAMOS: I wanted to throw up. I felt like I had just desecrated a man for what I started to see now as a selfish reason. And on top of everything, I just damned my soul.', "Mr. RAMOS: I'm like, `Patty, what are you doing right now? Did you just shoot me?'", "Mr. RAMOS: I told them, everybody, that I'm married to this woman and that I'm happy, that--I even went as far as describing her as an angel.", 'MORRISON: Tell me what that was like, when you realized it was a policeman at the other end, he wanted to talk to you.', "Mr. RAMOS: I felt that I got caught, it's over. The detective even went as far as asking me if I killed him, and I lied to him and I said no.", 'Mr. RAMOS: I started to feel the loneliness again. I started to feel that I needed my nourishment again.', "Mr. RAMOS: To stay away for a while because, `They're not after you. They're after me. If you stay away, it's going to be OK for a while. Just--if you come here, they'll just probably arrest you.'", "Mr. RAMOS: My family called me and said, `Where are you?' I couldn't lie to them. So I told them that I'm here with Patty. `Are you going to talk to the police?' `Yes.' `Tomorrow? Promise us, tomorrow.' `Yes. OK.'", "MORRISON: It was a promise Jaime fully intended to keep. Except Patty had another idea, and Jaime wasn't in on that script. He was the only one, she knew, who could connect her to Ron's murder. She had known that full well when she sat in that interrogation room and quaked in fear as she predicted for detectives her own demise.", "Mr. RAMOS: What was supposed to happen was that the detectives think I'm in Reno. She gets apprehended by a party that nobody knows about, which would supposedly be the...", "MORRISON: But wait a minute. Who's going to be seeing you with a stocking over your head except her?", ' Next, Patty told Jaime to craft this note using words and phrases cut from a newspaper. They got the idea from, well, where else?', "Mr. RAMOS: They always do it that way. That way no penmanship can be traced. She's like, `Oh, yeah, yeah, but just make sure that this is what it says.'", 'Mr. RAMOS: It was giving me the chills. Because when I looked at it, I felt that it was real.', '(House exterior; house interior; photos of Jaime; kitchen knife on cabinet; bloodstain)', "Mr. RAMOS: I'm hesitating, so she slams my arm down to--and then I just end up slicing her.", " But I see that her bathroom door for the master bedroom is closed. That's when I realize, OK, she just wants another door kicked down. When I kick that door down, I see her silhouette with a gun.", "Mr. RAMOS: I said, `Patty!' And she goes boom, one time. And I guess the first shot went through my arm, which I didn't know because of the shock.", "Mr. RAMOS: And it knocks me to the ground. And I'm on the ground and I'm crying, `Patty, Patty, what are you doing? It's me. Stop this. Why are you killing me? Stop this. It's me.' And she was still firing.", "Mr. RAMOS: I get up, and I run outside and get her, and I'm like, `Patty, what are you doing right now? Did you just shoot me? Did you just really shoot me?' And as we get back in the house, that's when I start to feel my aches.", ' And I start to feel woozy. I start to feel the blood trickling down my leg, my arm, my chest, and I start to tell her...', "Mr. RAMOS: `Patty, we need to leave. I'm--you really did shoot me. Why? Why did you shoot me?'", "Mr. RAMOS: And a whole bunch of bullets are falling from her hand. And she's reloading the gun. I yell to her, `Patty, why are you reloading the gun? What are you doing? Why are you trying to kill me? It's me, Jaime.' She very calmly says, `I'm not reloading the gun. I don't know what you're talking about.'", "Mr. RAMOS: And she comes in and she's pointing the gun at me again, and she's telling me, `Ron was such a good man, he didn't deserve to die. What you did was evil.'", "Mr. RAMOS: It was totally a different woman. I was looking at her in the eyes, and it just didn't look like the Patty I knew anymore. She cocked the gun and told me to get on my knees. I told her, `Why do you want--why do you want to execute me right now?' She said, `Just get on your knees,' started yelling at me. And I told her no. `What is go on right now? If you're going to kill me, just kill me now.' I can't remember the other babble she was saying, but she started pointing the gun at herself and I said, `No, stop that. Don't do that, either. What are you doing right now? If you want to be with me, you need to stop this, and let's go right now.'", "MORRISON: Didn't it occur to you, Jaime, at that point, to leave yourself? You managed to prevent her from shooting you. Why the hell didn't you just run?", "Mr. RAMOS: I was scared. I--there was fear in me. There was much fear in me. But I still felt so much love for her that this had to--it was going to be OK. She's coming back to her--to her senses. She gave me water. She gave me some food. That's what made me continue going with her was because she was taking care of me again.", "Mr. RAMOS: Yes. She told me how sorry she was, how she doesn't remember shooting me.", "(Driving on road at night, day; photos of Jaime's wounds; driving on interstate; photo of Jaime; motel door 109; photos of Patty and Jaime's arrest; Jaime in police interview with Lensing and Hadjes)", 'Mr. RAMOS: (Police interview) I just lost--I just lost all sense, and I went--and I bashed him on the head.', "Mr. RAMOS: (Police interview) And I remember the last things he was--he just said was, like, he asked--he said--he asked why. And I was so in--furious with him at the time, and I told him, `You raped Patty, you bastard. You beat her.'", '(Jaime, Lensing and Hadjes in police interview; burned SUV; gun; bathroom door opening; photo of Patty)', "Mr. RAMOS: (Police interview) I don't--I don't know what else I can tell you. I just--I loved her very much, Mike. you know that I would've done anything for her.", 'Mr. RAMOS: (Police interview) ...would there be any chance that I can just see her?', 'Mr. RAMOS: (Police interview) I feel for her. You know, she really made me feel like I was her husband, that she was my wife.', '(Placerville; Placerville welcome sign; street with traffic; El Dorado County Jail exterior; prison exterior)', "Mr. RAMOS: If both you and the person that are parallel with the toilet empty out the water enough, you can speak through it as though you're right in the same rooms very clearly. It's incredible.", 'Mr. RAMOS: The communication with her was intoxicating me so much that I started to believe everything again that she was telling me about the man.', "Mr. RAMOS: A bunch of I love yous and sorries and we'll get through this together. I promised Patty that I'll make you walk, you'll get away with this.", "Mr. RAMOS: (Police interview) She just said, `OK, you have to make it look like an accident.'", 'Det. LENSING: (Police interview) So she purchased the life insurance with the purpose of cashing in on it by this...', 'Det. LENSING: (Police interview) ...by him being murdered and you guys making it look like an accident?', "Det. LENSING: She had admitted she was involved in the--in the whole thing, but at the very last moment, she called it off because she couldn't do that to her husband. And then from that point on Jaime Ramos was the one that continued with the plan and killed her husband, so she was not involved.", 'Det. LENSING: Exactly. To get rid of the only other witness that he had, and she was defending herself by shooting him.', 'Mr. VERN PIERSON: She would be the hero, that she killed the person who killed her husband.', "Mr. PIERSON: There's a big difference between knowing and believing that somebody's criminally responsible and being able to prove it.", "Mr. RAMOS: She promised if she walks, she'll marry me in the prison, she'll visit me every day, she'll put money in my books.", 'MISTY: And the way that he looked at her, I wanted to throw up. He looked at her with such lust. And to sit there and look at this woman the way that he did was--it was gut-wrenching for us as a family, that she had that much control over somebody, and still did after she tried to kill him.', 'Mr. CLARK: I like the kid, but you know what? I also liked the victim. He seemed to be a good guy.', " She has no heart, no feelings, no emotions. There's only one person she's interested in; that's her.", "Mr. CLARK: Ah, what can you say to anybody who's in love with somebody? I mean, you know, it's irrational.", 'Mr. CLARK: Evidence of his guilt was overwhelming. The issue was just how was he to be punished. That was the issue.', "Mr. RAMOS: `Even her own children are saying how evil this woman is. How can you not believe this?' It made me realize this is the truth, it is the truth. I have to tell the truth. I can't stop lying. I can't stop denying this. And that's when, that moment forward I stopped contacting her in every way.", 'Mr. RAMOS: (In car) A little further ahead is where I got rid of the ladder and such.', "Mr. RAMOS: (In car) Where he's at back there, that's the area. It shouldn't be further than that.", 'Det. LENSING: Looks like a blue rug hidden underneath, like somebody intentionally put leaves over the top of it. This is the rug that Ron Presba was on at the time he was murdered.', ' And you can--you can see some of the remnants of the--of his blood in those moldy spots there.', "Mr. RAMOS: ...that if the only time I had to look at her was when they told me if I had to point, which usually I see in movies, the, `Can you please point to, you know, the defendant,' and then...", "Mr. RAMOS: I couldn't imagine doing that, but I felt like, OK, I have to do that real quick, and then I can look at my family.", 'Mr. RAMOS: When I found out that it was true, this weight just went off my shoulders. And I thank God for that.', "Mr. PIERSON: I think at some point--she's probably had been lying to her family, her own family all these months about what actually happened, and she knew this goes to trial, they would learn the truth, and what her real responsibility was in this case.", "MISTY: And it was so against her character as a person, I was shocked. I--and it was good to hear her say guilty. I don't care if it was for her own reasons, whatever she had to do for herself, it--to hear that out of her mouth was good.", "MISTY: He explained that the little amount of time that he knew my dad he was also growing to love him, and it's hard to hear that from somebody that brutally murdered him.", "MISTY: To know that my dad lost his life in here, it's horrible. I want the house to be burnt down. There's so much evil that took place in here that it's just not comfortable."]