["Back, now, with one of my personal favorites.  Marcus samuelsson . We've been waiting to try these all morning long. Author Summertime treats on goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! He's  marcus samuelsson .", "Back, now, with one of my personal favorites. Marcus samuelsson . We've been waiting to try these all morning long. Author and chef at red roof harlem. And what did you bring? I ", "well come out like this. Summertime treats on goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! He's marcus samuelsson . ", 'Marcus Samuelson . I imagine He is the optional. You should go to this restaurant red rooster in Harlem on my mom of the. Of the town recently ', 'Marcus Samuelson . I imagine He is the optional. You should go to this restaurant red rooster in Harlem on my mom of the. Of ', "I and its New Year's Eve. Eve you can tell we're very eager to get this party started here entertaining you want great food you don't want to who want to enjoy everything here with a solution for all of it. Good friend of the show model. New American table found out of food republic dot com a very", 'thousands of recipes with the my plate program.  Marcus samuelsson  joined mrs. Obama and robin to whip up a few of moving here in the kitchen, with mrs. Obama and  marcus samuelsson . You know him from red rooster here in new york ', "third year. They're showing thousands of recipes with the my plate program. Marcus samuelsson joined mrs. Obama and robin to whip up a few of them. We're moving here in the kitchen, with mrs. Obama and marcus samuelsson . You know him from red rooster here in new york city. One of my favorite restaurants. That yard bird. Today, we're not ", "know one way. Tacos. Who better to make them than  marcus samuelsson  and tim love, with creative ways. Creative ways throughout the whole week. That's right. People like  marcus samuelsson , the guys from animal in l.A. Friends fly in ", 'meals. I know one way. Tacos. Who better to make them than marcus samuelsson and tim love, with creative ways. Creative ways to turn your leftovers into delicious tacos that will knock your socks off. You ', "like a cooking event throughout the whole week. That's right. People like marcus samuelsson , the guys from animal in l.A. Friends fly in from all over the country. Create this food and wine festival. Not only ", "and his. now America's recipes were cooking up some traditional American flavors with an international twist. Jeff  Marcus Samuelson  is the author of the new American table and this morning he's show us. Really how to do it right why not how to do it ", "were cooking up some traditional American flavors with an international twist. Jeff Marcus Samuelson is the author of the new American table and this morning he's -- -- show us. Really how to do it right ", "up cameras in their shopping cart, the refrigerator, the pantry, even weighing their trash. So, we brought in  marcus samuelsson , celebrity chef and owner of new york city's red rooster restaurant, for a little kitchen confidential. If you ", "the refrigerator, the pantry, even weighing their trash. So, we brought in marcus samuelsson , celebrity chef and owner of new york city's red rooster restaurant, for a little kitchen confidential. If you ran your kitchen the "]