['vital to the project to use the voices of authentic New Yorkers, including famous and non-famous city residents.  Mario Batali  opened his first restaurant in the city in 1993 and recorded a message for users, as did a regular habitue of the Mars ', "milk nearby. The blue cheese dipping sauce is the perfect way to cool off the wings. Mario's Spicy Chicken Wings  Mario Batali 's spicy wings are rubbed with a spice rub for four hours and then grilled. The dipping sauce is made with mayonnaise ", "through the long winter months. Plus, these delicious recipes taste like fall. Pumpkin and Butternut Squash Knishes  Mario Batali 's Broiled Pumpkin With Apples Stephanie O'Dea's Butternut Squash Soup Yogurt The medical world has long known that ", "Thanksgiving From the Boys: Mario Batali , Emeril Lagasse and Michael Symon's Best Dishes", 'year. We teamed up with "The Chew" on a delicious Thanksgiving collaboration with Emeril Lagasse, Michael Symon and  Mario Batali . From a turkey timeline to Mario\'s family traditions, this Thanksgiving will surely be a delicious one. Thanksgiving ', '(Donna Svennevik/ABC; Food Styling/Karen Pickus) Stuck in a rut? These Thanksgiving sides from  Mario Batali  will spice up any ordinary holiday table. Sauteed Spinach with Cremini and Pepper Mezzi Rigatoni with Sausage and Radicchio Turnips ', "Caprese Salad Tomatoes and fresh mozzarella are arranged in this pretty salad. Top with  Mario Batali 's champagne vinaigrette and basil.  Mario Batali 's Mom's Gazpacho This healthy soup requires little prep and no cooking. Pulse the vegetables ", 'Marcus Samuelsson (Top Chef, Top Chef Masters, Chopped), Johnny Iuzzini (Top Chef: Just Desserts), Iron Chef  Mario Batali , and Iron Chef Masaharu Morimoto. Award winning chefs from US and international top restaurants, food critics, cookbook ', 'we have it." I met Brent and Josh at the 15th anniversary of Epicurious at  Eataly  in New York. We were seated at the same table and had a great time while  Mario Batali  cooked us all dinner. Their second season will be at their new home, the ', 'one steakhouse. Plus, several top chefs - including  Mario Batali , Jean-Georges Vongerichten, Tom Colicchio, Emeril and not too lean," said the magazine. The winner:  Mario Batali \'s Carnevino at The Palazzo. And the best steak on the menu ', "beautiful bundt cake. Buttermilk keeps the cake incredibly moist and the berries add a nice pop of color. Spinach  Mario Batali 's recipe for sauteed spinach is a simple way to use fresh spinach greens. You can also add the leaves to a salad ", "would prepare the meal with help from Eric Ripert,  Mario Batali  and Gordon Ramsey. Daniel Boulud's Pick: Alain Ducasse Michael Symon enjoys, plus they're great friends.  Mario Batali 's Pick: Marc Vetri Philadelphia-based chef Marc ", 'For one week, the acclaimed chef  Mario Batali  is challenging Americans to "walk in someone else\'s shoes" by eating only what they would be able to buy with food stamps ', "who later won the award for Best Chef: New York and Matt Molina, who won for Best Chef: Pacific for his work at  Mario Batali 's Osteria Mozza. Dan Barber, James Beard winner, chef and mentor, congratulated Best Chef: Midwest and chef of ", 'Co-host of ABC\'s "The Chew" prepares a delicious Italian meal completely from vegetables.', "Test Text1 plain  Mario batali 's sons gave him a cookbook, things they love making for him. Now the batali brothers cookbook out in time for father's day ", "Test Text1 plain Mario batali's sons gave him a cookbook, things they love making for him. Now the batali brothers cookbook out in time for father's day ", 'introduce our good friend, from "the chew." Glorious restaurants in and about the city of new york and elsewhere, he is  mario batali . Dishes with fresh, seasonal ingredients perfect for earth day. We love to celebrate sustainability and smaller carbon ', 'in and about the city of new york and elsewhere, he is mario batali . Dishes with fresh, seasonal ingredients perfect for earth day. We love to celebrate sustainability and smaller carbon footprints. We giveut seed pacts. ', "We're here with  mario batali , our special christmas co-host. He kicked off the 12 days of christmas countdown. Why not have him back for the perfect holiday ", "We're here with mario batali , our special christmas co-host. He kicked off the 12 days of christmas countdown. Why not have him back for the perfect holiday ", 'in here, buddy. Dig in. Our good friend and host of abc\'s "the chew," he is the one and only, the singular  mario batali  here. Adding your spin for turkey day, it\'s a spin I cannot wait to dig into. What are we talking about here ', 'of abc\'s "the chew," he is the one and only, the singular mario batali here. Adding your spin for turkey day, it\'s a spin I cannot wait to dig into. What are we talking about here? ']