['Wachowski, reveals her new name and appearance in a promotional clip for "Cloud Atlas." Seated between her brother,  Andy Wachowski , and director Tom Tykwer, she says, "Hi, I\'m Lana." She wears a gray dress and hot pink dreadlocks. Wachowski ', "track look interchangeable, and the action sequences are more video game than movie. Writers/directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  (TheMatrix trilogy) attracted some major acting talent. Emile Hirsch is fine as Speed, though the role doesn't ", 'mysteries. Little did Stark know, when she proposed the class last year, that "Matrix" co-writer and director  Andy Wachowski  is an Emerson alum -- or perhaps this is something evil machines have programmed into our collective memories. 4 ', "Pinkett Smith is another new recruit she'll play Fishburne's love interest, Niobe. Sibling directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  are reportedly still looking for an Asian martial arts star to kick the films' action up a notch. They have already ", "Pinkett Smith is another new recruit she'll play Fishburne's love interest, Niobe. Sibling directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  are reportedly still looking for an Asian martial arts star to kick the films' action up a notch. They have already ", "Pinkett Smith is another new recruit she'll play Fishburne's love interest, Niobe. Sibling directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  are reportedly still looking for an Asian martial arts star to kick the films' action up a notch. They have already ", "Pinkett Smith is another new recruit she'll play Fishburne's love interest, Niobe. Sibling directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  are reportedly still looking for an Asian martial arts star to kick the films' action up a notch. They have already ", "Pinkett Smith is another new recruit she'll play Fishburne's love interest, Niobe. Sibling directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  are reportedly still looking for an Asian martial arts star to kick the films' action up a notch. They have already ", "Pinkett Smith is another new recruit she'll play Fishburne's love interest, Niobe. Sibling directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  are reportedly still looking for an Asian martial arts star to kick the films' action up a notch. They have already ", "Pinkett Smith is another new recruit she'll play Fishburne's love interest, Niobe. Sibling directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  are reportedly still looking for an Asian martial arts star to kick the films' action up a notch. They have already ", "Pinkett Smith is another new recruit she'll play Fishburne's love interest, Niobe. Sibling directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  are reportedly still looking for an Asian martial arts star to kick the films' action up a notch. They have already ", "Pinkett Smith is another new recruit she'll play Fishburne's love interest, Niobe. Sibling directors Larry and  Andy Wachowski  are reportedly still looking for an Asian martial arts star to kick the films' action up a notch. They have already ", 'stories coming from Asia. At the end of the day, you have to do what\'s really important to you." If Larry and  Andy Wachowski  want an Asian martial arts star in their films, they\'re going to have to go with someone less famous and less busy ']