['Geneva. JFK has a long, colorful history of cargo thefts, the most famous being the Lufthansa heist immortalized in  Martin Scorsese \'s 1990 film "Goodfellas." Three months ago, detectives cracked a long-running operation that saw thousands ', "'The Wolf on Wall Street' Trailer Shows Leonardo DiCaprio Rolling in Mega-Wealth Debauchery", 'The newly-released trailer for "The Wolf of Wall Street," starring Leonardo DiCaprio, gives a first glimpse at  Martin Scorsese \'s new crime thriller about the wealth of Wall Street moguls in the 1990s. "The Wolf of Wall Street" is based ', 'drama): Meryl Streep, "The Iron Lady" Best actor (drama): George Clooney, "The Descendants" Best director:  Martin Scorsese , "Hugo" *"The Artist" won in the best picture (comedy) category RELATED: Praise, Criticism for Jodie Foster\'s ', 'soldiers in Tibet. The "Banned From China" distinction is one Pitt has shared with the likes of Richard Gere,  Martin Scorsese  and Harrison Ford, all big Dalai Lama supporters. One excited user named "chrinore" wrote back in English to Pitt\'s ', 'one-on-one interviews with Jackson\'s confidants, collaborators, choreographers and famous fans, including director  Martin Scorsese , Mariah Carey, Cee Lo Green and Sheryl Crow, to name a few. "This film was done with the cooperation of the Michael ', 'After watching  Martin Scorsese \'s 1990 gangster epic "Goodfellas," which depicted the life of Henry Hill , the famed mobster turned FBI informant, you may ', 'Hill, the famed mobster turned FBI informant whose life story was documented in the book "Wiseguy"- upon which  Martin Scorsese \'s 1990 mobster epic "Goodfellas" was based - has died at the age of 69. Hill died at a Los Angeles hospital of ', 'songwriting and blaming him for the lack of time focused on the group\'s other members in "The Last Waltz," the  Martin Scorsese -directed documentary about the group\'s farewell concert. Meanwhile, Garth Hudson, The Band\'s only other surviving ', 'appearances by Ringo Starr, Bob Dylan and Eric Clapton. They called it "The Last Waltz" and gave a young director named  Martin Scorsese  free reign to film them onstage and off, creating a documentary that memorialized one of the legendary concerts of ', 'uncertainty there is going into tonight\'s ceremony. On the index, "The Artist" director Michel Hazanavicius overtook  Martin Scorsese  who directed "Hugo" and Alexander Payne who directed "The Descendants" as of this morning. CLICK HERE FOR ABC ', 'opportunity to read a script alongside her. The special show will also include appearances from George Clooney,  Martin Scorsese , Helen Mirren, Charlize Theron, Don Cheadle, Edward Norton, Antonio Banderas, Samuel L. Jackson and several ', 'Help." 8. Branch out. The story of a boy who lives in a clock tower wasn\'t exactly what anyone expected from  Martin Scorsese . But that\'s the point -- by going outside the box, Scorsese charmed audiences in a new way, and racked up nearly ', 'directors guild. On ABC News\' Oscars Stock Market Index, Hazanavicius overtook the lead from "Hugo" director  Martin Scorsese  after he took a 12 percent dive, while Alexander Payne, who directed "The Descendants," was slowly gaining ', "but it took out. Aren't you have just seen a scene from Hugo the movie you need to see right now. And right now I have the pleasure to have him. Markets says he's the director Hugo and so many things and I can't look at Q and introduced this movie without saying you're the guy you know them. Guy", 'the only one. Did you ever think back on one of would have liked to have 3-D if you gone back quote such a crazy person about 3-D optimal. But the a minor sure imagine that taxi driver and three. talking to me would be but towards the north but for frivolous contract because what happens with the', "called the golden collar. An ABC's nick brings us behind the battle lines NX. Good morning George well listen  Martin Scorsese 's latest masterpiece Hugo is up for eleven Oscars so many I had to and then we're talking. Best picture best ", "brings us behind the battle lines NX. Good morning George well listen Martin Scorsese's latest masterpiece Hugo is up for eleven Oscars so many I had to -- and then we're talking. Best picture best director ", 'me I was playing. Irish gangster in Boston and the  Martin Scorsese  film. Opposite Jack Nicholson and it and a great how to do this you know to help figure out director  Martin Scorsese . After gangs of New York in 2002 and aviator in 2004 ', 'tell me I was playing. -- Irish gangster in Boston and the Martin Scorsese film. Opposite Jack Nicholson and it and a great -- like Matt Damon and all these other great actors around me I ', 'wow how to do this you know to help figure out director Martin Scorsese . After gangs of New York in 2002 and aviator in 2004 this is the third time Leo has teamed up with the ', "There fellow members of the City Council in less than two hours. Liquor will be declared illegal by decree of the distinguished gentleman on our nation's congress. To those beautiful ignorant bastard yeah. We've got a product of fellas got a hat fits. And that's just for starters goes on we'll down", "python yeah so all of the Oscar going on right now  Martin Scorsese 's Hugo is getting a lot of attention. It is and national board of review awards it won best picture. And  Martin Scorsese  won for best director of course that was the family ", "-- so all of the Oscar -- -- going on right now Martin Scorsese's Hugo is getting a lot of attention. It is and it just won the top spot at the national board of review awards it won best picture. And Martin Scorsese won for best director of course -- that was the family adventure film and that premiered last weekend at the box office ", "very real friendship between the legendary director  Martin Scorsese . And the actor He is proud to call his news Leonardo screening anybody's standards Leonardo DiCaprio and  Martin Scorsese  are Hollywood royalty. The two have already teamed ", "tale. Is a very warm very real friendship between the legendary director Martin Scorsese . And the actor He is proud to call his news Leonardo DiCaprio. We sat down for an intimate chat with two men at the top of their talents. For our new series screening -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- anybody's standards Leonardo DiCaprio and Martin Scorsese are Hollywood royalty. The two have already teamed up in three notable films together gangs of New York. The aviator. And need "]