["comedy films into more serious fare, Tom Cruise delved into the role of veteran and anti-war activist Ron Kovic in  Oliver Stone 's adaptation of Kovic's autobiography. Kovic is transitioning from the brutality of the Vietnam war into the disillusionment ", 'screen -- though with mixed success. He starred in box-office bombs "John Carter" and "Battleship." His role in  Oliver Stone \'s "Savages," however earned him praise. He will also star opposite Julia Roberts and Mark Ruffalo in 2014\'s ', '(Leo Ramirez/AFP/Getty Images) Sean Penn and  Oliver Stone , two vocal supporters of controversial Venezuelan President President Maduro." PHOTOS: Hugo Chavez Through the Years  Oliver Stone , who championed Chavez in his 2009 film "South of ', "Nixon' category: 1995 Anthony Hopkins tries his hand at a portrayal of Nixon in this biographical film directed by  Oliver Stone . The film takes a somber tone at times, especially when displaying the paranoia and medical issues that apparently ", 'thrown out of his home in Brooklyn. His move to Hollywood paid off, however. After the series, he went on to star in  Oliver Stone \'s "Nixon," in the Broadway production of "Rent" and in series like "Grey\'s Anatomy." Cruz, 38, is also ', "collaborating with the prolific Mexican cinematographer Rodrigo Prieto , who's worked with everyone from Pedro Almodovar to  Oliver Stone . Can you catch the Argentine accent? Just two years ago, while speaking with a Univision reporter during a press ", 'Exclusive: Salma Hayek Reacts to Killing of Zetas Cartel Leader, Talks About the Future of Mexico', "added, raising her voice for emphasis. Since she played a ruthless cartel leader to perfection this past summer in  Oliver Stone 's Savages , I just had to ask her thoughts on the recent killing of the Zetas cartel leader Heriberto Lazcano aka ", 'deliciously convincing as a cunning yet oddly sensitive cartel boss (coincidentally nicknamed "Madrina") in the  Oliver Stone  film, we look forward to seeing her do the Colombian version. Penelope Cruz She was the first to violate the "don\'t ', 'people who share her heritage. The actress was discussing her role as the head of a ruthless Mexican drug cartel in  Oliver Stone \'s film "Savages" when she told the magazine, as translated from German to English, "I am proud to have been involved ', 'Rises" featured a scene in which gunmen shoot up a movie theatre. A judge in 1997 threw out a case against director  Oliver Stone  and the Teem Warner Company, producers, of the film "Natural Born Killers," following a suit by convenience-store ', "Audiences will be looking to see how Garfield's Spidey stacks up to the Tobey Maguire's. Opens July 3. Savages  Oliver Stone 's latest film takes on Don Winslow's bestselling novel about two marijuana growers and their girlfriend, played ", 'Oscar winner  Oliver Stone  is hitting theaters guns blazing in his new film savages. Intense your life letter down. You can in this because And we have and have  Oliver Stone  Taylor here with us this morning thanks for common thread I loved ', 'Oscar winner Oliver Stone is hitting theaters -- guns blazing in his new film savages. Intense drama stars Taylor kitsch is a California marijuana -- gets ', "You can -- in this because -- And we have and have Oliver Stone Taylor -- here with us this morning thanks for common thread I loved that line savages they'll make -- -- they go. ", 'assassination. Now three time Academy Award winning director  Oliver Stone  is taking on South America. He says our neighbors to He said on the road trip to try to change that and  Oliver Stone  joins us now and has instead he appeared for south American ', "Street in the Kennedy assassination. Now three time Academy Award winning director Oliver Stone is taking on South America. He says our neighbors to the south haven't gotten a fair shake from the American media and armed with a camera. He said on the road trip to try to change that and Oliver Stone joins us now and has instead he appeared -- for south American -- white linen suit. -- this is the old cliche ", "Here's our review from time out new York film critic. Josh dropped off. W  Oliver stone 's new film about George W. Bush turns out to be a very. Absorbing and complex portrait of a very influential and polarizing ", "review from time out new York film critic. Josh dropped off. W Oliver stone's new film about George W. Bush turns out to be a very. Absorbing -- and complex portrait of a very influential and ", "the film, they will see crazy things. We talked to  oliver stone  yesterday, selma, the day before. This is close to need to work on it so this is a beautiful picture by  oliver stone . A love story. It's beautiful. It's complicated ", 'audience sees the film, they will see crazy things. We talked to oliver stone yesterday, selma, the day before. This is close to her heart. She, like you, is from mexico. And we know how much ', "need to work on it so this is a beautiful picture by oliver stone . A love story. It's beautiful. It's complicated. And he's really a piece of work. He's a great guy. He's a great director. ", "Henderson went to see savages new  Oliver Stone  it. Good morning GA this morning you've had a time of the and and got  Oliver Stone  he directed this phone. And as liked both but in my and I wish  Oliver Stone  just stuck with one. And just ", "name director. Digital news associate -- Henderson went to see savages new Oliver Stone it. Good morning GA this morning you've had a -- time of the -- and -- -- and got -- -- Oliver Stone he directed this phone. And as one critic said if you really did pull out his -- for this movie because it. ", "to this don't. I liked both but in my and I wish Oliver Stone -- -- just stuck with one. And just done at that I would not I don't like details of the -- kind "]