['In New Mexico, green chile is a staple in almost every meal and a must on a burger. Bobby Flay knows it, and so does  Guy Fieri . So, a few years ago, in a stroke of grass-roots marketing inspiration, New Mexico Tourism put together a "Green ', "for four hours and then grilled. The dipping sauce is made with mayonnaise, white vinegar, sugar and horseradish.  Guy Fieri 's Firecracker Wings Toasted sesame seeds and soy sauce give these Asian-inspired wings a new twist. Put the wings ", "Serve finger foods that your guests will love, like  Guy Fieri 's green papaya salad with lemongrass chicken and his preparation, chill the ingredients in advance. We love  Guy Fieri 's silver sangria which is made with wine and fresh fruit ", 'Guy Fieri  is licking his wounds after the New York Times eviscerated his new Times WELCOME TO FLAVOR TOWN! were you just messing with our heads?" RELATED:  Guy Fieri \'s Restaurant Skewered by New York Times Critic Maybe Fieri can take heart ', "including Paula Deen, Dan Barber, Daniel Boulud and  Guy Fieri . Paula Deen's Twist on Turkey: Cornish Hens The queen step-by-step instructions to Boulud's Thanksgiving recipes  Guy Fieri  Fires Up Thanksgiving Leftovers", "Guy Fieri 's new Times Square restaurant, Guy's American Kitchen and Bar, may have received a poor review , but we think you should ", '(Image credit: AP Images)  Guy Fieri \'s new Times Square flagship isn\'t getting the same amount of love he gives to the restaurants on his popular show, "Diners ', 'California Teen Accused of Stealing Lamborghini Target of Juvenile Hall Break-In', "Wade out of the Marin County Juvenile Hall. He is being held for an attempted murder charge, stealing Food Network chef  Guy Fieri 's Lamborghini and a variety of other charges. Wade turned 18 Friday and was scheduled to be sent to the Marin County ", 'party: Tebow\'s Pizza Pie \'Pavarotti Pizza Man"s Famous Antipasti Pizza Wolfgang Puck\'s Barbecue Chicken Pizza  Guy Fieri \'s S\'more Pizza, Not Just For Kids Daphne Oz\'s Baked Spicy Pizza Chips Rocco DiSpirito\'s Individual Crispy \'Loaded ', "spices and flour. Fry them first at 325 degrees and then at 365 degrees for the best fried chicken you've ever had.  Guy Fieri 's Green Papaya Salad with Lemongrass Chicken Excellent as an appetizer or an entree, these tropical skewers are marinated ", "Youngstown, Ohio, food company John Zidian Group and spiky-haired Food Network star  Guy Fieri  caused quite a feeding frenzy at last week's Fancy Food Show in San Francisco. When word spread of Fieri's arrival, retail ", 'gone viral overnight. A new york times critic slamming  guy fieri \'s flagship restaurant. Saying the service is bad Reporter: Not so bad getting dinner last night. You know  guy fieri  from his hit shows, "diners, drive-ins and dives ', 'the least. It\'s gone viral overnight. A new york times critic slamming guy fieri\'s flagship restaurant. Saying the service is bad. The food, even worse. We sent abc\'s linsey davis to check it out. She joins us this morning. Good morning, linsey. Reporter: Not so bad getting dinner last night. You know guy fieri from his hit shows, "diners, drive-ins and dives," where his personality makes him one of the food network\'s hottest stars. But his ', 'Stars of Food Network\'s "Celebrity Cook Off" go head-to-head, answering popular cooking queries.', "All of you know we just finish whistle stop tour and we're out there we it's it's great food from so many different diners we thought we knew everything you know and now we know nothing. Because then comes the guy who really knows his name is even guy guide DA won a mine in Italian the real deal", "I'm watching your show watch it late at night I'm hungry. At the worst time for and then icu going to some of these diners and dives in other obscure little place. And after you eat what you're eating them thinking He need to spreader I mean these things are just excited sightings of last. Decade.", "Max Wade being held on charges including allegedly stealing TV chef  Guy Fieri's  Lamborghini."]