["chairman Marc Racicot (RAWS'-koh) is 65. Actor Michael Richards is 64. Actress Lynda Carter is 62. Movie director  Gus Van Sant  is 61. Country singer Pam Tillis is 56. Actor Paul Ben-Victor is 51. Actor Kadeem Hardison is 48. Actress-singer ", 'Hays ("Airplane!") is 66. Actor Michael Richards ("Seinfeld") is 64. Actress Lynda Carter is 62. Director  Gus Van Sant  is 61. Country singer Pam Tillis is 56. Actor Kadeem Hardison is 48. Actress-singer Kristin Chenoweth is 45. Actress ', 'with the acclaimed Australian cinematographer Christopher Doyle, who has worked with directors as diverse as Americans  Gus Van Sant  and M. Night Shyamalan and the Chinese director Zhang Yimou. A full-length album, "The Divine Comedy," is set ', 'our little movie...They\'re pretty impressive at what they do," Schamus said in a statement to ABC News. " Gus  ( Van Sant ), Matt (Damon), and John (Krasinski) made a wonderful and entertaining film about what happens when big money ', 'bought the rights in 1979, the project went through several iterations, with directors like Jean-Luc Goddard and  Gus Van Sant  proposed, and actors like Ethan Hawke and Brad Pitt attached. The production that finally succeeded after so many ', 'the sexuality of two of his Hollywood colleagues. The article mentions that Lautner recently had dinner with director  Gus Van Sant  and screenwriter Dustin Lance Black, both of whom worked on the Sean Penn film Milk and are gay. When the writer asked ', 'Upcoming roles include everything from the lead in Tim Burton\'s "Alice in Wonderland" to a turn as the love interest in  Gus Van Sant \'s next film. Evan Rachel Wood Evan Rachel Wood, 24, mesmerized audiences in Catherine Hardewicke\'s "Thirteen ', 'and Annette Bening, who together set out to find her biological father. And she\'s set to act in "Milk" director  Gus Van Sant \'s still unnamed next project. "The fact that a serious director like Van Sant is interested in her speaks to her ', 'most influential. Homages to this horror classic can be found from "Scream" to "The Simpsons" . In 1998, director  Gus Van Sant  directed a shot-for-shot remake of the 1960 film, starring Vince Vaughn and Anne Heche. This experimental take ', 'Octuplet Mom, Barry Bonds to Princess Diana: People and Events That Changed History', 'the halls of Congress to the aisles of movie theaters in films like Michael Moore\'s "Bowling for Columbine" and  Gus van Sant \'s "Elephant." What drove Klebold, 18, and Harris, 17, to kill 15 people -- including themselves -- and injure ', "Golden Globe nominations, including one for Streep's performance. It opens Dec. 12 in limited release. 'Milk'  Gus Van Sant 's epic about 1970s gay rights leader Harvey Milk has been at the top of critics' lists since Sean Penn was picked ", 'A-list actors who can open a film. "It was hard to find gay actors who were out," the film\'s openly gay director  Gus Van Sant  told Reuters. "There really aren\'t [many] . You could do it, but they would be unknowns and that would be fine ', 'that ... it must have landed like a ton of bricks," he said. What About \'Goonies II?\' Next up for Brolin is  Gus Van Sant \'s "Milk," which will be out next month. He plays Dan White, who fatally shot San Francisco councilman Harvey ', "the twinkie defense that was I'm sorry I ate these twinkies and I went crazy with revenge I didn't premeditated.  Gus Van Sant  directs it Sean Penn is almost just a few years away from winning the Oscar for Mystic River from what I've seen this ", "ate these twinkies and I went crazy with revenge I didn't premeditated. Gus Van Sant directs it Sean Penn -- is almost just a few years away from winning the Oscar for Mystic River from what I've "]