['In fact, since about the time Brad Benson got his start in the Woods Cross Police Department.', 'Back in the summer of 1980, it seemed, frankly, like one of those murders that happened all too commonly in other cities, though surely not here. Brad Benson was a rookie, a reserve officer, in a town that only rarely seemed to need much of a police department.', "Steve Strom was an overnight shift worker at a local aerospace parts company. So it was just before 8 a.m., he told first responders, when he came home to find his wife's body. She'd been severely beaten, the furniture in their bedroom had been pushed around as if in a violent struggle.", "Karin Strom's sister Coco rushed to the crime scene. A friendly cop threw that jacket round her shoulders.", 'But even before that awful day came to an end, some friends of Steve and Karin Strom felt like they knew what must have happened.', 'Keith Morrison: And those investigators remained convinced that their man was Steve--', "But as the trial approached, back at the beginning of the 1980s, none of the evidence from that chaotic bedroom murder scene could be tested for DNA; the technology just didn't exist then. What they had instead was a circumstantial case, the testimony of friends and family, who would say that Steve was sometimes verbally and possibly physically abusive, that Karin wanted out.", 'Just like the lime green suitcase. Through all that evidence, felt no emotion at all as it sat there gathering dust all those years.', "But now, as he contemplated imminent retirement, Brad Benson, now a detective sergeant, had come to believe - or to hope at least - that new technologies would finally give mute evidence a voice, and make the case that couldn't be made back in 1980.", 'But you know what they say about assumptions. Because, as Benson was about to discover, just beneath that apparently obvious surface was a very strange story indeed.', "It was June 2006. Twenty-six years - almost to the day - since Coco Saltzgiver's sister Karin Strom was murdered in Woods Cross, Utah. The crime had never been solved, though some evidence at the time seem to point toward Karin's husband, Steve Strom. And who knows why these things come about? Coco happened to be in Utah to attend a funeral. She happened to be driving through Woods Cross. And, on a whim, really, decided to stop at the local police department to ask what finally happened to that case.", "Brad Benson: They had-- fingernails-- that-- they didn't know what they contained back then.", "Brad Benson: They-- they saved 'em. Consequently, they became one of the-- the best pieces of evidence that we had.", 'But then, it was about 7 years in, when the bad times started to outweigh the good. The problem, said Melody, was Steve - who could be, she said, a mean drunk.', 'Melody Fairbourne: When he would start drinking, he would start verbally degrading her. ', "And waited with karin's sister coco for the results of dna tests conducted on karin's preserved fingernails. Waited to be able to say, finally...got him.", 'Around Woods Cross, Utah, and among the suburbs and the city on the shores of the great Salt Lake, the story of Karin Strom was ancient history now; an artifact long lost to public memory. There was just the green suitcase, the soon-to-retire detective, and the one person for whom a burning need lived on, every day, for more than a quarter century.', 'Keith Morrison: What was your assessment, then, as to what probably happened that night?', 'Keith Morrison: Was there anything else that went to motive as far as Steve was concerned?', 'Brad Benson: I told-- Steve that he-- if he came up and provided those samples, that it could do just as much good with eliminating him as a suspect as it could actually point the finger at him.', 'And less than 2 weeks after Benson submitted the samples that could finally identify a murderer a result. And Benson looked at the name, and...', "Confused? Once Benson absorbed the news, he picked up the phone and called Karin's sister coco.", 'And suddenly what once seemed a case of tying up old loose ends had been blown wide open.', "Funny thing about public attitudes. How a common suspicion can harden over time into something like perceived truth. Those few who still remembered the 1980 murder of Karin Strom had two and a half decades to solidify their suspicion of husband Steve. And now DNA revealed that cells under Karin's fingernails belonged to someone else altogether. Belonged to a man named Ed Owens.", 'Or at least, they both worked at the same machine at e-systems, an aerospace parts manufacturer. Ed worked the swing shift and Steve took over the machine on the graveyard shift. Ed was new in town...and Steve befriended him.', "And now that some of the DNA under Karin's fingernails turned out to be a match for that sample collected from Ed Owens. Benson's belief about what happened the night of Karin's murder took a sudden U-turn.", 'Keith Morrison: So he would have basically barged in on her and started an assault immediately?', "Brad Benson: Well, that would be the only way that he could be assured that-- the finger wasn't going to be pointed back to him. ", 'But now years later the DNA pointed directly at Mr. Owens. Soon after Detective Benson informed Owens that the case was being re-opened, Ed left town, leaving nothing but a note behind for his wife Patricia, containing things like bank account numbers. ', 'Brad Benson: I kind of got the gut feeling that to a certain degree he may be relieved to have this happen. ', 'As owens awaited his day in court, an apparently relieved Steve Strom appeared briefly on local tv.', 'And for the first time, Coco began to believe she would finally understand what happened to her sister Karin.', 'Michael Studebaker: And said, "You\'re not gonna believe what we just found under the fingernails." And-- I literally had to pull over because it just-- I was-- my mind was just spinning.', "Michael Studebaker: I thought there's semen under his fingernails, that sure doesn't show murder. That shows consensual relations at the best. ", "Brad Benson: I didn't believe that the whole sample was semen, based on the scratches that Mr. Owens had on his arms and hands and face.", "Except what happened next didn't seem so much like a hit for the prosecution...more like a strikeout. County attorney Rawlings dropped the charges without prejudice, dismissed the case. Ed Owens was released.", "Oh, the prosecutor tried to assure the public he wasn't giving up on making a case against Ed Owens.", "Now Prosecutor Rawlings was more confident he could convince a jury that far from having consensual sex with Karin. Ed tried to rape her - and killed her in the process. Which would explain the semen found under Karin's fingernails. ", "And so in the dog days of August, 8 months after he'd withdrawn the murder charges against Ed Owens, Rawlings re-filed his murder case.", "It was March of 2009. Finally, the event had arrived almost 29 years after the murder of Karin Strom. It was the eve of Ed Owens' trial in Farmington, Utah. And coco was overcome with emotion. ", 'Coco Saltzgiver: (cries) "Oh God, don\'t let me fail Karin." I loved her so much that I want her to know the monster got you and now I\'m facing the monster and I\'m going to get him.', "But... Who was the monster? As the trial began, the defense attorney offered his theory to the jury: that Ed and Karin had been having an affair, the semen got under her nails earlier, before the night of the murder, a night when he wasn't even there.", 'The defense wanted the jury to believe that it was an angry and jealous steve who grabbed karin by the neck and choked her to death, an entirely different story than the one told by the prosecutor.', 'After a 7-day trial, it was now in the hands of the jury. And the detective who brought this cold case back to life was sweating.', 'On the first night, the jury deliberated until 9:30 p.m., and then announced they were going home.', "Keith Morrison: How difficult was it to come forward and say you weren't so sure? ", 'Here they were, responsible public servants, no idea that all their deliberation about guilt or innocence was about to be turned on its head by an unlikely public confession, a poisonous accusation - and a tale almost too wild to be believed.', "Karin's sister Coco tossed all night. Detective Brad Bensen barely slept. The night the jury went home without a verdict...", 'Oh, there was another alternative, as everyone would soon know... But the jury, on the morning of the second day, was preoccupied instead by a determined holdout.', "His lingering doubts were eventually dispelled, and the defense's efforts to pin the murder on Steve were rejected.", "Byron Beck: I-- I think we all agreed that, yeah, he was abusive. But the motive, I don't think we questioned whether or not he had motive there. ", 'Court Clerk: We the jury impaneled to try the issues in the above-entitled matter, do hereby find the defendant Edward Lewis Owens guilty. (Loud gasp in the courtroom)', "Outside the courtroom, they dodged reporters, and then insisted later that the jury had simply gotten it wrong. Even the family, to judge by their statements, unaware of one more wild, improbable and impending twist. Almost two months after the verdict, a May morning, 2009, Ed's sentencing day. Waiting in the wings to make a pre-sentence statement, a woman who would offer evidence that Ed once raped and very nearly killed her a few years before karin's murder. And then suddenly her statement was canceled. The judge made an announcement: Ed Owens had something important to say.", 'Ed Owens: Mr. Strom had asked me to kill his wife on several different occasions, and then he finally offered me half of her insurance money to do it. Actually, what I did was I went over to warn her and tell her that he wanted her killed. As it turned out there was an argument between her and I, and I ended up strangling her and killing her.', "And meanwhile, in the visitor's room deep in a prison in Draper, Utah, we sat down for a chat with the admitted killer, and now accuser, Ed Owens.", 'No, it was an accident, he says. And as he tells this story, keep in mind that killing by strangulation requires prolonged force - several minutes of force: sustained, determined choking.', "Keith Morrison: What kind of evidence can you provide that there's any truth to that story?", "Turns out, he didn't. Although, there was an insurance policy on Karin's life, an investigation revealed that Ed's story was not credible and Steve Strom was not involved with Karin's murder. And Strom, burned by suspicion over the years, would not agree to do a videotaped interview. And so it was Dick Cantonwine who spoke for him, who told us about the damage from which his friend is trying to heal.", 'And Detective Benson, who finally confronted the mystery of the murder at the start of his career, is looking forward to retirement, now that the old green suitcase has finally yielded up its secrets.', 'Once, there was a day to ride in her yellow Camaro. And then a day to defend justice in her memory. And both are what sisters do.']