['Writer and friend who brought so into our lives filmmaker  Nora Ephron  guiding hand behind romantic comedy classics like when woman who imagine them. I guess you can change and not  Nora Ephron  wrote what she knew she once explained Diane Sawyer ', "Writer and friend who brought so -- -- into our lives filmmaker Nora Ephron -- guiding hand behind romantic comedy classics like when Harry met Sally and sleepless in Seattle. Died yesterday after a battle with leukemia. This is not a -- for plot lines were simple that men and women can't be friends because sex part always gets. Her characters delightfully complicated eloquent and funny just like a woman who imagine them. I guess you can change and -- not Nora Ephron wrote what she knew she once explained Diane Sawyer. Men don't really wanna be friends with women they have already got friends ", 'We have some sad news to report tonight  Nora Ephron  the Oscar nominated writer director and friend to so many of us at ABC has died after battling leukemia. The 71 year old Hollywood ', 'We have some sad news to report tonight Nora Ephron the Oscar nominated writer director and friend to so many of us at ABC has died after battling leukemia. The 71 year ', 'Ephron remembered for hit films as "Sleepless in Seattle" and "You\'ve Got Mail."', 'We marked a sad passing. Only hours ago legendary writer and film director  Nora Ephron  died at 71 from complications. Brought on by leukemia. For decades she created complex interest in female characters who captured ', "marked a sad passing. Only hours ago legendary writer and film director Nora Ephron died at 71 from complications. Brought on by leukemia. For decades she created complex interest in female characters who captured americans' hearts ", "actually permit so for example. You might reach for protein rich foods and that's an increased levels of but Meehan and  Nora Ephron  and her body and not make more alert and more energized. other hand if you eat carbohydrate rich foods the levels of ", "rich foods and that's an increased levels of -- but Meehan and Nora Ephron and her body and not make -- more alert and more energized. -- other hand if you eat carbohydrate rich foods the "]