['(Voiceover) When we look at major news events, we see again and again stories about people being duped.', '(Clips from balloon boy hoax coverage; John and Elizabeth Edwards, John Edwards; photo of Rielle Hunter and baby; coverage of balloon boy hoax)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) When this icon of high finance, Bernie Madoff, appeared to promise a path to financial fortunes with absolutely no risk...', '(Madoff; road signs; man at podium; person playing three-card monte; Tariq and Michaele Salahi; state dinner)', '(Lateefah at electronic device; people in elevator; smoke entering room with people in it)', '(People in crowded hall; woman entering elevator; button being pressed; hidden camera of elevator with group of people turning around)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Just last fall an affluent, educated group on a spiritual retreat entered this sweat lodge, a kind of oversized sauna, designed to purge them of toxins. Many had done this kind of thing before. But this time something went horribly wrong. Despite rising temperatures most of the group decided to remain inside.', '(Crime scene; Michael Shermer talking to group; Skeptic magazine; Chris Hansen talking to Shermer)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) In this case, Shermer theorizes, that for some the need to fit in outweighed personal concerns for safety.', '(Hansen talking to Shermer; men with cameras in empty room; people climbing stairs; smoke machine by door; room filling with smoke; woman in room where smoke enters; women gets up, leaves; group of people in room with smoke)', '(People in mall; room filled with staffers and Ramona, all filling out paperwork; smoke entering room)', 'HANSEN: How close did you come to actually getting up and going to open the door just to check it out?', '(Liz; smoke-filled room; Liz and staffers filling out paperwork in smoke-filled room; Jerry and staffers in room; smoke entering room)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Jerry calms down for a moment, but appears perplexed that no one else is reacting. Finally he gets up. Has he had enough? He looks increasingly frustrated, and yet, instead of leaving, he sits right back down and seems unable to focus. Six long minutes go by.', '(Jerry and others in smoke-filled room; Jerry approaches smoke; Jerry sits back down; Jerry and others in smoke-filled room)', 'HANSEN: Chris Hansen with DATELINE NBC. Nice to see you. Did you think about just getting up and getting the heck out of here?', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) It may seem strange, but his decision to stay illustrates the power of group pressure, the need to conform, even if it means seemingly putting ourselves at great risk.', 'Dr. SHERMER: We are a social species that feels right and good about following our social group.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Dr. Shermer says we feel safe doing what others do, so the pressure to conform outweighs the rational desire to leave.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Social psychologist Dr. Michael Shermer says investors were suckered because Madoff seemed so credible and because they saw people just like them get in on the action.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) In fact, he says, the same forces are at work in one of the oldest cons in the book: three-card monte.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) ...and watches as our DATELINE accomplices appear to be big winners.', 'Mr. HASKINS: (Hidden camera) Twenty. I pay the 20. I pay the winner just right this is now.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) And just as Madoff victims followed their peer group, she follows Stephanie and puts her money down...', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Our dealer senses trouble and gives the signal for everyone to scatter, hoping to avoid a confrontation.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Dragging his little pooch, he gets all over six-foot-three Lemont.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) He and everyone else who bet got their money back. So what does our expert Dr. Shermer think?', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) And there was another thing that caused some Madoff victims to get taken. They were made to feel special. They believed only a select few were invited to invest.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Their boss, Jeremy, is really an actor hired by us. He tells them his company studies paranormal phenomena and tests everyone who works for the company to see if they have extrasensory perception. They all agree to be tested.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) We prepared this ESP aptitude test. All the actors in the video are really DATELINE colleagues who, as far as we know, have no paranormal powers.', 'JEREMY: (Hidden camera) Just take a breath, relax and, again, nobody ever does very well at this. So...', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) And she gets it right. The test continues. This time Hannah picks the whisk.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) So have we convinced Hannah she has special psychic abilities?', 'JEREMY: (Hidden camera) And maybe once every year, year and a half, someone does what you just did.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) But to cash in, she needs to cough up some of her own money to develop her talents. She has to give up her pay for the day.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Sure enough, she falls for it. She signs a document and, believe it or not, gives us her pay for the day.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Apparently, this skeptic has become a believer and hands over his pay.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Like so many other scam victims, the lure of cashing in on some outlandish opportunity was stronger than rational thought. After all, what are the chances that anyone really can read minds?', '(People taking fake ESP test; Hannah; smoke filling room with people doing paperwork)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) No pain, no gain. A fake reality show provokes some real questions when What Were You Thinking? continues.', '(Woman, Lateefah, Julie, Aranit, man and Emily waiting outside door; people on sidewalk in forest; children following man; policemen on street; people crossing street; people with children; shock generator; original shock generator)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) He was trying to figure out why so many average German citizens were convinced to go along with the annihilation of the Jews. He proved most people could easily be convinced to inflict harm on others if an authority figure told them it was OK.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Emily will be the contestant asking the questions. Now meet Tyler.', 'JEREMY: If he gets it right, we move on to the next question. If he gets it wrong, something else happens.', 'JEREMY: So for instance, hair color, bird wing, blue box, wild duck, ink printer.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) But there are five other reality star wannabes. Will they obey? This is Julie. She watches intently as our casting director straps Tyler in.', 'JEREMY: (Hidden camera) Each time he gets one wrong, you will go up in voltage, right? All the way until the test is completed.', '(Shock generator machine; electrical outlets; shock generator machine; Jeremy and Julie; Tyler in room)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) The right answer is number two, but Tyler pushes number four, intentionally giving the wrong answer. What will Julie do?', 'JULIE: (Hidden camera) OK, Tyler, you got that one wrong. The next one is 75 volts.', 'JEREMY: (Hidden camera) You really have no other choice. I need you to continue until the end of the test.', 'JEREMY: (Hidden camera) Well, I just want to introduce you to a colleague of mine, OK? Do you mind?', 'HANSEN: What was going through your mind as he was trying to convince you to stay and continue to shock the contestant?', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Julie stopped zapping Tyler after five wrong answers, but there are other contestants ready to take their turn at the machine. Coming up...', '(Julie, Tyler and Hansen; Lateefah; woman and Jeremy, and guy at shock generator)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) As our hidden cameras roll, you can see Lateefah is visibly upset each time she has to shock Tyler.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) She gets more distraught with each wrong answer, but keeps on following orders.', 'TYLER: (Hidden camera) Ah! Ah! Get me out of here! I refuse to go on! Let me out!', 'HANSEN: What was it about Jeremy that convinced you that you should keep going here?', '(Hansen and Lateefah talking; Aranit and Jeremy entering room with shock generator)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Will he stand up to our casting director? Aranit gets right into the game and quickly works his way up the shock panel.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) We asked psychologist Michael Shermer what was going on here.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) In other words, if an authority figure says the behavior is acceptable...', '(Man at shock generator; Jeremy and Aranit in room with shock generator; woman at shock generator; man at shock generator; Julie, Lateefah, Aranit, woman, man at shock generator)', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) Remember Lateefah? We stopped her because she seemed anguished almost every step of the way.', 'HANSEN: (Voiceover) So how can we stop ourselves from being gullible? The key, Dr. Shermer says, is to be conscious of our vulnerabilities.', '(People turning around in elevator; Jerry at table; man playing three-card monte; Jeremy and Aranit in room with shock generator)', 'LATEEFAH: My instinct was telling me stop, and I kept going for whatever reason.']