['further: "Quantum" has an art-house-heavy roster of talent for a $230 million action film. It was directed by  Marc Forster , known for intimate dramas such as "Finding Neverland" and "Monster\'s Ball." Paul Haggis, Oscar-winning ', 'World Trade Center"). "She\'s one of the most original and most talented actresses of her generation," says  Marc Forster  ("Stranger Than Fiction"). "She\'s very much in the moment and captures the moment in a three-dimensional ', 'minority. Despite the cultural divide, they are close friends. Though the film was shot in Western China, the director  Marc Forster  insisted on authenticity, even insisting the characters speak the Afghan dialect Dari. "I think it was very key to ', 'Hotel Rwanda" "Million Dollar Baby" "Sideways" "Ray" 2. Best Director Clint Eastwood, "Million Dollar Baby"  Marc Forster , "Finding Neverland" Terry George, "Hotel Rwanda" Taylor Hackford, "Ray" Alexander Payne, "Sideways" Martin ', 'painfully aware of his declining career is more than worthy. Best Director The Nominees: "Million Dollar Baby";  Marc Forster , "Finding Neverland"; Mike Nichols, "Closer"; Alexander Payne, "Sideways"; Martin Scorsese, "The Aviator ', "audience in two hours. THORNTON: Yeah. Well, I mean, part of it is, the director a big part of it the director,  Marc Forster  who is actually from Switzerland, you know, didn't want's raised in any sort of environment like I was at all ", "a death row inmate who gets sent to the chair that Thornton's character a racist works on. The film, directed by  Marc Forster  (Vanished), will be filmed in Louisiana, in part at Angola State prison. This summer, Combs will appear in Made ", "a death row inmate who gets sent to the chair that Thornton's character a racist works on. The film, directed by  Marc Forster  (Vanished), will be filmed in Louisiana, in part at Angola State prison. This summer, Combs will appear in Made ", "this weekend, takes over for Wes Bentley, who was originally set to play Thornton's son. The film, directed by  Marc Forster  (Vanished), will be filmed in Louisiana, in part at Angola State prison. This summer, Combs will appear in Made ", "a death row inmate who gets sent to the chair that Thornton's character a racist works on. The film, directed by  Marc Forster  (Vanished), will be filmed in Louisiana, in part at Angola State prison. This summer, Combs will appear in Made ", "this weekend, takes over for Wes Bentley, who was originally set to play Thornton's son. The film, directed by  Marc Forster  (Vanished), will be filmed in Louisiana, in part at Angola State prison. This summer, Combs will appear in Made ", "a death row inmate who gets sent to the chair that Thornton's character a racist works on. The film, directed by  Marc Forster  (Vanished), will be filmed in Louisiana, in part at Angola State prison. This summer, Combs will appear in Made ", "this weekend, takes over for Wes Bentley, who was originally set to play Thornton's son. The film, directed by  Marc Forster  (Vanished), will be filmed in Louisiana, in part at Angola State prison. This summer, Combs will appear in Made ", "testing. Some and I wouldn't sentence but I think that's. To me that's most. Simple in combat as a whole could back. Just a pen pal lone hit and we really look forward we. Feel informal talk about We have a lot from  Marc Forster ."]