["tractor has his teenage daughters to thank after they were able to lift the machine off him and quickly summon help.  Jeff Smith , 36, of Lebanon, Ore. was on his 1949 Ferguson tractor on April 1, trying to pull a stump out of his wife's garden ", 'community for a couple of years and are listening to their concerns. This is why we started this offer," PG&E spokesman  Jeff Smith  told ABC News. "In April 2012, we have expanded the eligibility to include 314 homeowners a mile wide from the plume ', "property waiting, according to West Virginia state treasurer John Perdue. The fraudulent message purports to come from  Jeff Smith  of the National Association of Unclaimed Property Administrators, but it's a fraud. NAUPA is a real organization ", 'billionth application any day now. Most of the developers are small outfits such as Smule, the company that Wang and  Jeff Smith  started to launch the Ocarina and several other apps. Smith, 35, is CEO. "One of the biggest hurdles for ', 'billionth application any day now. Most of the developers are small outfits such as Smule, the company that Wang and  Jeff Smith  started to launch the Ocarina and several other apps. Smith, 35, is CEO. "One of the biggest hurdles for ', 'three-year contracts, averting a potential strike one week before the National Democratic Convention in Denver,"  Jeff Smith  reports in the Rocky Mountain News. And labor pains: "I\'m hearing [Robert] Rubin\'s name more and more associated ', 'bellwether. A possible factor: the dwindling number of ethnic minorities even as the nation becomes more diversified, said  Jeff Smith , a Democratic state senator from St. Louis. "When you think of middle America, you think of Missouri," Smith said ', 'bellwether. A possible factor: the dwindling number of ethnic minorities even as the nation becomes more diversified, said  Jeff Smith , a Democratic state senator from St. Louis. "When you think of middle America, you think of Missouri," Smith said ', 'must-see film -- "Can Mr. Smith Get to Washington Anymore?"-- profiles the unsuccessful campaign of Missourian  Jeff Smith , who ran in 2004 to replace Dick Gephardt in Congress. LINK Weekend politics: Hawaii holds its primary tomorrow with ', 'that were on scene very quickly after the person had gone over and been able to recover them," Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr.  Jeff Smith  said today. DiPiero is the 12th person to go missing from a cruise ship in the last two years. In July, another Royal ', 'that endorsed him and made a last minute push on his behalf. LINK Though the loss must be heartbreaking for newcomer  Jeff Smith  who lost by a small margin The Note says Chin Up! For an inexperienced candidate you ran an impressive, media savvy ', 'that endorsed him and made a last minute push on his behalf. LINK Though the loss must be heartbreaking for newcomer  Jeff Smith  who lost by a small margin The Note says Chin Up! For an inexperienced candidate you ran an impressive, media savvy ', "tractor crushing his chest and arm. When I started screaming I honestly had no idea as anyone would. to that's wing  Jeff Smith  learned superheroes come in all shapes and sizes that person. is his behind the other side. Get done it like look that ", "no idea as anyone would. -- -- -- -- to that's wing Jeff Smith learned superheroes come in all shapes and sizes -- -- -- that person. -- -- is his -- behind the other side. ", 'to sing for us right now so ladies and gentlemen the Philadelphia boys choir singing. holy night with choir director  Jeff Smith . Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.', 'gentlemen the Philadelphia boys choir singing. -- holy night with choir director Jeff Smith . -- -- Okay. Okay. ', "months at the supermarket David. Clinton said leading a soft and likely thanks to you want to bring in meteorologist  Jeff Smith  of WABC TV here in New York always great to see you when you saw that new report late today. We're seeing the first ", 'a soft and likely thanks to you want to bring in meteorologist Jeff Smith of WABC TV here in New York -- -- always great to see you when you saw that new report late today. ', "closed because of low visibility but decided to reopen a few hours later that's when the collisions occurred. Urologist  Jeff Smith  of WABC says it's a reminder of just how quickly conditions can change. It was really a perfect storm to cause reduced ", "to reopen a few hours later that's when the collisions occurred. Urologist Jeff Smith of WABC says it's a reminder of just how quickly conditions can change. It was really a perfect storm to cause reduced ", "likely to be running right now who can come in and really the field any wild cards. Jeb Bush. If Jeb Bush's name is  Jeff Smith  and wouldn't be right. I mean he's successful governor and twice about watched fading appeal to social got. He ", "the field any wild cards. Jeb Bush. If Jeb Bush's name is Jeff Smith and wouldn't be -- right. I mean he's successful governor and twice about watched fading appeal to social -- -- -- -- ", "don't his if you see something in it looks like exactly line in front of her own and drive to areas where water covers a broad especially if you don't object that is all right  Jeff Smith  from WABC thanks a lot for coming by. Thank you.", "covers a broad especially if you don't object that is all right Jeff Smith from WABC thanks a lot for coming by. Thank you. "]