['Carolina. They included "Death Wish," "The Shootist" and "Ragtime." His themes were eclectic, ranging from  Ingmar Bergman \'s "The Serpent\'s Egg" to the science fiction flick, "Flash Gordon," to the horror film, "Halloween II ', 'Inspire Artists, Writers, Filmmakers The nature has also long inspired Sweden\'s painters, writers and filmmakers.  Ingmar Bergman  filmed "Summer with Monica" on the island of Orno, and the "Seacrow Island" books, by "Pippi Longstocking ', 'deal accurately with pain include "Philoctetes" by Greek playwright Sophocles about a man with an injured foot and  Ingmar Bergman \'s film "Cries and Whispers" about a cancer patient. Art may do a better job of depicting pain. Many of the Mexican ', "class centered on self-reflexivity in cinema. It was this class that motivated me to become a director. Watching  Ingmar Bergman 's Persona, in which a mute actress and her nurse fuse identities at a secluded seaside town, I was mesmerized. My ", 'than "Sex in the City," the show goes beyond the marital pablum of "Everybody Loves Raymond" to come closer to  Ingmar Bergman \'s psychologically naked film "Scenes From a Marriage." The plot crosses generational lines for an intimate look ', "story is anything but traditional Nekrasov mentions Andrei Tarkovsky, the experimental Soviet-era director, and  Ingmar Bergman  as influences it is laced with references to Dostoevsky. Even with its formal innovations, Nekrasov's film is rooted ", 'film director  Ingmar Bergman  rails against and whoring,"  Bergman  told the paper what he meant,  Bergman  answered, "Yes, films."  Bergman \'s films and Summer Night, The  Seventh Seal ,  Wild Strawberries , and Fanny and ', 'film director  Ingmar Bergman  rails against and whoring,"  Bergman  told the paper what he meant,  Bergman  answered, "Yes, films."  Bergman \'s films and Summer Night, The  Seventh Seal ,  Wild Strawberries , and Fanny and ', 'film director  Ingmar Bergman  rails against and whoring,"  Bergman  told the paper what he meant,  Bergman  answered, "Yes, films."  Bergman \'s films and Summer Night, The  Seventh Seal ,  Wild Strawberries , and Fanny and ', "collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches as a loss in the world of cinema the legendary filmmaker  Ingmar Bergman . Died today at the age of 89 in his home in Sweden. There have been made more than fifty films in his career and ", 'searches as a loss in the world of cinema the legendary filmmaker Ingmar Bergman . Died today at the age of 89 in his home in Sweden. There have been made more than fifty films in his ', 'great film director  Ingmar Bergman  who used black and white minister in Sweden.  Bergman  said his own upbringing same things from the  seventh seal  in which fun side out leading actresses.  Bergman  died at 89.', 'Passing of a great film director Ingmar Bergman who used black and white pictures not to paint the world in two colors. But to capture the extremes of the human condition. Woody Allen not a bad film director in his own right set of -- he was probably the greatest film artist since the invention of the motion picture camera. Burdens father was a strict Lutheran minister in Sweden. Bergman said his own upbringing revolved around -- confession punishment for give ness and grace his movie is very much influenced by his native country. Were about the same things from the seventh seal in which -- fun side out blaze a chess game with death doctor Susan. Giving him -- Bergmann came to have almost cult status among serious students of film. He won awards Oscars included he was married five times and had a string of well publicized affairs with a leading actresses. Bergman died at 89. ', "young to even be in this category I think it's gonna be next an extremely loud incredibly He is 82 as well. Did all  Ingmar Bergman  movies and now plays a guy whose view. But has. Yes written on this hand in the know on his hand just. And some ", 'loud -- incredibly -- He is 82 as well. Did all -- Ingmar Bergman movies and now plays a guy whose view. But has. Yes written on this hand in the know on his hand just. ', "even be in this category I think it's going to be. inside out in extremely incredibly He is 82 as well. Did all  Ingmar Bergman  movies and now plays a guy mute but has yes written on this hand his hand. Just think loves. And some people actually ", 'in extremely -- incredibly -- He is 82 as well. Did all Ingmar Bergman movies and now plays a guy -- mute but has yes written on this hand -- -- -- -- his hand. Just ', "collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches as a loss in the world of cinema the legendary filmmaker  Ingmar Bergman . Died today at the age of 89 in his home in Sweden. There have been made more than fifty films in his career and ", 'searches as a loss in the world of cinema the legendary filmmaker Ingmar Bergman . Died today at the age of 89 in his home in Sweden. There have been made more than fifty films in his ', "emotional story too point only that emotion for the phils to work exactly budget balance between emotion filth but the late  Ingmar Bergman  I think said that this. But what's funny is that the story was always the same I mean it was always about two guys ", "work exactly -- -- budget balance between emotion filth but the late Ingmar Bergman I think said that this. But what's funny is that the story was always the same I mean it was always about "]