["Shaq,  adam sandler , on yesterday. So much fun. Now, it's great to welcome salma hayek, now to times square. Great to have you here. Thank ", "Shaq, adam sandler , on yesterday. So much fun. Now, it's great to welcome salma hayek, now to times square. Great to have you here. Thank ", 'Earlier about about  Adam Sandler . We got Kevin James right here we got David spent. winning here You know Chris really started off. In the first you constantly ', 'Earlier about about Adam Sandler . We got Kevin James right here we got David spent. -- winning here -- -- -- -- You know Chris really started ', 'Shaq,  Adam Sandler , David Spade and Kevin James show off their hoops skills in Times Square.', "life with this. He likes it only but could be offensive. A thousand ways only  Adam Sandler  commando turned hair stylist to fight a brand new way to save the world. Here is Defendant David what at a time you don't mess ", 'only -- -- -- but could be offensive. A thousand ways only Adam Sandler commando turned hair stylist to fight a brand new way to save the world. Here is -- Defendant David what -- -- ', 'Look at kevin james. Kevin james. A stud over there.  Sandler . Babe. And kevin james. We thought, that looks like little project. We have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday.  Adam sandler , david spade, chris james, maya rudolph. And many of them ', 'working on a little project. We have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday. Adam sandler , david spade, chris james, maya rudolph. And many of them will be here. The whole family. se the not so pretty truthabout ', "from that's my boys starring  Adam Sandler  and this year. In December that's let's bring you get to work with  Adam Sandler  and you keep peace on yes more shooting me. What's one is an  Adam Sandler  why. Is it because we all think ", "So you have just seen a theme from that's my boys starring Adam Sandler and this year. In December that's right let's bring you get to work with Adam Sandler and you keep -- peace on yes more can US. I I've got nothing left it with what I'm -- around the ", "wing to care -- in the shooting me. What's one is an Adam Sandler -- why. Is it because we all think -- guy you know they're just sit there haven't fund. Yes I think -- ", "Comic actor  Adam Sandler  scored able record at last night's about it for his Jack and Jill movie  Sandler  swept all ten categories in the annual the awards. For the worst movie  Sandler  got both worst actor and actress since ", "Comic actor Adam Sandler scored able record -- at last night's awards ceremonies but he. Be too happy about it for his Jack and Jill movie Sandler swept all ten categories in the annual -- the awards. For the worst movie Sandler got both worst actor and actress since he played dual roles. The Bradley that's been handed out the night before the Oscars ", "space man as well yes the man is  Adam Sandler  a comic genius and He will tell sure this is a family movie that  Adam Sandler  did for the world than and He wanted Tony first senator you don't  Adam Sandler  brought Chanukah the Jewish holiday ", "a cowboy and a space man as well yes the man is Adam Sandler a comic genius and He will tell us about his new family film. Bedtime stories this morning. Very nice to see you mister senator are you promoting all gussy it up for the occasion. I wanted to make sure you knew I was a fan of dressing nice -- and no Chris finally do -- -- -- thank you I don't know. I'm sure this is a family movie that Adam Sandler did for the world than and He wanted to bring happiness to everybody's holiday season. And the I think He did a very fine yes He is a good manners and yes people like him He -- be that once they get to know their loved. And he's got beautiful things going on his life congratulation to the Sandler fan right here on new beautiful girl yes too little girl -- month old they're very nice it. And it adds to ", "air on the 21 sack Tony first -- senator -- you don't Adam Sandler brought Chanukah the Jewish holiday to a lot of us going must -- NG USA is pretty solid play a little bit ", "Are trying to find the right way to end this interview and given the fantastic the magical what's going on for you on screen we want to bring a little bit to you was well played here in real life so just like in the movie. Anything is possible it can always end with gum balls falling from this.", "latest role is a brand new comedy would none other than  Adam Sandler  it's called Jack and GL toxic moment first take a professionally so what was about check in jail under  Adam Sandler . that number one fan that rat and you know I have I ", "her latest role is a brand new comedy would none other than Adam Sandler it's called Jack and GL -- toxic -- moment first take a look. Some twins have the strange powers sneaking feeling the ", "and professionally so what was -- about check in jail under -- Adam Sandler . -- that number one -- fan that rat and you know I have -- I don't think that's an -- years ago ", "some pretty big names right if there are some big names  Adam Sandler  Kevin James Chris Rock David Spade Rob Schneider you'd of cheap stuff that you would expect more from. From  Adam Sandler  think after all the success after all is using company ", "-- some pretty big names right if there are some big names Adam Sandler Kevin James Chris Rock David Spade Rob Schneider you'd think of an all star cast like that you have a great movie ", 'just sort of cheap stuff that you would expect more from. From Adam Sandler think after all the success after all is using company this is sort of just another lane phoned in. You know summer ', "favorite leading ladies. Jennifer Aniston stars with  Adam Sandler  and just go with it as co workers who take a life changing we're also this perfect right. So doggone funny.  Adam Sandler  and I know you all have been friends and even went to ", 'theaters featuring one of our favorite leading ladies. Jennifer Aniston stars with Adam Sandler and just go with it as co workers who take a life changing trip to sunny Hawaii. Wonderful to have you back ', '-- -- -- this -- -- perfect right. So doggone funny. -- Adam Sandler and I know you all have been friends and even went to his wedding you know. The chemistry just jumps off the ', 'Instant Index: Incredible Journey of an Empty Vessel That Sailed More Than 5,000 Miles', "always running a it will late, a POSSIBLE CHANGE from McDonald's you might welcome tonight. Perhaps you remember  adam sandler  at the counter at McDONALD'S. He just wanted some breakfast. They were not budging with that 10:30 a.M. Cutoff ", "a POSSIBLE CHANGE from McDonald's you might welcome tonight. Perhaps you remember adam sandler at the counter at McDONALD'S. He just wanted some breakfast. They were not budging with that 10:30 a.M. Cutoff. What else? We'll ", "Adam Sandler , Andy Samberg star in comedy slated for Father's Day 2012 release.", 'The actor discusses his new FX series, based on the popular  Adam Sandler  movie.', "season the movie take this new twist on an old ritual  Adam Sandler  Keri Russell's star and bedtime stories. I asked Adam then Africa. An iPod until tell his story in the film  Sandler  plays the nice guy who gets roped in to babysitting for ", "holiday season the movie take this new twist on an old ritual Adam Sandler Keri Russell's star and bedtime stories. I asked Adam what bad times were like when He was a kid it's not like we had bedtime story ritual just happened in my house all of -- and I mean I Ainsley. And my father would come and in my mother. Hearing you talk to him. And then Africa. An iPod until -- tell his story in the film Sandler plays the nice guy who gets roped in to babysitting for his knees and his nephew. The wild stories He tells the ", 'guided it into the blockbuster dynamic duo. Kevin James  Adam Sandler  and as you have heard there now starring in night out day in America. But do they learn and Kevin James and  Adam Sandler  join good on good morning there is very nice to see ', "welcome to that's guided it into the blockbuster dynamic duo. Kevin James Adam Sandler and as you have heard there now starring in night out for -- to chuck and Larry at least Friday. Somebody says it's. Abbott & Costello meet Brokeback Mountain. -- -- this story about two guys firefighters -- -- -- afford not exactly enlightened about what it is a big day in America. But do they learn and Kevin James and Adam Sandler join -- good -- on good morning there is very nice to see. -- at a -- this is really about friendship. ", "and that big news at the movies  Adam Sandler  comedy called you don't mess you that you and your co writers  Adam Sandler  Judd Apatow have made a comedy of the movie and see written by  Adam Sandler  rob yes my going to right. The ", "the movies and that big news at the movies -- -- -- Adam Sandler comedy called you don't mess with the so hot. It's co written by Roberts Michael who you all know from SNL and ", 'gonna be here to tell you that you and your co writers Adam Sandler Judd Apatow have made a comedy. About the mideast crisis until I want to ask your support thanks -- yes for acknowledging ', 'or we look at credits of the movie and see written by Adam Sandler rob yes my going to -- right. The question we -- -- use all sit a room together and work this out. ', "things. Reporter: The session's j hawk won for lead actor and his co-star helen hunt for supporting actress.  Adam sandler  killed it with montages like this one. I forgot to take the trash out of this. Always be prepared. Go with channing ", 'won for lead actor and his co-star helen hunt for supporting actress. Adam sandler killed it with montages like this one. I forgot to take the trash out of this. Always be prepared. Go with channing ']