["Denzel Washington  won Academy Awards for his roles sneak this weekend it's called  unstoppable . That will have you on the edge And you really when you work with  Tony Scott . The  director  which you've worked with a few ", "and it's out of control. And you really when you work with Tony Scott . The director which you've worked with a few films you know you've -- to be hands on and that's really want to -- the ", 'Oscar winner  Denzel Washington  dazzled us on film and stage behind of a new thriller deja Vu and  Denzel Washington . Joins us now good morning it a thriller did you see it is.  Tony Scott  calls science fact. He he was ', "Oscar winner Denzel Washington dazzled us on film and stage behind the cameras -- now. He is now back in front of the camera pulling off -- -- that he has never attempted before to my knowledge. To go back in time it's all part of a new thriller deja Vu and Denzel Washington . Joins us now good morning it is so good to see you good to be seen by you you go back in time to rescue a young woman then who. Not surprisingly perhaps. Attracts your attention right away is when you read -- the first time did you see -- sites which one did you see it -- a thriller did you see it is. Tony Scott calls -- science fact. He -- he was he was more interested in basing it in. Faction if you will. The fact ", "That he negative factor want to go back for another round the navy's secret weapon school. Now with original  director Tony Scott  on board Tom is thank Looking very wealthy average back in the cockpit. In fact scripts in the works from the guy ", "back for another round the navy's secret weapon school. Now with original director Tony Scott on board Tom is thank -- Looking very wealthy -- average back in the cockpit. In fact -- scripts -- in the ", "Fox TV I was a huge family and growing up so plus I really love that guy that loves. Okay and know about  Tony Scott  who's the  director  who plan ahead took his own life jumping from a bridge back to California on Sunday a lot of people are wondering ", "plus I really love that guy that loves. Okay and know about Tony Scott who's the director who plan ahead took his own life jumping from a bridge back to California on Sunday a lot of people are wondering ", 'about all of busted in five all of us is by. Ridley and  Tony Scott  executive producers have MacDonald the  director  last summer what they did is ask for YouTube submissions ', 'all of busted in five all of us is by. Ridley and Tony Scott executive producers have MacDonald the director last summer what they did is ask for YouTube submissions from all over the world to build one film about. One day ']