['Dundee will be invited into the Clydesdale Bank Premier League season to replace Rangers, the SPL confirmed Monday.Irn-Bru First Division runners-up Dundee were chos...', "Rangers' squad is down to the bare bones in the wake of the Scottish giant's financial meltdown, with manager Ally McCoist saying he has just six first-team players ...", 'Rangers players Steven Naismith and Steven Whittaker have objected to the transfer of their contracts to the newco club, issuing statements through their lawyers cla...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", 'The 13-year-old son of former United States captain Claudio Reyna has died of cancer.The sad news was confirmed Thursday on the website of Scottish club Rangers, whe...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", 'Rangers have been hit with a 12-month embargo on signing players and owner Craig Whyte has been banned for life following a Scottish Football Association hearing int...', 'Clydesdale Bank Premier League clubs have voted "overwhelmingly" to reject the newco Rangers application.The SPL announced the news in a brief statement after more t...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", 'The futures of Rangers staff and players remain unclear following another day of talks with administrators Duff and Phelps.Discussions have been taking place at the ...', 'Sheffield Wednesday chairman Milan Mandaric has denied having any interest in becoming involved with Scottish champions Rangers.Mandaric moved quickly to dismiss rep...', 'Rangers administrators Duff and Phelps have announced that Craig Whyte has confirmed he will transfer his majority shareholding to two parties involved in takeover t...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin..."]