["just been this picture alone. How many times did you and your friends dress up as Margot and Richie for Halloween?  Wes Anderson  movies are particular, and the actors in each film have to really get it for it to work. I can't picture anyone ", 'Kingdom" "Silver Linings Playbook" Best Director  Wes Anderson  for "Moonrise Kingdom" Julia Loktev for "The Loneliest for "Beasts of the Southern Wild" Best Screenplay  Wes Anderson  & Roman Coppola for "Moonrise Kingdom" Zoe Kazan for ', 'Ballad of a Politician," breaks her listeners\' hearts on the break-up ballad, "How," and ends with a brief  Wes Anderson -soundtrack-ready, guitar-strummed reverie, "Jessica." Spektor has a unique way of fusing words with melody ', 'that can do well by catering to an audience uninterested in the Hollywood blockbusters. "Moonrise Kingdom,"  Wes Anderson \'s first live-action film since 2007\'s "Darjeeling Limited," the Chris Pine film "People Like Us" and Woody ', "The Zen of Bruce Willis: Action Star Talks New Baby, 'Die Hard 5' and 'Moonrise Kingdom'", 'bloodstained undershirt-sporting John McClane in the "Die Hard" films. But his latest, a whimsical indie from director  Wes Anderson  called "Moonrise Kingdom" is a bittersweet portrait of young love blooming, and adult love dying, that features ', 'FILM FESTIVAL KICKS OFF WITH COMEDY, CHAOS Comedy will dominate the opening of the Cannes film festival today, with  Wes Anderson \'s child fantasy "Moonrise Kingdom" in a tussle with Sasha Baron Cohen\'s anarchic alter ego General Aladeen ', 'the greatest potential for an upset. "Up" is considered the front-runner, like other previous Pixar films. But  Wes Anderson \'s "Fantastic Mr. Fox" is a critics\' favorite. "\'Up\' is almost the safe choice, whereas \'Mr. Fox\' is something ', 'Schwartzman\'s first acting gig was in 1999 as the star of  Wes Anderson \'s "Rushmore," in which he played Max Fischer playing in a band in Los Angeles, he auditioned for  Wes Anderson \'s "Rushmore." To this day, he doesn\'t know what ', 'emotionally and spiritually on a train trip across India. Though the title location never makes an appearance, director  Wes Anderson  shot in several locations across Rajasthan, including the Thar Desert, Udaipur and Jodhpur. How to hitch a ride ', 'of his psyche. Instead, he talked about India, vaccinations and monkeys. His interview with filmmaker and friend  Wes Anderson  was posted on MySpace.com Friday at midnight. Speaking in his charming drawl, Wilson chatted with Anderson about ', 'disconnect from your daily sorrows." Seu Jorge, who was dubbed "the coolest man on Earth" by U.S. filmmaker  Wes Anderson , is more than a one-trick pony. He has been featured in a handful of movies, including Anderson\'s "Life Aquatic ', 'career composing musical scores for films, TV and, even, video games. He has frequently worked with quirky filmmaker  Wes Anderson , scoring the films "Bottle Rocket," "Rushmore," "The Royal Tenenbaums" and "The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou ', 'are. John gains for flight. bolt for zero dark thirty. Quentin Tarantino offered jingle Michael for a more. And  Wes Anderson  and Roman Coppola for kingdom. best achievement in directing. Nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings playbook ', 'Tarantino offered jingle -- -- Michael -- -- for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola for -- -- kingdom. -- best achievement in directing. Nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings playbook. -- ', "Dayton's for flight. for zero dark thirty. Quentin Tarantino jingle and chains. Michael Hanna for a more. And  Wes Anderson  and Roman Coppola kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings ", 'Tarantino -- jingle and chains. Michael Hanna -- for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola -- -- -- kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings playbook. ', 'gains for flight. bolt for zero dark thirty. Quentin Tarantino jingle and change. Michael Hanna for a more. And  Wes Anderson  and Roman Coppola for kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings ', 'Tarantino -- jingle and change. Michael Hanna -- for a more. And Wes Anderson and Roman Coppola for -- -- kingdom. For best achievement in directing. The nominees are David O. Russell for silver linings playbook. ', "pictures. Word snapped but of course big question becomes why why would anybody care about this guy before it came out  Wes Anderson  Cooper's. Point environment and body be snapping pictures London tabloid don't we Always see stuff always always ", "why would anybody care about this guy before it came out -- Wes Anderson Cooper's. Point environment and body be snapping pictures -- -- London tabloid don't we -- Always see stuff always always always OK ", 'CHAPTER. IT\'S WELL DONE. BEFORE WE LET YOU GO, I WANT TO LAUD AND GIVE YOU A CHANCE OF WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO WORK WITH  WES ANDERSON . I HAD A FUN YEAR LAST YEAR BECAUSE I MADE THIS ONE AND MADE "MOON RISE" WITH WES. I DON\'T KNOW IF YOU CAN COME ', 'GIVE YOU A CHANCE OF WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO WORK WITH WES ANDERSON . I HAD A FUN YEAR LAST YEAR BECAUSE I MADE THIS ONE AND MADE "MOON RISE" WITH WES. I DON\'T KNOW IF ', "If we don't. If we don't want to see a week. If you see people so what else who kingdom is tremendous it's  Wes Anderson 's latest film may be his most accessible ever probably his best since the royal and this is something that you just ", "-- see people so what else who -- kingdom is tremendous it's Wes Anderson's latest film may be his most accessible ever probably his best since the royal -- and this is something that you just "]