["Continue to regale you with of the Broadway productions the show will be produced by Tatum and his partner Carolyn and  Steven Soderbergh . And a that this does he want us in the south and he's also you your your business that Salmonella by the way ", "show will be produced by Tatum and his partner -- Carolyn and Steven Soderbergh . And -- a -- that this does he want us in the south and he's also you -- your your business that ", 'these Films are being made but it seems like these are the only films getting made." Some filmmakers, most notably  Steven Soderbergh , have fled to cable television, a medium that in some cases offers more creative freedom. Soderbergh earlier ', 'these Films are being made but it seems like these are the only films getting made." Some filmmakers, most notably  Steven Soderbergh , have fled to cable television, a medium that in some cases offers more creative freedom. Soderbergh earlier ', 'behind-the-camera nominees from the industry\'s movie side include filmmakers Jane Campion for "Top of the Lake,"  Steven Soderbergh  for the Liberace biopic "Candelabra" and David Fincher for "House of Cards." A "House of Cards" best drama ', 'faster," Corty said. "Behind the Candelabra ," the recent HBO movie about the life of pianist Liberace that  Steven Soderbergh  directed, was a relatively low-budget movie with strong star power intended for adult audiences that hit homes ', 'flamboyant celebrities of all time. It was 13 years ago, while working together on the movie "Traffic," when director  Steven Soderbergh  first approached Douglas about playing the role of Liberace. And a decade later, a script materialized and Matt ', 'live-in lover, Scott Thorson. Lowe co-stars as Dr. Jack Startz, the pair\'s plastic surgeon. Lowe described the  Steven Soderbergh -directed project as being "so gay, it makes an average episode of \'Glee\' look like \'The Expendables ', 'Behind the Candelabra." Filming was delayed after Douglas received his cancer diagnosis. But now the film - which  Steven Soderbergh  has said is the last that he will direct - will air on May 26. "I was the girl on this movie! The hair and makeup ', "what you think it is, if you've seen the previews. It's not a hilarious romp about male strippers. It's a  Steven Soderbergh  movie, meaning it's not going to be hilarious. Funny and smart, yes, but not hilarious. Loosely based on his ", 'star-studded cast battles a lethal species-jumping virus rapidly spreading sickness and death around the world. Director  Steven Soderbergh  said in interviews that he aimed for scientific and medical realism in the film. Producers and writers consulted ', 'Matt Damon\'s portrayal of doughy, kvetchy Mark Whitacre in the new dark comedy "The Informant," directed by  Steven Soderbergh  and produced by George Clooney , is a reminder that real-life whistle-blowers strike a unique profile in courage ', "Child. Based on the children's story book by Judi and Ron Barrett. 'The Informant!' (Sept. 18) Director: Steven Soderbergh  Stars: Matt Damon, Scott Bakula, Tony Hale, Joel McHale Story: The exclamation point in the title is a clue that ", "Continue to regale you with of the Broadway productions the show will be produced by Tatum and his partner Carolyn and  Steven Soderbergh . And a that this does he want us in the south and he's also you your your business that Salmonella by the way ", "show will be produced by Tatum and his partner -- Carolyn and Steven Soderbergh . And -- a -- that this does he want us in the south and he's also you -- your your business that ", "ten fifteen years ago but here is on television no wonder it's that It's such a magic time for this medium right now and it is costar Matt Damon nominated as well after that  Steven Soderbergh  film I'm the candelabra thanks so much", "and it is costar Matt Damon nominated as well -- after that Steven Soderbergh film I'm the candelabra thanks so much -- ", "Making a huge debut last year in the girl with the dragon tattoo and got an Oscar nomination. But inside directed by  Steven Soderbergh  and legitimately his last feature found. She somebody we don't know who she is she's got secrets all kinds of ", "dragon tattoo and got an Oscar nomination. But inside -- directed by Steven Soderbergh and legitimately his last feature found. She -- somebody we don't know who she is she's got secrets all kinds of things ", "there right now called side effects. Directed by  Steven Soderbergh  and starring these two people more in front of me this instance with this case he can't quite figure  Steven Soderbergh  has decided that this will be the last film he won't ", 'a great happening out there right now called side effects. Directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring these two people more in front of me right now as patient -- -- And -- -- Law. Are well ', "But -- this instance with this case he can't quite figure -- Steven Soderbergh has decided that this will be the last film he won't make perhaps forever I'm hoping that some major life. And what ", 'rhinestones. A superstar, known for roles in "fatal attraction" and "basic instinct." And now, playing liberace.  Steven soderbergh  came to you about ten years ago. 2000, when we were doing "traffic." And halfway through the movie, he said ', 'for roles in "fatal attraction" and "basic instinct." And now, playing liberace. Steven soderbergh came to you about ten years ago. 2000, when we were doing "traffic." And halfway through the movie, he said, have you ', 'cinematic giant, "magic mike 2" is, in fact, being wring, people, as we speak according to the original director,  steven soderbergh . Even though he\'s retiring from directing he\'s very much involved in the sequel because and I can relate to ', 'fact, being wring, people, as we speak according to the original director, steven soderbergh . Even though he\'s retiring from directing he\'s very much involved in the sequel because and I can relate to this "magic mike" ', 'MMA star Gina Carano on her acting debut in  Steven Soderbergh\'s  movie "Haywire."']