['"Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown" takes you to exotic global destinations through Bourdain\'s unique lens.', 'The public face of Colombia has changed immensely over the past ten years and is still changing for the better. Tony will explore several regions of the country from the mountains down to the Caribbean coast to the coca leaf growing inlands formerly controlled by drug cartels.', 'Anthony Bourdain tries "Tejo," a traditional Colombian sport that involves tossing stones at packets of gunpowder.', "I'd thought my unconditional love for Colombia was well established there. I'd visited for speaking engagements. I'd made a giddily enthusiastic episode of a previous series in Medellin and Cartagena. I'd waxed poetically and often about how well I've always been treated, how thrilling it is to see how far the country has come from its bad old days. ", 'I tweeted a photo of myself standing under a shade tree surrounded by young Colombian military recruits.', 'My old friend and Top Chef colleague Tom Colicchio tweeted right back: "Too soon" -- connecting the appearance of machine guns with the then recent Newtown massacre.', 'Now, Miraflores is swarming with army and police. The FARC, by almost all accounts, have been beaten back significantly.', 'The phrase "FARC country" was not, however, interpreted as intended, as meaning an area, a neighborhood, a territory once under FARC control. Not in Colombia.', '"I do NOT live in FARC country" and "How come you glorify those bastards?" were common responses. The twittersphere blew up with pissed off, deeply offended Colombians reading second-hand reports of what I was believed to have said. Many misidentified the young soldiers in the photo as being guerillas.', 'Colombia has been very successful in recent years in its war on cartel- and FARC-related violence. But the ludicrous futility of any fully successful "war on drugs" is apparent with a single look out of a plane window.', 'In spite of all its painful history, Colombia is emerging as what SHOULD be a vacation wonderland.', "Cartagena has some of the most beautiful colonial architecture you're likely to find anywhere in Latin America. A great bar scene. Amazing food and architecture.", "Medellin is a modern, sophisticated, enormously enjoyable place to spend time. It's as far from its image as a murder capital as you can imagine.", 'And people are heartbreakingly welcoming and happy to see visitors who have come to their beautiful country for something other than to talk about narcos and violence.', 'Cali is a party town to rival Miami. The beaches along the coasts are as unspoiled as your wildest fantasies. ', "If you want to find bad people in Colombia, you can surely find them, as you could in New York or Los Angeles. But nowhere have my crew and I been treated better or with more kindness and generosity. I'd bring my family on vacation there in a heartbeat. And hope to soon. As I said before: Colombians are proud. Let them show you what they are proud of.", "That said, this week's Colombia episode of 'Parts Unknown' marks another great moment in Bourdainian stupidity.", "Faithful viewers of my previous program on that other, less good network, might remember my previous misadventure on an ATV. You'd think I would have learned from that experience, a long barrel roll down a sand dune wrapped around a few hundred pounds of metal and machinery. I was very, very lucky to have emerged from that experience with limbs and skull intact. That maybe I'd be smart enough to realize that maybe off road vehicles were just not for me.", "In Colombia, I saddled up once again, and as you'll see managed to fly off the seat, drive my head straight into the ground (helmet-less, of course) and (my producers insist) somehow succeed in running over my own head.", 'Though I was "out" for a brief microsecond there, I remember bounding to my feet, unwilling to be embarrassed by the glaringly obvious: I should have worn the helmet they offered. I should have driven more carefully. I probably shouldn\'t have been -- given my record -- driving the damn thing at all.', 'Come to Colombia for the coffee, tropical climate and charming people; stay for the arepas, fresh fruit, abundant seafood, breakfast soups and powerful liquor.', 'Renowned chef, bestselling author and Emmy winning TV host Anthony Bourdain is a trailblazer and outspoken commentator who provides unique insights into food, current events, and cultures around the world.']