['a digital journalist." \'Man of Steel,\' The Cast, Costumes and Props: See the Photos Batman has moved on, too.  Adam West , who starred as the classic Batman of the \'60s, is now the voice of Mayor West on TV\'s "Family Guy." To most folks ', "Image credit: Frederic J. Brown/AFP/Getty Images  Adam West  of TV's Batman received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame Thursday. The 83-year-old West was honored with the 2,468th ", "get it back, she became addicted to the thrill. Julie Newmar was the first to play Catwoman on the screen, nagging  Adam West  for two seasons in the '60s television series. After that, she left the show to pursue a film career and was replaced ", "replacing cumbersome cables connecting the commo gizmos to airmen's rucksacks with secure frequencies. The wires are  Adam West ; secure wi-fi is Christian Bale. Of course, if fearsome communications equipment is the direction in which the Air Force ", 'their Bat skivvies, he contends. One chapter is headed On your knees, girls, and stay in line! a line attributed to  Adam West  as he supposedly rode his success as Batman to new heights in Batutsi sexual self-indulgence. Ward and West apparently ', 'achieved." Nolan and Bale both had their respective reasons to put a new twist on the Batman franchise. "Watching the old  Adam West  TV show, which, when you\'re young, you don\'t realize how camp it is. But I think, even in that incarnation ', 'Batman\'s smoking-hot nemesis. But Julie Newmar, who played Catwoman in the original "Batman" TV series starring  Adam West , thinks they should reprise her role, and Jolie\'s perfect for it. "Angelina would own the part," the 74-year-old ', 'Batman\'s smoking-hot nemesis. But Julie Newmar, who played Catwoman in the original "Batman" TV series starring  Adam West , thinks they should reprise her role, and Jolie\'s perfect for it. "Angelina would own the part," the 74-year-old ', 'and they have anointed Bale the preferred Batman incarnation of recent years. "What Michael Keaton and [TV\'s]  Adam West  were doing in their era was great, but Christian Bale has an edge and authenticity," Gladston said. "[Comic-book ', 'Another extremely long line of attendees formed to get autographs from none other than the Caped Crusader himself,  Adam West . Actually, Batman references are inappropriate here: West appeared in his capacity of the voice of the Mayor on Family ', 'named Abby Mallard, and Steve Zahn hams it up as a 900-pound porker. Amy Sedaris, Don Knotts, Harry Shearer and  Adam West  also pop up in this barnyard as a schoolyard fox, a political turkey, a tail-wagging sports announcer and Chicken ', 'guy body of Charlton Heston in "Ben-Hur" to a bulked up Brad Pitt in "Troy." And then there\'s the rather doughy  Adam West  in the 1960s "Batman" TV series, compared to the muscular Christian Bale who dons the cape in this summer\'s big-screen ', 'Robin" serial movies in 1949. Many more people recall the pot-bellied, chicken-legged Caped Crusader portrayed by  Adam West  in the campy 1960s series. Keaton and Val Kilmer captured some of Batman\'s brooding darkness in the films in the 1980s ', "I mean you. you know way way way way younger and I am but the but I remember like when the original like old man with  Adam west  was on. And they had all how. Every time they do that there'd be a little word that would come out of the top of their ", "but I remember like when the original like old -- man with Adam west was on. And they had all how. Every time they do that there'd be a little word that would come out of ", "an area. Very nice you know you're brilliant Everest  Adam West  is now mayor west on the family definitely. Similar I'm David Wright for Nightline in Hollywood. Gotta love  Adam West  thanks to David for that next up. Surprising buzz about ", "in that's an area. Very nice you know you're brilliant Everest -- Adam West is now mayor west on the family definitely. Similar. -- to most folks he'll always be the caped crusader. -- -- that's ", "with the times I'm David Wright for Nightline in Hollywood. Gotta love Adam West thanks to David for that next up. Surprising buzz about the expecting Kim Kardashian and her boyfriend Kanye West. That's coming up ", "well be from Occupy Wall Street who do you root for that's area. I recognize you know you're brilliant Everest lane  Adam West  is now mayor west on the family definitely. rooms. To most folks he'll always be. The caped crusaders that's not ", "-- that's -- area. I recognize you know you're brilliant Everest lane Adam West is now mayor west on the family definitely. -- rooms. To most folks he'll always be. The caped crusaders -- -- -- ", "played that man on back in the sixties  Adam West  George and knocking over. 83 year old  Adam West  is best known for playing TV's celebrate their favorite TV hero.  Adam West  is now the newest star on the Hollywood ", "a man who played that man on -- back in the sixties Adam West -- George and knocking over. -- -- -- -- 83 year old Adam West is best known for playing TV's caped crusader bat man in the series from the mid 1960. The -- turned out to be his biggest hits. On this day fans appeared on Hollywood boulevard to celebrate their favorite TV hero. Adam West is now the newest star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame what a wonderful davis'. And -- though as you get older ", 'star. Behind the crusade for the caped crusader -- rocks Ralph garment Adam West is my hero. When I was a kid Adam was my hero because of who he played. Adams that man was everything ', "help thinking about the fact that I was getting the Democratic Convention in 68 you were wondering if you'd ever meet  Adam West  and Ugly Betty box play chess. You can check yes but while our TV winds are forging ahead real life women are struggling ", "the Democratic Convention in 68 you were wondering if you'd ever meet Adam West and Ugly Betty box -- play chess. You can check yes but while our TV -- winds are forging ahead real life "]