["Josh and Sam check in with Lara's day of tennis with Jim Courier and Monica Seles.", "an area. Very nice you know you're brilliant Everest  Adam West  is now mayor west on the family definitely. Similar I'm David Wright for Nightline in Hollywood. Gotta love  Adam West  thanks to David for that next up. Surprising buzz about ", "in that's an area. Very nice you know you're brilliant Everest -- Adam West is now mayor west on the family definitely. Similar. -- to most folks he'll always be the caped crusader. -- -- that's ", "with the times I'm David Wright for Nightline in Hollywood. Gotta love Adam West thanks to David for that next up. Surprising buzz about the expecting Kim Kardashian and her boyfriend Kanye West. That's coming up ", "well be from Occupy Wall Street who do you root for that's area. I recognize you know you're brilliant Everest lane  Adam West  is now mayor west on the family definitely. rooms. To most folks he'll always be. The caped crusaders that's not ", "-- that's -- area. I recognize you know you're brilliant Everest lane Adam West is now mayor west on the family definitely. -- rooms. To most folks he'll always be. The caped crusaders -- -- -- ", "played that man on back in the sixties  Adam West  George and knocking over. 83 year old  Adam West  is best known for playing TV's celebrate their favorite TV hero.  Adam West  is now the newest star on the Hollywood ", "a man who played that man on -- back in the sixties Adam West -- George and knocking over. -- -- -- -- 83 year old Adam West is best known for playing TV's caped crusader bat man in the series from the mid 1960. The -- turned out to be his biggest hits. On this day fans appeared on Hollywood boulevard to celebrate their favorite TV hero. Adam West is now the newest star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame what a wonderful davis'. And -- though as you get older ", 'star. Behind the crusade for the caped crusader -- rocks Ralph garment Adam West is my hero. When I was a kid Adam was my hero because of who he played. Adams that man was everything ', "help thinking about the fact that I was getting the Democratic Convention in 68 you were wondering if you'd ever meet  Adam West  and Ugly Betty box play chess. You can check yes but while our TV winds are forging ahead real life women are struggling ", "the Democratic Convention in 68 you were wondering if you'd ever meet Adam West and Ugly Betty box -- play chess. You can check yes but while our TV -- winds are forging ahead real life "]