['company is "very limited" in its co-branding efforts and works with "top talent" like artist Jeff Koons, actor  Adrian Grenier , and actress Julianne Moore. "There is a comic book collector in all of us," said Salgardo, who said he "grew ', 'Entourage" the green light, Deadline.com reports. The series followed the life of actor Vince Chase, played by  Adrian Grenier , making it big in Hollywood with his boys, or his "entourage," Eric, Turtle, his brother Johnny Drama and Chase\'s ', "lounge before strapping on a snowboard for the first time. Later that night, she rocked out at Hyde to the tunes of  Adrian Grenier 's band, The Skins. PHOTOS: Stars at the Sundance Film Festival Other stars opted for indoor activities - Mamie ", 'Sundance Celebrity Sightings: Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, and More Party in the Snow', 'most buzzed about movies, "The Spectacular Now," joined her there. Over at Oakley\'s Learn to Ride lounge,  Adrian Grenier  spent the day snowboarding. Octavia Spencer and Ben Savage stopped by to try on sunglasses, and Lil Jon came through ', 'list of celebrities rubbed shoulders ii the psychedelically decked out Pacific Design Center. "Entourage" boys  Adrian Grenier , Jerry Ferrera and Rex Lee reunited with the show\'s best girl, Emmanuelle Chriqui. Sofia Vergara danced while ', "Olsen. Many other Hollywood heavyweights are bound for Park City, including Catherine Zeta-Jones, Ben Stiller,  Adrian Grenier  and Robert Redford (naturally, since he started this whole shebang). Historically, the film that's the talk ", 'Levinson and Mark Wahlberg are serving up the usual for season eight. While the specifics may change -- Vince (  Adrian Grenier  ) emerges from rehab, E (Kevin Connolly) and Sloane (Emmanuelle Chriqui) split up again, Ari ( Jeremy Piven ', 'Well that was an explosive season premiere. "Entourage" blasted back onto TV last night, with Vince ( Adrian Grenier ) determined to prove he\'s more than just a pretty boy who bides his time by the pool, running his fingers through ', 'present) to meet President Obama, for the first time in person. Then there are the Hollywood types: Kim Kardashian,  Adrian Grenier , Ty Burrell, Omar Epps, Gloria Reuben, Judd Apatow, Leslie Mann, Bobby Flay, Rachael Ray, and Richard Schiff were ', 'goin to NY 4 GMA and other cool stuff! :) right now snuggle time with branderz on the plane!" she wrote.  Adrian Grenier  apparently had a bit of a bumpy flight last month and wrote: "Turbulence, peanuts and WiFi @ 30,000 feet above ', 'the whole thing to get a glimpse of the other stars Travers talked with at Sundance, including " Entourage " actor  Adrian Grenier  and "Frasier" alum David Hyde Pierce. Meanwhile, we\'ll be in our closet, attempting to put together outfits ', '"Entourage" star\'s new documentary gives a step-by-step approach on how the war on drugs has failed.', "Yesterday I caught up with future Starring Chris Chris Paul made him theories on life where is known for Playboy and us. Off camera he's I don't mean to bring it fast and he a multimedia platform. Forbes dot com where people could join I don't agreement. Was there to announce collaboration with", "As you may know the RE characters based on Ari Emanuel the brother of the White House He does that figure met Rahm Emanuel I met him last what you think. I did attitude here Laurie. Hit and I imagine AM of sibling rivalry. He's seen is that curse him. The usual actually some kind of have a full"]