['pounds, rocking a mullet, and perfecting an eyebrow-less, terrifying stare, Charlize won Best Actress in 2003.  Adrien Brody  may be in beer ads now, but in 2003 he was riding high after winning the Oscar for Best Actor in "The Pianist ', 'Hutton took heat for an ad for online coupon site Groupon that used political struggles in Tibet. Sharing the scorn was  Adrien Brody  as a sappy crooner for Stella Artois beer. "It\'s excruciating to watch what talented people will do for money these ', 'Hutton took heat for an ad for online coupon site Groupon that used political struggles in Tibet. Sharing the scorn was  Adrien Brody  as a sappy crooner for Stella Artois beer. "It\'s excruciating to watch what talented people will do for money these ', 'Dren, the half-human, half-animal hybrid set to terrorize  Adrien Brody  and Sarah Polley in the new movie "Splice," is pure science fiction, but politicians across the country aren\'t taking any ', 'joins Juliette Binoche, Jennifer Aniston and Paloma Picasso. At a piano in the wood-paneled bar downstairs sits  Adrien Brody . Orlando Bloom is kissing his girlfriend outside by the pool. Sarah Jessica Parker is also expected to arrive at some ', "Oscars 2010: Sandra Bullock, Jeff Bridges, Mo'Nique, Christoph Waltz Going for Gold", "Whoopi Goldberg, Kathy Bates and Cuba Gooding Jr., received one but not the other. And some -- Jeremy Irons,  Adrien Brody  and Kevin Spacey -- received neither one. Oscar Frontrunners and Favorites Mo'Nique and Waltz have been frontrunners ", 'movie resulted in his directing the blockbuster remake of "King Kong" in 2005 starring Naomi Watts, Jack Black and  Adrien Brody . They also both chose a certain scene in "The Lovely Bones" as their favorite. Before Suzie Salmon died, she ', 'with his cousin Roman Coppola and Anderson. He also starred in the film, as "Peter," alongside Owen Wilson and  Adrien Brody . Anderson subsequently cast Schwartzman in his upcoming animated film, "The Fantastic Mr. Fox," which co-stars ', '860 a person. Information: 907-683-2863 or http://earthsonglodge.com The Darjeeling Limited Owen Wilson,  Adrien Brody  and Jason Schwartzman star as dysfunctional brothers who try to reconnect emotionally and spiritually on a train trip across ', 'for $1,860 a person. Information:907-683-2863 or earthsonglodge.com The Darjeeling Limited Owen Wilson,  Adrien Brody  and Jason Schwartzman star as dysfunctional brothers who try to reconnect emotionally and spiritually on a train trip across ', 'knew I had kind of arrived in the Hollywood scene when I was at the Vanity Fair party. I was talking to some folks --  Adrien Brody  over there, Tom Cruise over there, Gwen Stefani to my right -- and I feel a tap on my shoulder and I turn around ', 'knew I had kind of arrived in the Hollywood scene when I was at the Vanity Fair party. "I was talking to some folks,  Adrien Brody  over there, Tom Cruise over there, Gwen Stefani to my right. And I feel a tap on my shoulder and I turn around and ', 'felt like a babbling idiot." The following year, Berry was a presenter, and when she handed the best actor award to  Adrien Brody , he surprised everyone -- including Berry -- with a big kiss that made it seem as if he and Berry were lovers, and ', 'Jack performed armed pushups  Adrien Brody  locked lips with Halley Berry Sally you really like me. Make it a memorable acceptance speech is an. I think everyone in the ', 'Jack -- performed -- armed pushups Adrien Brody locked lips with Halley Berry Sally -- you really like me. Make it a memorable acceptance speech is an. I think everyone ', "raging bull in 1981. lemont and only other lives. And that lemont you can so yes. It wasn't what he says. But what  Adrien Brody  did that caught everyone off guard during his 2003 tickets each Pianist. As of three year old Jack counts showed his ", "you can -- so yes. It wasn't what he says. But what Adrien Brody did that caught everyone off guard during his 2003 tickets each -- Pianist. As of -- three year old Jack counts showed ", 'Selleck in series blue and she stars opposite Oscar winner  Adrien Brody  in detachment. The film premiere at the TriBeCa film having me wow that is some powerful acting there with  Adrien Brody  were you at all intimidated by working with him. He ', 'Selleck in -- series blue -- and she stars opposite Oscar winner Adrien Brody in detachment. The film premiere at the TriBeCa film festival last year and is now making its way to theaters march 16. ', 'you for having me wow that is some powerful acting there with Adrien Brody were you at all intimidated by working with him. He ends months. -- IA he says demand -- to -- -- -- ', "coming out yes very He tells them both coming out any organ LA in April. I think April 1. It's about well it stars  Adrien Brody . And it's pretty much have the whole time because it's about a man who wakes up in the middle of the forest in ", "LA in April. I think April 1. It's about well it stars Adrien Brody . And it's pretty much have the whole time because it's about a man who wakes up in the middle of the forest ", "Hollywood's yeah. He was bill the butcher the last time in New York in every thought He would win and they gave it to  Adrien Brody  you know in the pianist. And now they're saying. It stands and you know in and in this something else at the Screen ", "York in every thought He would win and they gave it to Adrien Brody you know in the pianist. And now they're saying. -- -- -- -- -- -- It stands and you know -- in "]