['South Korea during the Korean War. Its stars included  Alan Alda , Loretta Swit, McLean Stevenson, Jamie Farr, Wayne what the cast of the show has been up to since then:  Alan Alda Alan Alda  played army surgeon Benjamin Franklin Pierce, better ', 'LGBT people will continue to fall behind the times." Filmmakers Jennifer Brooke and Beatrice Alda, daughter of actor  Alan Alda , said in a statement to ABCNews.com: "We wholeheartedly support and applaud anyone who comes out, whether they are ', 'well as in their political leaders. Often women express a desire that they want what has been traditionally called the " Alan Alda  man" --- someone who\'s sensitive who will key into their feelings, listen and not be overly masculine. But often ', 'that they want what has been traditionally called the " Alan Alda  man" - someone who\'s sensitive who will key into their confused. One day, men will be comfortable blending  Alan Alda  and John Wayne into a new archetype integrating strong ', 'premiered September 17, 1972 and followed the staff of a hospital in South Korea during the Korean War. Its stars included  Alan Alda , Loretta Swit, McLean Stevenson, Jamie Farr, Wayne Rogers and Harry Morgan. M*A*S*H struggled in the ratings ', 'Korean War. He played the role on "M*A*S*H" from 1975 to 1983, trying to keep the likes of Hawkeye Pierce ( Alan Alda ) and Trapper John McIntyre (Wayne Rogers) in line. He played Col. Potter with a dry wit, a firm but kindly man in ', 'Assistant, Ms. Fat Lip Thon Nyun. That\'s the kind of school I went to for real, O.K.?" 4.  Alan Alda , Connecticut College: Actor  Alan Alda \'s 1980 address at Connecticut College was actually an intimate letter to his daughter Eve, a member ', 'lesbian phenomenon is the theme of a documentary, "Out Late," created by filmmakers Beatrice Alda (daughter of actor  Alan Alda ) and her partner, Jennifer Brooke. The idea for the documentary, which explores the lives of five women who found ', 'phenomenon is the theme of a new documentary, "Out Late," created by filmmakers Beatrice Alda (daughter of actor  Alan Alda ) and her partner, Jennifer Brooke. The idea for the documentary, which explores the lives of five women who found ', 'Album, ABC\'s Karen Travers writes . (And they\'ll have to beat former President Jimmy Carter, Maya Angelou, and  Alan Alda .) Grammy or not, the former president is ready to sit in on his wife\'s Cabinet meetings "only if asked." "And ', "I'm here to make my father happy. But as we all know  Alan Alda  would grow to be better at. Medicine on TV as the beloved that you know that would be great. And so we truth.  Alan Alda  and his wild idea. this inspire children in twenty countries ", "I'm here to make my father happy. But as we all know Alan Alda would grow to be better at. Medicine on TV as the beloved Hawkeye Pierce on the TV show mash up -- -- ", 'about that you know that would be great. And so we truth. Alan Alda and his wild -- idea. -- this inspire children in twenty countries around the world. ', 'George Stephanopoulos talks with acclaimed actor  Alan Alda  about his new book.', "Welcome back I'm bill Blakemore actor and writer  Alan Alda  and Columbia University mathematician and physicist Brian Greene. Share a passion for science. They were among the group that ", "Welcome back I'm bill Blakemore actor and writer Alan Alda and Columbia University mathematician and physicist Brian Greene. Share a passion for science. They were among the group that just created the ", 'Glenn Close, Joshua Bell and  Alan Alda  explain why Wilson gets star treatment.', 'Depicting the korean war -- "m.A.S.H." Was on the air 11 years. Eight years longer than the actual war. Star  alan alda  pushed for more scenes in the operating room, to give a full portrayal of the heartaches of war. And it did. Capturing ', 'the air 11 years. Eight years longer than the actual war. Star alan alda pushed for more scenes in the operating room, to give a full portrayal of the heartaches of war. And it did. Capturing ']