['Supporting Actor Winner: Tommy Lee Jones ("Lincoln"), 11/10; Phillip Seymour Hoffman ("The Master"), 7/5;  Alan Arkin  ("Argo") 9/1; Robert DeNiro ("Silver Linings Playbook"), 9/1; Christoph Waltz ("Django Unchained ', 'Supporting Actor: Tommy Lee Jones Nominees: Tommy Lee Jones ("Lincoln"), Philip Seymour Hoffman ("The Master"),  Alan Arkin  ("Argo"), Christoph Waltz ("Django Unchained") and Robert Dinero ("Silver Linings Playbook"). As MacFarlane ', 'Christoph Waltz, "Django Unchained" Philip Seymour Hoffman, "The Master" Robert De Niro, "Silver Linings Playbook"  Alan Arkin , "Argo" Tommy Lee Jones, "Lincoln" Best Supporting Actress: Sally Field, "Lincoln" Anne Hathaway, "Les Miserables ', 'upstarts. Supporting Actor Adams\' picks: Tommy Lee Jones ("Lincoln"), Philip Seymour Hoffman ("The Master"),  Alan Arkin  ("Argo"), Christoph Waltz ("Django Unchained") and Javier Bardem ("Skyfall") Adams calls this the most competitive ', 'The Sessions" Nicole Kidman, "The Paperboy" Best Performance By An Actor In A Supporting Role In A Motion Picture  Alan Arkin , "Argo" Leonardo Dicaprio, "Django Unchained" Philip Seymour Hoffman, "The Master" Tommy Lee Jones, "Lincoln ', 'believable, they need a respectable producer, and a script. The producer is the legendary Lester Siegel, played by  Alan Arkin . Siegel is actually a composite of several producers but Arkin inhabits this role so well, he practically wills Siegel ', 'After the agency headquarters is attacked and identities of key operatives compromised, the Chief (sharply played by  Alan Arkin ) promotes Smart to secret agent. He idolizes the brawny Agent 23 (Dwayne Johnson) but is paired with the sultry Agent ', 'processing her supporting actress triumph when she met the press, joking that she had a "reverse \'Zoolander\' moment" when  Alan Arkin  announced her name. "I\'m still recovering from that moment, and I have absolutely no idea what happened after that ', 'into the movie. Looking ahead, Carell cites another film on his horizon in which he is paired opposite a big name --  Alan Arkin , who will play the chief in "Get Smart," set to come out in summer 2008. It will be Carell\'s second time starring ', 'West Side Story." Best Supporting Actor Nominees  Alan Arkin  in "Little Miss Sunshine" Jackie Earle Haley in "Little Wahlberg surprised audiences with his talent. Who Will Win  Alan Arkin  will pull off an upset over Eddie Murphy for several ', 'you know, that was sort of a long shot. I just -- you know, we made a call and he read the script and loved it but  alan arkin  was a real -- I just love him. What a perfect role for him. Well, I think he can do anything. Olivia wilde is great ', 'made a call and he read the script and loved it but alan arkin was a real -- I just love him. What a perfect role for him. Well, I think he can do anything. Olivia ', 'Reporter: He has a few other oscar predictions. Who do you think is going to sob during their acceptance speech?  Alan arkin . Reporter: Who is going to show more leg than angelina jolie next year? Academy president. Reporter: And who will ', 'Who do you think is going to sob during their acceptance speech? Alan arkin . Reporter: Who is going to show more leg than angelina jolie next year? Academy president. Reporter: And who will seth MacFARLANE INSULT ', 'at home you off and mister and you go home. All right next category best supporting actor and here are the nominees  Alan Arkin  in Robert De Niro and silver linings playbook. Philip Seymour Hoffman in the master Tom Jones in Lincoln and Christoph ', 'All right next category best supporting actor and here are the nominees Alan Arkin in -- Robert De Niro and silver linings playbook. Philip Seymour Hoffman in the master Tom Jones in Lincoln and Christoph Waltz ', 'right that any CBS as they call for sure that top one. Would need to seek to understand. Taylor looks plated is as  Alan Arkin  thumb first of all you want a few little tiny room. Written and directed by rod literate he did Haaretz determines that ', 'need to seek to understand. Taylor -- looks plated is as -- Alan Arkin thumb first of all you want a few little tiny room. Written and directed by rod literate he did -- -- Haaretz ', "l.A. At the emmys, this is really what you wanted to talk about. We had ben in, john goodman,  alan arkin  here yesterday. Was  alan arkin  sitting here? He was sitting right here. I don't understand that. It's too early in the morning ", "what you wanted to talk about. We had ben in, john goodman, alan arkin here yesterday. Was alan arkin sitting here? He was sitting right here. I don't understand that. It's too early in the morning for alan to do anything. ", "MOVIE LIKE A '70s MOVIE IT WOULD Convince the audience that they were watching something from the 1970s. And we have  alan arkin  tomorrow. I hope they answer some questions. Tell us about this. This is a chocolate bar. A chocolate bar ultimately ", 'audience that they were watching something from the 1970s. And we have alan arkin tomorrow. I hope they answer some questions. Tell us about this. This is a chocolate bar. A chocolate bar ultimately a gift ', "it's fabulous says He says. What talking about get smart which opens Friday and exit comedy from Steve Carell and  Alan Arkin . Futures less money to be a part of this film. I did you ought to the smaller wall to be a part of That doesn't usually ", 'which opens -- Friday and exit -- comedy from Steve Carell and Alan Arkin . Futures -- less money to be a part of this film. I did you ought to the smaller wall to be a ']