['George Stephanopoulos talks with acclaimed actor  Alan Alda  about his new book.', "Welcome back I'm bill Blakemore actor and writer  Alan Alda  and Columbia University mathematician and physicist Brian Greene. Share a passion for science. They were among the group that ", "Welcome back I'm bill Blakemore actor and writer Alan Alda and Columbia University mathematician and physicist Brian Greene. Share a passion for science. They were among the group that just created the ", 'Glenn Close, Joshua Bell and  Alan Alda  explain why Wilson gets star treatment.', 'Depicting the korean war -- "m.A.S.H." Was on the air 11 years. Eight years longer than the actual war. Star  alan alda  pushed for more scenes in the operating room, to give a full portrayal of the heartaches of war. And it did. Capturing ', 'the air 11 years. Eight years longer than the actual war. Star alan alda pushed for more scenes in the operating room, to give a full portrayal of the heartaches of war. And it did. Capturing ', "eliminates one process. Playing dr. Hawkeye pierce,  alan alda  became a star. You want out of here? After the army real jeeps. At the height of the show's popularity,  alan alda  gave peay tour of the set. Really nice for us as actors ", 'chasing own drinking women. It eliminates one process. Playing dr. Hawkeye pierce, alan alda became a star. You want out of here? After the army went to the trouble of arranging all this mud and lice. ', "These are the real jeeps. At the height of the show's popularity, alan alda gave peay tour of the set. Really nice for us as actors is that the detail all around us that makes you ", "didn't know we wanted once we finish the script. We made a dream list. And on top of that dream list was Jen Aniston and  Alan Alda  and we like what we can't. Against them. And then. We asked him names and yes we're. Enormously surprised. Real ", "And on top of that dream list was Jen Aniston -- and Alan Alda and we like what we can't. Against them. And then. We asked him names and yes we're. Enormously surprised. Real meaning and ", "City you can experience this to signs new and improved way. Hands on even fun and there's heavy hitter behind actor  Alan Alda . He's also working on two plays at the festival one of them centers around Albert Einstein a way you've never seen ", "way. Hands on even fun and there's -- heavy hitter behind actor Alan Alda . He's also working on two plays at the festival one of them centers around Albert Einstein a way you've never seen him ", 'Our voice this week  Alan Alda  counting on cement detainment wasting your time. After a near death experience the star of Nash wrote a new book about making ', 'Our voice this week Alan Alda -- counting on -- cement detainment -- wasting your time. After a near death experience the star of Nash wrote a new ']