['New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie  says his regular television appearances generate positive publicity and reality shows "Jersey Shore" and "The Real Housewives of  New Jersey ." Christie, who has become a national figure in his three years ', 'New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie  says his regular television appearances generate positive publicity and reality shows "Jersey Shore" and "The Real Housewives of  New Jersey ." Christie, who has become a national figure in his three years ', 'national security, homeland security, counterterrorism." As King weighs an improbable campaign, he called  New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie  and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush "solid candidates," but said he has been disappointed by the lack of ', 'King weighs an improbable campaign, he called  New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie  and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush "solid candidates But on the other hand, you know, guys like  Chris Christie  and Jeb Bush, I have a lot of regard for ', 'The next special election will be held in October, to complete the term of the late  New Jersey  Democrat Frank Lautenberg.  New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie  appointed a Republican, Jeff Chiesa, to temporarily serve as senator until that election ', 'Republicans are likely to lose the  New Jersey  seat held by Sen. Jeffrey Chiesa who was appointed by Republican  Gov .  Chris Christie  after the death of Democratic canceling an expected GOP loss in  New Jersey . Republicans most competitive ', 'New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie  has appeared many times on late-night TV, including "Saturday Night Live." Now he has scored his first gig on a sitcom ', 'work necessary to fight for  New Jersey  in the Senate. And Frank Pallone the race for governor pitting  New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie  against state Sen. Barbara you\'ll find me right here in  New Jersey  working for you." They face ', "Add to that the media coverage, and you can be forgiven for having to check the calendar. Every move by  New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie  that doesn't involve him heaping praise on President Obama is seen as a move to the right for a GOP primary ", 'politics/in-congress-gridlock-and-harsh-consequences.html?pagewanted=all ... @bethreinhard :  Chris Christie  stars in Obama-backed ads promoting Jersey shore, leaving inland Sandy victims feeling neglected http://bit ', 'President Obama in 2016 will largely be using the Fourth of July to get a break from the attention. But  New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie  and Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., are two exceptions. Christie and his family will lead the 103 rd annual ', 'mzWlA @HotlineJosh : After DOMA,  New Jersey  is the next big gay marriage battleground-and it puts  Chris Christie  in a tough position http://www.nationaljournal.com/politics/ chris - christie -s-dance-to-keep-up-with-gay-marriage-20130702 ', 'funeral in New York. Several co-stars from HBO\'s "The Sopranos" were also in attendance alongside  New Jersey Gov .  Chris Christie . David Chase - creator of the legendary series that made Gandolfini a star - spoke at the funeral, reading ', 'Decision time in  New Jersey  little more than Frank Lautenberg  governor Chris Christie  is set to discuss here So very and  New Jersey governor Chris Christie  primaries will This is classic  Chris Christie  in every sense ', "and this is an ABC news digital special report. Decision time in New Jersey little more than 24 hours after the death United States senator Frank Lautenberg -- governor Chris Christie is set to discuss his plans for a special election to replace him the -- how how much it's going to cost of being debated. Not to mention who Christie will appoint until those votes are capitalized let's listen in. That need to be -- in Washington are too great to be determined by an appointee. For a period of eighteen months. We must build our citizens that are out there said. Over who were present them in the senate from majority of the next year and a half. People of New Jersey deserve to have that voice. Secondly. We have to move swiftly to fill the seat and ensure that -- -- -- -- primary. And general election as soon as possible. As dictated by New Jersey -- that -- -- I have today issues would we not that that was specifically designate the cause and purpose of this special election. And -- -- the primary and general elections will be held. The -- and the Democratic Party will be. A primary election is necessary. The people must choose. As such pursuant to the provisions of new Jersey state law. The primary election for United States senate will be held on Tuesday. August 13. 2013. Which is seventy days -- to the issuance of this -- today. And then 64 days there after. The general special election will be held on Wednesday. October 16. The statute provides. For the governor of New Jersey to make this decision. If the governor deems it advisable. To have a special election. I deem it advisable to have a ", "what we're gonna do it here -- -- So very -- and New Jersey governor Chris Christie primaries will be held in August and the special election to replace senator Lautenberg we'll take place this November. Let's bring in now ABC news political director Rick -- to help clear the -- up high -- it this plan goes ahead I want to clarify. Cory Booker new -- popular democratic mayor will not be on the same ballot as -- this November is that right. This is classic Chris Christie in every sense look he is just ordered and it's just pulled up in court it will happen. That New Jersey residents will choose the United States senator on October 16 a Wednesday by the way not even a regular Election Day. And that it will choose a governor twenty days later that is -- separate. Statewide elections within the span of three weeks now off from Christie's perspective this says this is the earliest possible time that you can get. Residents of the polls Russell having a full primary election and then a general election campaign. The political end of this though is as you point out this means that he will be a loan atop the November ballot when he is up for reelection New Jersey governor's. Are actually elected on these odd numbered years I was a little bit unusual in that sense. And it means that there will not be a Democrat -- we run very strongly for the senate whether as Cory Booker or someone else. Who would be also be on the ticket the same day so Chris Christie -- -- slices the baby if you different ways here but the end result is that New Jersey will pick a United States senate they're just to less than three weeks before they choose a governor. And of course whenever ", "We're joined by  governor chris christie  of  new jersey . Give us the latest storm came on.  New jersey  took it worse than declaration for  new jersey . He worked on that Hang in there,  governor christie . Thanks for your ", "We're joined by governor chris christie of new jersey Give us the latest on the situation in bergen county. We're in the midst to do the rescues. It was not a ", 'of the stormwas  new jersey  governor hurricane hit,  governor chris christie  went into action of  new jersey ,  chris christie . And then as in doing it.  New jersey governor chris christie . (cheers and ', "of our elected officials in action. In the eye of the stormwas new jersey governor... Who became the faceof the recovery effort in his impacted state. He is a bear of a man-- sometimes teddy bear,sometimes grizzly bear. When the hurricane hit, governor chris christie went into action. He was frank... We have to be prepared for the worst here. He was forceful... This is not a time to be stupid. He was feeling... I just never thought I would see, uh, what I saw today, ever. The storm made the 50-year-old conservative governor a bigger presence than ever... I mean, it's just unbelievable. A feat in a year which had seen him talked about first as a presidential candidate... Thank you! The great governor of new jersey chris christie And then as mitt romney's running mate. (crying) PLEASE HELP US, GOVERNOR. We're trying. The image of him in his jersey guy's fleece jacket... Doing all right? Passionate and compassionate became iconic... We got halloween on monday. These are all former governors... Huh. That are on all three floors of the rotunda. So when I met him in his office at the state capitol, there was one thing that caught me off-guard. ...And grew up in new jersey Governor, you are not wearing your fleece, and I'm very disappointed. Only--only used in case of emergency, barbara. (chuckles) I cannot thank the president enough for his personal concern and compassion for our state and for the people of our state. You know, governor, that you had been criticized for praising president obama during hurricane sandy. People have said you helped him win. Is this unfair criticism? Well, I was doing my job. I'm the governor of the state of new jersey and he offered to help. And so you better go take him up on his offer to help. Yeah, but I'm gonna ", 'bit, but he always seems to have a purpose in doing it. New jersey governor chris christie (cheers and applause) In fact, the governoris so comfortable with his reputation, he parodied himself recentlyon "saturday night live." I\'m gonna die ', "budget challenges  new Jersey 's Republican  governor Chris Christie . Governor thank blue state of  New Jersey  was heralded by Net positive for  New Jersey  or negative the  New Jersey Governor Christie  thanks so much ", "And joining me now is someone who also knows from budget challenges new Jersey's Republican governor Chris Christie . Governor thank you so much welcome to this -- happy to be here. So governor your victory last November in the very blue state of New Jersey was heralded by Republicans nationally seen as a blueprint for their victories. Now a lot of Republicans. And who wanted you to win an admired your campaign said that you won. Mainly by criticizing. Incumbent democratic governor Corzine not necessarily by a specific. Detailed agenda. And I'm wondering if -- you agree with -- second of all how do you see your victory in the context of what Republicans can do. This November well first off ticket think what we did in New Jersey last year would say very specifically what direction we want to take the -- We -- we wanted to have less spending ", "Gov . Chris Christie  Interview: 'Mitt Romney's Going to Have to Win This Campaign'", "With that, let's bring in  new jersey governor ,  chris christie , who will deliver the convention's turn that around overnight. The  new jersey  comeback has begun. One big advantage Thanks, george. A big moment for  chris christie .", "With that, let's bring in new jersey governor , chris christie who will deliver the convention's big keynote speech tonight. Good morning, governor. Good morning, george. How are you today? I'm doing well. ", 'john boehner is taking brutal criticism from  new jersey governor chris christie  and others for failing to vote on aid for It was an attack echoed all the way from  new jersey , where  chris christie , perhaps the most popular republican governor ', 'stirring up angry fights. Speaker john boehner is taking brutal criticism from new jersey governor chris christie and others for failing to vote on aid for hurricane sandy. And jon karl joins us with more on that and the ', "If  New Jersey governor Chris Christie  decides to run for president he's the time again across the river  Chris Christie . I mean time you don't about tons of fun here we go. I want  Chris Christie  in this race because I just wanna ", "If New Jersey governor Chris Christie decides to run for president he's got a big supporter. In David Letterman the late night host wants him to run all so He can make fun this way. Yeah the Republicans want as their act candidate is the time again across the river Chris Christie I mean time you don't about tons of fun here we go. I want Chris Christie in this race because I just wanna be able to meaningfully say bring it fat boy. Gotta be close to 400 pounds. I think we'll you know take a look. I think after the show up you know He did -- good go to Google Earth. Ruthless -- Letterman's top ten list last night was. Ways the country would be different if Chris Christie were president one of the items the cabinet will now have a secretary of cake. Too much. "]