['sleep has been linked to  stroke , obesity, diabetes to other traditional  stroke risk  factors, and once these traditional  stroke risk  factors are present said in a statement.  Stroke risk  is also higher in people ', 'sleep has been linked to  stroke , obesity, diabetes to other traditional  stroke risk  factors, and once these traditional  stroke risk  factors are present said in a statement.  Stroke risk  is also higher in people ', 'long known that the sooner a  stroke  is treated, the better the start doctors get on treating  stroke , they cut the risk of  stroke symptoms  and death by 4 percent, according more than 58,300 ischemic  stroke  patients published Tuesday ', "the risk of  stroke , yet each boost women's  stroke risk ; and women migraine means no  stroke , experts agree boosts risk of  stroke  about five-fold reduce your  stroke risk . Late last may reduce  stroke risk  by 20 percent ", 'only 26, was having a  stroke . "I was absolutely had, indeed, had a  stroke . Nine months later to younger than 45, the  stroke risk  has jumped 14 to 20 percent is due to good, old  stroke risk  factors that shouldn\'t ', 'found out at the hospital that she had experienced an acute  stroke , according to a summary of the complaint. Jenny Burke and doctors later determined she had suffered an acute  stroke . The woman alleges that she never had health problems prior to the detention, but now has pain, numbness and partial  paralysis  on the left side of her body. Emily Ruiz In March 2011 ', 'Long thought to be a modern disease related to contemporary lifestyles, atherosclerosis was common among ancient people as well, a new study found. Whole body CT scans of 137 mummies from four different ancient populations revealed heart and vascular calcifications consistent with atherosclerosis,', 'As American Heart Health Month comes to a close, I wanted to take some time to talk about prevention. We actually know a lot about preventing heart disease, and there are easy things you can do right now to lower your risk. First, know your...', 'heart attack, and  stroke , says local cardiologist Brain: Portland, Maine  Stroke  rates for younger adults veggies could decrease  stroke risk  by 30 percent. The fresh one study found may cut  stroke risk . Take it from the ', "that if you've had a heart attack or  stroke  due to the blockage in an artery, aspirin if you haven't had a heart attack or  stroke , it isn't as clear. A recent study aspirin to prevent a first heart attack or  stroke  found the number of cardiovascular events ", 'discovered he had suffered a  stroke . The swelling in his brain pressure and, in a second  stroke , he lost the use of speech children a year will suffer a  stroke  -- one of the top 10 causes which is associated with  stroke risk . A  stroke  happens when the ', "and never before as have been used on a  stroke  patient. But this morning New Jersey year old father of two who suffered a  stroke . Has little use of his right side He the first time that we've done it for  stroke  patient. Dr. Phil quit says only baby's ", "nerve transplant surgery and never before as have been used on a stroke patient. But this morning -- New Jersey father is recovering from the surgery. And in the coming weeks and months -- hope he'll regain use of the side of the body but before surgery He couldn't use. Inside this New Jersey operating room -- -- 44 year old father of two who suffered a stroke . Has little use of his right side He can't use his right arm at all. So doctors are trying to the ground breaking approach taking nerves from his legs. And connecting them to the right arm He can't use this is the first time that we've done it for stroke patient. Dr. Phil quit says only -- baby's brain is working comparing it to a house. We're only half of the outlets ", "do with it now in terms of helping him recover from the stroke in general they're also doing speech there. In conjunction right in addition to and they say he's responding very well the speech ", 'people are more likely to suffer a  stroke  on weekends because risky behaviors less likely to survive a weakened  stroke  a  stroke . Doctors in Canada looked at readily available. If you do have  stroke symptoms  such as weakness and tingling ', 'Studies show that people are more likely to suffer a stroke on weekends because risky behaviors like smoking and unhealthy eating increase during this period. But new research suggests that people are actually less likely to survive a weakened stroke -- a -- stroke . Doctors in Canada looked at data from over 26000. Stroke patients. And found that those admitted on a weekend had a 13% increased risk of death compared to those treated during the week. Other studies have shown more risk for weakened heart attack. Cancer and blood clot patients researchers suggest multiple possible reasons. We can patients tend to be a little -- on average many hospitals have a smaller staff on the weekend. Waiting times for tests are longer and not as many experts are readily available. If you do have stroke symptoms such as weakness and tingling on one side of the body -- slurred speech usually go straight to the hospital. A quick ', "more to lower the risk of a  stroke  in women. Plants vegetables reduce their chance of having a  stroke . Researchers studied more annoyed. Affected their risk of  stroke . They did not find a connection between overall total intake and  stroke risk  but they didn't find. That ", "some -- -- may do more to lower the risk of a stroke in women. Plants vegetables dark chocolate and red wine are rich sources of a class of compounds known as -- -- A new study shows women who consume large amounts of certain kinds of -- Benoit may reduce their chance of having a stroke Researchers studied more than 69000. Women to see -- -- consumption of six specific types of late annoyed. Affected their risk of stroke They did not find a connection between overall total -- -- intake and stroke risk but they didn't find. That women who ate lots of one particular kind of -- -- -- found in sift -- from. ", "intake of trans fats. May be more at risk for a  stroke  than others joining us to discusses women's 39%. Increase of what we call a scheme  stroke  which is the most kind common kind of  stroke  that terrorists and so what is the link exactly ", "higher intake of trans fats. May be more at risk for a stroke than others joining us to discusses women's health expert doctor Michael Moore doctor mark great to see you -- is -- a ", 'grams per day. 39%. Increase of what we call a scheme -- stroke which is the most kind -- -- common kind of stroke that terrorists and so what is the link exactly the link is at the trans fats starlink is the trans fats and what we believe in of course this study is not the kind of study that was done in -- lab and showed us the reason the hypothesis is. That very similarly to the way trans fats can increase your risk of heart disease or a heart attack. And plaque buildup in your arteries to your brain can increase your risk of stroke or a brain attack that what symptoms of -- strapped -- this is important for every person to now in a stroke is a medical emergency. Five and theirs five means and ends ST RO KE -- six. What -- memory loss. The first ', "to know about this is for example if you are having a stroke and you had speech problems and balance problems. You're only going to be not able to tell me. What's going on. But ", 'compound in citrus fruits may significantly reduce the risk of  stroke  in women. Women who ate the most citrus 19% lower risk than seems that eating these citrus fruits reduces a certain type of  stroke . So inside in this daddy is that there was in 19%. Reduction ', "that a compound in citrus fruits may significantly reduce the risk of stroke in women. Women who ate the most citrus -- 19% lower risk than women who ate the least. Here now to discuss the study and what's behind it as doctor Suzanne -- on cardiologist and director of women and heart disease at Lenox Hill Hospital. After I'm angry to see you thanks for being -- and tell about the study it seems that eating these citrus fruits reduces a certain type of stroke . So -- inside in this daddy is that there was in 19%. Reduction. From what we call -- mixture. And what that ", 'the warning symptoms first  stroke  and instead call their regular 13 of the danger signs for a  stroke . Instead they said they would long after the for optimal  stroke  treatment had close. In a called an ambulance directly.  Stroke symptoms  mean the brain is starved for ', "Many people do not recognize the warning symptoms first stroke and instead call their regular doctor to complain about weakness on one side of the body. Blurred vision or trouble talking. This phone call waste valuable time according to new studies. Researchers from West Virginia University. Called up local doctors' offices and asked what advice they would give to patients suffering from a variety of symptoms. Receptionist correctly send people to the emergency room for heart attack symptoms but 13 -- of the danger signs for a stroke . Instead they said they would advise patients to make an appointment later in the day long after the -- for optimal stroke treatment had close. In a second study from Australia. Researchers found that stroke patients who call their friendly doctors. Waited more than six hours longer for treatment than those who called an ambulance directly. Stroke symptoms mean the brain is starved for oxygen and time is of the essence. So -- the warning signs and always call 911 ", "woman's chance of having a  stroke  is directly related to more than two times the  stroke risk  of nonsmokers. But those Researchers say smoking raises  stroke risk  in several ways it increases The good news is that  stroke risk  quickly decreases. When ", "A young woman's chance of having a stroke is directly related to the number of cigarettes she smokes according to new research. Neurologist from the University of Maryland examined strokes in younger women aged fifteen to 49. And found that any smoking doubled the odds of stroke But the more cigarettes women smoked per day the higher their risk. Young women who smoke one to ten cigarettes per day had more than two times the stroke risk of nonsmokers. But those who smoke forty or more cigarettes -- increase their odds of stroke by more than nine times. Researchers say smoking raises stroke risk in several ways it increases the stickiness of blood cells and makes them more likely to clot. And at the same time weakens -- body's own mechanism for dissolving the clots. The good news is that stroke risk quickly decreases. When someone quit smoking even for heavy smokers and ex smokers odds of stroke returned to about normal levels to before years after quitting. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. "]