["Joe Biden is the Vice President of the United States. He was a member of the U.S. Senate, representing the state of Delaware. He previously chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee and headed the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. At the age of 30, Biden became the fifth-youngest senator in history. However, Biden's victory celebration was short-lived. Just days before he was set to be sworn in, his wife, Neilia, and their three children got into a car accident. Neilia and their youngest child, 18-month-old Naomi, were killed. His two other sons, ages 4 and 3, were seriously injured. Five years after his family's fatal car accident, Biden found love again with Jill Tracy Jacobs. They've been married since 1977 and have one daughter. ", "back in the If anybody doesn't recognize him that of course being Jason Sudeikis he is known for his impersonation.  Vice President Biden  on half an he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted to leave but Lorne Michaels convinced him to stay because of the ", 'that of course being Jason Sudeikis he is known for his impersonation. Vice President Biden on half an -- he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted to leave but Lorne Michaels convinced him to stay ', 'president, now-president of China, and was hosted by  Vice President Joe Biden  and Secretary of State Clinton. The request included of the team responsible for selecting then Sen.  Joe Biden  as running mate. She is an attorney and author but ', '2012. The luncheon honored Xi Jinping, then-vice president, now-president of China, and was hosted by  Vice President Joe Biden  and Secretary of State Clinton. The request included photographs of Wang with Biden, Wang with Clinton, and ', 'Sudeikis had a busy election year on "Saturday Night Live," portraying both Republican Mitt Romney and  Vice President Joe Biden . Sudeikis told Letterman that his time on the show has been "really, really amazing." It\'s an exodus ', 'by stumping for the White House hopeful in key states. She also was part of the team responsible for selecting then Sen.  Joe Biden  as running mate. She is an attorney and author but has lived relatively secluded compared with other family members in recent ', 'U.S.  Vice President Joe Biden  told Indian business leaders Wednesday that commercial ties between their two countries should be strengthened and trade should ', 'but clearly exhibiting little enthusiasm for another big bailout. "Can we help Detroit? We don\'t know,"  Vice President Joe Biden  said in a response to a reporter\'s question about a possible federal rescue. Presidential spokesman Jay Carney ', 'The Brazilian government says U.S.  Vice President Joe Biden  has telephoned President Dilma Rousseff in an effort to ease tensions created by the disclosure that the United States collected ', "U.S.  Vice President Joe Biden  and India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh held talks in the Indian capital Tuesday as part of a renewed effort to strengthen ", 'University of Central Missouri in Warrensburg, Mo." http://huff.to/13XyE33 BIDEN HEADS TO ASIA: Vice President  Joseph Biden  left for Asia yesterday, kicking off six days of diplomatic events in India and Singapore. The trip comes as U.S. foreign ', 'U.S.  Vice President Joe Biden  is traveling to India in a visit aimed at boosting trade and strengthening strategic relations as Washington pursues its new Asia-Pacific ', 'WASHINGTON - Vice President  Joseph Biden  left for Asia today, kicking off six days of diplomatic events in India and Singapore. The trip comes as U.S. foreign policy ', "people will fight for this. And we will come back. STEPHANOPOULOS: The auto industry came back with federal help, but  Vice President Biden  says we don't know, yet, how the federal government can help Detroit. I know you have been in contact with White ", 'The Brazilian government says U.S.  Vice President Joe Biden  has telephoned President Dilma Rousseff in an effort to ease tensions created by the disclosure that the United States collected ', "today. The first steps toward a solution is an attempt  Vice President Biden  to lead the administration's effort to come up with said that this approach this inter agency. Project that  vice president Biden  will be spearheading. Is not just about gun control is ", "this violence today. The first steps toward a solution is an attempt Vice President Biden to lead the administration's effort to come up with -- and of course Vice President -- longtime chair of the Senate Judiciary ", 'House officials have said that this approach this inter agency. Project that vice president Biden will be spearheading. Is not just about gun control is also about mental health it is also about school safety for that ', "in newtown, connecticut.  Vice president biden  squared off with the powerful happened. Reporter: On the day  vice president biden  met with the national rifle democrats, too. Just listen to  joe biden  in 2008. Barack obama ain't ", "majority of congress. It's enough to intimidate democrats, too. Just listen to joe biden in 2008. Barack obama ain't taking my shotgun, so, don't buy that. Reporter: Recent polls suggest an opening for some gun control. ", 'Vice President Joe Biden  speaks to families at a memorial service in Shanksville, Pennsylvania.', "Vice President Joe Biden  Discusses President Obama's Jobs Plan, 9/11 Terror Plot", "Let's turn right to  Vice President Biden  joins us from Washington this morning thank you for joining us I wanna get to the president's jobs plan the first. This new ", "Let's turn right to Vice President Biden joins us from Washington this morning thank you for joining us I wanna get to the president's jobs plan the first. This ", "back in the If anybody doesn't recognize him that of course being Jason Sudeikis he is known for his impersonation.  Vice President Biden  on half an he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted to leave but Lorne Michaels convinced him to stay because of the ", 'that of course being Jason Sudeikis he is known for his impersonation. Vice President Biden on half an -- he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted to leave but Lorne Michaels convinced him to stay ', "back. The auto industry came back with federal help that  Vice President Biden  says we don't know yet. How the federal government can going in their do you think the prospect of Hillary Clinton  Joseph Biden  right behind squash is all of the all wannabes on the democratic ", "will come back. The auto industry came back with federal help that Vice President Biden says we don't know yet. How the federal government can help -- I know you've been in contact with -- White House ", "Thanks let's get more on this now from the vice president IC's  Joseph Biden  good morning mr. vice president. Good morning Well you were sitting on a pretty happy secret last night during that State of ", "let's get more on this now from the vice president -- IC's Joseph Biden good morning mr. vice president. Good morning -- Well you -- were sitting on a pretty happy secret last night during that "]