['Chiefs of Staff said Monday in a cautionary assessment of more aggressive American military action. In a letter,  Gen .  Martin Dempsey  outlined the risks, costs and benefits of five potential steps as the Obama administration weighs its next move ', 'to Syrian President Bashar Assad to establishing a no-fly zone, carry risks and billion-dollar price tags,  Gen .  Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said in a sober assessment this week that gave some lawmakers pause ', "Sen. John McCain is dropping his threat to block  Gen .  Martin Dempsey 's nomination for a second term as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. But the Arizona Republican delivered a harsh critique ", "abcn.ws/161uTaJ JOINT CHIEFS CHAIRMAN LAYS OUT MILITARY OPTIONS FOR SYRIA. In a letter to Congress,  Gen .  Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has laid out in unclassified fashion the U.S. military's options ", 'momentum in the 2-year-old civil war. In a letter to the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee,  Gen .  Martin Dempsey  outlined the risks, costs and benefits of five potential steps as the Obama administration weighs its next move ', "firefighters died last month while battling a wildfire in Prescott, Ariz. 4. Joint Chiefs Chairman Gives Syria Options  Gen .  Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has laid out the U.S. military's options for Syria in a letter ", "In a letter to Congress,  Gen .  Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has laid out in unclassified fashion the U.S. military's options for Syria that ", 'greater U.S. military involvement in Syria could cost billions and involve thousands of U.S. ground forces.  Gen .  Martin Dempsey  outlined the costs, benefits and risks in a letter to key members of the Senate Armed Services Committee on Monday ', 'Afghanistan signed by October, which would give NATO enough time to prepare for a post-2014 military presence.  Gen .  Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, says he has not been asked to prepare for a "zero option," with no ', 'Two senators are seeking answers from  Gen .  Martin Dempsey  about Syria a day after testy exchanges with the Joint Chiefs chairman over his willingness to provide a personal view of the use ', 'place a hold on the re-nomination of Army  Gen .  Martin Dempsey  as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for reports. "Actually, I\'m putting a hold on  General Dempsey  until  General Dempsey  responds to the legitimate questions that ', 'place a hold on the re-nomination of Army  Gen .  Martin Dempsey  as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for Thursday. "Actually, I\'m putting a hold on  General Dempsey  until  General Dempsey  responds to the legitimate questions that ', 'place a hold on the re-nomination of Army  Gen .  Martin Dempsey  as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for Thursday. "Actually, I\'m putting a hold on  General Dempsey  until  General Dempsey  responds to the legitimate questions that ', 'now by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff  general Martin Dempsey . From Washington this morning and good morning to remember their sacrifice. Suddenly today of all  general Martin Dempsey  chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff we do appreciate ', 'are joined now by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff general Martin Dempsey . From Washington this morning and good morning to you general I do want to get to your thoughts about Memorial Day in ', 'a body should remember their sacrifice. Suddenly today of all -- -- general Martin Dempsey chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff we do appreciate your time this morning. ', "pick for the nation's top military post army  general Martin Dempsey . As chairman of the joint chiefs and she will that's what they'll have to do as you know  general Dempsey  spent many years. In Iraq but there is no question ", "President Obama announced his pick for the nation's top military post army general Martin Dempsey . As chairman of the joint chiefs -- -- and she will lead our nation's wars in Afghanistan and Iraq taking over for admiral Mike Mullen who retired October. I'm joined now by our senior foreign affairs correspondent Martha Raddatz is just returned from the front lines. In Afghanistan welcome back Martin at the top of general Martin -- c.'s list will be how to advise President Obama. On that withdrawal from Afghanistan. If that's what they'll have to do -- as you know general Dempsey spent many years. In Iraq but there is no question that Afghanistan is where a lot of his focus will be now. ", "it's not right. To do things that are that are of the nature but was done by. Apparently this film we've seen  general Martin Dempsey  called pastor Jones to please don't promote this in particular idea. I think that the whole film. It's a ", "of the nature but was done by. Apparently this film we've seen general Martin Dempsey called pastor Jones to -- please don't promote this -- in particular idea. I think that the whole film. It's a terrible ", 'can get this done if you are not a 100% dedicated to. limiting the scourge of sexual assault. Like and starting. With  general Dempsey . How do you feel about those two decision points and why maintain good order and discipline without those two decision ', '-- limiting the scourge of sexual assault. Like -- and starting. With general Dempsey . How do you feel about those two decision points and why -- -- maintain good order and discipline without those two decision ', 'operating here have so many challenges but I want to tell you one quick wonderful story George. I talk to the wife of  general Martin Dempsey  chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I first met him in 2003 when he was here as a commander he had cars for ', 'you one quick wonderful story George. I talk to the wife of general Martin Dempsey -- chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I first met him in 2003 when he was here as a commander he ', 'ones. Hi dad I love you and I miss you. Another I really want you to come back to earth on Good Morning America  general Martin Dempsey  chairman of the joint spoke of a recent visit with the children of fallen soldiers. Thankfully very few families ', 'really want you to come back to earth on Good Morning America general Martin Dempsey chairman of the joint -- spoke of a recent visit with the children of fallen soldiers. Thankfully very few families in America. ', "over the weekend the president. We learned that the president's announced today. That the army chief of staff  general Martin Dempsey  is going to be his pick to replace you as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff as well. Well the president's ", "learned that the president's announced today. That the army chief of staff general Martin Dempsey is going to be his pick to replace you as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff -- -- -- as well. "]