["pick for the nation's top military post army  general Martin Dempsey . As chairman of the joint chiefs and she will that's what they'll have to do as you know  general Dempsey  spent many years. In Iraq but there is no question ", "President Obama announced his pick for the nation's top military post army general Martin Dempsey . As chairman of the joint chiefs -- -- and she will lead our nation's wars in Afghanistan and Iraq taking over for admiral Mike Mullen who retired October. I'm joined now by our senior foreign affairs correspondent Martha Raddatz is just returned from the front lines. In Afghanistan welcome back Martin at the top of general Martin -- c.'s list will be how to advise President Obama. On that withdrawal from Afghanistan. If that's what they'll have to do -- as you know general Dempsey spent many years. In Iraq but there is no question that Afghanistan is where a lot of his focus will be now. ", "it's not right. To do things that are that are of the nature but was done by. Apparently this film we've seen  general Martin Dempsey  called pastor Jones to please don't promote this in particular idea. I think that the whole film. It's a ", "of the nature but was done by. Apparently this film we've seen general Martin Dempsey called pastor Jones to -- please don't promote this -- in particular idea. I think that the whole film. It's a terrible ", 'can get this done if you are not a 100% dedicated to. limiting the scourge of sexual assault. Like and starting. With  general Dempsey . How do you feel about those two decision points and why maintain good order and discipline without those two decision ', '-- limiting the scourge of sexual assault. Like -- and starting. With general Dempsey . How do you feel about those two decision points and why -- -- maintain good order and discipline without those two decision ', 'operating here have so many challenges but I want to tell you one quick wonderful story George. I talk to the wife of  general Martin Dempsey  chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I first met him in 2003 when he was here as a commander he had cars for ', 'you one quick wonderful story George. I talk to the wife of general Martin Dempsey -- chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I first met him in 2003 when he was here as a commander he ', 'ones. Hi dad I love you and I miss you. Another I really want you to come back to earth on Good Morning America  general Martin Dempsey  chairman of the joint spoke of a recent visit with the children of fallen soldiers. Thankfully very few families ', 'really want you to come back to earth on Good Morning America general Martin Dempsey chairman of the joint -- spoke of a recent visit with the children of fallen soldiers. Thankfully very few families in America. ', "over the weekend the president. We learned that the president's announced today. That the army chief of staff  general Martin Dempsey  is going to be his pick to replace you as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff as well. Well the president's ", "learned that the president's announced today. That the army chief of staff general Martin Dempsey is going to be his pick to replace you as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff -- -- -- as well. ", 'The world has ever Earlier today the president named newest players in his defense team including veteran army  general Martin Dempsey . To succeed admiral Mike Mullen as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Yesterday the president visited Joplin ', 'president named -- newest players in his defense team including veteran army general Martin Dempsey . To succeed admiral Mike Mullen as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Yesterday the president visited Joplin Missouri where one -- ', "I have approved admiral Allen's request retire with reluctance and regret. Effective march 31. Lieutenant  general Martin Dempsey  deputy commander of US Central Command. Will serve as acting commander. He will serve in that capacity. Until ", "admiral Allen's request retire with reluctance and regret. Effective march 31. Lieutenant general Martin Dempsey deputy commander of US Central Command. Will serve as acting commander. He will serve in that capacity. Until such time as permanent ", "is really the right budget in the chairman of the joint  Martin Dempsey . Take exception to that he said there's a difference totally misspoke it was a not the impression I meant to talked  general Dempsey  on at. Com and express that that sentiment my issue is ", "is really the right budget in the chairman of the joint -- Martin Dempsey . Take exception to that he said there's a difference between having someone say they don't believe -- -- said verses calling us collectively liars. My response is I stand by my testimony. Did you cross the line there. Yeah I totally misspoke it was a not the impression I meant to -- -- talked -- general Dempsey on at. Com and express that that sentiment my issue is I think that the president's budget on the Pentagon. He's a ", "this worsening tension, the top military officer today canceled his scheduled trip to washington next week to meet with  martin dempsey , too far to go at a risky time. North korean's leader kim jong-un demandd that president obama call him to soften ", "today canceled his scheduled trip to washington next week to meet with martin dempsey , too far to go at a risky time. North korean's leader kim jong-un demandd that president obama call him to soften the ", "states really could have had someone to deal with in there and that's probably the argument that panetta would make, that  general dempsey  would make, that hillary clinton would make, you had somebody there. Well, let me tell you, you got nearly 800,000 ", "in there and that's probably the argument that panetta would make, that general dempsey would make, that hillary clinton would make, you had somebody there. Well, let me tell you, you got nearly 800,000 displaced people ", 'dream but has helped to protect for all us. on our presence here today. Members of congress. Deputy secretary Carter.  General Dempsey  and the members of the joint chiefs. Service secretaries. And the men and women. The greatest military that the world ', '-- on our presence here today. Members of congress. Deputy secretary Carter. General Dempsey and the members of the joint chiefs. Service secretaries. And the men and women. The greatest military that the world -- ever ', 'chief national security correspondent, martha raddatz, has been tracking the latest. This happened while joint chiefs  martin dempsey  was on the ground. But the military asked that nothing be reported until dempsey was out of the country on a new plane ', 'martha raddatz, has been tracking the latest. This happened while joint chiefs martin dempsey was on the ground. But the military asked that nothing be reported until dempsey was out of the country on a new ', 'Taliban missile tonight. And this is of course the base where  general Dempsey  is staying he met all day in with top US and Afghan officials being vigilant but not paranoid at least not right now.  General Dempsey  says the American war effort remains on track and today ', 'by Taliban missile tonight. And this is of course the base where general Dempsey is staying he met all day in -- with -- top US and Afghan officials. To try to find a way to ', 'he is being vigilant but not paranoid at least not right now. General Dempsey says the American war effort remains on track and today the president talked about the attacks saying he would soon speak to ', 'plane was parked at the time. But it was damaged by rocket fire in the attack to ground personnel suffered minor injuries  general Dempsey  was in his quarters he was unharmed. Officials say they do not believe his plane was targeted calling it a lucky shot ', 'by rocket fire in the attack to ground personnel suffered minor injuries general Dempsey was in his quarters he was unharmed. Officials say they do not believe his plane was targeted -- calling it a lucky ', 'graduates of this great institution. Another service academies he turned a man like. Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff  Martin Dempsey  West Point class of 76. And general rarity here Chief of staff of the army class of 74. The defense strategy. They crafted ', 'academies he turned a man like. Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin Dempsey West Point class of 76. And general rarity here -- Chief of staff of the army class of 74. The defense strategy. ', 'conflict. Even during its darkest Require to balance conflict. And compassion. that was active more. and physical courage.  General Dempsey  was here in the beginning as well he would be followed by a son and a daughter who also served in the toughest of times ', 'compassion. -- -- that was -- active more. -- and physical courage. General Dempsey was here in the beginning as well he would be followed by a son and a daughter who also served in the ', 'knows that. So Israeli officials believe that if they do go they will have the United States following an. But you know  general Dempsey  the chairman of the joint chiefs of stuff that he believes this very important sentence. That Iran is irrational actor ', 'go they will have the United States following an. But you know general Dempsey the chairman of the joint chiefs of stuff -- -- that he believes this very important sentence. That Iran is irrational actor. ', "mentioned before America Yes we as men. Multilateral multinational. Basis absolutely vital but not leading mr. secretary.  General Dempsey  again and I hear the same old refrain that I've heard for many many years. Quote it's not clear what constitutes the ", "-- multinational. Basis absolutely vital but not leading mr. secretary. -- -- General Dempsey again and I hear the same old refrain that I've heard for many many years. Quote it's not clear what constitutes the "]