['127. Even her urine showed obvious signs of  dehydration . Day after heat never allowing a person to cool dangerous for a body. We expect to see people with  heat exhaustion  and  heat stroke  at the end of this heat wave than the beginning ', "a normal 72 to 127. Even her urine showed obvious signs of dehydration . Day after heat never allowing a person to cool down can be dangerous for a body. We expect to see people with heat exhaustion and heat stroke at the end of this heat wave than the beginning of it. Reporter: It's the ohios but the low lows. Washington d.C. ", "serious summer sizzler, the heat is proving dangerous. In portland, maine; five half marathon runners hospitalized with  heat exhaustion . Out west, it's been a weekend under water. Festival goers in denver, running for cover, navigating water in the ", "is proving dangerous. In portland, maine; five half marathon runners hospitalized with heat exhaustion . Out west, it's been a weekend under water. Festival goers in denver, running for cover, navigating water in the streets. The southeast, ", 'records have fallen and so far there are at least eleven heat related death this week. We had. The person who actually had  heatstroke  and passed away unfortunately and Lakehurst New Jersey topped out at 108. Three degrees hotter than Phoenix Arizona Friday ', 'heat related death this week. We had. The person who actually had heatstroke and passed away unfortunately and -- -- Lakehurst New Jersey topped out at 108. Three degrees hotter than Phoenix Arizona Friday. And ', 'preventing  heat illness  joining us this are  heat cramps . Muscle the heat  heat exhaustion .  Heat stroke  can you give you get to  heat stroke . What would Heathrow. For  heat stroke  they may going to have  heat exhaustion  and  heatstroke heat cramps . How can ', "Exactly. What about say there are more serious problems with the heat heat exhaustion Heat stroke can you give us some definition of what those two things are. Sure it's -- won big spectrum you have heat cramps and heat exhaustion then heat stroke . And heat exhaustion is when you get some sort of symptoms. Throughout your body you can have nausea and vomiting can have generalized fatigue just being very tired from being out and he. And when you get to the point where you have. The signs of -- nervous system starting to shut down on confusion and seizures that sort of thing that's when you get to heat stroke What would you go I think he's -- -- very dangerous thing what should someone do if they come on some holiday as someone coming upon someone on the street -- in the park. Recognize that that person is having Heathrow. For heat stroke they may be unconscious they may be seizing. And they're confused they're not talk like themselves and actually their skin will be ", "ambulances rushed to a high school graduation in brentwood, careful as temperatures soar well above 100, 17 people treated for  heat exhaustion , record heat from redding to fresno and it's sticking around. Look at the temperature for sunday. Wow! Reporter ", "brentwood, careful as temperatures soar well above 100, 17 people treated for heat exhaustion , record heat from redding to fresno and it's sticking around. Look at the temperature for sunday. Wow! Reporter: On the east coast ", "dangers that are the dangers are  heat stroke  that's really  life threatening  condition that could happen to anybody distinct. It's usually due to  dehydration  that's kind of the first level these are some mild. Then there is  heat exhaustion  and now we're talking about serious ", "what are the dangers. Well the dangers that are the dangers are heat stroke that's really life threatening condition that could happen to anybody but it's more more common to happen in pregnancy but. As a mother. You know that ", "beautiful people news. ESPN the magazine's body issue is about to hit newsstands. And it may just cause you to have a summer  heat stroke . It is chock full of stunning photos dedicated to admiring the vast potential of the human form. Or gawking at the athletes ", 'hit newsstands. And it may just cause you to have a summer heat stroke . It is chock full of stunning photos dedicated to admiring the vast potential of the human form. Or gawking at the athletes ', 'wrist X and personal  heatstroke  or HS one of the leading child. At risk for  heat exhaustion  your three College is serious for kids  heat exhaustion  within a matter of athlete can go on to  heatstroke . Which can be fatal ', "few surprising things that might be putting your child. At risk for heat exhaustion your three -- College Lacrosse player so you know exactly. What you're talking about here I do and as it turns out this is something that is serious for kids -- heat exhaustion within a matter of minutes in an athlete can go on to heatstroke . Which can be fatal it is a medical emergencies can always be treated and you say we really the concentrate on the ", "swing. We know people die in heat, but how do thedie in heat? Really what it is, one of two things,  dehydration  or  heat exhaustion . Reporter: Here's how it happens and what to look for. Your heart pumps faster to keep the body cool ", "do thedie in heat? Really what it is, one of two things, dehydration or heat exhaustion . Reporter: Here's how it happens and what to look for. Your heart pumps faster to keep the body cool. If you stop ", "sometimes in vegas people drink to excess. It makes you more dehydrated and it makes you a little bit more vulnerable to  heat exhaustion . Reporter: In phoenix, temps near 120, they have ice for the monkeys. They're keeping the big cats cool and the melon ", "more dehydrated and it makes you a little bit more vulnerable to heat exhaustion . Reporter: In phoenix, temps near 120, they have ice for the monkeys. They're keeping the big cats cool and the melon is ", 'astonishing 120 degrees. Buckling boulevards in lubbock. Baking playgrounds in denver. And in kansas, downright dangerous with  heat stroke . I felt like I was going to throw up. You get too hot. You start getting dizzy and light-headed. Reporter: In phoenix ', 'in lubbock. Baking playgrounds in denver. And in kansas, downright dangerous with heat stroke . I felt like I was going to throw up. You get too hot. You start getting dizzy and light-headed. Reporter: In phoenix, ', "symptoms of  heat illness . While collecting exactly is heat  Heatstroke  is core temperature athletes.  heat stroke  is does not as colonists  heat exhaustion  where where approaching  dehydration  or even  heat stroke . That's predispose you to  heat stroke  are certain ", "the form of an intestinal thermometer which monitor signs and symptoms of heat illness . While collecting evidence on -- -- fluid consumption and hydration. Joining us to discuss the study is doctor -- Gregory assistant professor of orthopedics and pediatrics. As -- as a team physician for Vanderbilt and Belmont university's. Doctor welcome. Thank you doctor -- any pregnant start with just some definitions or what exactly is heat -- Heatstroke is -- -- core temperature which is the temperature inside your body raises so high that your body function starts to be affected. Typically that it affects your brand affects your heart and other organs. And how comment as -- -- currently in high school athletes. -- heat stroke is does not as colonists heat exhaustion where where kids pass out from -- he. But huge drug enforcement -- -- enough to to cause death as news artist. ", "out for it to alert -- that their kids might be approaching dehydration or even heat stroke . That's a good question it can be difficult because sometimes it's. Confusing -- other problems vomiting is a big on a -- ", 'another day. And other other medical conditions that may predispose you to heat stroke are -- certain his addition key planks of. All at all. Well we know several things that puts his or just want ', "rushed to a high school graduation in Brentwood California as temperatures soar well above 117. People were treated for  heat exhaustion . Near record heat from to Fresno and it's sticking around. Look at the high temperatures for Sunday On the East Coast ", "Brentwood California as temperatures soar well above 117. People were treated for heat exhaustion . Near record heat from -- to Fresno and it's sticking around. Look at the high temperatures for Sunday -- -- -- On ", "symptoms of  heat stroke  and more considered having  heatstroke . You don't serious like  heatstroke . Dear listeners don't call  heat exhaustion  for us we prevent  heat stroke  in general potential of  heatstroke  you can log ", 'Well joining us now to discuss the signs in the symptoms of heat stroke and more importantly hottest things safe during the summer months. Is ABC news contributor doctor Chris McGovern doctor McGovern factory with us ', 'aside from state and air conditioning all day long -- we prevent heat stroke in general. The fact is this is absolutely 100%. Preventable condition. So -- -- heads are now this you need to think ', 'make people a lot more comfortable as well. With the idea preventing heat stroke altogether and for more information about this and some other tips and how He can deal with the potential of heatstroke you can log on health page. At abcnews.com. ', "are especially at risk the CDC calling  heat illness  during practicing competitions. A leading kids out here forward. It's serious  heat exhaustion  or even  heatstroke  when you suffer  heat stroke  your body temperature reaches 104 degrees ", "Kadish -- risks bring in my kids out here forward. It's serious heat exhaustion or even heatstroke when you suffer heat stroke your body temperature reaches 104 degrees or higher. You'll Begin to for speier your heart starts to race your muscles will crap ", "demonstration. It's 98 degrees outside. But 186 inside the car. In arizona this weekend, a boy scout leader died from  heat stroke  while hiking with boy scouts around lake mead. And two high school graduations in california turned disastrous. Ladies and ", 'the car. In arizona this weekend, a boy scout leader died from heat stroke while hiking with boy scouts around lake mead. And two high school graduations in california turned disastrous. Ladies and gentlemen, this is ', 'hydration and avoid  heat exhaustion . Is pediatric nutritionist surprised to that  heat exhaustion  can actually turn as well absolutely  heat exhaustion  can that can can can beckon you from the  dehydration . The darker and darker ', "tell us more about the different ways to maintain hydration and avoid heat exhaustion . Is pediatric nutritionist doctor -- -- -- but doctor you great to see you again they have you here but they don't sense a little bit about. The dangers facing children in the high. We'll -- of their smaller bodies in adults so they overheat more quickly it's actually back to physics of that higher surface to volume ratio. A -- to do this they they -- a lot more quickly plus. They're busy bodies you know they like to -- around and and and get overheated so they're gonna do things -- -- -- a lot hotter -- a lot of people might be surprised to -- that heat exhaustion can actually turn deadly -- -- -- more often children can't scratch and we -- having some record breaking -- so so this summer so -- and this is not even -- -- -- this summer we've already broken a lot of records around the country so. It's some -- the really be concerned about we want kids to be active. But we want to be you know healthy -- active as well absolutely heat exhaustion can that can can can really crop up much more quickly and what are the signs that parents should be looking out for what are the signs that He wealthy if your kids profusely sweating that would be otherwise sort of unexplained but even if kids are just profusely sweating. Keep a watch on that. Rapid heartbeat especially it's kind of a weak pulse certainly heavy breathing rapid breathing but they can't seem to cool themselves down. And very quickly and certainly for adults as well. Check -- in college beckon you from the dehydration . The darker and darker it is the more you need more water and more fluids need to get cool so obviously important ", "in the our and of course strictures. All of these things can be found at home and people should use in that they feel that they're getting  heat exhaustion . David and that as you point out when you stop sweating no real warning sign.", "home and people should use in that they feel that they're getting heat exhaustion . David and that as you point out when you stop sweating no real warning sign. ", 'things like  heat exhaustion heat stroke  and even sunburned extreme heat or  dehydration  has on people bed developed  heat stroke  over the course mortality from  heatstroke  was as much to give you  heat exhaustion  or  heat stroke . Is it is ', 'thank you for joining us and thanks for those tips to avoid heat exhaustion and heatstroke . Appreciate it nice talking with added we hope you found this edition of healthy life in formative. To find out more on ']