['Wednesday July 17, 2013 Happening Now - Another Vote on Obamacare? NSA Spying Hearings ', "Key intel officials will appear before the house Judiciary Committee today to answer more questions about the leaked details of the NSA spying program. Many politicians are still angry about the extent of the U.S. government's spying on Americans' emails and phone records. The ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee Michigan Congressman John Conyers says lawmakers never approved that type of unchecked, sweeping surveillance of United States citizens. Mike Emanuel reporting.", '1000EDT -- House Judiciary Cmte hearing on "Oversight of the Administration\'s use of FISA Authorities." Deputy Atty Gen James Cole and NSA Deputy Dir John Inglis among those to testify. LIVE', "There's also a big hearing on Obamacare. Republicans in the House are due to try an kill it for the 38th time.  They want to delay the employer and the individual mandate. Jim Angle reporting.", '1000EDT -- House Ways and Means Health Subcmte hearing on "Delay of the Employer Mandate Penalties and Reporting Requirements." Sr advisor to the Secy & Deputy Assy Treasury Secy for retirement & health policy J. Mark Iwry testifies. LIVE', '1000EDT -- Bipartisan members hold a "Countdown Rally" for repeal of the HIT (Health Insurance Tax). LIVE', 'After 1200EDT -- House considers 2 bills that will delay the implementation of both the employer and individual mandates. LIVE', 'President Obama delivers comments on the confirmation of Richard Cordray as the Director of the Consumer Protection Financial Bureau at 10:50am. Cordray was confirmed after a bruising nomination fight that nearly led to the so-called nuclear option being used by Harry Reid in the Senate. As we first reported during "Happening Now" yesterday, a last-minute deal to avoid the nuclear option was reached by the Senate yesterday.', 'Also on the Hill today Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke will be testifying on the state of the U.S. economy.', "There's an arraignment for accused Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro on several hundred new charges. He's the man believed to have kidnapped three women, holding them for a decade and torturing and raping them. Garrett Tenney reporting.", 'The infamous one-time cruise ship captain Francesco Schettino in an Italian courtroom today facing charges including manslaughter and abandoning ship in the Costa Concordia disaster that left 32 dead.', 'A wildfire burning near Palm Springs, CA has already destroyed seven homes, and charred 14 square miles.', 'A nasty heat wave continues baking much of the country. Not expected to let up until this weekend.', 'Confirming what many had suspected, Canadian officials said 31-year-old "Glee" star Cory Monteith died from an overdose of heroin and alcohol.', "Thursday July 25, 2013 Happening Now - President Obama's Big Economy Push as New Polls Give Pause", "Wednesday July 24, 2013 Happening Now - President Obama's Economy Push; Congress Pushes Back", 'Friday July 12, 2013 Happening Now - Closing Arguments Wrap Up in Zimmerman Murder Trial', 'Wednesday July 17, 2013 Happening Now - Another Vote on Obamacare? NSA Spying Hearings', 'Choose an authorbardiseberteHarris FaulknerJon ScottmaguirespmoRick FolbaumShow Producers', 'Follow Happening NowFollow us on Twitter to get exclusive updates and announcements from the show!']