['Mohawk carpets are designed to fit virtually every purpose, decorating style and budget. Mohawk carpeting offers thousands upon thousands of colors, styles and textures that will be  the perfect flooring for your home.', 'Floors stay clean longer. Learn how your floors can be easier to maintain.More Info', 'This is the beginning of our interactive neighborhood. Each interactive home features design tips, giveaways, and great products that might be perfect in your home. Check back often, we will be adding new addresses soon. More Info', 'Offering a broad array of products, Mohawk Ceramic Tile comes in all major product types including floor tile, wall tile, mosaics and decorative tiles. From glazed floor to porcelain tile, Mohawk has a product to suit virtually any use throughout the home.', 'When you need an easy to clean and maintain floor look to Reveal Imaging from Mohawk Flooring. This technology gives you intricate visual detail and unmatched color definition all created with the latest digital imaging advancements. more info', 'This is the beginning of our interactive neighborhood. Each interactive home features design tips, giveaways, and great products that might be perfect in your home. Check back often, we will be adding new addresses soon. More Info', 'Uniclic Patented Technology makes laminate installation quick and easy. Learn more about our premier glueless locking system.More Info', 'Not only will GenuEdge prevent dust and dirt from getting trapped in the edges of your flooring. It also gives you the realistic look of hardwood to help meet your design goals and your budget.More Info', 'This is the beginning of our interactive neighborhood. Each interactive home features design tips, giveaways, and great products that might be perfect in your home. Check back often, we will be adding new addresses soon. More Info', 'Uniclic Patented Technology makes laminate installation quick and easy. Learn more about our premier glueless locking system.more info', 'You can transform any room in your home instantly with one of our luxurious, chic, and durable area rugs. more info', 'Dreaming of the perfect flooring? Let our Mohawk Credit Card help you  turn that dream into a reality.  more info', 'Mohawk Home features area rugs, accent rugs, bath rugs, utility mats, doormats and rug pads. It is easier than ever for customers to create a space that is a unique extension of their personality.', 'Discover new ways to transform your home into the your dream space through a delightful home tour.more info', 'Mohawk Home area rugs, accent rugs, bath rugs, utility mats, doormats and rug pads are available at most of your local retail stores. more info', 'Our Style editor has hand picked the seasons hottest and trendiest designs to fit any style. From bold bright damasks to popular medallions, this is the spot to find your new rug!more info', 'Aladdin Commercial is a comprehensive Mainstreet Commercial program built specifically to provide customers the right flooring solutions for any end use application.', 'Aladdin Commercial and Mohawk are firmly committed to responsible environmental stewardship. more info', 'Mohawk Flooring products can be found in our aligned stores, home centers, and through shop at home dealers.More Info', 'All-new looks, styles and features are available with Bertolin and Cressone, two brand-new glazed porcelain tiles with Reveal Imaging Technology. More Info', 'Explore our interactive home featuring design tips and great products for your home. More Info', 'Mohawk has partnered with popular lifestyle bloggers to bring you their in-depth, personal experiences shopping for a new floor from start to finish. More Info', 'In consumer polls, SmartStrand received a 94% satisfaction rate from buyers, a significantly higher percentage than that of nylon carpet buyers. More Info', 'Your questions and comments are important to us. Please fill out the form below for any questions you may have regarding our products, cleaning tips, maintenance instructions, or general comments.']