['When a major storm strikes, most people have the good sense to either hunker down or get out of the way. Storm chasers, however, are a special breed. They run right for it.', 'Reed Timmer, one of the stars of  the hit Discovery Channel show "Storm Chasers," details his adventures around some of the world\'s strongest storms.', 'Read an excerpt from the book below, and head to the "GMA" Library to find more good reads.', "Then, approximately a mile above the ground, the moisture in the rising air condenses into a mist. This is the meteorological equivalent of a shark fin popping out of the ocean water. It marks the beginnings of a storm cloud. It's the first visible sign of danger.", "The crisp cloud in my mind rapidly grows from a height of hundreds to thousands to tens of thousands of feet, blasting through the troposphere and into the stratosphere until it's thirteen miles tall. This is a cu-mulonimbus cloud, and in its most radical, towering form people say that it looks like the mushroom cloud that's associated with a nuclear explosion. Considering what an F5 tornado can do to both property and people, the metaphor isn't too far-fetched.", "Sure enough, near the base of this imaginary and towering cumulonimbus cloud, forces are at work. Winds howl through the cloud at varying elevations, directions, and speeds. One gale from the southwest might blow at fifty miles per hour at an elevation of six thousand feet; another blows at sixty miles per hour, from the west and at ten thousand feet; a third gust maintains twenty miles per hour near the earth's surface. This phenomenon is called wind shear. The conflicting and contrasting winds push and pull the air inside the cloud until, finally, that air moves in a uniform, circular current. Ultimately the air inside the cloud begins to rotate on a horizontal axis, much the same way that laundry rotates inside a clothes dryer.", "The turbulence, however, has only just begun. The force of the updraft inside the cumulonimbus cloud acts like a crane, yanking and tilting the cylinder of rotating air inside the cloud as if it were a pipe that had to ultimately stand on one end. By the time the updraft inside the cloud is finished repositioning this cylinder of air, it's now spinning vertically, like a barber pole.", "The mesocyclone, which is the rotating and rising air inside the cloud, is so powerful that it forces part, if not all, of the cloud to also turn. There's more to the spectacle, too. Miles in the sky, the warm and moist air that fed the growth of the cumulonimbus cloud has finally cooled, causing an upper layer of ice crystals to spread in all directions like a pancake. Now that same guy who was washing his car might look up and see a massive, glistening, flying-saucer-shaped, rotating cloud. If I were him, and this storm were real, I wouldn't be turning my back on the sky anymore.", 'The rogue cloud structure is now known as a supercell thunderstorm. Pregnant with moisture, wind, and both the warm air coming in and the cooling air spewing out its top and trickling down, the storm roars forth. Thunder. Lightning. Torrential rain. Cold cloud droplets turn into hail and get swept back into the updraft, only to attract more moisture and freeze again, cycling through until the hailstones grow as big as baseballs. Then they finally fall from the sky, kill livestock, smash windshields, and put holes in the roofs of buildings.', "I imagine something else dropping from the storm's belly: a wall cloud. It's a signature, block-shaped mass of condensation produced close to the heart of the storm's twisting and ascending updraft. A wall cloud might be only hundreds of feet off the ground, and it can spin like a top.", "Here the tornado science gets fuzzy. For reasons that aren't fully known, the wall cloud sprouts a thinner funnel that features an intensified rotation. Responding to pressure and temperature changes, the funnel lowers to the ground even as it sucks air upward. The spinning cloud might get longer and thinner, or it might not. Tornadoes can look like elephant trunks, stovepipes, drill bits, or wedges. They can be straight or crooked. They can range anywhere from three hundred feet to over two miles wide and can spin for a couple of minutes or an hour. They can glisten white in the sun or appear black in the shadows, although they can also turn shades of red, yellow, brown, and pink, depending on the color of the dirt and man-made materials they pull off the ground.", "The F5 of my dreams doesn't do colossal damage to people and their property. I've seen all manner of such destruction: rain gutters peeled off by sixty-five-mile-per-hour F0s, large trees snapped in half by hun-dred-and-twenty-mile-per-hour F2s, and neighborhoods reduced to sticks and stones by a three-hundred-mile-per-hour F5. I've encountered semi trucks that have been lifted onto their noses and houses that ex-ploded under the force of the storm.", "When there's no more warm, moist air in the pipeline and the F5 has strangled itself by sucking in its own cold air, the once huge tornado turns into an ever-thinning, twisting rope before disappearing into the ether.", "This collision of air and water is what rules my life. It fills my thoughts. It pushes me to take risks and put myself in positions that some view with awe but many view with suspicion. And chasing tornadoes is how I want to spend the rest of my life. Honestly, I'm not sure I have a choice.", "It's an interesting proposition, seeking happiness from tornadoes. For those few of us who are unquestion-ably mesmerized by them, chasing tornadoes can be the most fantastic experience in the world. Tornado chasing taxes your intellect and puts you at one with incredible, spectacular forces of nature. Chasing is also a fix for any adrenaline junkie and, if you do it often enough, can become your career.", "But an obsession with stalking tornadoes can kill or maim you, too, and even if chasing doesn't leave you with physical scars or a need for crutches, it's hard to escape unscathed. You'll witness death and de-struction of property that sickens your stomach and saddens your heart. Your family will worry about you. Significant others will grow tired of playing second fiddle. Peers will disagree with the way you chase, and you'll lose friends to your obsession.", "Twelve years ago, even before I'd experienced the highs and lows, before I'd seen what tornadoes were truly capable of, chasing them became everything to me.", "I remember one fellow student's sentiments toward me in particular. Honestly, she thought I was a fool.", "It was a Tuesday afternoon, weeks into the fall semester of 1998. I was sitting next to my new friend Rick during a class held in sprawling Dale Hall on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman. The course was Meteorology 1111, a prerequisite for all OU freshmen pursuing a meteorology degree. Rick and I spent class exchanging messages and sketches about things we found more interesting than the boring lecture. This day was no different. After I'd written something on the back of a paper napkin and handed it to him, Rick softly yet enthusiastically pounded the armrest with his fist.", 'That\'s when the blond student sitting in the row ahead of us turned around and gave us a dismissive glance. Without saying a thing, I understood her glare. It said, "Please pay attention."', 'This time the blond turned around and clearly mouthed this message to me: "Why do you show up?"', "As a kid growing up in Grand Rapids, Michigan, I may have been too small and geeky to play high school team sports, but I had skated in more than my share of neighborhood street hockey games. Now the wheels were coming in handy as a means for getting around campus quickly. I didn't care if they were dorky. The skates were what got me to class on time.", "Clinton Kelly's New Fashion DON'T BookPower Dressing to Land a New Job'Come Together' Dinner Party FashionsOscar's Red Carpet Fashion Roundup'Storm Chasers' Back for More"]