['Linzie, thank you so much. We move on to the  extreme weather  from heavy rain and flooding and building tonight a heat dome baking much of the east this week. Ginger zee on the extremes coming ', 'Linzie, thank you so much. We move on to the extreme weather from heavy rain and flooding and building tonight a heat dome baking much of the east this week. Ginger zee on the ', "temperatures near 90. Who would have thought that would seem cool? It's relief. The system pushing it out brought  extreme weather . Tonight, ginger zee on that and the giant storm in the southwest bringing dangerous floods there, too. Reporter ", "that would seem cool? It's relief. The system pushing it out brought extreme weather . Tonight, ginger zee on that and the giant storm in the southwest bringing dangerous floods there, too. Reporter: Tonight, rescued in phoenix. ", 'Turn on the Saturday evening to the  extreme weather  now huge part of this country dealing with but lot of flooding tonight the very active at this hour ABC Jersey. With the flooding ', 'Turn on the Saturday evening to the extreme weather now -- huge part of this country dealing with but lot of flooding tonight the -- very active at this hour ABC ', "fleet of aircraft are growiadding to the growing cost of weather disasters. In 1980, $58 billion. By last year?  Extreme weather  and climate costs nearly doubled to $110 billion. 377 people were killed. Hurricane sandy's tab? 65 billion ", "growing cost of weather disasters. In 1980, $58 billion. By last year? Extreme weather and climate costs nearly doubled to $110 billion. 377 people were killed. Hurricane sandy's tab? 65 billion. Drought and heat waves, another ", "flight delays that could ripple across the country. As  extreme weather  could also make a mess of the morning commute and cities. AccuWeather meteorologist Jim part of our  extreme weather  team he's tracking it for good morning Jim. Good ", "northeast. Along with flight delays that could ripple across the country. As extreme weather could also make a mess of the morning commute and some of the country's most populated cities. AccuWeather meteorologist Jim -- part of our extreme weather team he's tracking it for -- good morning Jim. Good morning John -- Diana threat for dangerous thunderstorms here today -- -- ", 'Looming threat of tornados, floods cripple already damaged communities across country.', 'Ginger Zee with the latest on floods, fires and another tornado across the country.', 'headline, the  extreme weather , record heat in the west, ambulances rushing to a graduation when people began collapsing. In the east record rain, the flash ', 'headline, the extreme weather , record heat in the west, ambulances rushing to a graduation when people began collapsing. In the east record rain, the flash floods ', "You're watching America this morning at America's number 1 in the early morning news. Right back here at home  extreme weather  overnight nearly two dozen Boy Scouts in New England recovering from a lightning strike that strike in central New ", 'number 1 in the early morning news. Right back here at home extreme weather overnight nearly two dozen Boy Scouts in New England recovering from a lightning strike that strike in central New Hampshire -- three ', "Now to the  extreme weather  in the east tonight. A monster storm front this evening, a tornado touching down near the nation's capital, passengers inside ", "Now to the extreme weather in the east tonight. A monster storm front this evening, a tornado touching down near the nation's capital, passengers inside a major ", 'tonight, and to the  extreme weather  battering much of the nation tonight. From the heartland to new england. Abc meteorologist ginger zee with the severe weather ', 'tonight, and to the extreme weather battering much of the nation tonight. From the heartland to new england. Abc meteorologist ginger zee with the severe weather ahead this ', 'Now to the  extreme weather  this morning and to those winds fueling wildfires in the west. Families just returning home in parts of colorado tonight as new ', 'Now to the extreme weather this morning and to those winds fueling wildfires in the west. Families just returning home in parts of colorado tonight as new ', 'A bank of ice, lightning and quick moving thunderstorms in  extreme weather  across the country.', 'suspect at the hundred rounds of ammunition and see  extreme weather  the flash flood the city filling with water and this Dodgers tonight job now to the other major headline the  extreme weather  record heat in the west ambulances rushing to a graduation ', "feeling that suspect at the -- hundred rounds of ammunition and see extreme weather the flash flood the city -- filling with water and this was no -- don't want Watson. Tonight he now sending ambulances ", 'David Dodgers tonight -- job now to the other major headline the extreme weather record heat in the west ambulances rushing to a graduation when people began collapsing. And to -- east record rain to flash ', 'rescues. This image today, a man kayaking down the street in fort wayne, indiana. This was widespread. Our stream  extreme weather  team is leading the coverage. Meteorologist ginger zee is in oklahoma tonight. Good evening. Reporter: Good evening ', "down the street in fort wayne, indiana. This was widespread. Our stream extreme weather team is leading the coverage. Meteorologist ginger zee is in oklahoma tonight. Good evening. Reporter: Good evening, david. I'm right here next ", "killing him. Reporter: Police don't know what triggered the shooting and have not released the identity of the gunman but they did say he would have turned 24 years old today. Now to the other major headline, the  extreme weather ,", 'turned 24 years old today. Now to the other major headline, the extreme weather , ', 'We begin with the  extreme weather  across the country tonight. The fast-moving wildfires in just a moment. First, the growing toll from those tornadoes. And ', 'We begin with the extreme weather across the country tonight. The fast-moving wildfires in just a moment. First, the growing toll from those tornadoes. And that same system ', "deck today. But meteorologists say they aren't surprised. When you think of spraying you think of  extreme weather  we had  extreme weather  last spring it was hot. This spring it's been cool and in this central it's been wet. And while ", "say they aren't surprised. When you think of spraying you think of extreme weather we had extreme weather last spring it was hot. This spring it's been cool and in this central -- it's been wet. And while mother nature ", 'Record breaking rainfall in the South, snowfall hits Northeast on Memorial weekend.', 'Storms are set to clobber parts of US on the first unofficial weekend of summer.']