["over to police, according to a post on Facebook. Both Hadden and her daughter were also removed from the country's  no - fly list , the post said. Hadden took her daughter to Brazil May 21 to visit the girl's father, Donizete Machado, whom Hadden ", "up with more specific watch lists that match their criteria, such as the Transportation Security Administration's  no - fly list . Earlier in the week U.S. officials confirmed that Russia's intelligence agency, the FSB, had made two separate ", 'relationship with the  TSA , he disagreed with recommendation by a  TSA  working group that shortsighted." RELATED:  TSA  to Allow Pocket Knives will remain on the  no - fly list , although wiffle-ball used by the 9/11  terrorists  will still be banned ', 'relationship with the  TSA , he disagreed with recommendation by a  TSA  working group that shortsighted." RELATED:  TSA  to Allow Pocket Knives will remain on the  no - fly list , although wiffle-ball used by the 9/11  terrorists  will still be banned ', 'Security Administration ( TSA ) has announced they more than a decade.  TSA  Administrator John will remain on the  no - fly list , though wiffle-ball recommendation by a  TSA  working group that used by the 9/11  terrorists , will still be banned ', 'Africa to engage in fighting with  terrorists  groups there. Both were charged to provide material support to  terrorists . Abukhdair was also charged with 2012, but may have been on the  no - fly list  and later worked with the FBI as ', 'tagging and checking your own bag. --  TSA  has a new pre-check program this year cranberry sauce at home. Because of the  TSA  ban on liquids, your turkey is welcome but the cranberries are on the  no - fly list .', "and Orlando Estevas. When authorities discovered Orea's name on Tuesday afternoon, they immediately put him on a  no - fly list , but it was too late. He had gone to New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport and paid cash for a last ", 'amounts of guns without a reasonable background check." He also criticized the gun lobby for helping people on the  no - fly list  purchase guns while also preventing national security data from being shared between two government agencies. "The ', 'Famous People Who Fought Immigration Battles, From John Lennon to Charlie Chaplin', 'The singer was placed on the U.S. government\'s " no fly "  list  and taken off a flight from London to Washington because of suspicions that he was associated with potential  terrorists . His flight, on a United Airlines Boeing 747, was ', 'boarding pass was flagged in our system as being on the  TSA \'s  No Fly list . We notified and collaborated with  TSA .  TSA  cleared the customers to travel on JetBlue. "We are ', 'son on a plane any time soon. My baby girl, for the record, was an angel and, thus, will not be relegated to my " no - fly list ." For all you traveling parents out there, please consult with your personal pediatrician before giving your children ', "The government's  no fly list  is designed to keep  terrorists  off US But in a lawsuit filed American airplanes safe from  terrorists . The FBI has put 22 year old a a ball on the US  no fly list . FBI will not say why. And ", "The government's no fly list is designed to keep terrorists off US -- -- -- But in a lawsuit filed this week on behalf of ten people on the list the ACLU the American Civil Liberties Union. Says the list has turned into an official government blacklist. The FBI secretly adding the names of entirely innocent Americans refusing to say why. And with no clear way to ever get off the list. You keep American airplanes safe from terrorists . The FBI has put 22 year old a -- a ball on the US no fly list . FBI will not say why. And the New York nanny did not find out she was on the list until she showed ", "The government's  no fly list  is designed to keep  terrorists  off US But in a lawsuit of ten people on the  no fly list  who with help from the build and maintain the  no fly list  is unconstitutional ", "Welcome back I'm Brian Ross in New York. The government's no fly list is designed to keep terrorists off US -- -- -- But in a lawsuit filed this week on behalf of ten people on the list the ACLU ", 'of names on the  no fly list  has doubled. For Brian. Cynthia  no fly list  is designed to keep suspected  terrorists  off US airplanes ball on the US  no fly list . FBI will not Ten people on the  no fly list  who with help from ', "the Detroit bound flight -- believe the number of names on the no fly list has doubled. For the approximately 4000 to nearly 8000. But -- -- on the list belonged there. Not according to the American citizens you're about to meet our chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross has the report. Brian. Cynthia no fly list is designed to keep suspected terrorists off US airplanes but in a lawsuit filed today on behalf of ten people on the list the ACLU says it has turned into an official government blacklist. With the FBI secretly adding the names of entirely innocent Americans refusing to say why. With no clear way to ever get off the list. You keep American airplanes safe from terrorist the FBI has put 22 year old a -- a ball on the US no fly list . FBI will not say why. And the New York nanny did not find out she was on the list until she showed ", "scout karate champ Catholic school third stuff on the PSAs  no fly list  since He was born because of his name. Michael Winston to try to stop They were told to fill out sent it to the  TSA . National did that and then she took her son's story ", 'Cub scout karate champ Catholic school third -- stuff on the PSAs no fly list since He was born because of his name. Michael Winston -- My husband is Michael William hicks so there was yeah Michael ', "The government's  no fly list  is supposed to stop  terrorists  from getting into the were wrongly put on the  no fly list  had been stranded overseas were wrongly put on the  no fly list  include a prominent Nigerian ", "The government's no fly list is supposed to stop terrorists from getting into the country. Today the American Civil Liberties Union filed suit saying the list is preventing too many innocent people from flying. But as our Brian Ross found out one of them discovered that the list is also easy to get around infected one case. US officials even offered advice on how to do it. A number of Americans who say they were wrongly put on the no fly list had been stranded overseas. Including a US air force veteran trying to get home from Ireland Steve Washburn. Now a convert to ", "The government's  no fly list  is supposed to stop  terrorists  from getting into the were wrongly put on the  no fly list  had been stranded overseas were wrongly put on the  no fly list  include a prominent Nigerian ", "The government's no fly list is supposed to stop terrorists from getting into the country. Today the American Civil Liberties Union filed suit saying the list is preventing too many innocent people from flying. But as our Brian Ross found out one of them discovered that the list is also easy to get around infected one case. US officials even offered advice on how to do it. A number of Americans who say they were wrongly put on the no fly list had been stranded overseas. Including a US air force veteran trying to get home from Ireland Steve Washburn. Now a convert to ", "there's more to come. The  no fly list . Is soaring it's getting the odds of catching  terrorists . We see things coming listed some suspected  terrorists  are catching on. Even at six. Thousand names the  no fly list  is nowhere near the 20000 ", 'congressional committee a longer list increases screenings and the odds of catching terrorists . We see things coming through the checkpoints in the United States that. Are amazing either on their persons on in wheelchairs. In ', 'identity because He knew He was watch listed -- -- some suspected terrorists are catching on. Even at six. Thousand names the no fly list is nowhere near the 20000 names it held after the 9/11 attacks among those no longer considered a threat are -- active ']