['what the  TSA  calls replica tweeted by a  Transportation Security Administration  public affairs LGA is the  airport  code for LaGuardia  Airport . It\'s spokesperson for the  TSA  said, no 125.  TSA \'s blog confiscated at  security  checkpoints followers. "The  Transportation Security Administration  ( TSA ) uses ', "and keep laptop computers in cases at  security  checkpoints. Under the  Transportation Security Administration 's Precheck program, only travelers for expedited screening. On Friday,  TSA  Administrator John Pistole said beginning ", "and keep laptop computers in cases at  security  checkpoints. Under the  Transportation Security Administration 's Precheck program, only travelers for expedited screening. On Friday,  TSA  Administrator John Pistole said beginning ", "Pistole said at the annual Aspen  Security  Forum. Asiri, 31, created obtained a Department of Homeland  Security  illustration of the newer bomb could have been detected by  TSA , but that would be less likely in overseas airports, where  security  screening isn't always as ", 'wardens and conservation officers. The Iowa Lottery (48), Broadlawns Medical Center (14), and the  Transportation Security Administration  (15) were among the other recipients. Some critics of traffic cameras used the news to argue that ', 'those killer  airport security  lines head of the  Transportation Security Administration  today revealed already-successful  TSA  Pre-check through expedited  airport  screening at the Aspen  Security  Forum ,  TSA  Director John threats to  security  and then tackling get to the  airport ,  TSA  is able to ', 'TSA  Instagram Feed Shows Confiscated Firearms, Knives, Grenades, Gains 12,000 Followers', 'users, but when the  Transportation Security Administration  posts them as examples items confiscated at  airport security  checkpoints, thousands tsablogteam, the  TSA  has gained more than card knives. The  TSA  has been posting photos about the items the  TSA  takes daily from passengers ', "Better Night's Sleep?, Plus,  TSA  iPad Theft and a Look Inside Originally aired on 6/5)  TSA  iPad Theft: (Nightline repeat) After reports of  TSA  agents stealing from airline purposely left iPads behind at  TSA  checkpoints at ten major airports-each government screeners. At the Orlando  airport , the device disappeared, but ", "Safeguard whatever ID you use at  airport security . Without it, you've drawn have you? According to the  TSA , if you lose your license replacement). Just show up at the  airport  a little early and explain Darling, I was heading to the  airport  to visit you when I had an ", 'farecompare.com The Quiz 1.  Airport security  body-scan machines that answer is A. The only images  TSA  screeners will see from now Los Angeles International  Airport  recently? A. Half-pound of remove their shoes at the  security  checkpoint and wonder if this ', "immediate concern for passengers was  security .  TSA  didn't even have a website until 2002 to the airlines to alert travelers to  security  dos and don'ts on their web pages and and urged passengers to get to the  airport  two hours early. Removing our footwear ", "Miami International  Airport  after it arrived aboard cargo area in the  airport 's international but not federal  Transportation Security Administration  officers, a senior flight so there was no  TSA  interaction at all Department of Homeland  Security  agency responsible ", "Global Entry 5 years at a time and automatically approved for  TSA 's Pre , a domestic expedited  security  screening program. The program also has agreements with Canada recent flight from Guadalajara, Mexico arrived at John Wayne  Airport  in Santa Ana, Calif., only 2 people used their recently ", "It even patted down at Newark  Airport  a good chance the screen Eric didn't do properly a new internal report screeners are properly executing pat downs of passengers ", "It even patted down at Newark Airport -- -- a good chance the screen Eric didn't do properly a new internal report -- screeners are properly executing pat downs ", 'Insider on  airport security  is speaking out and not just the former head of  TSA  in America. He says instances with more  TSA  officers. Roaming the  airport  asking questions watching up. Holly says the  TSA  is sitting on important to shampoo. Through  security  and onboard. All the ', "Insider on airport security is speaking out and not just -- -- the former head of TSA in America. He says most of those lines of the bands we dread. Our waste of time so what's his alternative he spoke to ABC's senior national correspondent Jim Ottawa. This taser that someone brought through the TSA's stops all kinds of weapons from reaching the plane. But today -- inside for the agency's former boss. Warns in a new book it's all wasted effort that makes air travel no safer. So -- we will carry a small knife and absolutely carry big knife. Care can carry five knives you're not gonna take over the point the focus should be explosives. And toxins things that can kill a lot of people very fast the man who helped build TSA and ran it from 2005 to 2009. -- -- Says the system is broken. And TSA should stop looking for weapons that cannot penetrate the post 9/11 fortified cockpit door. As TSA administrator he reviewed a dozen active terrorist threat today and the way to stop -- -- instances with more TSA officers. Roaming the airport asking questions watching shady characters while streamlining frustrating checkpoints. That only alienate passengers we can not protect. Every passenger. On every train plane automobile whatever we have so jammed up the system rules and and the public is just -- up. Holly says the TSA is sitting on important technology. That -- liquids for explosives and could as soon as tomorrow allow passengers to carry everything from water to shampoo. Through security and onboard. All the would be needed he says is a separate liquid line. -- may move slower than the rest we have that technology. And I would argue. Let's roll it out but what about the shoes will they ever stay on through security . When I was -- TSA I -- old people. Health package is yet for all the things holly think should change you'll still be barefoot in the ", "faces at the  Transportation Security Administration  after they entirety. As a  airport  passenger terrorists.  TSA 's confidential aviation  security  manual on the part of  TSA  over the years undetected by  airport  screening ", "There are a lot of red faces at the Transportation Security Administration after they admitted that they had posted the entirety. As a airport passenger screening manual. Online for all to see. Here's TJ -- It -- been called -- road map for terrorists. TSA's confidential aviation security manual on line for all the world to see the document was posted on the Internet as part of a contract bidding process. The sensitive parts were electronically blacked out but bloggers were easily able to break through. I'm afraid to say that there has been a pattern of incompetence and ineptitude on the part of TSA over the years. Potentially compromising information includes what size electrical wire can go undetected by airport screening machines. Items that screeners can decide not to check including wheelchairs. And what identity cards for the CIA and federal air ", "through an  airport  knows the  transportation security administration  and the middle agency is  security . But the  TSA  didn't online by the  TSA  reveals the sensitive  airport  screening way through  airport security . The  TSA  has developed ", "Everyone who goes through an airport knows the transportation security administration and the middle name of the agency is security . But the TSA didn't even secure their own most sensitive secrets. Agency posted its airport screening procedures manual right on the Internet. And anyone who reads it would have little problem figuring out how to get around TSA screening. So our chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross is here with details Brian. Charlie it's being called the most serious security breach since the creation of the TSA after 9/11 attacks. This 93 page document. The -- the only posted online by the TSA reveals the agency's most sensitive airport screening secrets. Since that day when nineteen hijackers easily made their way through airport security . The TSA has developed a complex program to prevent it from ever happening again but since yesterday. The secret details have been online for everyone to see. Most damaging say officials what size electrical wire can go undetected by airport screening machines valuable information for a bomb maker. Also in the documents a list of VIPs and federal officials who He gets specialized or no screen. And items that screeners can opt not to check including wheelchairs footwear of the disabled for static devices and casts an orthopedic shoes. Also revealed that the TSA only inspects 20% of checked baggage by hand. The rest is never open according to the documents. Well this obviously gives them a road map to terrorists is to exactly how to exploit the weaknesses in our aviation security says. As part of a contract bidding process the TSA posted the documents online with the sensitive parts electronically blacked out. But with a few keystrokes bloggers were able to quickly remove ", "get home for Christmas the  TSA  is eyeing a potential tool have to undergo a few more.  Security  measures the issue here. Is it's just simply Homeland  Security  trying to take a step they and then proceed through the  security  checkpoint in and get on your ", "-- the skies in the rush to get home for Christmas the TSA is eyeing a potential tool. For terrorist insulated thermos containers. ABC's Lindsey Davis joins us live -- the newsroom now with details on this Wednesday. Good afternoon to you -- just want to give you a heads up there is no particular. Band here it's just that you can expect that if you're gonna pack one of these services in your carry on -- your checked bag that you're gonna have to undergo a few more. Security measures the issue here. Is this is not based on a particular threat that they know -- it's just simply Homeland Security trying to take a step they keep a step ahead. Potentially what terrorists are thinking they're concerned about. Sony taking one of ", "these with some hot chocolate or coffee and then proceed through the security checkpoint in and get on your -- That it's still. -- issue but people can pack this if it's empty. In their security . In their. Check on. All right Lindsey Davis for us with the of the latest on this alert thank you -- appreciate ", 'afternoon while going through legally  airport security  with her nine month old daughter Eva back up. I because there was no record.  TSA  recently changed its screening procedures Clinton. In a statement I TV four news the  TSA  admitted that there officer mistakenly ', "and it will be out. But Wednesday afternoon while going through legally airport security with her nine month old daughter Eva. She faced a problem she didn't expect. -- -- -- -- -- Quote this book I can't. It could look at the best that -- required. It's what he said next that through her see. If they pick it is not calling you. -- pick back up. I -- because there was no record. TSA recently changed its screening procedures to allow women to carry breast milk on -- planes without testing it. But breast pumps are ", 'Last apparently the  TSA  is  Transportation Security Administration  united discusses before you came in. an  airport  screening men on scrutiny. Apparently  TSA  learned of this last And the ideas the  security  of the traveling ', "Last apparently the TSA is Transportation Security Administration united discusses before you came in. -- -- an airport screening men on line last brain. And detailed procedures for screening passengers. Certain. Terror news B mass and so on. Said it is described -- settings for X ray machines exposes. Let's of the country's much -- or owners be subject greatest scrutiny. Apparently TSA learned of this last Sunday. After a blogger. Put on the Internet. And initiated internal review. Who should be held accountable. All first of all mister chairman. Let me say two things about the posting itself. And the ideas -- the security of the traveling public has never been put at risk. And that the the document that was posted to. It was an "]