['time. They were at their  Colorado Springs  home a year ago, nervously monitoring the Waldo Canyon  Fire  that was spreading quickly little bit faster."  Colorado  Wildfire Takes Out at most destructive blaze in  Colorado  history, burning the Terrie\'s parents in the  Black Forest  area of El Paso County belongings they lost in the  fire . Then on Tuesday, lightning struck twice. The  Black Forest fire  exploded in the afternoon ', 'chicago and that storm we head to  colorado springs  where tonight all eyes are Reporter: Walls of flame from the  black forest fire  near  colorado springs  are taking out million-dollar Clayton sandell, abc news,  colorado springs .', 'From chicago and that storm we head to colorado springs where tonight all eyes are on wildfires, homes destroyed and thousands of families on the move. Clayton sandell has the very latest from there. Reporter: Hot dry winds are fanning seven fires, the worst blowing up and forcing evacuations over 50 square miles. Reporter: Walls of flame from the black forest fire near colorado springs are taking out million-dollar homes. Every house on this street gone. At this point, I would not be surprised if we crossed ', "and forced state prison officials to move 900 inmates out of the fire's path. These fires are aggravated by interested and drought. Dry brush like this is turned into super fuel. The fires are bad for people but also wildlife. This baby deer was rescued by a firefighter, one small act amid overwhelming destruction. Clayton sandell, abc news, colorado springs . ", 'quickly shifting winds are making this  fire  dangerously unpredictable. The  fire  doubled back, properties that we identified now engulfed in flames. Reporter: As  black forest fire  near  colorado springs  grows, lena is soaking her house with ', "called in, and abc's clayton san dell hdell has the latest from colorado springs , colorado . Reporter: You see a brand new roadblock because overnight the evacuation area has expanded and in some neighborhoods this erratic fire is turning back around, brinew danger to areas firefighters thought were safe. This morning, quickly shifting winds are making this fire dangerously unpredictable. The fire doubled back, properties that we identified as standing are now engulfed in flames. Reporter: As black forest fire near colorado springs grows, lena is soaking her house with a garden hose. This is all wet. Might help us have a better chance. Reporter: ", "historic fires in  colorado , just now coming now ash. The  black forest fire  near  colorado springs  tonight, a little fire  zone near  colorado springs , many not sure foundations. The  black forest fire  now  colorado 's ", "to the fires. This evening, the scope of the historic fires in colorado , just now coming into focus. This image showing the devastation, the homes and cars there now ash. The black forest fire near colorado springs tonight, a little more than half con tauned. Today, a remarkable scene. Neighbors lining up, holding american flags there to cheer on the firefighters after a long and brutal shift. And a touching and personal k you. A cake from one colorado springs resident after those firefighters did what they could to save homes. And to the other extreme tonight, the flash flooding across much of the heartland. These images coming in from missouri this evening. Streets turning into raging rivers. And look at this soccer field tonight, turned into a lake. We have it all covered, beginning with the long line of families just now returning home tonight in colorado , hoping they have a home to return to. Here's abc's john schriffen. Reporter: Tonight, in colorado , lighting and heavy rains. A blessing and a curse for these long lines of cars trying to return home. Inside the fire zone near colorado springs , many not sure what is waiting for them. I want to be able to go back to our house. Reporter: This was the scene last week as the massive flames quickly reduced million dollar homes to their foundations. The black forest fire now colorado's most destructive wildfire ever, has destroyed more than 480 homes, killing two people. Authorities say this wild fire was so tricky, because of record temperatures and strong winds shifting the direction of the flames. Pleased to report that because of ", 'flooding, tornadoes, hail, and  fire  as the nation takes another punch another $30 billion. Fighting the  black forest fire  here in  colorado  has already cost more than Clayton sandell, abc news,  colorado springs .', "tab? 65 billion. Drought and heat waves, another $30 billion. Fighting the black forest fire here in colorado has already cost more than $10 million. And that doesn't even count the cost of more than 500 homes that burned to the ground. Scientists say human-caused climate change is already helping shift the planet's natural balance. Creating more heat waves, drought, and intense downpours. A stormy and expensive reality, that's already on our doorsteps. Clayton sandell, abc news, colorado springs . ", 'hour one of the blazes.  Colorado Springs  has damaged or destroyed where updating us on this  fire  here is. Share from past. Very very hot  fire . Even at 5 AM this morning lakes fired matter Denver.  Colorado Springs fire  department has really. A great partner.  Black forest  fell again. Air academy ', "burn out of control at this hour one of the blazes. -- Colorado Springs has damaged or destroyed up to sixty homes. -- and 6000 residents have been forced to evacuate as firefighters faced hot dry and windy conditions. We -- about to head to a news conference where -- -- updating us on this fire here is. Share from past. Very very hot fire . Even at 5 AM this morning. Now as we know that winds are expected to pick up. We're going to be in ", "the list. Obviously we have the el paso county sheriff's while and fire team. The tri lakes fired matter -- Denver. Colorado Springs fire department has played. A huge role in this and -- are really. A great partner. Black forest fell again. Air academy -- -- hills south metro Denver Pueblo -- bill. Brush Cripple Creek Hanover kit Carson. Fountain Ellicott Glenn eagle cascade -- security. Fort Carson in crystal part. Which I think is a majority of the fire districts in El Paso County in you can. Imagine the distance some of them traveled when they're coming from -- arsonists then as well as. Led bill. Law enforcement. We've had tremendous support from the Colorado state patrol. CS PB monument. Palmer lake. And they've just done a fantastic job. Number -- -- helping with evacuations in the traffic flow as well as providing security. Today will be beefing up some of the guard resources. And make sure that the areas that are evacuated there were not active with fire fighting efforts. There we have active patrols taking place in those communities I know there's been some. Concern expressed to our office ", "talk about the county's -- -- -- That was El Paso County Colorado sheriff Terry -- recapping some of the events of today gave us an update about. Before major wildfires burning right now in -- writer near Colorado Springs he says they are far from under control and the number of homes destroyed is on the rise closer to 100 now. ", "million dollar homes in the  Colorado  Rockies as many as sixty Firefighters are on the ground near  Colorado Springs  and so is ABC's cleats are blowing up all over  Colorado . The worst in the  black forest  area north of  Colorado Springs . Growing to about now were estimating the  fire  to have consumed somewhere ", "-- -- -- -- destructive wildfire engulfing million dollar homes in the Colorado Rockies as many as sixty homes have been damaged or burned to the ground thousands of families have been forced to flee and that's just one of four big fires. Blazing across the state. 150. Firefighters are on the ground near Colorado Springs and so is ABC's cleats and send. This morning wildfires are blowing up all over Colorado . The worst in the black forest area north of Colorado Springs . Growing to about 8000 acres in a matter of hours as many as sixty structures have been damaged or destroyed. -- blaze is out of control police helping thousands of people to get out. Are are mandatory evacuation area. Is about. 24000. Acres. Right now were estimating the fire to have consumed somewhere between 7500. And 8000 acres it's affected a population of 5469. They had the road blocked off there was medicine. And finally at peace right now and money going to get our guns. Dry windy conditions and record hot triple digit temperatures Denver broke -- record Tuesday's 100 degree -- the earliest on record. The fire is still pretty well scattered it's not just one wall of fire . Like this community has seen two more Colorado fires are burning out of control one forced evacuations of the scenic royal gorge park near canyon city. At least three structures ", "deadly wildfires in  Colorado  now being called the the blaze. In and  Colorado Springs  with the latest Clayton first time since the  black forest  wildfire killed two while the battle of  black forest  began turning Friday massive blaze near  Colorado Springs  the race didn't hot  fire  trucks from this guy ", "-- we're -- turn -- -- those deadly wildfires in Colorado now being called the worst and that's State's history. Two people are dead -- nearly 500 homes have been destroyed thousands forced to flee from the plains woman now anxiously waiting to see -- their homes are still standing. -- morning relief is finally in sight with firefighters making progress battling the blaze. In -- -- and -- Colorado Springs with the latest Clayton. Good morning to you be on -- you can see from this roadblock this morning it's still far too dangerous to get into parts of the fires on. This blaze is only 30% contained but a break in the weather could change that. Overnight the first good news for some of the roughly 40000 people evacuated from their homes. Effective -- being. The mandatory evacuation in the city of Coral Springs the flying horse neighborhood is has been lifted. For the first time since the black forest wildfire killed two people and turned entire neighborhoods and a charred waste lands some of them can go home -- going to be -- back. It's fantastic he really is coming at you don't realize how important home isn't it you have to give it up for a while the battle of black forest began turning Friday in favor of firefighters as the skies opened up. Helping quench the massive blaze near Colorado Springs the race didn't -- -- hot fire trucks from this guy do a lot of good explores the fire destroyed at least 473. Homes leaving a hot so too dangerous for most evacuees to return. It's not a victory yet there's still a lot of work to be done out there on the fire . Firefighters are still out there in force that means an agonizing wait for tens of thousands of people kept calling or answering ", 'now will drop into the low eighties right around eighty on Monday. Colorado Springs the upper seventies and the southeast part of Colorado the same but there are six states with large fires remember and the -- not great for northern California out -- parts ']