['49ers wideout A.J . Jenkins  begins second season with more confidence, comfort in San Francisco', 'If A.J. Jenkins had yet to call his dad on a given day last season, he would receive a text asking him to do so.Those daily chats are a big reason Jenkins stayed sane during a challenging, unproductive, heavily scrutinized rookie season with the San Francisco 49ers. Their top draft pick last year, he didn\'t make a single catch while spending most of his time watching from the sidelines.He was on the active roster in only three games for the two-time defending division champion and Super Bowl runner-up.The 49ers are now counting on Jenkins after top 2012 wideout Michael Crabtree had surgery on his right Achilles tendon after tearing it during a practice May 21.Jenkins spent about two months this offseason living and training with quarterback Colin Kaepernick in Atlanta. All of those pep talks from his dad sure seem to be paying off, too."He\'s my father. He just told me, \'Be patient, be humble about it,\' because my time is going to be there," Jenkins recalled. "Him being my dad, he\'s goi...', "There's about as much drama in every sunrise.Andrew Luck, the sure-thing franchise quarterback from Stanford, was taken by the Indianapolis Colts with the No. 1 pick...", 'The first Big Ten football championship game will be played in December at the home of the Indianapolis Colts .If neither Ohio State nor Michigan is playing at Lucas...', "The second week of organized team activities began for the San Francisco 49ers without Michael Crabtree but with the tough task of replacing the team's top wide rece...", 'WR  Hakeem Nicks active for Giants vs. 49ers; Jacobs inactive again for San Francisco', "Wide receiver Hakeem Nicks has been activated for the Giants against the 49ers in a rematch of last season's NFC championship game.New York listed Nicks as questiona...", "Nathan Scheelhaase thought a little bit about what might have been had Terrelle Pryor stayed at Ohio State and been behind center for Saturday's matchup with No. 16 ...", "Even though most Big Ten teams' starting quarterbacks return this season, nine of the twelve teams' leading receivers are no longer in the league. On the other side ...", '2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: The 2011 campaign truly was a tale of two seasons for Illinois.After jumping out to a 6-0 start, the only question facing the Fighting Illini ...', 'Nathan Scheelhaase and A.J. Jenkins hooked up on two long TD passes to lead No. 19 Illinois to a 41-20 victory Saturday at Indiana.Illinois (6-0, 2-0 Big Ten ) is of...', "Training camp season has arrived, and the NFL probably couldn't be happier.With countless episodes of bad behavior both on the field (the revelation of the New Orlea...", "Ever since the Cleveland Browns returned to the NFL for the 1999 season, they've been unable to find a long-term answer at the quarterback position.They've tried sev...", 'The San Francisco 49ers selected wide receiver Quinton Patton of Louisiana Tech with the first of their two fourth-round selections in the NFL draft Saturday.The pic...', 'Fresh off their first loss of the ranked Illinois Fighting Illini will attempt to get back on track this weekend against the Purdue Boilermakers in Big Ten Conferenc...', 'After near miss last season, 49ers return with plans on getting back to Super Bowl, winning', 'Preparation for the 2013 NFL season begins in earnest later this week when both the Dallas Cowboys and Miami Dolphins report to training camp on July 20.A week later...', "After nearly a decade of hardship, the San Francisco 49ers are a power in the NFC once again.But for those who may believe the franchise that once stood as the NFL's...", 'A recap and analysis of how the NFC teams fared in the 2012 NFL Draft:NFC EASTDallas1 - Morris Claiborne, CB, Louisiana State (5-11, 188); 3 - Tyrone Crawford, DE, B...', 'REPORT DATES: July 19 (rookies), July 24 (veterans)SITE: Marie P. DeBartolo Sports Centre, Santa Clara, CACAMP CONFIDENTIAL: The NFC champions will be aiming to get ...', "The Illinois Fighting Illini of the Big Ten is set to square off with the UCLA Bruins of the PAC 12 in this year's Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl.The bowl, formerly known a...", "Jim Harbaugh's move to quarterback Colin Kaepernick from Alex Smith midway through 2012 added a big play dimension to the San Francisco offense and helped lift the 4..."]