['But discovering the real deal is even more of a chore with practice time in pads and scrimmaging so limited compared to before 2011. The players association insisted on the cutbacks during CBA negotiations, and with player safety a major issue, the NFL agreed.', 'Doug Casa, professor of kinesiology at the University of Connecticut and the lead researcher for the Korey Stringer Institute, already has seen many health benefits resulting from the 2011 CBA.', "A leader in heat illness detection and prevention, Casa advised the league and the players' union on establishing practice guidelines during the hottest time of the year.", '"For certain, 2011 was the first real opportunity to make changes since Korey," he said, referring to Vikings offensive tackle Korey Stringer dying from complications due to heat stroke on Aug. 1, 2001 during training camp. At 27, he was the first professional football player to die from the illness. "After the CBA, when they overhauled the heat guidelines, did away with two-a-day practices, modified some heat treatment recommendations, it created a safer environment."', 'Even as coaches praise such developments, they also bemoan all those snaps and blocks and tackles that have disappeared.', '"It\'s cut down on the opportunities to see them in those situations," says Browns first-year head coach Rob Chudzinski, a long-time offensive assistant in the league. "By the same token I think the preseason games are so important as well in that process, but you do ... only get them so many times in pads and hitting anyway. It puts a premium on the reps that they do get."', '"It\'s a level playing field, so there\'s no difference between our team and every other team," Jets coach Rex Ryan says. "But there are other things that you do. I think having opportunity days where maybe at the end of practice you put the ball down and you let the young guys go at it. You\'re going to see them in preseason games as well. That\'s why those games are critical, (as well as) the green-and-white scrimmage. Even if we have to create our own live scrimmage situations, they\'ll have the opportunity to show what they can do."', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']