["The dog days of summer are upon us, but you don't have to put your workout routine on the back burner just because it feels too hot to exercise.", 'Instead of using the heat as another excuse to skip my workout, I get creative with my summertime activities so I can keep up my fitness goals.', "On days when I know it's going to be a scorcher, I set my alarm for an early morning yoga session.", "It's a win-win for me: I get my workout done before it gets too hot and I start my day on the right foot.", 'I love training outdoors whenever possible, but exercising in an air-conditioned gym (or house) is the best way to keep me cool.', "I pick my toughest workout of the week (usually running intervals on the treadmill) to do indoors. I don't even bother attempting them outside in the summer!", "I love a good game of tennis in the summertime, but when it's too hot outside on the courts, I swap my racket for a different type.", 'Racquetball and squash are typically played indoors, so I stay cool while getting in my workout.', "I love running outdoors, but the summer heat doesn't always make it easy for me. When rain is in the forecast, I like to plan my run during the showers. A little rain cools me off, and it's a nice change of pace from my usual super-sweaty runs.", 'Plus, just the thought of running in the rain is fun and exciting, which prevents me from skipping my workout all together!', 'This one might seem like a no-brainer, but exercising in a pool or lake is an instant way to cool off.', "Try a new activity like paddle boarding, check out your local gym for a water aerobics class, or round up some friends for a competitive game of water volleyball. Whatever you decide to do, you'll get a great workout!", "Run through the sprinkler or have a squirt gun and water-balloon fight. When the sun sets, plan a late-night game of flashlight tag. These games are a guaranteed good time. I mean, isn't running around with a big smile on your face the best type of exercise?!", "Spending the day at a water park will keep you cool and active all day long. Play in the wave pools and ride the slides, and you'll keep moving for hours. I promise, it won't even seem like exercise!", 'Have a free morning on the weekend? Plan a mini triathlon for you and a friend, but finish with the swimming part so you can cool off at the end of your workout.', 'Try this: Run for 20 minutes, bike for 30 minutes, and then swim a few laps in your favorite watering hole.', 'Too hot to take a lunchtime walk outside? Take your workout to a nearby mall with air conditioning. Lace up your sneakers and get your heart pumping without overheating!', "Maybe it's a boardwalk near the ocean or just a shady path in a local park. Seek out the least hot places to exercise and become a frequent visitor.", "Stay motivated to exercise once the sun sets by joining a team that meets in the evenings. From softball to kickball to running groups, there's something for everyone.", "When the sun is low in the sky, I like to take an evening stroll around the neighborhood with my husband and dog. It's a nice way for us to get in some exercise when the temperatures aren't as high, and also to relax after a long day."]