["Panthers add depth at LB  by selecting Iowa State's A.J . Klein  in 5th round of NFL draft", "Carolina has selected Iowa State linebacker A.J. Klein in the fifth round of the NFL draft.The 6-foot-1, 250-pound Klein shared Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year honors in 2011 with Oklahoma defensive end Frank Alexander, whom the Panthers drafted in the fourth round last season.Klein can play all three linebacker positions, although his specialty is middle linebacker.He was named first-team All-Big 12 in each of the last two seasons by the conference's coaches. He had 117 tackles in each of the past two seasons, along with two sacks, two interceptions and a touchdown return.Carolina's starters appear to be set at linebacker with Luke Kuechly in the middle and Jon Beason and Thomas Davis on the outside, but Klein adds some needed depth....", 'Iowa State quarterback Jared Barnett won the biggest game in school history as a freshman.By the end of his sophomore season, Barnett decided his time in Ames was up...', "Iowa State's program has come to be defined by the fiery, passionate persona of coach Paul Rhoads.The on-field identity of the Cyclones has been forged by seniors Ja...", 'Texas Tech QB Doege learning to forget errors with some help from surprisingly stingy defense', "Texas Tech quarterback Seth Doege is starting to enjoy his short memory.Last year, Doege's interceptions would linger and affect his play. Not anymore. Just last wee...", 'Championship implications and intriguing rivalries pack first pivotal Saturday of season', 'A burgeoning rivalry hits a peak in the SEC, a new rivalry begins to emerge in the Big Ten and Notre Dame and Miami bring an old rivalry to a new setting.The college...', 'Following a tough home loss to Notre Dame, the 14th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners return to Big 12 Conference play as they hit the road to tangle with the Iowa State Cyclo...', "2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: The poster children for the 'hope for the best, but expect the worst' mentality, Iowa State football fans seem to be relatively comfortable in...", 'A pair of teams coming off very different ranked Oklahoma Sooners .Iowa State claimed its biggest win ever last Friday night, as the Cyclones upset then No. 2 Oklaho...', '1 (14) - Star Lotulelei, Utah; 2 (44) - Kawann Short, DT, Purdue; 4 (108) Edmund Kugbila, OG, Valdosta State; 5 (148) - A.J. Klein, ILB, Iowa State; 6 (182) - Kenjon...', 'At St. Petersburg, Fla. Saturday, Jan. 19 EAST1 Cooper Taylor, S, Richmond2 Zac Stacy, RB, Vanderbilt3 Sio Moore, LB, Connecticut4 Robert McCabe, LB, Georgetown6 Kay...', 'The undefeated: Sorting through the contenders, pretenders and potential BCS busters', 'At this point in the season, it looks as if the rest of the country is competing to be the team that plays No. 1 Alabama for the BCS championship in January.The mere...', '(The Sports Network)Round Four:98. Philadelphia Eagles - Matt Barkley (QB, USC); 99, Kansas City Chiefs - Nico Johnson (LB, Alabama); 100. Tampa Bay Buccaneers - Ake...', 'They are usually the heart-and-soul of any defense and hold many hats.Some are adept at getting upfield and being disruptive, others are sideline-to- sideline in the...', 'A pair of Big 12 Conference teams heading in opposite directions face off in Austin on Saturday, as the 19th-ranked Texas Longhorns play host to the Iowa State Cyclo...', "After kicking off the 2012 season with one another, the Tulsa Golden Hurricane and Iowa State Cyclones will close things out as they meet in this year's Liberty Bowl...", 'The longest winning streak in the Football Bowl Subdivision is on the line this weekend in Fort Worth, as the 15th-ranked TCU Horned Frogs welcome the Iowa State Cyc...', 'Panthers address needs by drafting G Edmund Kugbila and LB  AJ Klein, then RB Kenjon Barner', 'The Carolina Panthers closed out the NFL draft by addressing needs at guard and linebacker, then selected another running back.The Panthers stuck to filling areas of...', 'Iowa State recently unveiled a shiny new $20 million football complex that should help the program compete with their much wealthier neighbors in the Big 12.The firs...', 'The Big 12 meets the Big East, as the Rutgers Scarlet Knights are set to take on the Cyclones of Iowa State in the New Era Pinstripe Bowl at Yankee Stadium .Iowa Sta...', 'Alex Singleton scored three rushing touchdowns and Tulsa scored the final 24 points of the game to conquer Iowa State, 31-17, in the Liberty Bowl.Cody Green passed f...']