["Welcome to CNN's Open House, a project that looks at how people decorate every part of their homes. We are now in the third week of the project, looking at beautifully decorated staircases. Keep clicking to see heartfelt decor and inspiring DIY feats!", "Emily Clark's home in Charlotte, North Carolina, has a back staircase which she decorated in a way that communicates love and pride to her children.", "Anisa Darnell's Roswell, Georgia, home came with a huge blank wall along the staircase. She filled it with a collage that is a tribute to her family.", "Jill Hinson's Portland, Oregon, house wasn't a home until she installed this gallery on the stairwell wall. ", 'Christine Price put 250 hours of hard work into the staircase of her Edwardian home in Manchester, England.', "Jenna Burger's Saratoga Springs, New York home had dated carpet on the stairs that she could not stand. But now that the staircase is redecorated, she often thinks about what it took to make it the way she wanted it.", 'Jacki Poovey and her husband built their Cary, North Carolina, home with a staircase that was deliberately grand and wide, but now they love it for it\'s "lived-in" character.', "Jae Vinson's Atlanta home had a dark, dingy staircase in the back which she used every day. Some paint changed the staircase and Vinson's outlook.", "Victoria Barnes' Philadelphia home was built in 1890, and it needed a facelift. She painted three stories of spindles on her staircase.", "Welcome to CNN's Open House, a project that looks at how people decorate every part of their homes. During our second week of the project, we examined how people decorate their foyers: Keep clicking to see images of their bold decor.", "Emily Clark's bold, striped foyer -- which also functions as a music room -- in Charlotte, North Carolina, is a playful take on formal decor.", 'Linda Weinstein of northern New Jersey loves the sophistication that the chinoiserie pieces bring to her foyer.', "An open floor plan and two adjacent formal rooms could have overwhelmed Erin Cook's foyer in Charlotte, North Carolina, but she choose whimsical wallpaper and a hopscotch rug for a stand-out look.", "Catherine Shireman of Apex, North Carolina, says she's not a fussy designer, so when decorating her two-story foyer, she emphasized the warmth of her carpet and lamps.", "Shannon Smith's foyer in Charlotte, North Carolina, is very small and not well-defined, so she chose a tall painting and an orchid to set her space apart from the living room.", 'Jill Deane\'s "vibrant-eclectic" style continues from her front porch into the foyer of her 1920s home.', "Welcome to CNN's Open House, a project that looks at how people decorate every part of their homes. During our first week of the project, we started right at the front door, on the front porch. Keep clicking to see some welcoming decor!", 'In Portland, Connecticut, iReporter Jill Deane escapes her busy household (she\'s the mother of five) on her porch, she said. "I spend my time reading, rocking and thinking," she said, "a lot of thinking."', 'Farm Fresh Therapy blogger and iReporter Chelsea Mohrman made deliberate use of her limited budget and love of all things vintage when decorating her front porch in Clintonville, Ohio. Most of the pieces were found in antique shops, garage sales and thrift stores, but the coffee table was made by hand out of reclaimed barn wood.', "iReporter Paul Tamasi says he enjoys roughly three hours each day on his rustic front porch in Belvidere, Vermont. It's part of the massive renovation he conducted on his home, turning it into a log cabin with a grand entrance. ", 'iReporter Angela Kuncaitis lives on Maple Valley Farms in Coral, Michigan, and knows how to maximize the charm of farm life. "My porch is all thrifted finds, and I never paid over $50 for anything," said the decorator, event stylist and stager. She recently hosted her daughter\'s prairie-themed wedding, which cost less than $5,000, she said.', 'A cozy spot for tea is how iReporter and photographer Susan Boyle likes to think of her small front porch. Vintage style and an air of romance -- she used colors from her wedding bouquet to dress the porch this year -- greet her as she sips her morning coffee and watches her kids walk off to school, she said.', "(CNN) -- Boy howdy, does the CNN Living team love a house tour! There's just something captivating about walking through a beautiful house, being inspired by design choices and seeing the personal treasures that make a home. And what better place to start a home tour than the front door?", 'Starting this week, we\'re selecting user-submitted photos for the CNN iReport Open House Project. For our debut tour, we\'ve chosen "front porches." Each week, we\'ll feature a different area of the home and learn how homeowners create beautiful spaces. Next week: foyers.', 'Do you have a grand, eclectic or otherwise unique foyer? Submit a photo for the gallery at CNN iReport!']