['All it takes is a few keyboard strokes to produce this festive parade of dinosaurs on Vogue UK and other British editions of Conde Nast publications. Check out which other publications braved the dinosaur attack.', "(CNN) -- Reptiles are the biggest thing on Vogue UK's website right now, but not as boots or bags.", 'With a few keyboard strokes, visitors to the site can watch a parade of dinosaurs in quirky hats flashing across the page.', 'Trust me and try it: Go to the site and type this: up, up, down, down, left, right, left right, b then a as many times as you want.', "Dinosaurs invaded the websites of several UK editions of Conde' Nast publications this week. GQ, Easy Living and Wired each have dinosaurs dressed for the occasion, so to speak: on GQ, a dapper dino dressed in a suit, Nyan cats flying across WiredUK.", 'Who gets the prehistoric style points on this one? Fashion blogs that caught wind of the avatars Monday speculated that they were the result of a hack. A Conde Nast Britain spokesman declined to comment on the prehistoric invaders except to say they "were intended."', "Don't miss out on the conversation we're having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest stories and tell us what's influencing your life.", 'Computer security expert Graham Cluley said the stunt was created using Konami code, an "old cheat-sequence code" that could be used on vintage Nintendo games, but are now considered a meme.', 'But let\'s get back to the hats. Massachusetts-based milliner Sally Steinmann reports that the headwear on the Vogue dinos are "everyday casual style" often used in the fall or winter.', 'They range from a "plush, faux fur cloche in red and gray," to a feathered fedora, and even brimmed-military style caps also make an appearance.', 'Steinmann said she would have loved to see dinosaurs decked in millinery creations more a la Vogue, like Stephen Jones or Philip Treacy, or hats worthy of the Royal Ascot.', "CNN Living reflects your life. From advice for modern parents to the freshest news in food: It's all here.", "A fireplace isn't just a spot to keep logs and kindling. According to decorators and design enthusiasts, it's where you put your heart on display.", 'Nathan Berrong takes us on a tasty tour of the beers that can cool off your summer.', 'Go easy on yourself, let William do his fair share and check under your fingernails! Moms dish on what the Duchess can expect with new motherhood.', 'Every wedding is unique but most planning problems are universal. Experts share insights on how to say "no" gracefully but firmly.', "Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Your choice isn't made in a vacuum under the lights of a fitting room. ", "San Diego Comic-Con is a natural space for talking about harassment in geek culture, says Carrie Goldman, moderator of the con's first anti-bullying panel."]