['After delivering South Carolina\'s biggest win ever, all coach Steve Spurrier could do was smile."I think that this game was meant to be," he said.The way the Gamecoc...', 'Quarterback Tyler Russell knows what will decide the upcoming Southeastern Conference showdown between his No. 13 Mississippi State Bulldogs and the No. 1 Alabama Cr...', 'The top-ranked and defending national champion Alabama Crimson Tide open up SEC play this weekend on the road, when they take on the Arkansas Razorbacks in Fayettevi...', "Cooper catches 2 of McCarron's 4 TD passes as No. 1 Alabama  trounces Tennessee 44-13", "Practicing against the nation's best defense each day apparently is helping Alabama develop a championship-caliber offense.A.J. McCarron threw for a career-high 306 ...", 'Cooper, Yeldon coming of age as No. 1 Alabama  enters toughest stretch of its season', "Alabama's freshman playmakers are coming of age just when the top-ranked Crimson Tide will need them most.Amari Cooper and T.J. Yeldon each scored two touchdowns Sat...", 'Vols hope to end their recent skid against SEC and Top 25 foes by shocking No. 1 Alabama ', "The Alabama-Tennessee rivalry doesn't have the national relevance as it did in previous decades, but the series still has plenty of meaning to both teams.Longtime fa...", 'A loss last week cost the Alabama Crimson Tide the top spot in the all national polls, and they will attempt to take their frustration out on FCS foe Western Carolin...', 'The marquee matchup of the first week of the FBS schedule takes place in Arlington, Texas, as the second-ranked and defending national champion Alabama Crimson Tide ...', "In the vaunted SEC, it's never too early to talk football.While there's still several months to go before a meaningful snap is taken, the spring games offer fans som...", 'Two of the most storied programs in NCAA history will collide at Sun Life Stadium on Monday night, as the Alabama Crimson Tide and Notre Dame Fighting Irish square o...', 'The starting quarterback is out, the offensive line is in tatters and the opponent apparently is without flaw.No wonder Missouri is a three-touchdown underdog to top...', "Saturday night special: Yeldon's 28-yard TD in final minute leads No. 1 Alabama  past LSU 21-17", "The Mad Hatter kept gambling.This time, Les Miles got burned.Badly.Three high-risk calls, the kind that have gone LSU's way so many times, all came up short against ...", 'A matchup of traditional powers takes ranked Alabama Crimson Tide ranked Penn State Nittany Lions .Alabama, one of the favorites to win the SEC this year, had absolu...', "Despite some lingering euphoria following their 14th national championship, the Alabama Crimson Tide aren't content to rest on their laurels as they gear up for what...", 'A.J. McCarron finished 15-of-21 for 216 yards and four touchdowns, as No. 2 Alabama racked up 42 first-half points en route to a 49-0 demolition of rival Auburn in t...', "For the first time this season, Tennessee's offense couldn't produce. Then again, it hadn't faced a defense like Alabama.Tennessee had scored at least 31 points in e...", 'The second-ranked Alabama Crimson Tide have yet to be tested this season, and they are heavily favored this weekend as the Vanderbilt Commodores come to town for an ...', 'The eyes of the college football world will ranked Florida Gators and ranked Alabama Crimson Tide will duke it out in what promises to be a tremendous SEC battle.Ala...', 'In what appears to be a major mismatch, the ranked Alabama Crimson Tide kick off the 2011 season against the Kent conference affair.The Golden Flashes entered the 20...', 'The second-ranked Alabama Crimson Tide have been truly dominant so far this season, and they will attempt to remain undefeated when they entertain SEC rival Tennesse...']