['Here are 10 stories that might make you feel a little prouder to be an American this July 4th', 'Share your moments of American pride with us on CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter', "Editor's note: This post was created for your reading pleasure as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN.", '(CNN/BuzzFeed) -- In some ways, it has been a pretty tough year for America -- and a year for tough Americans.', 'The year started in the shadow of the Sandy Hook school shooting. Then, the Boston Marathon bombing brought the country to a standstill, followed by a spate of natural disasters and leading into a summer wracked with unsettling details about government spying.', 'But sometimes the lowest moments can bring out the best in Americans. Here are 10 stories from this year that might make you feel a little prouder to be an American this Independence Day.', "If you are reading this on mobile or an outdated browser, you won't be able to see this story in all its glory. Click here instead.", '[View the story "10 stories this year that will make you proud to be an American" on Storify]', "CNN Living reflects your life. From advice for modern parents to the freshest news in food: It's all here.", "A fireplace isn't just a spot to keep logs and kindling. According to decorators and design enthusiasts, it's where you put your heart on display.", 'Nathan Berrong takes us on a tasty tour of the beers that can cool off your summer.', 'Go easy on yourself, let William do his fair share and check under your fingernails! Moms dish on what the Duchess can expect with new motherhood.', 'Every wedding is unique but most planning problems are universal. Experts share insights on how to say "no" gracefully but firmly.', "Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Your choice isn't made in a vacuum under the lights of a fitting room. ", "San Diego Comic-Con is a natural space for talking about harassment in geek culture, says Carrie Goldman, moderator of the con's first anti-bullying panel."]