["As required, Alabama's players whooped it up amid the confetti and fireworks, yet there was something muted about this championship celebration.Turns out, these guys...", "To call Alabama tight end Michael Williams open would have been a stretch.It didn't stop A.J. McCarron from delivering a fastball that must have made lots of Alabama...", 'Still smarting from 1st time, Alabama  takes national title with 21-0 rout of LSU in the sequel', "As required, Alabama's players whooped it up amid the confetti and fireworks, yet there was something muted about this championship celebration.Turns out, these guys...", "To call Alabama tight end Michael Williams open would have been a stretch.It didn't stop A.J. McCarron from delivering a fastball that must have made lots of Alabama...", 'ALABAMA: Second-ranked Alabama took care of business against rival Auburn in a dominating 49-0 win, clinching the SEC Western Division title in the process. It was i...', 'Trent Richardson ran for two scores as No. ranked Florida, 38-10, in an SEC matchup at The Swamp.Richardson had 181 yards on 29 carries while Eddie Lacy and A.J. McC...', 'As the college football regular season winds down, the number of undefeated major programs remains rather high.Six teams still boast perfect records (although 10-0 O...', 'A.J. McCarron scrambled for one touchdown minute span in the third quarter 6.The Crimson Tide, looking ahead to a meeting with No. 1 LSU in two weeks, went to the lo...', 'ALABAMA : In a much-anticipated clash with SEC rival Arkansas this past weekend, Trent Richardson recorded 126 yards on 17 carries and added 85 yards and a touchdown...', "Column: New Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli deftly sidesteps BBC announcer's daft remark", "A glance at the list of men's singles champions at Wimbledon the last dozen years reveals plenty of pleasant-enough looking chaps, though not a single slam-dunk male...", 'Trent Richardson keeps a sign in his apartment emphasizing that he "Never Again" wants to experience another miserable loss like last season\'s Auburn game.Even more ...', 'Wrap up the tailback on the tackle. Knock blockers to the ground. Fly to the ball.They seem like simple directives for a defense. Yet missed tackles plagued Penn Sta...', 'The 2012 season is about a month and a half away and although there are 120 full-time members in the FBS ranks, there are only a handful of legitimate contenders for...', 'College football award fever has begun as the watch lists for numerous postseason awards have been released this week. Just getting on a list puts a player in rarifi...', 'Alabama coach Nick Saban called his team\'s Capital One Bowl romp over Michigan State "a first-class performance from start to finish."Chances are, he wouldn\'t use th...', "The 2011 college football season finished with a pair of prolific passers sitting atop the NFL's list of future stars. Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III went first ...", "The 2011 college football season finished with a pair of prolific passers sitting atop the NFL's list of future stars. Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III went first ..."]