["A helicopter tour of the tornado disaster zone around Joplin, MO offers a terrifying display of nature's power. NBC's Al Roker reports", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', ', tonight where throughout this region we are feeling kind of dangerously exposed, a kind of cruelty of this weather pattern and a double-edged sword. first of all, this was the first good clear day since the big tornado for equipment both large and small and people to come back in and look at the task ahead of ', ", where easily a third of the city is gone. some 2,000 buildings. but the problem is daytime heating. it's like a terrarium as cold air comes from the upper plains and rockies, believe it or not storms are firingi ioff tonight to our west and south. more on that in a moment. we had an uptick in the number of dead today. it stands right now at 123. again, countless people have been injured and it's still too early totally that up. this tornado in ", ' brought the total number of people who have died in tornadoes in our country this year so far to 488 souls. 50 deadly tornadoes have touched down in the ', " announced today he will visit this city on sunday. we have a look at conditions here. beginning our coverage tonight from nbc's ", '. and the numbers are staggering. more than 1,000 homes destroyed. hundreds of businesses gone as well.', " tornado. from the ground it's pretty terrible. from the air, it's hard to believe when you look and see the swath of damage.", '1,000 feet up you can see how this town of 50,000 was changed in an instantment.', 'rescuers search for survivors. the emotional toll almost too much for some to bear.', "at this mobile e.r. unit commander mark forbes says so far there's only been a trickle of patients to treat.", '. what we believe is people with minor injuries are just taking care of themselves at home because they believe all the facilities are overwhelmed.', ', with everything they have gone through over the past few days and actually for the past few weeks has been something that, to me, has been happening.', "for this family the task of sifting through what's left of the home is made easier by the support of friends.", " ever being the same, but there is so much relief help pouring in that, i don't know, maybe the town will recover.", 'imagine that. we have to cling to that. a basic question has to do with your line of work. this weather seems so cruel that we are watching the skies again. why is this happening?', " to the north. lots of warm air coming in, cold air from the plains and we've got it again tonight. "]