["Stewie the shih tzu-Brussels griffon mix belongs to Cynthia Rodriguez, CNN.com editor for Latino audiences. He's 6 years old and not fond of headbands.", 'Rodriguez also has a 15-year-old Central American ornate wood turtle named Boogie.', 'CNN.com\'s senior tech director Ian Moraes, loves his beagle mix, Angel, because, "she is a sweet, loyal, playful friend and best dog that we have ever had," he said.', 'CNN.com senior associate producer Jacque Wilson lives with Artemis, named after the Greek goddess of the hunt. "Unfortunately, she does a lot more sleeping than hunting," she said.', 'Wilson also lives with Calypso, named for the character in "The Odyssey." "She\'s just as good at holding people hostage," Wilson said.', 'CNN.com producer Ann Hoevel\'s Pembroke Welsh corgi, Belvedere, thinks he\'s too good for kibble, she said. "He thinks he can convince me to feed him my food if he ignores his kibble long enough," she said. ', "CNN research analyst Kara Bryant rescued her chihuahua-pug mix (or chug), Bridget, during one of the company's Turner Volunteer Days. ", 'This is Charlie, CNN.com writer Ashley Fantz\'s 2-year-old French bulldog-Boston terrier mix, also called a Frenchton. "He\'s named after Charlie Sheen," she said, because she got him when Sheen was having his meltdown, "but also goes by Charlie Tuna or Mr. Poops."', 'CNN.com writer Ann O\'Neill\'s cat, Mickey, has always shown spunk, she said. When she adopted him, "he rode home on my head," she said. "In a BMW convertible. With the top down." ', 'Daniel Jeremiah France is the Chihuahua dog-son of Lisa France, the senior producer for entertainment for CNN.com. "I love that he is so smart that he keeps himself on a schedule," she said. "He even tucks himself in the bed at night!"', 'CNN.com Schools of Thought editor Jamie Gumbrecht shares a home with "two-and-a-half pitties." Karl and Emma were litter mates rescued as puppies. Their "little brother," Eugene, was rescued years later, and although he looks like a pit bull, he never topped 30 pounds.', 'Felix, an American short hair cat, lives with Nnedike Ugoji, a member of the CNN digital marketing team. "He has such a great personality," she said, "and always looks like he\'s up to something."', 'This is Gus Williams, German shepherd and family pet of Kimberly Jones from the CNN digital marketing team. "He\'s both outdoorsy and pampered," she said of the dog, who goes on special hikes with other German shepherds and tags along on weekend spa getaways with his owners.', 'Lupee, a cairn terrier who belongs to CNN.com senior product strategy analyst Matt Henesy, has a confusing approach to the game of fetch, he said.', 'Maddux, the Cavalier King Charles spaniel, is owned by CNN.com video associate producer Karol Brinkley. "He loves to cuddle and be around people," she said. "There\'s no better place for him than in someone\'s lap."', 'This Great Dane-mixed-with-other-stuff is Mikey, the constant companion of CNN.com video producer Jarrett Bellini. "Mikey loves to go for car rides," he said. "He loves them so much, in fact, that he barfs pretty much every time."', 'Mister Friendly sort of adopted CNN.com DXG user experience lead Robert Hamberger. "When he showed up in our house and decided to stay, we formulated a complicated plan to give him a name tag with a URL, so the owners could follow his exploits and contact us," he said. "Ultimately we found the owners, and they let us keep him!"', 'CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin never owned a dog before she adopted her pug, Pugsley, who she also calls "killer." Not only does he think he\'s a person, she said, but his "two favorite words are \'ice cream!\'"', "CNN.com's Todd Leopold shares his home with Queenie, a cat with a decidedly feminine outlook on life. ", 'CNN.com Health producer Ashley Hayes says her cat is youthful for her 16 years. "She\'s very busy and doesn\'t have much spare time," she said, "but when she does, she is an expert at seeking out patches of sunlight."', 'Ron, the black Labrador and Penny, the springer spaniel, belong to CNN National Desk assignment editor Stephanie Gallman. "They are wild and quirky, but loveable pups who love living at the beach, going swimming, chasing tennis balls and going on car rides," she said.', 'CNN.com custom content producer Katie McLaughlin is the proud pet owner of S\'More the cat. "S\'more was rescued from a fire as a newborn," she said. "She is adorable but always ready to attack."', "CNN.com user experience architect Sophia Voychehovski's cats Zeek, the stripey cat, and Szary, the gray cat, clearly love to help her with her work.", "Zoila is CNN.com mobile senior associate producer Callie Carmichael's self-conscious beagle.", 'Americans will spend more than $55 billion on pets in 2013, an industry group says', "(CNN) -- It's National Pet Week and Be Kind to Animals Week -- yes, our fuzzy overlords are so powerful, they now get simultaneous celebratory weeks.", 'Whether fluffy or smooth, scaly or wet, here are some facts about our animal friends, by the numbers.', '55.53 billion - The estimated number of dollars to be spent on pets in the United States in 2013.', '63.2 - The percentage of pet owners surveyed in 2011 who considered their pets members of the family.', '70 - The percentage of Americans who considered themselves "dog people," according to a 2006 Gallup Poll.', 'Don\'t miss out on the conversation we\'re having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter @CNNLiving or "like" us on Facebook to have your say! Get the latest stories and tell us what\'s influencing your life.', 'Less than 1% - The estimated percentage of dogs and cats in the United States that are covered by pet insurance.', '14 - The average number of dollars spent annually on veterinary care for pet birds.', '75 - The maximum number of years a parrot is likely to live. Types of parrots include macaws, cockatoos and lovebirds.', "56 - The percentage of dogs in the United States that sleep in bed with their owners. For cats, it's 63%.", 'Almost 12 - The number of inches a regular-sized aquarium goldfish can grow after being returned to the wild.', '25 - The number of years microchips will last when implanted in pets. The chips can help recover lost pets.', '5-7 million - The number of pets entering U.S. shelters every year. About half are strays and half are surrendered by their owners.', '12.4 million - The record-setting number of "unique viewers" who watched Animal Planet\'s ninth annual "Puppy Bowl," on February 3, 2013.', '2-4 million - The number of puppies born each year in U.S. "puppy mills," as of 2012.', "7 - The number of states that don't regulate or restrict potentially dangerous captive wildlife as pets, including big cats, large reptiles or bears.", '4 - The number of dollars it cost to buy a "Pet Rock" in 1975, possibly one of the easiest pets to take care of, ever!', "CNN Living reflects your life. From advice for modern parents to the freshest news in food: It's all here.", "A fireplace isn't just a spot to keep logs and kindling. According to decorators and design enthusiasts, it's where you put your heart on display.", 'Nathan Berrong takes us on a tasty tour of the beers that can cool off your summer.', 'Go easy on yourself, let William do his fair share and check under your fingernails! Moms dish on what the Duchess can expect with new motherhood.', 'Every wedding is unique but most planning problems are universal. Experts share insights on how to say "no" gracefully but firmly.', "Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Your choice isn't made in a vacuum under the lights of a fitting room. ", "San Diego Comic-Con is a natural space for talking about harassment in geek culture, says Carrie Goldman, moderator of the con's first anti-bullying panel."]