["Tornado witness: 'There are things that just don't belong' - Video on NBCNews.com", "Survivors of the massive tornado that tore through Joplin, MO struggle to make sense of the devastation they've witnessed. NBC's Al Roker reports. ", 'And this is, of course, now more than any community anywhere should ever be forced to endure. In just the space of the last hour, we have been through a ', ", we've been through pouring, a deluge of rainfall, and now a shift in the wind direction. We're still in the grip of stormy weather here. And of course, what brings us here, 116 souls so far lost in this ", ". That's the death toll so far. Again, all the numbers here locally will likely change. Untold number of injured, and they're hoping for actual rescues. It makes this the single deadliest ", '. We are talking about a storm which at its base was, give or take, about three-quarters a mile across. Reports of multiple funnels coming off the one anvil-shaped storm. It was on the ground, it looks like, for about a six-mile path while it was here, right through ', " and paperwork from this hospital was found upwards of 60 miles from here. That's because the debris cloud went up in the air 18,000 feet, the altitude where some commercial airliners fly. So it was carried at that altitude for several miles. We have a huge team on the ground here, and among those to arrive first for us ", ", who's going to start off our coverage tonight. This is among the most concentrated energy anywhere on the planet.", ". We're talking about hearing sirens, the crack of thunder, the flash of lightning. It has been like this all day. It continues to get worse. The good news is there has been -- there have been some rays of sunshine in that seven people have been pulled from rubble today.", 'So that is good news. But for a long time they are going to be cleaning up. The work is really just getting to -- getting started.', ' raced to the scene. Some using canines trying to find those trapped in the rubble. ', " came through maybe 45 minutes ago. I've personally witnessed injuries and fatalities here, unfortunately, in ", ". We're just going through the neighborhood here trying to figure out if anyone else needs help. There's -- people are just scrambling right now. I want you to kind of take a scope of the -- of the damage. It's just kind of taking my breath away here. Multiple homes, businesses destroyed. Cars that have been flipped and mangled debris everywhere you look. People are trying to just help people out any way they can.", "When we came out it looked like in a war zone. It looked like we'd been hit with a bombed. And so we rushed to the patients. Some of them were on ventilators, but they were all -- some of them were cut up with glass. All the windows in the 12-bed ", ' were all blown out and the ceiling tiles were all down. So we began to mobilize and get the patients out of the rooms.', ". And off in the distance there, beyond the firefighters, they're doing search and rescue right now. We even have fires that are erupting in ", ". It really is an unfolding scene, changes minute by minute. Neighbors are trying to pull -- oh, they just pulled out their dog right -- that is great. They just -- they just pulled a dog, he looks to be OK, out of the house there. That's great news.", ", this bad. But I mean, the trees, look, the bark is stripped from the trees. There are things that just don't belong in...", "'s house. They searched the wreckage hoping to find him alive. As the search for "]