["iReporters take us on their own tour of London's iconic sights. Dario Endara snapped this gorgeous photo of the Houses of Parliament and the Big Ben clock tower at night. ", '"I recommend taking a stroll along the River Thames at dusk when the lights of the city start coming on," Dario Endara said. He captured this view of the Tower Bridge in the evening.', '"My impressions are always the same -- that I am \'coming home\' when I enter London," Jenny Thomas said. "The rich history everywhere you turn from things as simple as buildings, to the museums, shops, parks -- the friendliness of the people, the diverse cultures you can find just from one section of town to the next."', 'Alexander L. Popof captured this photo of a beautiful autumn day in Hyde Park. "I just needed a break from work in L.A., so I flew to London for five days," he said.', 'William Hoki took this photo of the National Gallery, including the 2012 Olympic countdown clock in the frame. "The fountains at Trafalgar Square were recently restored with LED lights that gradually change colors. It\'s an amazing spectacle at night."', 'Therese Fitzgerald snapped this shot of Buckingham Palace. "Even on a cloudy day, London still holds onto its romanticism and historical charm."', 'Therese Fitzgerald took this photo of Westminster Abbey. "The history and stories surrounding this beautiful abbey is overwhelming once you step inside. The architecture is breathtaking and it\'s just magical to walk in the footsteps of so many of history\'s legends."', '"I believe [this statue] captures the serenity, solemnness and stateliness of Highgate Cemetery," Kenneth Moy said of his photo. "On one hand it appeared that she had made peace with her loss, while on the other hand her sadness is more than evident."', 'Kevin Kasmai shared this photo of the Tower of London and the Union Jack. "For any Americans looking for their first destination overseas, London is highly recommended." ', 'Linda Wampach took this photo of a ship in a bottle on the empty plinth in Trafalgar Square. "We had never been out of the country before so it was all very different and exciting," she said.', 'Kevin Kasmai shared this photo of Duck Island Cottage and scenic St. James Park. ', "Norman Ko took this photo contrasting the new with the old -- the Millenium Bridge and St. Paul's Cathedral. ", 'Marsha Narowitz snapped this shot of the changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace. "I was standing behind a railing and had a perfect view of the guards. It was wonderful!"', 'Norman Ko captured this interesting perspective he called "architecture rivals art" at the Tate Modern. "We found many affordable or free activities -- walking across the Millenium footbridge, seeing art in galleries or on the street, listening to live music at the Notting Hill Arts Club."', 'Dario Endara captured this moody black-and-white photo of the streets of London. ', 'Kevin Kasmai shared this photo of the Queen\'s Walk, "which is on the south side of the River Thames and leads from Parliament and the London Eye to Tower Bridge, passing St. Paul\'s Cathedral and Tate Modern museum."']