['As Valentine\'s Day approaches, we explore all of Paris\' glittering allure. "During a visit to Paris for work, I took this image from the Louvre courtyard at sunset just before a storm moved in from the east," iReporter Frank Childress said. ', 'Bob Graham captured this stunning view of the Eiffel Tower at sunset from the top of Montparnasse. ', 'Kyle Mercury captured a perfect moment while a young tourist was feeding the birds outside Notre Dame. "I chose this particular one because I feel it represents the pure joy and wonderment that comes from spending time in such an amazing city."', 'David Culp shared this serene view of Notre Dame at night. "I came upon this scene just as the lights began to illuminate the most famous cathedral in Paris."', '"The Montmartre neighborhood has nurtured many French artists over the past century and is now a big tourist destination with many night clubs, stores and restaurants," Kevin Kasmai said of his photo. "In this photo, it is lit up for Christmas."', 'David Hetzler snapped this shot of the Arc de Triomphe while taking an evening stroll during his time in the city. "The beauty of it at night is impressive."', 'Lisa Homstad shared this photo of the Medici fountain in the Jardin du Luxembourg. "I came home from Paris wanting to put flowers in all of my windows. Between that, the trees and beautiful buildings, it felt like a garden-village that just went on and on."', 'Gary Hill captured this interesting perspective while on a home exchange vacation. "Those quiet moments in the early morning, just soaking in the soul of the city, are my favorite memories of the trip. One morning I looked down and saw this reflection on the cafe table and taking the picture has allowed me to reflect on those wonderful memories over and over again."', 'Robert S. Ondrovic shot this photo of "a street performer outside of Notre Dame who was juggling batons that were on fire on a beautiful summer evening at midnight." The long exposure caused the juggler to appear transparent.', '"It was almost counterintuitive to shoot this in black and white because the music hall is just alive with vibrant color, but I think it is very striking to the contrasts created by the absence of color," Bennett Fellows said of his photo.', 'Bob Graham, a retired American Airlines pilot, took this photo of Sacre Coeur during one of his 40 trips to Paris. ', 'Kevin Kasmai captured this intriguing view of one of Notre Dame\'s gargoyle statues overlooking Paris. "Paris is probably my favorite city in the world. In terms of architecture, places to see, things to do, it\'s a top destination in my book."', 'Jeremy La Zelle took this "dreamy" photo of the River Seine. "Located within stylish and elegant Paris, the River Seine evokes a grand feeling of nostalgia and romance."', 'Carolyn Breathed snapped this shot of the French military raising the flag the day before Bastille Day. "It was really thrilling to finally see the French flag flying proudly under the Arc de Triomphe."', '"Visiting Paris for the first time, my wife and I stopped in a gift shop near the Eiffel Tower, where these brightly colored souvenirs caught my eye" Thomas Toerpe said of his photo. ', 'Kevin Kasmai snapped this photo of curious onlookers taking in the "beauty and mystery" of the famous Mona Lisa painting at the Louvre. ']