['Two icons of autumn -- corn and colorful leaves -- make a beautiful scene in Barre, Vermont.', "Cindy Schultz took her convertible on this Kettle Moraine, Wisconsin, road, hoping to see some fall color. She wasn't disappointed!", 'The Cherohala Skyway in Tennessee and North Carolina provides an unparalleled view of autumn color in the Cherokee National Forest.', "Jason Asselin captured this photo of Wisconsin's fall color while on a leaf-peeping trip with his motorcycle club. ", '"The leaves make the entire landscape shine," said Neeraj Narayan of these golden trees in Beaverton, Oregon.', 'Stephan Ferry and his dog, Java, enjoy the yellow leaves of fall in their Whitefish, Montana, backyard.', 'The forest canopy of Kettle Moraine, Wisconsin, features daubs of nearly every fall color.', 'Gorgeous trees fill a Robbinsdale, Minnesota, neighborhood with colorful leaves. This autumn "has been one of the most vibrant I\'ve ever seen," said Thomas Reiner, who lives here.', 'Dark orange and red fall leaves provide a dramatic contrast to the green grass in Walden, Vermont. ', 'This forest of yellow trees shows why people come to Vermont for the autumn leaves.', 'Colorful trees show up beautifully against the blue waters of Hallstatt, Austria.', '(CNN) -- Mark Collier grew up in the mountains of Vermont. Every autumn, he would see an influx of tourists flood his state to get a glimpse of the brilliant fall leaves. He didn\'t get what the big deal was. "Why do people come to look at the trees?" he wondered.', 'But as he got older, he developed an interest in photography. And that made him stop taking the vibrant autumn color for granted.', '"I suddenly began to notice the stunning colors that seemed to blanket the hills in fire each fall as the days got shorter and the nights became colder," he remembers. "Slowly but surely, as I gained experience and insight, I began to really understand what a special place Vermont is, and I began to fall in love with my home and the stunning colors."', 'Collier is now a staff photographer for the Barre-Montpelier Times Argus. This year, he decided for the first time to document the fall beauty of his state.', 'He shared his images alongside dozens of other photographers on CNN iReport. The best of his shots, along with other images of autumn around the world, are in the gallery above.']