['reason Kenya gave for sending troops into  Somalia  days later. Speaking in Madrid, MSF information" on where the women were held in  Somalia  or by whom. He said the 2011 abductions, which occurred even as  Somalia  was suffering from a  famine  that killed more than 250,000 people ', 'beyond ABC News. In 2011, he was the first American journalist to report from Mogadishu, where he covered the devastating  famine  in East Africa, taking viewers on a harrowing 100-mile trek from  Somalia  to food and freedom at refugee camps in Kenya. That effort earned him a prestigious Murrow award. David has a true talent ', "government in the last 22 years that  Somalia  was in a difficult era. We remain 1.4 million displaced people within  Somalia , and another 1.4 million refugees the horrors of the refugee crisis from  Somalia 's  famine  less than two years ago when tens of ", "peak of 4 million during last year's  famine , and progress is being on other fronts few months, regional African forces in  Somalia  managed to push the Islamist militant agencies during last year's devastating  famine . A joint international naval mission off the Horn of Africa has nearly put  Somalia 's 21 st century pirates of business ", 'Berlin and Moscow, and during those tours he reported on the fall of communism, the tides of war in the Middle East, the  famine  and U.S. military intervention in  Somalia , and a great many other stories. In 1993 he returned stateside to work for Peter Jennings as Foreign Editor of World News ', 'ABC News Recognized with Five Edward R. Murrow Awards - More Than Any Other Network', 'Hard News Category for Reports on the  Famine  in  Somalia  It was announced today that ABC News Reporting Hard News - "A Cry For Help:  Famine  in  Somalia " In July 2011 "World News with Diane the hope of escaping the devastating  famine  and drought. When the second wave of the disaster hit  Somalia  in September, Muir returned to the ', 'have been learned from last year\'s  famine  in East Africa" - where the response correspondent to report on last year\'s  famine  from Kenya in July. "World News" weekend network anchor to report from inside  Somalia  - the epicenter of that crisis. Viewers out how they can help the refugees in  Somalia  by visiting ABCNews.com/help .', 'PLOT Two Danish brothers originally from  Somalia  were arrested late Monday on suspicion of them had been to a training camp in  Somalia  run by the Islamist militant group al-Shabab mismanagement as well as natural disasters. A  famine  in the 1990s killed an estimated hundreds ', "from South Sudan during the country's historic referendum vote and contributed to ABC's news coverage of the 2011  Somalia Famine . Before this position, Hughes was an associate producer for ABC News' Investigative Unit, where she helped produce ", 'made ABC the first U.S. network on the ground covering the  famine  in east Africa. Hasan was one of the first reporters on the ground to cover the drought and  famine  in  Somalia  and the refugee crisis in Dadaab, Kenya. That same year she ', 'Weekend Editions of "ABC World News" Grow in David Muir\'s First Full Year as Anchor', 'earthquake and tsunami. In August 2011, Muir was the first American anchor and correspondent to report from Mogadishu,  Somalia  on the  famine . His team came under fire traveling through Mogadishu reporting on the fight to get aid to refugees in desperate need ', 'Abdiwahab/AFP/Getty Images) As the months of drought and  famine  drag on in the impoverished Horn of Africa, some heroes are the Horn of Africa." The Justice League is ready to fight  famine . (DC Entertainment) According to the World Bank\'s latest 3 million people in urgent need of humanitarian aid across  Somalia , Ethiopia, Kenya and Djibouti, and aid agencies have not ', "of the global market. AL SHABAB SHUTS DOWN RED CROSS IN  SOMALIA  From Bazi KANANI: Upset about what it calls false accusations The ICRC is one of few aid agencies operating in southern  Somalia , the hardest hit area of the  famine  and one of the world's most dangerous places for aid workers ", 'the United Nations plans to declare a  famine  in parts of  Somalia  is also region just ravaged by war and of drought have devastated neighboring  Somalia  and Islamic terrorist groups that needed on set off on the grueling trek from  Somalia  with his wife mother and four children ', "had sixty years. And tomorrow the United Nations plans to declare a famine in parts of Somalia is also region just ravaged by war and terrorism so. It's time to -- Here's ABC's llama Hasan with our report a ", 'The major development out of  Somalia  where their wrestling of course with the greatest  famine  in generation. As we showed you first hear they are also wrestling with militants who have blocked aid in Mogadishu. Tonight ', 'The major development out of Somalia where their wrestling of course with the greatest famine in -- generation. As we showed you first hear they are also wrestling with militants who have blocked aid in Mogadishu. Tonight ', "good evening and as you know we come back to  Somalia  because this  famine  is worsening and it's not just a hunger it is spreading fast. We flew back into  Somalia  and straight into a  famine  that is worsening there are now more than ", "way to human misery on a scale that defies comprehension. The feminine Somalia threatens an entire generation of east Africans. With starvation and now. Deadly disease ABC's David your first traveled there over the summer tonight He is back. Cynthia good evening and as you know we come back to Somalia because this famine is worsening and it's not just a hunger here. So many of the children across this country are now fighting something else an outbreak of measles and as we discovered it is spreading fast. We flew back into Somalia and straight into a famine that is worsening there are now more than two million children acutely malnourished. Which is why so many are now calling this ", "front lines of this unfolding crisis in  Somalia  they're calling it the children's half a million refugees fleeing war and  famine  in  Somalia . That refugee camp now the size of Oklahoma it who walked with three children from  Somalia  to Kenya by foot to find food. And media ", "yet it's now absorb nearly half a million refugees fleeing war and famine in Somalia . That refugee camp now the size of Oklahoma City. So many people here mothers each one a warrior for the survival of ", 'president said he is sending troops to  Somalia  because America is the only country equipped a human disaster there. The people of  Somalia . Especially the children you need our will be dealt with The outlaw elements in  Somalia  must understand it. This is serious business ', 'at the White House. The president said he is sending troops to Somalia because America is the only country equipped to avert a human disaster there. The people of Somalia . Especially the children -- you need our help. The president said the mission will be strictly humanitarian. Not to impose a political solution but simply to deliver -- More than a dozen other countries also will send troops and the president warned that any warlords are bandits who tried to interfere will be dealt with -- -- The outlaw elements in Somalia must understand it. This is serious business. We will accomplish our mission and he promised US troops will not get bogged down. ', "Long Will it take for US forces to set up base in Somalia how much Somali territory will they need to control. How -- stay ABC's Bob Zelnick is at the Pentagon. If the Pentagon sticks to plans laid down today relief could Begin flowing to some of Somalia is neediest people within ten days. Early next week Marines now aboard the carrier Tripoli will move ashore. Clearing Mogadishu's port and its main roads of armed gangs the Marines will also secure the airfields at Mogadishu's -- Baidoa in central Somalia . Committing transport planes from Camp Pendleton and Fort Drum carrying the main US combat units to -- US forces then planned to ", 'To keep things under control. The US hopes to work cooperatively with Somalia -- private army possibly even paying down deep to -- most dangerous weapons. Powell and Cheney said that -- threatened US forces ', "people are going hungry. In Ethiopia  Somalia  Kenya and the head of the World Food Program said this  famine  could claim an entire generation and stretch that long painful journey from  Somalia  here to the refugee camps in Kenya a that's a sign of how deep. The  famine  is right yeah okay it. It's like it's given me from yellow coming from  Somalia  she was walking here. Coming here maybe ", "Africa where more than eleven million people are going hungry. In Ethiopia Somalia Kenya and the head of the World Food Program said this famine could claim an entire generation and that part of the world. Last night we told you about the 100 mile trek parents are making to get food for their children. And tonight ABC's David Miller is the only American anchor on the scene He traveled with some of those families on the harrowing. Last ten Miles Davis. Diane good evening and this is it the final ten miles on that stretch that long painful journey from Somalia here to the refugee camps in Kenya. So many families of the loved ones behind on this route they were simply too ", "seven year old for a that's a sign of how deep. The famine is right yeah okay -- it. It's like an upset if they -- they can just skip to the nutrients they need ", "return trip to Africa as we stay on this story the greatest  famine  in a generation. In  Somalia  the hunger has now brought a second disaster measles. We've many BUN refugee team uses satellite maps to keep track.  Famine  and now disease and yet we find children still smiling still ", "return trip to Africa as we stay on this story the greatest famine in a generation. In Somalia the hunger has now brought a second disaster measles. We've reported here on the 24 cent solution to shop the measles vaccine ", 'so many BUN refugee team -- uses satellite maps to keep track. Famine and now disease and yet we find children still smiling still counting. ']