['Thank you, ginger. The heat is compounded by the  drought . We got startling news about the fire that killed the hot 1,000 more fires this year than last year at this The  drought  along with high temperatures have increase the fire danger ', 'Thank you, ginger. The heat is compounded by the drought . We got startling news about the fire that killed the hot shot fires. That fire moved faster thanny fire ever clocked in ', 'been 1,000 more fires this year than last year at this The drought along with high temperatures have increase the fire danger across the midwest. Residents are finally returning to their homes after the fire ', "history. The favor behavior we're seeing right now is what we would typically be seeing in august and september. Reporter:  Drought , sizzling temperatures and high winds are creating extreme conditions across the entire west. Those same conditions led to ", 'is what we would typically be seeing in august and september. Reporter: Drought , sizzling temperatures and high winds are creating extreme conditions across the entire west. Those same conditions led to the inferno 2 1/2 ', 'stop allowing its right by buyer officers had to feel about Alan. That would stand out do you remember Alex renters beware  drought  to open but what was your favorite by the way. I mean others is based on the pictures yeah. It was the thirtieth what was ', 'about Alan. That would stand out do you remember Alex renters beware drought to open but what was your favorite -- by the way. I mean others is based on the pictures yeah. It was ', 'Important thought it sound like old. Worthwhile When they arrived in Tanzania the country was in the third year of a brutal  drought . People were starving. And dying. Many of them were children. And having seen champion Floyd is simply had to do something ', 'in Tanzania the country was in the third year of a brutal drought . People were starving. And dying. Many of them were children. And having seen -- champion Floyd is simply had to do something ', 'Wait for it. Wait for it. Bang. Andy murray is the first british man to win wimbledon in 77 years. The great british  drought  is over. Murray stunned by his achievement barely knew what to do with himself. Brits have been waiting since 1936 for it ', 'first british man to win wimbledon in 77 years. The great british drought is over. Murray stunned by his achievement barely knew what to do with himself. Brits have been waiting since 1936 for it. ', 'And as we showed you earlier, that  drought  speeding acss the coury tonight. Well, in some places, like soaring demand for u.S. Beef from around the world, while that  drought  is wiping out the feed, making it very expensive to raise cattle ', "And as we showed you earlier, that drought speeding acss the coury tonight. Well, in some places, like the southwest, it is so severe, it's driving up the cost of ", 'on soaring demand for u.S. Beef from around the world, while that drought is wiping out the feed, making it very expensive to raise cattle. So what do we do? Tips from grills all over ', 'event. Is solely by climate change.  Droughts  and fires and floods. May go back Midwest farms were parched by the worst  drought . Since the dust bowl and then drenched communities seeking the help to prepare for  droughts  and floods. Reduce the risk of wildfires ', 'warmest year in our history. Midwest farms were parched by the worst drought . Since the dust bowl and then drenched by the wettest spring on record. Western wildfires scorched an area of larger than the ', 'on a new water development bank. As long. As a long running drought cost jobs and forced to town and trucked in water. From the outside. New York City is fortifying its 520 miles of ', "people were killed. Hurricane sandy's tab? 65 billion.  Drought  and heat waves, another $30 billion. Fighting the black the planet's natural balance. Creating more heat waves,  drought , and intense downpours. A stormy and expensive reality ", "to $110 billion. 377 people were killed. Hurricane sandy's tab? 65 billion. Drought and heat waves, another $30 billion. Fighting the black forest fire here in colorado has already cost more than $10 million. And that doesn't even count the cost of more than 500 homes that burned to the ground. Scientists say human-caused climate change is already helping shift the planet's natural balance. Creating more heat waves, drought , and intense downpours. A stormy and expensive reality, that's already on our doorsteps. Clayton sandell, abc news, colorado springs. ", "strong, erratic winds that shifted directions unexpectedly. It's hot and bone-dry. 75% of arizona is suffering severe  drought  or worse. grant McKee, 21. Reporter: Overnight, this community remembering the lives of those 19 experienced firefighters ", "directions unexpectedly. It's hot and bone-dry. 75% of arizona is suffering severe drought or worse. grant McKee, 21. Reporter: Overnight, this community remembering the lives of those 19 experienced firefighters lost. Robert caldwell, 23. Reporter:21-year-old ", "fire. The erratic nature of the fire behavior yesterday is dangerous, really dangerous. Reporter: Pair that with a severe  drought  and 100 degree temperatures and you've got all the ingredients for a perfect storm. Ginger zee, abc news, congress, arizona ", "behavior yesterday is dangerous, really dangerous. Reporter: Pair that with a severe drought and 100 degree temperatures and you've got all the ingredients for a perfect storm. Ginger zee, abc news, congress, arizona. ", "the way to arizona and the rest of the west? The worst possible situation, hundreds of record high temperatures, amazing  drought  through the area. Look at that little area of high pressure. That's hope for easing in the temperatures but not for a couple ", "the west? The worst possible situation, hundreds of record high temperatures, amazing drought through the area. Look at that little area of high pressure. That's hope for easing in the temperatures but not for a ", 'jump over buildings just like this sometimes even much higher taller than this one. It happened right here in Chicago at the  drought  tolerant on Wednesday according to police. Three guys somehow made its way into the trump tower all the way up to the 92 story ', 'taller than this one. It happened right here in Chicago at the drought tolerant on Wednesday according to police. Three guys somehow made its way into the trump tower all the way up to the ', "forest areas like this. But scientists say it's also made a lot worse by climate change. Climate experts blame extreme  drought  and global temperatures running hotter than average every single month for 28 years straight. Research shows wildfires are ", 'also made a lot worse by climate change. Climate experts blame extreme drought and global temperatures running hotter than average every single month for 28 years straight. Research shows wildfires are already burning bigger and ', "and forced state prison officials to move 900 inmates out of the fire's path. These fires are aggravated by interested and  drought . Dry brush like this is turned into super fuel. The fires are bad for people but also wildlife. This baby deer was rescued ", "out of the fire's path. These fires are aggravated by interested and drought . Dry brush like this is turned into super fuel. The fires are bad for people but also wildlife. This baby deer was ", "months to come, we're in for extreme heat and  drought . Though, in the meantime, everyone is still in the pacif north. Don't expect extreme  drought  in the southwest to improve.  Drought  conditions will get worse from florida to texas ", "believe in the months to come, we're in for extreme heat and drought . Though, in the meantime, everyone is still weighing in on the contest, how cold is it? And here is our submission tonight. ", "heat. Below normal temperatures linger in the pacif north. Don't expect extreme drought in the southwest to improve. Drought conditions will get worse from florida to texas, noaa says, and, from one extreme to another, river flooding along the mississippi, missouri and ohio rivers expected to be worse this year than last. With areas like fargo, north dakota, expecting one of the worst flood seasons ever. There is some good news in this spring outlook for the southeast, because the wet last few weeks, they're starting spring with no drought issues at all. But 51% of this country, most of it in the west, remains in dwight, either extreme all the way ", "through that stuff it's some fire crews surrounded. Three dozen departments in all are fighting these fires fueled by historic  drought  conditions and relentless winds on the ground and by air as red. They should actually hole before it's too late. We just ", "Three dozen departments in all are fighting these fires fueled by historic drought conditions and relentless winds on the ground and by air as red. They should actually hole before it's too late. We just ", "pray to get hit by tropical storm that's exactly what's been happening here. Now tropical storm probably won't be a  drought  buster. But it is a good start Josh Wright ABC's gotten with the very latest again has gone barrels towards Texas.", "what's been happening here. Now tropical storm -- probably won't be a drought buster. But it is a good start Josh Wright ABC's -- gotten with the very latest again has gone barrels towards Texas. ", "how scientists link  droughts  to global warming stories lately about  droughts  and related wildfires around the world  drought  in California parched dropped. They've been  drought  throughout history but has been linking these  droughts  to manmade global warming ", "this week's nature's edged notebook bill Blakemore. Reports on how scientists link droughts to global warming. You may have noticed many stories lately about droughts and related wildfires around the world drought in California parched Argentina. Worst drought in half century in China. Death and Australia's worst fires African dropped. They've been drought throughout history but so many at once and around the world. Not much American reporting has been linking these droughts to manmade global warming and other climate scientists are. This may -- because weather forecasters sometimes say -- of course you can't blame any one weather events say anyone drought on global warming. That's a little misleading. Scientists don't say there is no linked to global warming just that no weather event ever happens for any one reason. Weather's always complex and more and more influenced by global warming. What scientists do say is that these droughts fits the general pattern long predicted for global warming for droughts to become more frequent or more intense. They use the phrase consistent with the David east -- of the National Climatic Data ", 'how scientists link  droughts  to global warming stories lately about  droughts  and related wildfires around the world  drought  in California parched weather events say anyone  drought  on global warming do say is that these  droughts  fits the general pattern ', "this week's nature's edged notebook bill Blakemore. Reports on how scientists link droughts to global warming. You may have noticed many stories lately about droughts and related wildfires around the world drought in California parched Argentina. Worst drought in half century in China. Death and Australia's worst fires Africa drought . They've been drought throughout history but so many at once and around the world. Not much American reporting has been linking these -- to man made global warming and other climate scientists are. This may -- because weather forecasters sometimes say of course you can't blame any one weather events say anyone drought on global warming. That's a little misleading. Scientists don't say there is no link to global warming just that no weather event ever happens for any one reason. Weather's always complex and more and more influenced by global warming. What scientists do say is that these droughts fits the general pattern long predicted for global warming for droughts to become more frequent or more intense. They use the phrase consistent with the David -- of the National Climatic Data Center ", 'are being supercharged by extremely dry trees and terrain.  Drought  has parched the entire west. Nearly half of new mexico is suffering the driest conditions you can measure.  Drought  may be driving a huge spike in cases of something called valley ', 'temperatures. The flames are being supercharged by extremely dry trees and terrain. Drought has parched the entire west. Nearly half of new mexico is suffering the driest conditions you can measure. Drought may be driving a huge spike in cases of something called valley fever. First, winds kick up fungus spores from dry part ']