['winds, waves and the occasional  hurricane . Cautious vacationers listen to  weather  reports regularly to make sure evacuate ahead of an approaching  storm . In August 2011,  Hurricane  Irene closed the only road across ', 'winds, waves and the occasional  hurricane . Cautious vacationers listen to  weather  reports regularly to make sure evacuate ahead of an approaching  storm . In August 2011,  Hurricane  Irene closed the only road across ', "The oppressively hot  weather  in the Northeast has surprised operations chief at the National  Weather  Service's prediction system behind the hot dry  weather  started moving east to extending the Northeastern  heat wave  an extra day or so until ", "triathletes and mountain climbers feeling not too cold and not too hot, couldn't it work for a commuter facing an East Coast  heat wave  and an arctic office? You have probably been there, too: You go back and forth from the sidewalk to the inside cafe, Main ", 'winds, waves and the occasional  hurricane . Cautious vacationers listen to  weather  reports regularly to make sure evacuate ahead of an approaching  storm . In August 2011,  Hurricane  Irene closed the only road across ', "Singapore and Rome. Friday's stunt, an expansion of last year's ice cream promotion, comes in the midst of a sticky  heat wave  in New York City and elsewhere. Last year, people in seven U.S. and Canadian cities could use the Uber app to summon an ", "Singapore and Rome. Friday's stunt, an expansion of last year's ice cream promotion, comes in the midst of a sticky  heat wave  in New York City and elsewhere. Last year, people in seven U.S. and Canadian cities could use the Uber app to summon an ", "Singapore and Rome. Friday's stunt, an expansion of last year's ice cream promotion, comes in the midst of a sticky  heat wave  in New York City and elsewhere. Last year, people in seven U.S. and Canadian cities could use the Uber app to summon an ", "daughter says he has improved after fears he has been close to death for weeks with a lung infection. 2. WHEN RELIEF FROM US  HEAT WAVE  IS COMING A cold front is moving south today from Canada, but the Northeast and Midwest won't see temperatures out of the ", 'A cross-country  heat wave  is buckling highway pavement in several states, exacerbating emergencies like broken water mains and making dangerous work more ', "straightforward. Obviously with the  weather  conditions, it's playing ball this week. And the  weather  looks good. The course requires solid contact in any  weather , which might explain why only to end a zero-for-16  drought  in the majors. Rose is trying ", "Weather  forecasters warned of potentially as the nation's largest  heat wave  of the summer stretched out according to the National  Weather  Service. Humid air just made strapped to her waist. Since the  heat wave  began, she said she has been ", 'I\'m not British, the crowds treat me extra special." That may be in part because Garcia, a golf prodigy once nicknamed " El Nino ," has been a force on Europe\'s Ryder Cup team for more than a decade and played his first British Open as a 16-year-old ', "from Minnesota to Massachusetts, as the nation's largest  heat wave  of the summer stretched out and stagnated, with relief in many places still days away. The National  Weather  Service says most states in the U.S. were expected to ", 'It seems Queen Elizabeth II is getting a bit impatient as she waits in a rare British  heat wave  for the birth of her third great-grandchild. The queen said Wednesday she hopes the former Kate Middleton gives birth soon ', 'tanker trucks to provide water. Amid a  heat wave , residents are left finding creative quarter of the country is experiencing a  heat wave  and temperatures across the country are average 10 degrees hotter than normal. A  heat wave  coupled with humidity made even more ']