['Here we are in the midst of summer. Some of us have emerged from a  heat wave , others surely face another. The desire is strong to get wet - be it crowded beach, urban bathhouse or the corner fire hydrant ', "Forecasters say Tropical  Storm  Dorian is moving across the remains far from land. The  storm 's maximum sustained winds kph). The U.S. National  Hurricane  Center in Miami says it is moving Atlantic at 20 mph (32 kph). The  storm  is centered about 615 miles ", 'because they can help keep floodwaters from  storm  surge at bay. "What remains of these of coastal land loss. "The increased  storm  surge risk resulting from the extensive Corps of Engineers has built following  Hurricane  Katrina in 2005, according to the suit ', "A new  tropical depression  has formed in the eastern to soon become a tropical  storm . The depression's maximum The U.S. National  Hurricane  Center in Miami says it's forecast to reach tropical  storm  strength later in the day ", 'forecasts of milder, wet  weather  as the crop enters its crucial Midwest was hit by a severe  drought . "Last year we were dealing with  drought  and that trumps everything but it\'s certainly not  drought ." Wheat and soybean futures ', 'dead and 213 missing, due mainly to unusually wet summer  weather , the government said Sunday. Floods this year have struck people, according to the Office of State Flood Control and  Drought  Relief Headquarters. The headquarters said landslides have ', 'A  tornado  packing 110 mph said. The EF1  twister  hit about 3 the National  Weather  Service in Cleveland damage. The  storm  caused an external broken windows.  Weather  service photos years since a  tornado  has touched down ', 'Moore say students whose schools were destroyed in the deadly May  tornado  will attend classes next month in a refurbished junior high school with the name of one of the children killed on May 20 when the  tornado  slammed into the school.', 'The Social Climber: Andrea Antonelli Killed in Crash at 2013 Supersport World Championship', "events, the AP reported.  Tornado  Rocks Ohio's Ursuline College A  twister  ripped through Ursuline that reached 110 mph. The  tornado  touched down at about 3 Comeaux of the National  Weather  Service in Cleveland told ", 'Tajimi has one of the hottest temperatures in Japan, but gets snow in the winter, allowing mechanics to study what  severe weather  does to cars. Toyota, which makes Lexus luxury models and the Camry sedan, has sprung back from the recall disaster ', 'Springs," said U.S. Forest Service spokesman John Miller. The fire was still far from extinguished, however. The  thunderstorm  helping douse the flames could also bring lightning, wind and flooding, said Miller, all hazardous conditions for fire ', 'authorities were able to lift evacuation orders for several communities. The fire was still far from extinguished, however. The  thunderstorm  helping douse the flames could also bring lightning, wind and flooding, said Miller, all hazardous conditions for fire ', 'completing his second round because of  weather  delays Thursday and Friday. It was seen how Annandale is affected by a  thunderstorm  that dropped heavy rain Saturday Annandale has a history with rainy  weather . The entire tournament was cancelled ', "The National  Weather  Service says a  tornado  of 110 mph winds has hit the campus on the college's website that the  tornado  hit about 3:45 a.m. Saturday damage. The school website said the  storm  also damaged several other buildings ", 'condition in the past that has definitely caused big firestorms and the death of citizens and firefighters," Lindbery said.  Storm  cells approached the area Friday afternoon but dissipated before reaching the fire zone. But the threat would remain on Saturday ', 'poles and flooding parts of the famed Strip. The National  Weather  Service says that a 71-mph wind gust swept through nearby lightning. Rain fell throughout the Las Vegas Valley and a  flash flood  warning was in effect for the area until 10 p.m. Clark ', "spending more time in the sun and trying to beat the hot  weather  .  Heat Wave  Triggers 'Hyperthermia Alert' When you're packing heatstroke or heat exhaustion. Ice Cream On-Demand,  Heat Wave  Promos According to the CDC, it is recommended that ", 'sweaty from his performance when he\'s outside. Making matters (and paparazzi photos) worse, his rep added, "There\'s a  heat wave  in London." When asked if there is any chance that the photograph could indicate that there was something wrong with Radcliffe ', 'About the Best iPhone and Android  Weather  Apps for Surviving the Summer Leave and save some dough. In Photos:  Heat Wave  Grips U.S. 1. Free Workouts From degrees or above. Reference the " heat wave  promotion" at the front desk of New ']