['The first big  heat wave  of the summer is here director Jeff Masters of  Weather  Underground says expect relief by Saturday. 1.  HEAT WAVE  HIGHLIGHTS Temperatures in A ball hit during the  heat wave  could fly 15 feet farther ', 'including the unpredictable  weather  around the blaze and the the erratically changing  weather  before they were forced word of heavy winds from a  thunderstorm  moving into the area as fleet and the dangerous  weather  conditions at the time ', 'Ariz., including the unpredictable  weather  around the blaze and the exact times received word of heavy winds from a  thunderstorm  moving into the area as the fire firefighting fleet and the dangerous  weather  conditions at the time. Jim Paxon ', 'including the unpredictable  weather  around the blaze and the the erratically changing  weather  before they were forced word of heavy winds from a  thunderstorm  moving into the area as fleet and the dangerous  weather  conditions at the time ', 'The smoldering heat slamming the Northeast has triggered a hyperthermia alert in Washington, D.C., where residents are being urged to find air-conditioning and drink plenty of water. The alert, issued just before noon today, was triggered by a 96-degree heat index, a measure of heat...', 'and immediate evacuation and closure of the venue due to  severe weather  forecasts. No strangers to NYPD overzealousness, audience park, and surrounding neighborhoods to wait out the " storm " and learn whether the show would go on. Alex Anwandter ', 'An injured Mariah Carey performs 4 songs for MLB-Superstorm Sandy benefit in Central Park', 'An injured Mariah Carey performs 4 songs for MLB-Superstorm Sandy benefit in Central Park', "A powerful  typhoon  surged across northern coastal province.  Typhoon  Soulik disrupted trees uprooted by the  storm  from streets and 101 mph) winds the  typhoon  had boasted on making ports. China's  weather  service warned of ", 'A  dust storm  temporarily grounded some flights out of Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and knocked out electricity to about 2,000 customers ', 'A  dust storm  temporarily grounded some flights out of Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and knocked out electricity to about 2,000 customers ', 'A  dust storm  temporarily grounded some flights out of Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and knocked out electricity to about 2,000 customers ', 'A  dust storm  temporarily grounded some flights out of Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and knocked out electricity to about 2,000 customers ', "of the arrival of  Typhoon  Soulik, the first Taiwan's Central  Weather  Bureau said at 4 northeastern Taiwan. The  typhoon  has winds of 173 Taipei at midday. The  weather  bureau forecast heavy the center of the  storm  will make landfall ", "approached the runway for landing in cloudy and rainy  weather , but fell short, spokesman Edward Sarait told The Associated while landing at Colombia's San Andres island during a  thunderstorm . Local police said the lone fatality was a 73-year-old ", 'earthquakes and lost a home to  Hurricane  Sandy. I know how all-consuming that the 2013 Atlantic  hurricane  season will be "above suggestions that might help you  weather  the disaster. Have a carry with you. Help! A  Hurricane  Wrecked My Credit Consider ', "Southwest likely created the perfect  storm  that trapped and killed 19 experienced of the state's monsoon season, a  weather  phenomenon that brings lightning strikes of Arizona is suffering from severe  drought  or worse. Complete List of Names of ", "euros ($26 million) in cash into the country from Switzerland, the official's lawyer said. 4.  Heat Wave  Torments Western States The  heat wave  in the western U.S. is the worst in years with locations in the Southwest seeing temperatures upward ", 'truck weighed. At that time, the area was experiencing  severe weather . The local weigh stations were closed. Moving Express that was open, to get the truck weighed. Due to the  severe weather  Mrs. Rammell expressed that she did not want to drive ']