["Beach New Jersey native Mike McLaughlin turned his camera to these now ersatz versions of themselves in the months after the  storm  wreaked havoc on the state's shoreline. Union Beach Photographed at night and in the early morning hours, McLaughlin used ", "Bruno) AccuWeather Chief:  Tornado  Warning Science 'Is Not following the devastating  tornado  that hit its community earlier week, the head of a major  weather  forecasting service told an hour or more before a  tornado  strikes. http://abcn ", 'the devastating  tornado  that hit its community head of a major  weather  forecasting service or more before a  tornado  strikes. "We expect warning for the  twister  that devastated to improve NOAA  weather  forecasting and ', 'Powell told authorities that he had decided take an impromptu midnight camping trip with the boys -- in the midst of a  winter storm  -- the night his wife vanished. Powell says that he returned home to find his wife gone and has claimed that his wife ', 'the exact moment an E-F5  tornado  tore through the building as afternoon as the monstrous  twister  tore through Moore, Okla each other as the devastating  tornado  ripped the roof from the building Inside Oklahoma School After the  tornado  passed, teachers and students ', "after the devastating  tornado  that tore through Moore READ MORE: 22 People  Weather Tornado  in Bank Vault Of the 24 leveled in Monday's E-F5  tornado . Their ages ranged from in Dramatic Photo The  storm 's youngest victims were ", 'individuals affected by the tornadoes and  severe weather  in Oklahoma had registered for assistance took a direct hit from a powerful  tornado  on Monday, said the residents of the  tornado  ravaged towns in Oklahoma need help ', "How to Help The  storm  has been categorized the most powerful  tornado  as measured by the Fujita  Tornado  Intensity Scale the scale ranks a  tornado 's power based on 2007, the National  Weather  Service began using ", 'destroyed when an EF-5  twister  with winds of at least FULL COVERAGE: Oklahoma  Tornado  Each grade at Briarwood schools had practiced  tornado  drills but neither had said. PHOTOS: Oklahoma  Tornado  Levels Towns "We\'re above-ground and below -round  storm  shelters that offer near ', 'Ball Trophy. 5. Okla.  Tornado  Upgraded to Rare EF-5 The National  Weather  Service concluded the mammoth  tornado  that destroyed countless Enhanced Fujita Scale of  Tornado  Intensity.', 'PHOTOS: AP Photographer on Capturing Kids Rescued From Tornado -Ravaged Okla. School', 'Ogrocki saw the  tornado  warnings for didn\'t run into a  storm  shelter or take approaching  twister . "We had advanced following a  tornado , May 20, 2013 the National  Weather  Service said that Monday\'s  tornado , which killed ', 'familiar. A  storm , following speeds for a  tornado  ever recorded of another  tornado  "as strong the National  Weather  Service. A recent  tornado  probability published by  Weather  Decision Technologies during the 1999  twister , said the ', "the two-mile wide  tornado  that tore through this Victims of Oklahoma  Tornado  For many the news was at school when the  storm  hit Monday, but for path of Monday's  tornado , which the National  Weather  Service gave a preliminary ", "Susan Powell Case Still Open: Police Believe Husband, Brother-in-Law 'Directly Involved in Her Disappearance'", 'Her husband told authorities that he had taken an impromptu midnight camping trip with the boys -- in the midst of a  winter storm  -- the night his wife vanished. Josh Powell, 36, said that he returned home to find his wife gone and continued ', 'After a massive  tornado  ripped a path of devastating destruction in the future." CLICK HERE for more  tornado  coverage Fassler emphasized the importance afraid or that there won\'t be another  tornado  or some other bad thing. "You need ', 'Oklahoma where a mammoth  tornado  carved a trail of destruction Anchor David Muir , ABC News  Weather  Editor Sam Champion , Meteorologist reported on the historic EF-5  tornado  that killed 42 people in experienced the devastating  tornado . Programming details for ', 'causes of the  tornado  outbreak unpredictable  weather , meaning is making  weather  more unpredictable dollars.  Hurricane  Sandy - October 2012 The  storm  that destroyed Joplin  Tornado  - May 2011 Southwest  Drought / Heat Wave  - Spring Extended  drought  conditions ', 'The  tornado  that hit Oklahoma about the  storm  and its aftermath strong as the  twister  that struck Oklahoma. The  tornado  was at least strength of such  weather  patterns effectively  weather  this kind The last  tornado  that hit this ', "OKLAHOMA UPDATE:  TORNADO  KILLS AT LEAST 51 survivors of a devastating  tornado  that ripped through path of Monday's  tornado , which the National  Weather  Service gave a preliminary receive updates on the  storm  damage and response "]