['Students from schools destroyed in  Oklahoma tornado  will go to classes in junior high, church', 'A boy who survived the killer tornado that ripped through Moore, Okla. , has been mauled to death by a dog while staying at the home of a family friend The boy, whose name was not released by police, was staying with Lynn Geiling, 50, of Jessieville on Sunday while his parents were in Moore', "with no purchase necessary. Plus, a portion of this week's sales are being donated to The Salvation Army to the  Oklahoma tornado  relief effort. (Eat well and do good!) Entenmann's For the third year in a row, Entenmann's will donate ", 'When a violent storm ripped across Oklahoma and leveled the town of Moore with a devastating EF-5 tornado, one group of storm watchers was not ducking for cover. They were taking pictures. Tornado tourists, brought by the vanload to the central plains during high tornado season, skirt the perimeter', 'like our lives just kind of halted." READ MORE:  Oklahoma Tornado  -- Before and After Images The morning of May 20 hasn\'t destroyed our house," Gosh said. For Full  Oklahoma tornado  coverage, click here. Velasquez drove to his neighborhood ', "Your look at the five biggest and most buzz-worthy stories of the morning. 1. Jolie's Aunt Dies of Breast Cancer Days After Op-Ed Angelina Jolie's aunt died of breast cancer less than two weeks after the actress revealed in a New York Times op-ed that she underwent a double mastectomy as a", 'forward to recovery. PHOTOS:  Oklahoma Tornado  Levels Towns "People here pride able to save a lot of lives."  Oklahoma Tornado : How to Help With children\'s fire station. INTERACTIVE:  Oklahoma Tornado : Before And After Images Prior ', 'Almost one week after a deadly tornado swept through Moore, Okla., President Obama will travel to the Oklahoma City area to survey the storm damage as the community handles recovery efforts. Obama will meet with families affected by the storm and thank first responders dealing...', 'in Oklahoma City. For full  Oklahoma tornado  coverage, click here. Students Associated Press. RELATED:  Oklahoma Tornado : Before And After Images The three years ago." WATCH:  Oklahoma Tornado : Stories of Heroism and Bravery ', 'an effort to enact temporary tax relief for victims of Hurricane Sandy.And possible congressional action to help  Oklahoma tornado  victims could provide the lawmakers with a legislative vehicle. Among their proposals: Homeowners within the Sandy ', 'While some hunkered down in a school bathroom or in a bank vault, others took shelter in their homes. RELATED:  Oklahoma Tornado : Before And After Images Sarah and Shane Patterson saved and struggled to buy their home in Moore three years ago ', 'Six adults remain unaccounted for after the devastating tornado that tore through Moore, Okla., Monday, killing 24 people and destroying as many as 13,000 homes, officials said today. Authorities are working to determine whether the missing adults are buried in the rubble or simply "walked off,"', 'Seven members of a Guatemalan family are among the 18 victims of Oklahoma?s second tornado to hit th', 'More than 100 people were injured and at least 13 killed as five twisters tore through central Oklahoma.', 'Storm killed team that for years had captured video for TV viewers and weather researchers.', 'Paws animal shelter provides home for storm victimized pets, allows owners to find lost animals.', 'Hero teacher, a survivor of the  Oklahoma tornado , recalls the moments the tornado hit.']