['the clock to respond to natural disasters, from the  Joplin tornado  to Hurricane Sandy, helping Americans recover and the clock to respond to natural disasters, from the  Joplin tornado  to Hurricane Sandy, helping Americans recover and ', 'said the residents of the  tornado  ravaged towns in Oklahoma or any place, you\'re one  tornado  away from being  Joplin  [ Missouri ] ," Cole said. "I don\'t stand up to an F4 or an F5 [ tornado ] ," he added. Cole said ', 'the fierce  tornado  that demolished her  Joplin , Mo., home anniversary of the  Joplin tornado  -- the deadliest Survivors in  Joplin Tornado  Crystal Whitley bathroom when the  tornado  hit her  Joplin  neighborhood Terrifying  Tornadoes  A good Samaritan ', "The  tornadoes  that struck the Midwest And it's not just  tornadoes  that wreak this kind few links between  tornadoes  and climate change least 45 people.  Joplin Tornado  - May 2011 NOAA rates the  Joplin tornado  as the single most homes from Arkansas to  Missouri . The flooding cost ", 'Oklahoma Tornado  Kills at Least 51, Including 20 Children, as Death Toll to Climb', 'survivors of a devastating  tornado  that ripped through Moore again under the threat of  tornadoes . People in northeast Texas even a chance of isolated  tornadoes . More than 50  tornadoes  ravaged the Midwest this weekend ripped through the city of  Joplin , Mo., killing 158 people ', 'Politics of FEMA: Mitt Romney Suggested Less Federal Involvement, Paul Ryan Budget Scrutinized', "You've been a chief executive of a state. I was just in  Joplin , Mo. I've been in Mississippi and Louisiana and Tennessee communities dealing with [disaster] , whether it's the  tornadoes , the flooding and worse. FEMA is about to run out of money ", 'handling a massive hurricane or  tornado . How would Romney handle FEMA debate took place soon after a  tornado  devastated  Joplin ,  Missouri  and other communities, and the time, under strain after  Joplin , it appeared that FEMA would ', "example, while sitting on the set of an MSNBC TV program as a guest commentator watching the 2011 post- tornado  memorial in  Joplin Missouri , I was moved by the speakers' emphasis on the sense of togetherness. For example, Reverend Aaron Brown ", '22, 2011, a single EF-5  tornado  - the highest classification 6-mile-wide path through  Joplin , Mo., killing more than before the EF-5 tore through  Joplin  last year, twisters had mostly York and Steve Osunsami in  Joplin , Mo., contributed to this ', 'President Obama returned to  Joplin , Mo., tonight, one year after a monster  tornado  leveled the town on high the world," Obama said at  Joplin  High School\'s 2012 commencement And yet, the story of  Joplin  isn\'t just the story of ', 'Obama Defends Bain Attacks, Reverse Robin Hood, Afghanistan Take-Aways (PM Note)', 'Recalling  Joplin  - In a few hours, President Obama will give a commencement address to high school students in  Joplin ,  Missouri . Use the sliderule to see what the high school looked like one year ago after the  tornado  - http://abcn.ws/J8M77R Things We Learned Today ', "will address the 2012 graduating class of  Joplin  High School Monday night at the school's address comes almost one year after severe  tornadoes  devastated the  Missouri  town. Obama visited  Joplin  on May 29, 2011 to view the damage and ", "issues and challenges in their communities. Last year in  Missouri , Facebook users tracked down and returned treasured families who thought they'd lost everything in the  Joplin tornado . In Japan, people used Facebook to locate family and ", "in last based. in  Joplin Missouri . When the  tornado  struck Kyle Howard with lot bulldozed after the  tornado . Just look at what a difference guys are about rebuilding  Joplin  together they're from  Missouri  Louisiana California. again just about everybody in  Joplin  is voluntary Antonio get several times since. The  tornadoes . Beautiful people they ", "could look up bus driver -- -- of the big events in Joplin Missouri was safe are your friends of extreme makeover home edition. -- neighborhood torn apart by the devastating tornado just a few months ago is being rebuilt. In just the -- -- You're their last weekend in solvents and we were there -- Josh and I am fluent hours after the tornado hit that town. So we were able to see all sides -- it is something you just don't wish on anyone losing ", "For seven families who lost everything in last based. -- -- in Joplin Missouri . When the tornado struck Kyle Howard with the jobless firefighter working as a first responder. As the hours ticked by He didn't know the fate ", 'On the eve of the one anniversary of that monster  tornado  that leveled the city.  Joplin Missouri  is mercy hospital this new video from inside the building as that storm struck agency as an empty waiting area. just torn to shreds ', 'On the eve of the one -- anniversary of that monster tornado that leveled the city. Joplin Missouri is mercy hospital -- this new video from inside the building as that storm struck agency as an empty waiting area. -- ', "producing a whopping eighty  tornadoes  in just 44 hours hit  Missouri  again gutting homes. in overnight. And instability in  Missouri  as many as 25 people suffered minor injuries when a  tornado  hit several businesses and homes. Here in  Joplin  the recovery process from strip of Europe in downtown  Joplin  here's a city before ", 'line of storms that came roaring through here producing a whopping eighty tornadoes in just 44 hours hit Missouri again gutting homes. -- in Kentucky and Indiana it flipped mobile homes ripped the roof off of homes. Clearly there has been ', 'Walking around  Joplin  tonight is just an ominous was one of the deadliest  tornadoes  in the history of the United before dinner the town of  Joplin Missouri  was hit witness. What we now know the deadliest US  tornadoes  since 1953. Molester  tornado  some residents would give ', "Walking around Joplin tonight is just an ominous experienced this is -- blasted landscape mile after mile of it. The trees sheared off with tremendous violence houses torn apart and crushed. Cars wrecked as far as the eye can see. And the storms are still coming that night -- I'll just open up and the rains -- down drenching the ruins. This was one of the deadliest tornadoes in the history of the United States more than a hundred souls have been lost and ABC's Josh Elliott. Spent the day in this devastated community with the first responders. Searching. Or survivors. Last night just before dinner the town of Joplin Missouri was hit witness. What we now know the deadliest US tornadoes since 1953. Molester tornado some residents would give -- up to 24 minutes warning. Don't start aren't here but with the tornado traveling nearly 200 miles an hour not nearly enough time. -- -- -- At this convenience store you can hear children screaming -- their mothers. Chaos as the tornado The tornado -- to swap one mile bike for miles wide. All yelling and there's a tornado right in front of at saint John's hospital they declared a condition -- Patients' relatives and staff instructed to leave their rooms ", 'was an incredible weekend of  tornadoes  seventy of them in seven states after yet another destructive  tornado . In this the deadliest season ground zero for a line of  tornadoes  that killed more than 300. And now at least a 116. Dead in  Joplin . Are we imagining it or actually more  tornadoes  this year. The answer is ', "It was an incredible weekend of tornadoes seventy of them in seven states and so many people have been asking the same question is this -- this is the evidence of a kind of preview of life under global warming and so -- have a lot. Went -- to find some answers. Shocked and awed by nature. This is crazy. You know mrs. The -- -- war zone Tony Evans is helping his friend cleanup today in Minneapolis after yet another destructive tornado . In this the deadliest season in 58 years. We would -- errors were granted. -- America's history and -- back. Hit by the Big Three tornado outbreaks of 20111. Mid April 24 people die in North Carolina. Then Tuscaloosa Alabama later that month ground zero for a line of tornadoes that killed more than 300. And now at least a 116. Dead in Joplin . Are we imagining it or -- -- actually more tornadoes this year. The answer is -- dramatic yes 1000 and counting so far compared to 500 an average year. And these are the deadly -- fifty killer tornadoes so far this year more than double the normal twenty. This year has really been just the perfect year for tornadoes . Climatologist Heidi Cullen writes about global warming and says well climate change has increased humidity levels and can be blamed for a general increase in extreme weather. Science cannot specifically point to climate change for this hyper deadly tornado season. More extreme events like flights were extreme and that's like droughts -- waves. Wildfires those are our phenomenon that we we very much expect to see. More of as we move into warmer world still we don't know whether -- not tornadoes are to be lumped into that extreme weather. We just don't have enough data to really make that case. So what is the weather reason for this year's tornado -- -- colder than normal temperatures off the Washington Oregon coast. Jets streaming into hot humid gulf air in the south and midwest. Meteorologists call -- La Nina in tornado -- some just call it nature's payback. Jim Avila ABC news New York. ", 'devastation from the  Joplin tornado  in April. But Oh yeah. The  tornado  touchdowns for time to leave  Joplin Missouri  reeling even in tiny Macon  Missouri . I was really Jobs. In rural  Missouri  over the next thousand jobs in  Joplin  which goodness because of the  tornado . Is a wonderful ', "It is so hard to forget those images of devastation from the Joplin tornado in April. But the rebuilding has begun. And apple one company bringing jobs and job and it seemed headed overseas. Has just one of the success stories highlight of my former President Clinton at his job summit in Chicago this week. He explained ABC's Jake Tapper how can work for the rest of the country to. Oh yeah. The tornado touchdowns for just twenty minutes but. That was enough time to leave Joplin Missouri reeling even weeks later we got under the mattress. Here in the hallway now -- Hinman who survived by crouching with his ", 'Over the weekend seventy  tornadoes  in but what happened here in  Joplin  was certainly the worst all. And. The mile wide  tornado  struck at dinnertime. Always Judy Bart. Watch as the  tornado  touches down at the massive  tornado  did destruction. Up to path destroying 75%. Of  Joplin Missouri  in just. Ten minutes listen ', "they didn't have very much warning at all. And. The mile wide tornado struck at dinnertime. Always given me a big big big -- -- -- Wrapped in rain. It was difficult to -- but it filled the entire sky leaving behind what looks like a war zone street Judy Bart. Watch as the tornado touches down at the massive tornado did -- destruction. Up to 200 mile an hour winds ripping a four mile path destroying 75%. Of Joplin Missouri in just. Ten minutes listen to this chilling video from inside a convenience store as the tornado hits you can hear the windows being sucked out. And the horror inside. This morning the aftermath. Homes completely demolished business is "]