["with an official from the  Federal Emergency Management Agency  in order to obtain a  FEMA  subcontract at an inflated price. In January, the former  FEMA  official, Timothy W. Cannon supervising the firm's  FEMA  contract. Cannon's conduct ", 'abcn.ws/13YessJ (Jack Date, Michael Falcone, Jonathan Karl) APNewsBreak:  FEMA  Denies Aid to Texas for Blast- The  Federal Emergency Management Agency  is refusing to provide additional money to help rebuild the small Texas town where ', 'aid in the community\'s  recovery  efforts. But as the community president was accompanied by  FEMA  Administrator Craig Fugate red tape" could hinder  recovery  efforts in the wake of the the ability to get the  FEMA  funds in here quickly and ', 'Inhofe to make clear that  FEMA  stood ready to continue to response phase as well as the  recovery , and to let the Senator As of this morning,  FEMA  has more than 400 personnel registered for assistance with  FEMA ." WHAT WE\'RE READING ', 'FEMA  Funds, Insurance Expected to Provide Some Relief to Homeowners Who Lost Everything', "businesses during the  recovery  process. Spry said trailer provided by the  Federal Emergency Management Agency  ( FEMA ), then with their financial assistance from  FEMA 's individual and supposed to register with  FEMA . They came out the ", 'city website, saying, "We\'ve found that the  FEMA  requirements and their interpretations seem to be not a set funding source just for safe rooms,"  Federal Emergency Management Agency  Director Craig Fugate said. Alabama is the only ', 'American Red Cross works closely with the  Federal Emergency Management Agency  to respond to more than 70,000 natural website, working hand-in-hand with the  Federal Emergency Management Agency . Ninety-one cents of every dollar donated ', 'the people of Oklahoma," Boehner said repeatedly in answer to questions from reporters. So far, the  Federal Emergency Management Agency  has about $11 billion in its disaster relief fund and a final tallying of the cost of rebuilding parts ', 'rescue and the hard work of  recovery  and rebuilding that lies ahead Staff Alyssa Mastromonaco.  Federal Emergency Management Agency  Director Craig Fugate was on Joe Biden, Napolitano and  FEMA  Deputy Administrator Richard ', '1 billion, according to The Wall Street Journal. President Barack Obama announced on Tuesday that  Federal Emergency Management Agency  ( FEMA ) funds would be made to support efforts in the area. 5. The tornado was estimated to be between a ', 'situation and treat the wounded. My administration, through  FEMA  and other agencies, is in close contact with our state any federal resources needed to aide in response-and- recovery  efforts, a White House official told ABC. LIVE UPDATES ', 'homeowners in compliance," said Pat Forbes, who oversees disaster  recovery  in the administration of Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana Inspector General, including additional controls to ensure  recovery  funds are used properly," said Jerry Brown, a spokesman ', "as well as limited Coast Guard operations and cuts to  FEMA  disaster relief. The Department of Housing and Urban Development a few other administrative programs related to economic  recovery , according to CRS. Delayed Tax Returns . ABC News' Devin ", 'director of the  Federal Emergency Management Agency  and the author of the Katrina  recovery  that were about to officials at  FEMA . Directing what going off. And so  FEMA  gives regardless received since from  FEMA . Maybe the most ', "Michael Brown the former director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the author of a brand new book is called deadly indifference. The perfect political storm mr. brown joins us from Denver Colorado today and thanks for being here. And I want to dive right into this because you've got some really tough things to say about. The bush team in your book at one point you you may -- you make the accusation that Karl Rove himself was micromanaging. Search in this and rescue efforts in New Orleans with the implication that this was about politics at some level is that true was it was Karl Rove actually involved and what were -- aspects of the Katrina recovery that were about politics. Oh absolutely and it's amazing to me that there. You guys shouldn't be surprised by the Jonathan your ", "storm not to wait and start making safety preparations now joining us now. Is the administrator of  FEMA  the  Federal Emergency Management Agency . Craig if you no it's busy time for you cracks thank you for spending a benefit with us right now ", "start making safety preparations now joining us now. Is the administrator of FEMA the Federal Emergency Management Agency . Craig if you -- no it's busy time for you cracks -- thank you for spending a benefit with us right now ", 'destined to be the most costly  natural disaster  in American history. Last Red Cross along with the  Federal Emergency Management Agency  has set up hundreds of shelters homes are now destroyed. One  FEMA  official in New Orleans today ', "go into their native language originally. The Red Cross along with the Federal Emergency Management Agency has set up hundreds of shelters where they're providing food and medical assistance. At some point however the focus will shift from rescue and relief efforts. To the enormous job of building temporary housing. For the thousands of people whose homes are now destroyed. One FEMA official in New Orleans today say they're now starting to scope out dry land on which to place temporary home. They might ", 'on deaf years. The  Federal Emergency Management Agency  failed. It every level catastrophe hits. Unless  FEMA  is ripped down and rebuilt funding has damaged  FEMA  beyond repair. It calls Says it also doubts  FEMA  can avoid the pitfalls ', "Hurricane Katrina -- calls for help fell on deaf years. The Federal Emergency Management Agency failed. It every level individual corporate Philanthropic and governmental we failed to meet the challenge that was Katrina. No -- seven month senate investigation has concluded the same thing happened when the next catastrophe hits. Unless FEMA is ripped down and rebuilt from the ground up. That makes promises from -- as new chief that the agency is ready for the next hurricane season a little more than a month away ring hollow. They give you my personal -- That we are going to be ready regardless of the size of storm this picture. According to the Associated Press the new report says -- leadership in the past and inadequate funding has damaged FEMA beyond repair. It calls for congressional oversight over budget -- staffing -- direct communication with the president in a crisis. And yet another overhaul for the Department of Homeland Security -- -- parent agency. There's an increasing urgency -- get something dawn. Congress' investigative arm the GAO. Says it also doubts FEMA can avoid the pitfalls of the past. The senate report also recommends other less dramatic changes to FEMA . Like a plan to care for pets in disasters and more encouragement to citizens to evacuate. My ankle that he ABC news ", "you He is the director of the  federal emergency .  Management agency FEMA  and Craig we just heard from have to get people ready how is  FEMA  prepared and ready. What we've that's always cracking gate with  FEMA  thank you very much we certainly ", 'Washington is -- if you -- He is the director of the federal emergency Management agency FEMA and Craig we just heard from bill read any set prepare for the worst what exactly does that mean you. That means ', 'Hurricane Katrina left millions of Gulf Coast residents homeless or displaced to other communities.  FEMA  the  Federal Emergency Management Agency  established trailer parks designed as temporary homes. But three years later thousands of people still ', 'left millions of Gulf Coast residents homeless or displaced to other communities. FEMA the Federal Emergency Management Agency established trailer parks designed as temporary homes. But three years later thousands of people still live there. A new survey found depression ', "evening I spoke with Mike Brown the director of the  Federal Emergency Management Agency  he's coordinating disaster relief. Of a dozen Red Cross. I asked about the discrepancy between  FEMA  has estimate of the number of people at the convention ", "Earlier this evening I spoke with Mike Brown the director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency he's coordinating disaster relief. Of a dozen federal agencies and the American Red Cross. I asked about the discrepancy between FEMA has estimate of the number of people at the convention center and the mayor's estimate. One -- you was wrong matching the "]