['say Lew is meeting with Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras and will later on Sunday meet  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  at the Acropolis Museum.  Samaras  is due to visit the United States in early August, where he will meet President Barack Obama ', 'say Lew is meeting with Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras and will later on Sunday meet  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  at the Acropolis Museum.  Samaras  is due to visit the United States in early August, where he will meet President Barack Obama ', 'German minister met conservative  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  and other senior Greek officials leader Alexis Tsipras accused  Samaras  of trying to help his fellow there in September. "Mr.  Samaras  is acting like a manager for ', 'political test for Conservative  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  since a left-wing party On Wednesday conservative  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  made a televised statement crisis started in late 2009.  Samaras  is due to meet in Athens ', "the governing center-right  New Democracy  party and its Socialist coalition political test for Conservative  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  since a left-wing party with a reduced majority.  Samaras ' 13-month-old coalition ", 'divided over how to handle Greece\'s debt problems without asking their own citizens to pay more. Greek  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  reacted with dismay, saying in a statement today that "Greece has done what it had to and what it had committed ', '17 trillion economy is not easy to ignore. Protests turned violent in Athens in their second day as Greek  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  was seeking approval from parliament on Wednesday for austerity measures to receive needed aid. Meanwhile ', 'the European economy. Protests against Greek austerity measures persisted for the second day in Athens with  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  asking parliament to vote on spending cuts and tax increases. Read More: Stocks Slide After Obama Re-Election ', 'fascist and neo-Nazi. Greek  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , who usually weighs his words the Nazi party in the 1930s.  Samaras  hopes to convince Merkel and destroyed all the Eurozone."  Samaras  and most analysts argue that ', 'has been considering a verdict. He wants more time to start paying down a huge load of debt. New Greek  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  holds talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel today. It could be an awkward meeting. Germany is deeply ', "tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index was trading nearly 0.5% lower. Just before today's arrival of Greek  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  in Germany, where most expect him to ask for an extension to accomplish punishing fiscal targets, the Bundesbank ", "finance minister resigned on Monday after being hospitalized, an unexpected blow to the new government of  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras  as it struggles to manage the country's financial crisis. -CYPRUS BAILOUT...Cyprus, the fifth eurozone ", 'Players from both sides have downplayed the political angle, with Greek striker Georgios  Samaras  (no relation to new Greek  Prime Minister Antonis Samaras ) calling the subplot "a bad thing," and declaring his team were "going to play and ']