["access to U.S. cable and satellite systems. At the beginning of this year, it bought former Vice President  Al Gore 's  Current TV , giving the company access to some 50 million homes initially, and began to set up a network specifically for ", 'Keith Olbermann  is rejoining ESPN to host a late-night show. Olbermann rose to prominence eight years as a prime-time host at MSNBC, and his later tenure at  Current TV  lasted a year before he was taken off the air and responded with a lawsuit ', 'in North Korea In March 2009,  Euna Lee  and  Laura Ling  were working on a documentary Koreans who escape to China, for  Current TV . After briefly crossing from but like in the cases of the  Current TV  journalists in North Korea, or ', '4) Former vice president and environmental activist  Al Gore  has received has received some flack for selling  Current TV  to Al Jazeera. Does the sale bother you? I think we need ', 'Al Qaeda -- or  Al Gore , for That Matter planning to replace the  Current TV  cable network it English programming.  Current TV , founded by former vice president  Al Gore  in 2005, is based owned 20 percent of  Current TV . Al Jazeera says ', 'Al Gore  of  Current TV . (Image credit: Danny planning to replace the  Current TV  cable network it is purchasing own English programming.  Current TV , founded by former vice president  Al Gore  in 2005, is based in San ', "The Arabic-owned news channel Al-Jazeera is buying  Current TV , extending Al Jazeera's reach beyond a few large US largest international news channels. Current cofounders  Al Gore  and Joel Hyatt say Current was built with goals that are ", 'new school in Monroe, Ct. 3. Al-Jazeera Acquires  Current TV  Al-Jazeera has acquired  Current TV ,  Al Gore  confirmed Wednesday, after the Pan-Arab station ', 'host of  Current TV \'s "The host of  Current TV \'s "The Roundtable :  Keith Olbermann , ABC News and host of  Current TV \'s "The and host of  Current TV \'s "The Roundtable :  Keith Olbermann , ABC News ', 'Getty Images Former Vice President  Al Gore  warned in a blog post today that swimming in the storm\'s mess , the  Current TV  founder and environmental activist controversial here," he said to his  Current TV  roundtable-mates. "Obama arrived ', 'excuses for Obama\'s prostrate performance. The most intriguing concept came from former Vice President  Al Gore . Speaking on his  Current TV , the 2000 Democratic presidential nominee asked his audience to consider the geography. "I\'m going to ', 'show, "Joy Behar: Say Anything!" Sept. 4 on  Current TV , and she plans to set herself apart from the army guest: her boss, former presidential candidate  Al Gore , who launched  Current TV  in 2005. "I really want to talk to him about ', 'In other news this morning a slightly stocky  Keith Olbermann  appear on the late show David Letterman. To explain his latest job ouster this time from  current TV  and started out sounding almost contrite in saying he ', 'In other news this morning a slightly stocky Keith Olbermann appear on the late show -- David Letterman. To explain his latest job ouster this time from current TV and -- started out sounding almost contrite in saying he screwed up really big. But then he elaborated saying quote if you ', "this year it's a and target and  Keith Olbermann  obviously has had his. Employment copy of people Is here tonight.  Keith Olbermann  burned more bridges than the arsonist keep had a big is NBC that the  current TV  and all this. he really felt ", "Kimmel was the host this year it's a -- and target and Keith Olbermann obviously has had his. Employment problems let's say the last few months could take a listen to what Jimmy said. I'd like everyone to look on your seats. Under each one you'll find a copy of people -- -- -- Is -- here tonight. Keith Olbermann burned more bridges than the arsonist of Madison -- -- he has more pink slips than Marcus Bachmann. We've -- familiar -- -- he plays Cameron on the show modern family stand up to -- or are you markets. How area. All right funny stuff how to keep had a big -- -- -- is NBC that the current TV and all this. -- he really felt like when Jimmy said it also heated says he voluntarily is not going to that ", "the cable news bad boy  Keith Olbermann  the anchor man both loved former vice president  Al Gore 's liberal cable channel liberal  Keith Olbermann  on  Al Gore 's progressive channel surprising in their watch  Al Gore  war he knew how to handle ", "Another messy break up for the cable news bad boy Keith Olbermann the anchor man both loved and loathed for his on and off air antics he has just think and and this time is a former vice president of the United States of America who gave him the boot and Olbermann is now suing. Collectors have heard a familiar had -- -- over -- as one of the most controversial TV hosts in the country and while he's done -- again this time clashing with the management of former vice president Al Gore's liberal cable channel where he was working. That's right was as in the past tense. Good evening from New Yorkers it seemed like a dream deal liberal Keith Olbermann on Al Gore's progressive channel current. But the countdown to a nightmare. It's surprising in their ", "current. But the countdown to a nightmare. It's surprising in their watch Al Gore -- war he knew how to handle Keith Obermann. Essentially throw in the -- and say. Union current -- don't want happening ", 'journalists by armed North Korean soldiers. Last year  current TV  reporter  Laura Ling  and producer you know only illegally crossed over relentlessly but also learned that I had churning  current TV  and vice president Al sure I consider myself very ', 'capture of two American journalists by armed North Korean soldiers. Last year current TV reporter Laura Ling and producer you know only illegally crossed over to North Korean soil prompting an international incident. Beaten interrogated and threatened for entering ', 'language channel is buying  current TV . The network started by  Al Gore  Al-Jazeera plans to replace  current TV  with its own English news Time Warner is dumping  current TV  because of the deal.', 'a foothold here in the US the Arabic language channel is buying current TV . The network started by Al Gore Al-Jazeera plans to replace current TV with its own English news network. The deal could boost Al-Jazeera -- reach from about five million US homes to forty million. But already Time Warner is dumping current TV because of the deal. ', 'met with  current .  TV  reporters you know And  Laura Ling . The US know Lee and  Laura Ling  were in the know that  Al Gore  had talked co-founder of  current TV . The young work for  current TV . But the rejected  Al Gore  and  Al Gore', 'Well I think they really did want President Clinton I know that Al Gore had talked about being going over there He is the co-founder of current TV . The young journalists work for current TV . But the north Koreans apparently rejected Al Gore and Al Gore . Then came to President Clinton and asked him if He would do it of course the north Koreans thought that was a ', 'American journalists  Laura Ling  and you know were vice president  Al Gore  who sought mr co-founder of  current TV  where  Laura Ling  and you know worked the families of  Laura Ling  and you know we vice president  Al Gore . Who was thought ', "an official visit. This was. Private mission it was former vice president Al Gore who sought mr. Clinton's health. Gore is the co-founder of current TV where Laura Ling and you know -- worked when they were detained by North Korea last march. Secretary of state Hillary Clinton has also been ", 'Department the National Security Council as Martha reported but former vice president Al Gore . Who was thought to be. Beyond what -- -- number one choice with the north Koreans made it clear they wanted to ']