['Eight months later, a different tournament and a different result.Baylor beat Colorado in the NCAA Tournament last March, but Askia Booker and Spencer Dinwiddie made...', 'Red Storm struggle underneath in 97-78 loss to No. 16 Baylor at Charleston Classic', "St. John's coach Steve Lavin didn't like that his team got outmuscled underneath by No. 16 Baylor's tall, strong frontline.The good news Lavin said was the Red Storm...", 'The 19th-ranked Baylor Bears lift the curtain on the 2012-13 season this afternoon as they play host to the Lehigh Mountain Hawks.Lehigh won 27 games last season and...', 'Pierre Jackson has 25 points, 7 assists for No. 19 Baylor in 78-47 victory over Jackson State', 'Pierre Jackson and the 19th-ranked Baylor Bears are doing OK so far without the three post players they lost to the NBA.They have some talented freshmen around Jacks...', 'Jackson State no match for No. 19 Baylor, Tigers lose opener 78-47 for 6th straight loss there', 'Jackson State coach Tevester Anderson knows what to expect every time his team plays at Baylor.And the 19th-ranked Bears are still pretty good, even after losing thr...', 'No. 19 Baylor changing its Ps and Qs: Pierre Jackson focus with Perry and 2 Quincys in NBA', 'Baylor is moving forward without most of its Ps and Qs.Coming off a school-record 30 victories last season, the 19th-ranked Bears go into this year without forwards ...', 'The 11th-seeded Colorado Buffaloes will seeded Baylor Bears in the third round of the 2012 NCAA Tournament at The Pit.The Buffaloes were not expected to still be in ...', 'Six Baylor players finished in double ranked Kansas, 81-72, in the semifinals of the Big 12 Tournament on Friday.Quincy Miller and Pierre Jackson added 13 points api...', "Baylor heard all the pundits clamoring for one more Kansas-Missouri matchup, this time in the Big 12 tournament title game. It didn't matter that those teams needed ...", 'The top-seeded Kansas Jayhawks will try to seeded Baylor Bears in the semifinal round of the Big 12 Conference Tournament at the Sprint Center.Baylor struggled again...', 'Hoping to secure the highest seed possible in the ranked Baylor Bears close out 12 regular season this evening in Ames against the Iowa State Cyclones .Under the dir...', 'Perry Jones III scored a career-high 31 points, hitting 11 of 14 shots, and powered No. 12 Baylor past Kansas State 82-74 Thursday in the Big 12 tournament.The 6-foo...', "Quincy Acy kept his promise and didn't back down as the Bears tried to send the message early that they would not be intimidated by Kentucky.But the senior's efforts...", 'Texas Tech coach Billy Gillispie at least hoped that senior night might be so emotional for No. 9 Baylor that his Red Raiders would be able to take advantage.Not a c...', 'Perry Jones III had 15 points and 10 rebounds, A.J. Walton scored a season-high 13 points and No. 9 Baylor won its home finale 77-48 over Texas Tech on Monday night....', 'Perry Jones III led No. 9 Baylor with 15 points 48, at Ferrell Center on Monday.Anthony Jones and A.J. Walton netted 13 points apiece and Quincy Acy added 12 points ...', 'Perry Jones III scored 14 points to go with 12 ranked Baylor Bears to a 61-52 win over Texas A&M on Monday.Quincy Acy netted 13 points and pulled down six rebounds, ...', "Syracuse is the nation's undisputed top team as 2011 winds down, yet the first name associated with the Orange is Bernie Fine.Xavier is this year's mid-major juggern...", "The fourth-ranked Baylor Bears put their undefeated record on the line yet again, as they pull into Lubbock for today's Big 12 Conference clash with the Texas Tech R..."]