['long-running  ABC  daytime dramas Children " and "  One Life to Live  ," will take place and Mac and PC.  Agnes Nixon , the Emmy award-winning said goodbye to  ABC  after 41 years September of 2011. " One Life to Live ," ended its 43-year ', 'wanted her to succeed. And I knew she could." This work is the opinion of the columnist, and in no way reflects the opinion of  ABC  News. Michelle Goodman is a freelance writer and former cubicle dweller. Her books include My So-Called Freelance Life ', 'Lunching with " One Life to Live " is mine that\'s where " One Life to Live " comes in. In episode of " OLTL ." In the spare But with " OLTL ," for 35 glorious solo worker, " OLTL " going dark the opinion of  ABC  News. Michelle ', "'Revolution' Host Ty Pennington on Living in His Dressing Room, Settling Down and His Vomit Bag Collection", 'the transition as host of  ABC \'s popular TV series the near decade-long  ABC  series that helped families host a new daytime show on  ABC  with fashion guru Tim Gunn behind by the canceled " One Life to Live ." Countless tears were ', 'All My Children " and "  One Life to Live  ," the show will go on. Today,  ABC  announced that it has All My Children\' and \' One Life to Live \' are television icons their site. In April,  ABC  announced it would end ', 'Children" and " One Life to Live " will end soap-actors-turned-stars behind.  ABC  announced Thursday success of  ABC \'s "The View show creator]  Agnes Nixon  and all the 1970, and " One Life to Live ," on since Restless."  ABC \'s "All My ', 'ABC  will debut two new My Children" and " One Life to Live " this September and Frons, president of  ABC \'s daytime television shows, Frons said,  ABC  will pay respect to My Children" and " One Life to Live " are iconic pieces ', 'all four major broadcast networks,  ABC , CBS, NBC and Fox, for an unprecedented on "Desperate Housewives" and in  ABC  soap operas "General Hospital," "All My Children" and " One Life to Live ." Check out the iParticipate Web ', 'Children" and " One Life to Live " are getting old times.  ABC  Daytime announced and that " One Life to Live " would move move of " One Life To Live " to its Disney/ ABC  Television Children\' and \' One Life to Live \' to dramatically said  Agnes Nixon , creator ', 'Valley, the setting of  ABC \'s hit daytime drama Valentini, who runs " One Life to Live ," said changes in creative solutions. " One Life to Live " regularly brings in season premiere of \' One Life to Live ,\' we just continue ', 'this building at  ABC . Where somebody four is writing  one life to live . I did show is that this  Tommy Lee Jones  that starts off soap opera like  one life to live  who is that guy in the life of  Tommy Lee Jones  when  Tommy Lee', "I'm sitting in this building at ABC . Where somebody on another four is writing one life to live . I did -- show for three and a half years -- so. This is the beginning of your career as an actor ", "daytime soaps  ABC 's announcing children and  one life to live  will soon They had  one life to live  here in the September it's  one life to live  will broadcast generation  ABC  has promised created by  Agnes Nixon . And yet ", "A major announcement today about some long running daytime soaps ABC's announcing all my children and one life to live will soon go off the air sandy Kenyon here with more on the decision sandy -- and world leaders gave Diana. And given the era doesn't even Begin to cover. When life to live and All My Children are both iconic television shows that went on the air. When I was still in grade school but both fell victim to declining ratings and higher costs. They had one life to live here in the city since 1968. All My Children celebrated its fortieth anniversary in Manhattan. Just before moving west. There -- stay in LA will be brief that soap opera will go off the air in September it's one life to live will broadcast a final episode began. Generations of women watch these shows. But the reason -- -- away is because there are -- -- women available at home. And -- and the tradition of these shows were not passed on to the next generation ABC has promised me to die hard fans of the soap operas will be. Honored and each show and -- In a manner that respects they're -- students. TV is changing. People watch differently. They have a lot of choice. And give him credit for lasting as long as they did land -- and pine valley -- fictional places both created by Agnes Nixon . And yet the performers seen so much like real neighbors loved tolerated. Or even at times despise but always welcome in millions ", "football but I check out a Featuring  Judith Light  who's back on stage and Lombardi together yes we actually we were on  one life to live  together and as Dan likes to say found that hold that clip from  one life to live  looks excellent. This new world ", "Broadway play about football but I check out a -- -- Featuring Judith Light who's back on stage and Lombardi it's the story Vince Lombardi the famous football coach. Who turned the Green Bay Packers into ", 'My guess today is the talented and versatile actress  Judith Light . So fans will remember her as apparently from  one life to live  to Emmy Awards for that by the way. fifty years she ', 'father Edward back. My guess today is the talented and versatile actress Judith Light . So fans will remember her as apparently from one life to live to Emmy Awards for that by the way. -- fifty years she plays Angela on whose false and that for four years ', 'please, ladies and gentlemen, hold applause until all the categories have been read. "General hospital,"  abc , " one life to live ,"  abc , "the young and the restless," cbs, now, ladies and gentlemen, your applause. you know, robin, this ', 'gentlemen, hold applause until all the categories have been read. "General hospital," abc , " one life to live abc "the young and the restless," cbs, now, ladies and gentlemen, your applause. you know, robin, this is the first year that all ', "another show. Here at  ABC  I'm hurt and crushed on the one and only  one life to live . If you missed even one day at  one life to live  you a law. She's under five on the set of  one life to live  that's a fancy way ", "-- -- world news now flirting with a another show. Here at ABC I'm hurt and crushed on and they'll be hurt so bad they'll never invited back. I got to -- a soap star for a day acting alongside Sunday times -- biggest television stars if you don't want one like to leave you know who some of these people -- as they've been together around for ever. So here's a first look at my debut on the one and only one life to live . If you missed even one day at one life to live you -- a law. She's gone into labor and still doesn't know if he's the father -- -- his former lover and as a secret copy of the paternity test. And -- to -- they rushed to the hospital to be her bedside old and did I mention this new doctor. Yes for one day I got to be an under five on the set of one life to live that's a fancy way of saying I had fewer than five lines. I believe your -- was gonna happen when you go ", "close to home. But within  ABC  family. It's week four decided to stay with an  ABC  family. We're backstage other fab five host of  ABC . We can't afford to Last stop on the block  one life to live . They wanted to give one ", "a lot of help actually -- close to home. But within -- ABC family. It's week four -- warm coats warm hearts drive. And we're narrowing in on that one million -- Our latest tally. ", "absolutely vital. One -- next well I decided to stay with an ABC family. We're backstage at the view I want to see if the ladies have any coats did you. Josh Elliott -- -- ", "see what I can get from the other fab five host of ABC . We can't afford to leave any stone unturned. One that was one million codes we thought we come join our friends here at -- -- Within -- -- please keep giving. Yeah. Last stop on the block one life to live . They wanted to give one final very generous donation. Once again they're donating coats I can't carry all 350 -- but I'm "]