['Tim Samaras, his son Paul and colleague Chris Young were killed in the Oklahoma tornado outbreak.', 'of these  Storm Chasers  run into to monster  tornadoes . But after of three  Storm Chasers  in this spate hour winds.  Storm Chasers  are a special together on the  Discovery  Channel show and predict  tornadoes . His quest some say  tornado Alley  is saturated ', "some meteorologists. Like to get as close as they can to monster tornadoes . But after the tragic loss of three Storm Chasers in this -- spate of Oklahoma twisters. -- their exploits up to adrenaline addiction. Seems really unfair as ABC's own storm chaser ", "-- -- Carl well I'll for a bus worked together on the Discovery Channel show storm chases. We knew Tim as one of the most cautious chasers in the business. There's -- it doesn't make sense because he knew exactly it is doing and he's always -- control and safe just doesn't make sense something. It's not right. Tim was a -- pioneer in the field who device technology that continues to help us measure and predict tornadoes . His quest to learn an -- always inspired him to give states. I had the honor of joining him on a recent ", "the first one hits the ground then return stroke. Starting lightning starting tornadoes . Are warranted final frontiers in the urology you know -- -- of -- things there because -- so fleeting they're so very ", "power of nature, it was  tim samaras , his son, paul, and winds. Many of the  storm chasers  barely outrunning the and safe. Reporter:  Tim samaras  was a pioneer, a world-record-holding That's what all  storm chasers  will take there this ", "science. If anyone understood and ected the power of nature, it was tim samaras , his son, paul, and their colleague, carl young. They were tracking the ef-3 in el reno friday night. The area hammered by 165-mile-per-hour winds. Many of the storm chasers barely outrunning the twister. Tim and his team did not survive. Tim was found seat belted in his car, the others apparently pulled by the tornado from the car. Something doesn't make sense. He's always been controlled and safe. Reporter: Tim samaras was a pioneer, a world-record-holding chaser. To witness mother nature in that state is fantastic. Reporter: When I studied meteor r meteorology, ", 'on time. But for  Sean Casey  and Josh that nightmare next documentary and  tornadoes . He needs one shot change. The violent  tornadoes  form wired some  tornadoes  just a small percentage three seasons in the  Discovery  Channel has along ', 'of a twister. The definition of wrong place on time. But for Sean Casey and Josh -- -- that nightmare is a dream come true. It begins with a hunch -- educated guess about the movements ', "professional  Storm Chasers  reeds with this about 200.  Tornadoes  in your shell the paths of  tornadoes  then get take this here the  tornadoes  are moving so you've got on the  Discovery  Channel called  Storm Chasers . Let's take ", "Tornadoes are one of the most destructive forces of nature and this year they were particularly devastating record breaking in the numbers with -- over 2100. Tornadoes . -- the US so far in 2008 and that's more than twice. The average number they usually -- the US here. People know just how terribly high and they are and the power of a tornado better than -- -- meteorologist in professional Storm Chasers reeds with this this morning. These guys have personally intercepted about 200. Tornadoes in your shell and one of the things I've got to say -- over about 50000 miles in the pursuit of them but. You took technology to the next level to do what people have been doing for awhile now storm chasing. To get us inside the storm with some special -- Floyd have this 300 pound tornado probe and it's made out of concrete and steel rebar -- have a bulletproof bubble in the top. And our goals to deploy this in the paths of tornadoes then get take a high definition video inside the tornado as it -- over the pro. Things get really intense deploying it sometimes because this here the tornadoes are moving so fast it was difficult to deploy them get out of there and safety. Are in all of this is for a show that you've got on the Discovery Channel called Storm Chasers . Let's take a quick look at a clip of the show and we'll talk a bit about what you do. Palin thing. ", "better understand storm. -- -- It's very difficult to tell where the tornadoes to occur less -- you can identify storm structure and you know fear that a general person I would not go out there and try to chase storms and you know it's not just the tornadoes lightning can strike at any time He just really need to know you know a a lot about -- structured about their ", 'there have been 50  tornadoes  in 24 hours. Early the fierce winds,  storm chasers  are on the front lines  tornadoes  that are cutting across the country.  Storm chasers  have real purpose with storm chaser  reed timmer . His team caught ', "our reporting in moore, as we have said, there have been 50 tornadoes in 24 hours. Early warning can mean the difference between life and death. Our own ginger zee, a storm watcher, a seasoned one, has traveled 1200 miles in the past 48 hours, to show us what she has been seeing. Reporter: From the fierce hail to the fierce winds, storm chasers are on the front lines tornadoes that are cutting across the country. Storm chasers have real purpose. Soon as we see a tornado, we call 911. Many times that's the first time officials learn that it's not just rotation on the radar, but it's actually a tornado touching the ground. We met up in oklahoma city today with storm chaser reed timmer . His team caught this video of a tornado touching down near edmonton, oklahoma, yesterday. Even getting a rare glimpse inside this whipping ", 'on time. But for  Sean Casey  and Josh mormons that next documentary on  tornadoes  He needs one shot understand. Why Violent  tornadoes  form wired some  tornadoes  just a small percentage three seasons the  Discovery  Channel has tagged ', 'of a twister. The definition of wrong place on time. But for Sean Casey and Josh mormons that nightmare is a dream come true. He begins with a hunch and educated guess about the movements of ', "guest now is video  Storm Chasers  has returned to  Discovery  Channel for a second can see more extreme  tornadoes . And now the ones people on the path that  tornadoes  as well what's the having me and is showed  Storm Chasers  airs Sunday nights ", "-- our live guest now is video Storm Chasers has returned to Discovery Channel for a second season. We're happy to have with us this season the newest addition and the -- storm chaser I guess you might say his name is read Tim are good morning read right am -- good morning good while I. First things first -- -- around in yes. -- it felt like would be a meteorologist name the yeah I -- jaded to reads the former -- -- -- like that. I like -- just the latest. Show up for those of us who are from the -- with it -- at all about. Well there's there's more teams this year it's expanded Sonata can see more extreme tornadoes . And now the ones seem to have the tornado intercept vehicle -- this armored tank and is designed to drive through tornadoes . And you know coupled with that team -- a mobile doppler radar and were much more mobile team we have an SUV ", "intense we'd actually thought He saw how planted near one of the tornadoes that it was just a piece of sheet metal twisting around. But rather the metal that are real cap now you you ", "and advancing science and helping to warn people on the path that tornadoes as well what's the biggest piece of hell you've ever seen live in Boston I've -- softball sized -- several times we probably lost about. Five or ten windshields and others last five of the Carter thing and we try to Wear a helmet or out there and whenever we can buy edit have you really you. Yet you read my mind and about video via the -- in the spare one billion as a back up. Well thank you so much for joining us they read thanks for having me and is showed Storm Chasers airs Sunday nights at 10 o'clock on discovery . ", 'veteran  Storm Chasers  were killed by the atmosphere  tornadoes  in such a random helped us understand  tornadoes  is an understatement essentially small  tornadoes  inside the bigger an explosion and  Storm Chasers  than we first ', "-- veteran Storm Chasers were killed by the tornado in Oklahoma. ABC's meteorologist ginger -- now tells us what she's learned about the loss of the man who -- her mentors. And her friends. First and foremost -- -- Harris was a family man. He was also a passion scientist and engineer. He knew and respected the power of the atmosphere tornadoes in such a random -- event is very very difficult to forecast exactly where their reform Friday. Tim his son Paul and colleague Carl young were chasing and among those killed in the violence El Reno tornado. Tim was found seat -- in the car the others apparently pulled from the car by the twister. The -- Tim was known as one of the most cautious in the business a published scientist who had been chasing storms for at least three delegates. To say -- work that Tim was doing helped us understand tornadoes is an understatement. He would deploy his creation called the -- -- in 2007. Storm chaser -- -- captured this stunning video in Ellis county Oklahoma. And right there. Those are essentially small tornadoes inside the bigger tornado called suction -- -- seats before this video scientists had suspected that they fit. But had no it's accurate. This helped explain why one house would be completely demolished in a tornado and the house next door totally fine. But there are -- that give these scientists -- that -- the Internet and Smartphones have created an explosion and Storm Chasers than we first. -- -- going out in the early ninety's. There were very very few groups out there by the time we got to say maybe for five years ago it was not uncommon at hundreds and hundreds of cars. They've been blamed for storm chasing traffic jams and unsafe conditions in the past. Officials say that may have been the case Friday night. There's -- no value in what they're doing. Other than for their own personal information. Real legitimate Storm Chasers like the late -- -- Maris they're dedicated to the science and study of tornadoes and learning more frequently fascinating phenomenon. I never asked that -- that I will never chasing storms now that probably won't happen. ", 'the second wave of  tornadoes  is now at 13, as close to home. The  tornadoes  moved in quickly escape before the  tornadoes  hit. They had just lost. Three veteran  storm chasers  now among the dead.  Tim samaras , his son, paul ', "we learn of that loss that hits all-too close to home. The tornadoes moved in quickly. The second time in two weeks. And they were deadly. The interstate, packed with terrified families, drivers trying to escape before the tornadoes hit. They had just survived the tornado the week before. The mother and child killed, pulled from their car by the twister. Tonight, we learned of three more lives lost. Three veteran storm chasers now among the dead. Tim samaras , his son, paul, and their colleague, carl young, all trying to document the storm. Here's what we know -- tim was found, ", "reports including 22  tornadoes  and everything from Of the 16 reported  tornadoes  yesterday one was and tornado engulfs  storm chasers  brandon ivey and  sean casey . They hold on and getting close to the  tornadoes , there's always ", "that jet engine. Reporter: Listen as the pressure drops and tornado engulfs storm chasers brandon ivey and sean casey . They hold on and ride out the unbelievable storm. They're fully equipped tornado intercept vehicle known as the tiv is made for ", 'storms and already tonight new  tornadoes . Here is one touching down weather is on the move again.  Tornadoes  reported across the plains looked like inside. Reporter:  Storm chasers  brandon ivey and  sean casey  deliberately drove into this ', 'tornado in north kansas. This is what it looked like inside. Reporter: Storm chasers brandon ivey and sean casey deliberately drove into this tornado. I would standing up and manning my camera. I just left it running and I was pancaked ', 'one of those intrepid  Storm Chasers  who is heading out tonight to watch for  tornadoes  ginger. Diane even another disaster day  Storm Chasers  like myself are preparing midwest for another impact  Storm Chasers  are now rushing into ', 'G right now she is a meteorologist. And one of those intrepid Storm Chasers who is heading out tonight to watch for tornadoes ginger. Diane even -- it looks peaceful and quiet behind me here in Cincinnati tonight. The ingredients are coming together all the way from here. To Mississippi. And east to the Carolinas for -- tomorrow to be another disaster -- day Storm Chasers like myself are preparing for the worst. And keeping our eyes to the sky. South and midwest -- for another impact Storm Chasers are now rushing into the heart of it. Brendan Sullivan from Oklahoma on police. It does give us an opportunity to go ', 'escape the storm. The of  tornadoes  hit at the worst time map the track of these  tornadoes  a little odd especially A dramatic rise from  Storm Chasers  trying to help run one of the Oklahoma  tornadoes . Good and yeah. Okay ', 'driving on interstate forty trying to escape the storm. The -- of tornadoes hit at the worst time during rush hour. And most of the deaths involved people trapped in their own cars and in ', 'radar my stomach. Turn look at this map the track of these tornadoes a little odd especially the one just south of El Reno the one that did the damage here to this community college. ', "Michigan all the way down to Texas. It's. A dramatic rise from Storm Chasers trying to help run one of the Oklahoma tornadoes . Good and yeah. Okay. Vehicles floundering on the road beside them and then it's huge pieces of debris flying into the -- That was one of five reported tornadoes that tore through central Oklahoma. You need to take your tornado precautions immediately. This morning several dead and dozens injured after these raging tornadoes and flash floods jab did an already tender Oklahoma. As the tornadoes -- toward downtown Oklahoma City. Thousands were trapped the highways in perilous gridlock. It Eric Alexander -- of vehicles. -- -- -- We were well ahead of the storm puts all the chaos on the roads -- I like yourself they shut -- highway going north so that people can't get -- Oklahoma City this is a very serious situation to tornadoes in the back to back. Heading downtown. Overnight the relentless rain just poured salt on the wound. -- -- As all of ", 'round possibly devastating  tornadoes  could hit the midwest for violent long track  tornadoes  from parts of Oklahoma reports of at least twenty  tornadoes  this beast the land near visited the ranch. The  Storm Chasers  capturing that mile wide ', "over the -- the country right now. Another round -- possibly devastating tornadoes could hit the midwest today no let up that all changes you she -- now the latest in that tornado hot zone. Good morning ginger. Good morning George unfortunately the atmosphere is primed for violent long track tornadoes from parts of Oklahoma Kansas and Nebraska but the storm reports from yesterday there were issues as Far East at Michigan. And Pennsylvania. Overnight dramatic just released security footage from Carl -- college ink Ellsberg Illinois. Water comes pouring in from the torrential downpours up to five inches of rain fell in just two dollars. -- 100. From Texas to Nebraska and reports of at least twenty tornadoes this beast -- -- the land near Bennington Kansas visited the ranch. The Storm Chasers capturing that mile wide wedge tornado. Don't go go go go don't go up in Michigan high winds damaging several homes in ", "of Oklahoma and Kansas Nebraska it of course we've got. Not only tornadoes that damaging winds and hail to talk about to. ", 'into oklahoma city. This is a serious situation. Two tornados back to back heading downtown. Turn the car around!  Storm chasers  trying to get away blasted with debris. The be tornado tunk right into them. Look at that right there another group ', 'situation. Two tornados back to back heading downtown. Turn the car around! Storm chasers trying to get away blasted with debris. The be tornado tunk right into them. Look at that right there another group of ', 'of the deadliest  tornadoes  in American history in that part of  tornado Alley . For the 1999 more than fifty  tornadoes  from Oklahoma all miles. Dozens of  Storm Chasers  in pursuit. Brett stranger to deadly  tornadoes . Downed trees ', "-- taking it. We could go down as one of the deadliest tornadoes in American history and ABC's ginger zee is there. Outside Oklahoma City amid all of the shock all of the searching all ", 'latest in a three day outbreak that has brought more than fifty tornadoes from Oklahoma all the way to Nebraska. -- my god. 6:30 PM. Just a violent tornado in this outbreak the massive twisters came one after another stop on the ground for miles. Dozens of Storm Chasers in pursuit. Brett get back here we got -- got the and if if -- an amendment. This was Sunday night in ', 'help save lives. This part of Oklahoma is no stranger to deadly tornadoes . Downed trees and power lines blocked roads a roof was blown up -- school in May 1999. The town was hit. By ', "but it was the  tornadoes  it was it was pretty the of what is  tornado Alley  swath of states Allen Ethan Horton  Storm Chasers  were terrified again seeing what  tornadoes  can do. But you're advance warning that  tornadoes  would probably ", '-- about it without it was a -- but it was the tornadoes it was it was pretty big town or is almost completely wiped out. It looked like a war zone. Just look alike ', "in Oklahoma. This unfortunate that we are -- once again seeing what tornadoes can do. But you're also seeing what the investment public safety and the commitment training exercise does when disaster -- strike. At ", 'of the first on the scene. We have had advance warning that tornadoes would probably be developing again yesterday afternoon so I knew I had to get down here quickly. Hanging down here before it ', 'in that part of  tornado Alley . From the 1999 more than fifty  tornadoes  from Oklahoma Just a violent  tornadoes  in this outbreak miles. Dozens of  Storm Chasers  in pursuit I get stranger to deadly  tornadoes . Downed trees ', 'latest in a three day outbreak that has brought more than fifty tornadoes from Oklahoma. All the way to Nebraska. -- -- -- 6:30 PM. Just a violent tornadoes in this outbreak the massive twisters came one after another stop on the ground for miles. Dozens of Storm Chasers in pursuit -- I get -- -- we got to -- out -- and if you -- that good in America. This ', 'help save lives. This part of Oklahoma is no stranger to deadly tornadoes . Downed trees and power lines blocked roads a roof was blown up -- school in May 1999. The town was hit. By ', "Moore Oklahoma is in the of what is  tornado Alley  swath of states from South Dakota if people lived and Allen even  Storm Chasers  with terror in right now and that we are once again seeing what  tornadoes  can do. But you're also seeing ", "in Oklahoma. This unfortunate that we are -- once again seeing what tornadoes can do. But you're also seeing what the investment and public safety and the commitment training exercise does when disaster does strike. "]