['but some people thought the role perpetuated antiquated stereotypes dating to as far back as the film " Gone With the Wind ."  Hattie McDaniel  made history as the first black woman to win an Oscar for playing a maid a named Mammy in that 1939 film ', "Wizard of Oz by sitting atop Frank Baum's iconic book. (Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's) Vivian Leigh in  Gone With the Wind . (Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's) James Dean photographed in 1954 by Bert Six. (Movie Star News Collection ", 'direct the film, George Cukor did set the stage for  Victor Fleming , who would helm most of the movie. Though Cukor told replace, ironically enough, Cukor as director of " Gone with the Wind ." King Vidor completed the filming of "Oz." The ', 'The Misfits," "Bus Stop," and "The Prince and the Showgirl"; and rare home film shot behind the scenes of " Gone With the Wind ". John Green is the Executive Producer of "Mad About Oscars with Katie Couric". -ABC-', 'missing in the cinematic history," said author and screenwriter Steven Barnes, who calls "Django" "Shaft" meets " Gone with the Wind ." "And he put his cultural capital behind this movie." Barnes points out that there are few, if any, black ', 'give it a try. I hurriedly removed the DVD, made up an excuse that it gets stuck quite often, replaced it with \' Gone With The Wind \' and exited the room with \'Brokeback Mountain\' in hand." Sakleshpur said that given her parents\' conservative ', 'get the hang of it. Then the moment of truth: She pulls the string in the back ... just like that scene from " Gone with the Wind " ... and I gasp. Wow! This is tight. But it\'s kind of cool. My waist is immediately streamlined ... sucked ', 'the home she shared with John  Clark Gable  in Malibu Wednesday. Authorities Anderson her famous look. John  Clark Gable  is 51 according to IMDB . He Hollywood legend and star of " Gone With the Wind ,"  Clark Gable . He was born shortly after ', 'claimed Ellison\'s other attempts at fell short.  Margaret Mitchell Margaret Mitchell  wrote the American classic," Gone With the Wind ," in 1936, which was made in to an award-winning ', 'different era. He says, "\'The Godfather\' is a work of art. It\'s the greatest gangster movie ever made, just as \' Gone with the Wind \' will always be the greatest Civil War movie ever made." Lyons isn\'t the only one who feels that way. In 2010 ', 'to Win an Oscar  Vivien Leigh  and  Hattie McDaniel  are shown in a publicity the 1939 film " Gone with the Wind ," which swept Supporting Actress  Hattie McDaniel  was the first African adaptation of " Gone With the Wind ." McDaniel received ', 'for its alfalfa crop in Oklahoma. Feb. 29, 1940  Hattie McDaniel  became the first African-American to win an Academy Best Supporting Actress for her role as Mammy in " Gone with the Wind ," which won 10 Academy Awards and was the first film ', 'way forward from Mammy in  Gone With The Wind !" Click through to see how  Hattie McDaniel  of " Gone with the Wind " and the other black women Oscar for playing Mammy in " Gone With the Wind ." But she would spend ', "75. Years ago this month that  gone with the wind  hit the screens that epic portrait the fiery characters written by  Margaret Mitchell . That I had any any model colony don't give a damn. It was  Clark Gable  who improvised a prank that's ", "And finally tonight at about 75. Years ago this month that gone with the wind hit the screens that epic portrait of the antebellum south and like many of -- as well as Kentucky girl. Could not believe the fiery heroine Scarlett O'Hara. And tonight a Mississippi girl Sharon off funds it looks back at three quarters of a century ago. The music the iconic images. A movie brought to life by the fiery characters written by Margaret Mitchell . That I had any any model colony -- one of the most popular and most quoted books ever. Didn't think about. Really ", "classic. But until now it was believed the book it was based upon had been lost to history. But the last four chapters of  Margaret Mitchell 's original manuscript have now been found at a Connecticut library. basement storage area where been hidden for decade ", "upon had been lost to history. But the last four chapters of Margaret Mitchell's original manuscript have now been found at a Connecticut library. -- basement storage area where -- been hidden for decade. I was ", "you again. That they had to eject them yes he's in Hollywood too long. He. Isn't going to do that  Clark Gable  and are  gone with the wind  here this guy listings it became a little bit of an initiation of the if you didn't find and really at ", "yes he's in Hollywood too long. He. Isn't going to do that Clark Gable and are gone with the wind here this guy listings -- it became a little bit of an initiation of the -- if you didn't find -- -- ", "may use a new factor in how it determines those ratings. BC's Miguel Marquez explains from Hollywood.  Clark Gable  in  gone with the wind  James Dean as that rebel without a cause and Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic. Smoking has been glamorized by ", "how it determines those ratings. -- BC's Miguel Marquez explains from Hollywood. Clark Gable in gone with the wind -- James Dean as that rebel without a cause and Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic. Smoking has been glamorized by Hollywood for years ", "may use a new factor in how it determines those ratings. BC's Miguel Marquez explains from Hollywood.  Clark Gable  in  gone with the wind . James Dean that rebel without a cause and Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic. And smoking has been glamorized ", "how it determines those ratings. -- BC's Miguel Marquez explains from Hollywood. Clark Gable in gone with the wind James Dean -- that rebel without a cause and Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic. And smoking has been glamorized by Hollywood for years ", 'occurred to me there have to be folks from there are still  gone with the wind . Talk about a smoldering kiss  Clark Gable  kisses Vivian in this city of Atlanta catches on fire ', "me there have to be folks -- -- from there are still gone with the wind . Talk about a smoldering kiss Clark Gable kisses Vivian -- in this city of Atlanta catches on fire. What about us. You know we've had passed another must see ", 'tailor made for the 38-year-old oscar nominee, but the role of daisy buchanan was up for grabs. That was a " gone with the wind " search and everyone wanted to play that role. Reporter: Luhrmann and DiCAPRIO KNEW AT HER FIRST Audition it belonged ', 'the role of daisy buchanan was up for grabs. That was a " gone with the wind " search and everyone wanted to play that role. Reporter: Luhrmann and DiCAPRIO KNEW AT HER FIRST Audition it belonged to carey mulligan. ']