["West Virginia shot the ball well from the floor and held its own against one of the nation's better rebounding teams. In the end, the Mountaineers couldn't get it do...", 'Shane Southwell put Kansas State ahead and then swatted away any chance of a West Virginia triumph.Southwell finished with 17 points and hit a pair of go-ahead free ...', "Southwell's free throws, block preserves No. 18 K-State's 65-64 win over West Virginia", "Shane Southwell made two free throws with 21 seconds left, then blocked Gary Browne's layup attempt with 1 second left to preserve No. 18 Kansas State's 65-64 win ov...", "West Virginia's Staten scores late basket, knocks Virginia Tech from unbeaten ranks 68-67", 'Juwan Staten, who missed 5 of 6 from the floor Saturday afternoon, sank a layup with 5 five seconds left to hand West Virginia a 68-67 victory over previously undefe...', 'Eron Harris scored 15 points, Terry Henderson added 14, and West Virginia beat Marist 87-44 in the first round of the Old Spice Classic on Thursday.Mountaineers cent...', 'College hoops guide: Running down the best teams, players and games for the upcoming season', 'College basketball came down to the blue bloods last season, with Kentucky adding to its Hoops Rushmore resume in a Final Four that included Kansas, Louisville and O...', "The West Virginia Mountaineers have a chance to avenge last year's season ending loss in the NCAA Tournament as they visit the McCarthey Athletic Center to take on t...", 'Cody Zeller scored 22 points and Remy Abell added a career-high 14 to lead No. 1 Indiana past North Dakota State 87-61 on Monday night.The Hoosiers (2-0) struggled t...', 'Gonzaga faced an early test against West Virginia. Coach Mark Few was pleased with the results.Gary Bell Jr. scored 15 points and No. 19 Gonzaga crushed the Mountain...', 'West Virginia ended last season and started the new one the same way, with a loss to Gonzaga.Gary Bell Jr. scored 15 points and No. 19 Gonzaga crushed the Mountainee...', 'Gary Bell, Jr. buried three 3-pointers en route to a game-high 15 points on Monday night, as No. 19 Gonzaga cruised to an 84-50 triumph over West Virginia at McCarth...', 'Fred Hoiberg returned to Iowa State from the NBA in 2010 and inherited a roster in dire need of talent.The rookie coach brushed off the old axiom that transfers were...', 'OUTLOOK: The Big 12 Conference has undergone a bit of a makeover since last season. Missouri and Texas A&M defected to the SEC, and in their place step West Virginia...', "Thomas Robinson showed just how valuable an elite power forward can be as he led Kansas to within one game of the national title last season. Let's take an early loo...", 'OUTLOOK: The Atlantic 10 is a large conference with 14 teams, and there is significant separation between the best teams in the league, such as Xavier and Temple, an...', 'Aaric Murray scored 20 points, including a tie-breaking three-point play with 28 seconds left, to lead La Salle to a 76-75 victory over Rhode Island Saturday.With th...', "Aaric Murray scored 19 points, grabbed a season-high 14 rebounds and had five blocked shots as La Salle held off Saint Joseph's 76-72 on Thursday night.The Explorers...", 'Aaric Murray had 20 points and 13 rebounds as La Salle dominated Fordham in an 86-61 win on Wednesday night.The Explorers (14-16, 6-9 Atlantic 10 Conference), coming...', "Novar Gadson scored 14 of his 25 points in the second half to lead Rider to a 77-68 victory over La Salle on Wednesday night.Eight of Gadson's points came during a 2..."]