['Tom Koehler tossed seven strong innings, Ed Lucas homered and the Miami Marlins scored for the first time in four games in a 3-1 win over the Colorado Rockies on Monday night.', 'Giancarlo Stanton reached base three times and Steve Cishek notched his 18th save for Miami, which snapped a four-game losing streak.', 'Troy Tulowitzki hit his 17th home run and D.J. LeMahieu had three hits for the Rockies, who are 2-2 in a key 10-game homestand.', "The Marlins' scoring drought reached a franchise-record 37 innings after a three-game sweep at Milwaukee over the weekend. They had not scored since Derek Dietrich's two-run homer in the fourth inning of a loss to Washington on July 14.", 'They failed to score the last six innings of that game before being shut out in three straight games for the second time in franchise history.', "The Marlins ended their frustration right away against Colorado. Lucas reached on a one-out single in the first and scored on Stanton's double to right. Stanton scored on a sacrifice fly to make it 2-0.", "Lucas gave Miami a 3-0 lead when he crushed Drew Pomeranz's 89 mph fastball down the left-field line to lead off the third.", 'It was another poor outing for Pomeranz (0-4), the centerpiece of the Ubaldo Jimenez trade with Cleveland two years ago. Pomeranz began this season in Triple-A before being called up June 28. He had an 8.76 ERA in three starts and was sent to Double-A Tulsa.', 'He was recalled Monday but struggled against the Marlins, allowing three runs on five hits and four walks in 4 1-3 innings.', "Koehler (2-5) looked sharp in his first start since July 2. His only blemish was Tulowitzki's homer to lead off the fourth that made it 3-1.", 'Michael Cuddyer followed with a double, but Koehler struck out Todd Helton and retired Wilin Rosario and Nolan Arenado to strand Cuddyer at third.', "Koehler allowed one run on eight hits, struck out seven and didn't walk a batter in seven innings. It was the fourth time in 11 starts he has pitched at least seven innings.", "NOTES: The Rockies optioned INF Josh Rutledge to Triple A to make room for Pomeranz on the roster. ... Marlins starters have allowed three or fewer runs in 26 of the last 30 games. ... The Rockies will send RHP Jhoulys Chacin (9-4) to the mound against Miami's Jose Fernandez (5-5) in the second game of the series Tuesday.", 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']