["For Bartolo Colon, life not only has begun again at 40, it's even sweeter this time around.", 'Colon pitched a four-hitter for his third shutout this season and center fielder Chris Young robbed Albert Pujols of a home run to help the Oakland Athletics beat the Los Angeles Angels 6-0 on Sunday.', '"I\'ve been trying to explain it all year and I can\'t," A\'s manager Bob Melvin said when asked how Colon is still able to pitch at such a high level in his 16th big league season.', 'Eric Sogard hit a two-run homer to back Colon (13-3), who struck out five and walked one. The right-hander, making his first start since returning from his third All-Star game, tied Max Scherzer and Adam Wainwright for the major league lead in wins while reducing his ERA to 2.52.', '"It seems like he\'s dipped into the fountain of youth," Angels manager Mike Scioscia said. "He\'s throwing the ball as well as he was 10 years ago, and there\'s obviously been a resurgence in his career. For a couple of years, it looked like age was catching up with Bart and his velocity wasn\'t quite there. But he\'s always had incredible command."', "The 116-pitch complete game was Colon's 35th in 395 big league starts, and the shutout was the 12th of his career. Young preserved Oakland's ninth shutout of the year when he pulled back Pujols' bid for his 492nd homer leading off the seventh.", 'Pujols came up again in the ninth with runners at first and second and took a called third strike before Colon ended it by retiring Josh Hamilton on a fly to left. Melvin went to the mound after Colon gave up one-out singles to J.B. Shuck and Mike Trout, but returned to the dugout without him.', '"He\'s never asked me for anything. Every time I\'ve taken him out of a game when it looked like he could go another inning, he\'s always been great about it," Melvin said. "But this was the first time he said, \'Give me one more baserunner.\'"', 'Colon, who spent four seasons with the Angels and became the second pitcher in club history to win a Cy Young Award with a career-high 21 wins in 2005, is 5-1 with a 1.62 ERA in eight starts against them since leaving as a free agent in October 2007.', "Colon set down the Angels in order in four of the first five innings. The only exception was the third, when he gave up a one-out single by Chris Iannetta and a walk to Erick Aybar before retiring Shuck on a double-play grounder. It was the 96th time that the Angels grounded into a double play, second-most in the majors behind St. Louis' 98.", 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']