['Taryn: She was very regal and to us. She definitely fits the bill as the princess.', 'Dave Hawk: Little kids were wrapping and boxes and family all around, those are the images that I remember.', 'Dave Hawk: We might have been a little bit more different than we were willing to admit early on.', 'The couple separated in 1998 when their son was 7 years old, their daughters 6 and 2. The divorce was finalized in 2000. ', 'Investigator Darren Mattison: I believe someone went into her house specifically to hurt her.', 'Mattison: Her van was transported to a place where it would either not be recognized or possibly be stolen.', 'Weeks passed and there was still no word from Debbie. Her friends handed out fliers with her picture and purple ribbons. Police and community volunteers combed through miles of fields and rivers for any sign of Debbie.', "Kim Aguirre, Debbie's attorney: The issues that she was dealing with were custody and support.", 'Dave says he accurately reported his income, and supplemented it with savings and gifts from his parents', 'Aguirre: His response was to ask for half custody. The percentages were something like 65 with Debbie and 35 with Dave. And he wanted to make it an even 50-50.', 'Did it ever get physical? Well, in 1998, Debbie did get a temporary restraining order against Dave.', 'Aguirre: Opened my car door and heard this tremendous explosion, felt it in the back of the head like I got hit with a baseball bat,', 'He claims law enforcement is so determined to find him responsible, that an FBI agent threatened to make up evidence against him. He wrote down what he says the agent told him.', 'Stafford: Are you worried in the back of their minds, your kids say, "Maybe dad did have something to do with this."', 'In late October, police named Dave Hawk the prime suspect in the disappearance of his ex wife. ', 'If you have information on Debbie Hawk, contact the Hanford Police Department at (559)585-2540. You can also visit the Web site http://www.debbiehawk.com/or join our Discussion on the Dateline message boards.']