['Well, congratulations to my buddy Denny Hamlin on an awesome performance Saturday night at the ... hmmm ... what do we call it? Is it the old Bristol? Is it the new ...', 'Back when A.J. Foyt was compiling a resume that included 67 IndyCar wins including four Indianapolis 500s, it seemed as if he could win anywhere he drove.But in the ...', 'Ryan Hunter-Reay wrestling with contract decisions as he heads into IndyCar season finale', 'IndyCar championship contender Ryan Hunter-Reay said he expected to speak to team owner Michael Andretti on Thursday about his contract amid reports that he is being...', 'When you look at NASCAR, I think places like Daytona, Indianapolis and Darlington are foundation tracks. In the case of Indianapolis Motor Speedway, that is the trac...', 'Helio Castroneves stood stoically in his garage eating lunch this May.The gregarious personality that won over racing fans and dancing fans years ago is still there,...', "IndyCar points leader Will Power and Mike Conway were both knocked out of the Indianapolis 500 in the first crash of Sunday's race.Conway had just returned to the tr...", "Dan Wheldon couldn't win his third Indianapolis 500. Dario Franchitti did it for him.And if it wasn't going to be Franchitti, then it would be Scott Dixon. Maybe eve...", 'It was an hour before the Indianapolis 500, and Dario Franchitti and Tony Kanaan found a quiet corner to prepare for the race. They were interrupted by Parnelli Jone...', 'It was an hour before the Indianapolis 500, and Dario Franchitti and Tony Kanaan found a quiet corner to prepare for the race. They were interrupted by Parnelli Jone...', "Katherine Legge returned to America to race in the Indianapolis 500.So far, she's been watching film, studying data and bugging engineers with questions. The problem...", "IndyCar CEO Randy Bernard is an optimist when it comes to putting 33 cars in this year's Indianapolis 500.A.J. Foyt is a believer, too.The trick, of course, will be ...", "Dario Franchitti just wins IndyCar championships.At least that's been the case since he returned from NASCAR in 2009.But the combination of Honda's new engine, Roger...", "Ryan Hunter-Reay made a decision to race smart at the start of the season with a clear focus on the big picture.It's worked through the first four races, and Hunter-...", 'AJ Allmendinger bounces into the Reel Works Studio for his Pennzoil shoot a few minutes after 9.He has no trouble finding the production site, since the distance is ...', "It wasn't so long ago that the Mason-Dixon Line was considered NASCAR's northern border and racer wannabes from the West dared not stray east of the Mississippi Rive...", 'Dario Franchitti opened the season, with four championships and 30 career victories, with the chance to move into very elite status.Two wins this year would push Fra...']