['A foreclosure sign is seen in Antioch, Calif., one of many markets where homeowners are having problems keeping up with rising mortgage payments.', 'Violette, a self-employed photographer, moved to Delray Beach, Fla., in 2004 and bought a home with a 30-year fixed-rate loan. A year later, she said, a friend in the mortgage industry sold her on the idea of refinancing with an adjustable-rate mortgage that saved her hundreds of dollars a month.', 'Now she is unable to keep up with her rising house payments but has found it virtually impossible to work with the lender on a new payment plan. Her story illustrates the plight faced by millions of Americans who have seen payments soar on their adjustable-rate mortgages or will face such "resets" in the next few years. ', 'State and federal lawmakers including Bush administration officials and presidential candidates are racing to come up with ways to head off a wave of potential foreclosures that could be the result.', 'Violette said her problems began when she learned that the rate on her loan could nearly double, despite assurances that it would not rise more than a half-percent a year for the first three years. Eventually her monthly payments rose by $900, and she was unable to keep up. She began making calls to the lender, moving from one department to another, to see if she could work out a payment plan.', 'After more phone calls, Violette found a bank representative who agreed to help modify her mortgage. That was in August. The bank had her house appraised, but then she got a letter from another bank saying they had taken over her loan. In October, she called the first bank to find out where things stood and learned that the title company she used when she bought the house is out of business and that her loan is "in limbo," she said.(A spokeswoman for the lender said the company\'s policy forbids disclosing customers\' financial information.) ', 'Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson said Monday said he is confident an agreement will be reached soon with lenders working on a plan to freeze loans at "starter" rates for many homeowners. In a speech to a housing conference, Paulson said the White House is also working with state and local housing finance agencies to help refinance borrowers in trouble. And he called on Congress to pass legislation giving the Federal Housing Administration more leeway in providing insured loans to borrowers who are having trouble refinancing their loans.', 'Unless the pace of foreclosures can be slowed, the housing market is going to get worse before it gets better. But based on interviews with borrowers, mortgage brokers, regulators, attorneys and other foreclosure experts, the process of modifying these loans is badly broken.', 'Paulson acknowledged the difficulties in getting various players involved to agree on new guidelines.', '"The company collecting your mortgage payment every month is most often doing that on behalf of those who own the mortgage," he said Monday. "And they are limited in decisions that they can make on behalf of those ultimate owners who are spread all over the world."', "Some homeowners say they get conflicting information from different departments at the same lender. Sometimes, that's because of miscommunication within the lender. The department devoted to modifying loans, for example, may not have received notice that the foreclosure process has already begun, according to Ellen Harnick, a policy analyst at the Center for Responsible Lending.", 'Carlos Hall, a production manager for a Dallas-area packaging company, has spent almost a year in foreclosure limbo. In January, after his monthly payment jumped from $931 to $2,400, he began falling behind. He said he tried to refinance with his lender but was told his house had lost too much value. In August, he said he got a letter saying the loan was in foreclosure and the house would be sold the next month. A community housing group he was working with was able to postpone the sale. In October, he says he answered a knock on his door from someone offering to refinance his loan who told him house was due to be sold in foreclosure Nov. 6. ', 'On Monday, Hill said, his lender told him that the investor holding his loan would not go along with a modification and that his new foreclosure date was in January. He said his interest rate, which started at 7.9 percent, is now at 12.9 percent and will soon rise to the 14.9 percent cap.', 'Some borrowers wait too long before asking for help, so many lenders try to contact them when they see a potential default coming. But lenders often have trouble getting through, according to Alexis McGee, president of foreclosures.com, a Web site that tracks foreclosure activity. ', 'Many state and federal officials have called on the lending industry to streamline the refinancing process. Bair has proposed that borrowers with adjustable loans who are current and able to pay the starter rate be allowed to convert to a fixed-rate loan at the initial rate. (California recently won agreements from some lenders to adopt similar guidelines, but the agreements are voluntary.) ', 'Fixing those starter rates for the life of the loan would vastly simplify the process of modifying loans and, in many cases, would amount to refinancing homeowners into mortgages at current market rates. Bair estimates that about half of subprime loans written in 2006 have starter rates above 8 percent.', "Last month, Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke told Congress' Joint Economic Committee that pushback from investors is another reason why lenders need to set up standard guidelines to modify mortgages in greater volume. ", 'For example, after an explosion of second mortgages during the lending boom, many borrowers facing default have more than one lender to contend with, and those lenders may have conflicting interests. A lender holding a first mortgage who wants to modify terms may face opposition from a holder of a second mortgage, who may be left with little equity to cover the loan.']