["With HBO audience watching, Bengals try to fine-tune a team that's been a playoff flop", "Even though the decision seemed obvious, A.J. Green called it one of the most difficult he's ever had to make.Georgia's star receiver said Sunday he'll give up his s...", 'Missouri anticipates breakout sophomore year for heralded recruit Dorial Green-Beckham', 'Production did not live up to the hype last fall for Dorial Green-Beckham, the teenage sensation already known better by his three initials before arriving at Missou...', 'Bengals take Notre Dame TE Tyler Eifert in 1st round, giving QB Andy Dalton another option', "Tyler Eifert made a mental note of all the NFL teams needing a tight end. The Bengals weren't on his list.So, it surprised him to be on a conference call to Cincinna...", '1 (21) - Tyler Eifert, TE, Notre Dame; 2 (37) - Giovani Bernard, RB, North Carolina; 2 (53) Margus Hunt, DE, SMU; 3 (84) Shawn Williams, SS, Georgia; 4 (118) - Sean ...', "By drafting a tight end with sure hands and a running back with a knack for catching passes, the Bengals think they've given their offense what it's most lacking.Cin...", "Andy Dalton saw A.J. Green lined up on the outside and let it fly.The Bengals aren't wasting time on fixing one of their shortcomings. They're throwing long passes d...", "NCAA denies appeal for Georgia's A.J . Green , WR will miss SEC game vs. No. 12 Arkansas", 'Georgia will have to play two more games without star receiver A.J. Green.The NCAA turned down his appeal Friday evening, letting stand the four-game suspension Gree...', 'Dalton throws career-high 4 TDs, Bengals end 4-game losing streak with 31-13 win over Giants', 'The Cincinnati Bengals are a talented bunch aiming to take the next step and garner some postseason success.Finding a complement to Pro Bowl wide receiver A.J. Green...', "Super Bowl week kicks off in Honolulu on Sunday when the NFL's best square off in the annual AFC-NFC Pro Bowl at Aloha Stadium.This marks the fourth consecutive year...", "A.J. Green has put the buzz in the Bengals' training camp.The first-round draft pick makes an astounding catch or two every practice, showing why the Bengals deemed ...", "REPORT DATE: July 24SITE: Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, OHCAMP CONFIDENTIAL: The Bengals return to HBO's acclaimed Hard Knocks this summer so they will be under th...", 'Preparation for the 2013 NFL season begins in earnest later this week when both the Dallas Cowboys and Miami Dolphins report to training camp on July 20.A week later...', "A.J. Green tweets maybe once a week. He doesn't preen or celebrate. In many ways, he's the opposite of Chad Ochocinco .Soon, he could be his replacement.The Bengals ...", "Bengals WR A.J . Green  doesn't get big response from Giants about holes in defense", "Cincinnati Bengals receiver A.J. Green was on the New York Giants' radar long before opening his mouth.The NFL's co-leader in touchdown receptions, Green created som...", "Dalton's 50-yard TD pass to A.J . Green  highlights Cincinnati's preseason victory", 'Atlanta Falcons coach Mike Smith wants his team to stop committing penalties.Cincinnati coach Marvin Lewis wants his team to play smarter and focus on details.Both c...', 'Georgia star receiver A.J . Green  suspended 4 games for selling bowl jersey for $1,000', 'Georgia star receiver A.J. Green was suspended by the NCAA for four games on Wednesday for selling a bowl jersey for $1,000 to someone who qualifies as an agent.Gree...']