['five birdies and an eagle on the long eighth. Liang, whose only European Tour title came six years ago, bogeyed the 12th but had six birdies. Matthew Baldwin, James Morrison, Alessandro Tadini and Javier Colomo were one  stroke  behind.', 'promised its 37.6 million worldwide subscribers that they can start watching all 13 episodes of its latest original series at the  stroke  of midnight, Pacific Time, on July 11. So Jaffe and Netflix engineering director Bob Heldt have summoned a battalion of key ', 'promised its 37.6 million worldwide subscribers that they can start watching all 13 episodes of its latest original series at the  stroke  of midnight, Pacific Time, on July 11. So Jaffe and Netflix engineering director Bob Heldt have summoned a battalion of key ', 'is doing well and is expected to return home soon. She says the family was initially concerned that Schuller, who had a  heart attack  in 1997, had suffered heart failure but that was quickly ruled out. She says doctors are trying to determine the cause ', 'Seattle Mariners say manager Eric Wedge suffered a "very mild  stroke ," that forced him to miss a three-game series against Cleveland After much testing the doctors believe he suffered a very mild  stroke ," the team said in a statement. "The doctors expect that ', 'husband were on their return trip when they got lost. Her husband went ahead to get help, but when he returned Berval was in  cardiac arrest . Heat exhaustion is the expected cause, according to KTVX. The Wave is a part of the Paria Canyon-Vermillion Cliffs ', 'Skipping it may increase your chances of a  heart attack . A study of older men found those who breakfast had a 27 percent higher risk of a  heart attack  than those who ate a morning meal studies looked at long-term risk of  heart attack ," said Eric Rimm, one of the study ', 'Skipping it may increase your chances of a  heart attack . A study of older men found those who breakfast had a 27 percent higher risk of a  heart attack  than those who ate a morning meal studies looked at long-term risk of  heart attack ," said Eric Rimm, one of the study ', 'Skipping it may increase your chances of a  heart attack . A study of older men found those who breakfast had a 27 percent higher risk of a  heart attack  than those who ate a morning meal studies looked at long-term risk of  heart attack ," said Eric Rimm, one of the study ', 'too," he said. Can Fabes was dealt a massive blow when its founder and renowned chef, Santi Santamaria, died of a  heart attack  in February 2011 while at the helm of the kitchen at a restaurant he had just opened in Singapore. Santamaria\'s death and ', 'A glance at the key hole Saturday at the British Open: HOLE: No. 17 YARDAGE: 575 PAR: 5  STROKE  AVERAGE: 5.14 RANK: 11th KEY FACT: Leader Lee Westwood birdied there, as did Hunter Mahan to climb into the final pairing ', "This morning, abc news can confirm that james gandolfini was staying at the h in central holm when he suffered a  heart attack . It was his 13-year-old son, michael, who was vacationing here in rome, and alerted the star that he wasn't ", "was staying at the h in central holm when he suffered a heart attack . It was his 13-year-old son, michael, who was vacationing here in rome, and alerted the star that he wasn't feeling well. They ", 'blazing temperatures, emergency rooms seeing patient after patient with heat exhaustion. We had a person who actually had heat  stroke  and passed away unfortunately. Reporter: New york city setting an all-time record for power use. These sunbathers are actually ', 'patient with heat exhaustion. We had a person who actually had heat stroke and passed away unfortunately. Reporter: New york city setting an all-time record for power use. These sunbathers are actually seeking out the ', "it's harder here ridiculous. Did battle this is but whatever This I got my opinions. I got my sunglasses. Yeah and a  heart attack  a that and that is pretty and. I don't I don't change the channel we literally playing this segment a good. Shall three ", "This I got my opinions. I got my sunglasses. Yeah and a heart attack a -- -- -- that and that is pretty and. I don't I don't change the channel -- we literally playing this ", "autopsy. Which stated he died of a  heart attack  of natural causes. The he further hours later he collapsed due went into  cardiac arrest . The in the ambulance are just a short trying to revive him. You weren't  cardiac arrest . And he around an hour later and 11 ", "as we understand it three hours later he collapsed due went into cardiac arrest . The in the ambulance -- -- are just a short while later rushed to hospital all the while trying to revive him. You weren't -- -- cardiac arrest . And he -- around an hour later and 11 PM. And -- we actually have the Stanley spokesman telling us a little ", "his thirteen year old son Michael. The star would be dead of  cardiac arrest  today close friend Michael to announce the results of this morning's autopsy. He died of a  heart attack . Of natural causes. Gandolfini wasn't known to have been ", "his thirteen year old son Michael. The star would be dead of cardiac arrest today close friend Michael -- to announce the results of this morning's autopsy. He died of a heart attack . Of natural causes. Gandolfini wasn't known to have been -- particularly bad health when he died though he had long battles with ", "There's an important difference between a  heart attack  and  cardiac arrest .  cardiac arrest  is a sudden collapse. At parks in. Which is the technical term for a  heart attack .  heart attack  is quite different from  cardiac arrest .", "There's an important difference between a heart attack and cardiac arrest . -- cardiac arrest is a sudden collapse. At an individual. Who is not -- response -- who has abnormal breathing. Abnormal breathing is either egg and all respiration or gasping. Or not breathing at all. In that situation most important thing is to call 911. And start doing continuous chest compression without mapped them out. Resuscitation. A heart attack it is. Win the arteries supplying the heart. Get blocked -- Even though the heart is full of blood at all time. ", '-- card and parks in. Which is the technical term for a heart attack . -- heart attack is quite different from cardiac arrest . ', 'music star Randy Travis remains in critical condition this morning he had a  stroke  during surgery yesterday. Doctors at a hospital near Dallas Texas are keeping a very close science on Travis. He has been in ', 'star Randy Travis remains in critical condition this morning he had a stroke during surgery yesterday. Doctors at a hospital near Dallas Texas are -- keeping a very close science on Travis. He has been ']