['Sgueo said. She was the kennel tech then and had taken care of Sam at the shelter so knew what to expect with his  epileptic seizures , she said. She adopted him in the summer of 2004 when he was 18 months old, and had him for another six years until he ', 'Sgueo said. She was the kennel tech then and had taken care of Sam at the shelter so knew what to expect with his  epileptic seizures , she said. She adopted him in the summer of 2004 when he was 18 months old, and had him for another six years until he ', 'Sgueo said. She was the kennel tech then and had taken care of Sam at the shelter so knew what to expect with his  epileptic seizures , she said. She adopted him in the summer of 2004 when he was 18 months old, and had him for another six years until he ', 'she suffered a heat stroke and passed away," Hopkins told ABCNews.com. Wehmer also suffered from  epilepsy , and had several  epileptic  fits in the 12-hour period before she disappeared, Hopkins said members of her family told authorities ', 'School of Medicine in New Haven, Conn., said brainwave measurements are useful in diagnosing neurological diseases like  epilepsy . But he stressed that ADHD is a complex behavioral disorder, and its diagnosis is never black and white. "The \'D\' in ', 'concurred on the diagnosis of transient global amnesia, a sudden, temporary episode of memory loss that cannot be associated with  epilepsy  or a stroke, or a general "fugue" state, which can be longer in duration. For the last five months, Boatwright has been ', 'three weeks ago that he had to be away from work for "a couple of weeks" to get treatment for  epilepsy , which he said had revealed itself in  seizures  last year. He also told his girlfriend he would be away for a few weeks and gave no explanation ', "Jack's story to the president. The White House followed up with an invitation to the Hoffmans. Jack, who suffered  epileptic seizures , has endured two surgeries. An MRI showed a tumor growth near the stem of his brain, so he has been receiving ", "Jack's story to the president. The White House followed up with an invitation to the Hoffmans. Jack, who suffered  epileptic seizures , has endured two surgeries. An MRI showed a tumor growth near the stem of his brain, so he has been receiving ", "Was Lil' Wayne 'Sippin Syrup'? Rapper's Hospitalization Puts Spotlight on 'Drank'", 'that he suffered from  seizures  while others have indicated president to of the American  Epilepsy  Society and a professor brain can bring on a  seizure ," French said. "Certain drugs can lower the  seizure  threshold." Dr. Dan develop a  seizure  and  epilepsy ." Even still, the ', 'was in grand mal  seizure ," said Parrent ahead, Spike\'s  seizures  escalated to 70 Cleveland Clinic  Epilepsy  Center, where about underwent frontal lobe  epilepsy  surgery from 1995 shorter duration of  epilepsy  were almost twice didn\'t curb the  epileptic  episodes. On a ', 'mystery after she had a  seizure  Thursday. Osbourne first told the public about her  seizure  the next day when she tweeted really scared by the  seizure  and that doctors are running possible test . . . Could be  epilepsy  but also could be an allergic ', 'bite the dust , including one trial in which I participated in 1999. It was the trial of topiramate, a drug prescribed for  epilepsy . During the open label stage of the trial, in which all participants are eligible to take the experimental drug, I learned ', "significantly reduce the frequency of  epileptic seizures  in patients who have not responded showed no improvement from approved  epilepsy  drugs or other therapies. A battery these patients' average twenty  seizures  per month. After three months ", "of the brain has been found to significantly reduce the frequency of epileptic seizures in patients who have not responded to current therapies. Stanford University conducted a trial with more than 100 adults who showed no improvement from approved epilepsy drugs or other therapies. A battery operated pacemaker like device was implanted to deliver precisely measured and timed electrical other brain. At the start of the trial these patients' average twenty seizures per month. After three months that rate was reduced by 40% for patients getting the electrical stimulation compared to only a 14%. ", 'also telling "the guardian" that he told his boss that he needed to be away from work for awhile to receive treatment for  epilepsy . Here\'s more of what he had to say. Specifically targets the communications of everyone. It collects them in its system ', "needed to be away from work for awhile to receive treatment for epilepsy . Here's more of what he had to say. Specifically targets the communications of everyone. It collects them in its system and filters ", 'remind our audience what  epilepsy  is and then talk about usual black box warnings.  Epilepsy  is a characterized by recurrent  seizures  and a  seizure  is an electrical storm And the treatment for  epilepsy  is usually medications ', "panel will consider a recommendation. To put black box warnings on many epilepsy drugs. Because of -- worry about an increased risk for suicidal thoughts and those who take those -- With us to help sort out this issue is doctor -- and events -- who is director of the epilepsy center at New York University. Welcome doctor -- -- thank you very much. -- first of all very briefly remind our audience what epilepsy is and then talk about the range of drugs. They can be used to -- treated and then we'll get to the usual black box warnings. Epilepsy is a -- -- characterized by recurrent seizures and a seizure is an electrical storm in the brain that changes behavior from very subtly like deja Vu were staring to convulsion or someone falls down. And the treatment for epilepsy is usually medications we have about fifteen medications about. Eight that have come out in the last decade or so and about ", 'our -- we looked at everyone who came in with difficult control epilepsy over a period of time. And prospective -- that means ahead of time knowing we were planning on looking at this. We ', 'part of is thinking about this I think. The vast majority of epilepsy experts lay organizations professional neurology organizations. Hope that there is no black box warning that there is not enough data at this ', 'neurological disease  epileptic seizures  triggered by news had two of the  seizures  later and after seizures  and type of  epilepsy  by playing the cause a to have a  seizure  last fall it took out Stacy is now  seizure  free. What does ', 'song turned on state -- deals -- is a rare neurological disease epileptic seizures triggered by news. They started out slow but then I started having SEC is -- quarantines a week. At least four times a week sometimes more. And Yemen in diapers what was touring and the season until then -- -- -- -- The connection came when Stacy noticed the song had been playing before she had two of the seizures later and after dozens of unsuccessful brain scans the doctors were able to bring on the seizures and -- -- type of epilepsy by playing the Sean Paul song during a special pet scan. The fact that they were provoked by hearing that musical song ', "for having a  seizure  he is one of who suffer from  epilepsy  and police mistook his  epileptic seizure . For actual  seizure epilepsy  causes him to classic symptoms of  epilepsy . So he's standing dealing with  seizures  but the Oakland ", "-- thrown in jail for almost three weeks. Simply for having a seizure he is one of nearly three million Americans who suffer from epilepsy and police mistook his epileptic seizure . For resisting arrest it's a misstep by law enforcement that advocates say can be fatal. ABC's senior -- justice correspondent Jim -- reports. Most days Daniel blinds -- -- the normal life of a 48 year old single man yet but about once a week. This is Daniel an actual seizure epilepsy causes him to lose control of his body and his mind. I do it. Weird things -- swing my arms. And arms terms and sometimes -- pointless like cold and twist things up some of the largest -- -- was eight years old his mother has kept track this particular month with care about. Terrible for Daniel because he had a seizure while walking in his suburban Detroit neighborhood. Responding sheriff's deputies did not see Daniel's medical alert bracelet or recognize that Daniels wild -- and inability to communicate. We're not defiance -- resistance but instead classic symptoms of epilepsy So he's standing on the street corner waiting a bag right in the repetitive motion. Right which is a symptom of the seizure a repetitive motion going destined for the officer doesn't recognize it as a teacher. No he did his does that concern that ", "service dog an impending  seizure  in their  epileptic  masters it's been trainer I know who is an  epileptic . has trained her dog able to discard her  epilepsy  medication and the someone's about to have an  epileptic seizure  that would ", "what do you think it is about someone's about to have an epileptic seizure that would trigger a -- a sensibilities. That depends a little bit. You know there isn't a very good book written by a neurologist in Boston -- but Stephen checked and the -- -- brain storms. Epilepsy in their words and -- his patients telling him -- actually writing and reports of how they feel immediately preceding a seizure And they they feel very strange you know they might -- -- things or smell things or -- some such they -- ", "is it scientifically proven that dogs can pick up on a true epileptic seizure because from what I've read. It seems that dogs are aware of someone who was having -- non epileptic What is termed a cycle genetic or psychological seizure where the brain waves don't change so it doesn't look like the first like the person is having a real epileptic attack. And it seems like the individual is giving psychological cues to the dog. Where -- an actuality the person doesn't really have epilepsy can. Can you give us your opinion about whether -- really can pick up on true epilepsy Well it's true that those reports in the recent issue of the journal neurology. Sort of focused on the fact that there -- a lot of people who had they're supposedly epilepsy Whose dogs warned the minute -- an attack. And then when they measure today a -- whereas they found out that they were actually having non epileptic kind of convulsion. NASA circles like -- Janet says they will maybe these that's why they want them because the people are behaving strangely or maybe in the dog triggers -- -- Either way in the articles the dog was predicting -- has the article says. The siege of -- occurred if you read the small print and -- articles and as a footnote -- the -- of one of them said. It has since we publish this article three would dogs have been studied two with a -- -- -- one with real epilepsy And the one with the real epileptic What. The dog would report by walking up and down and pacing and predicting so they admitted that article fails -- -- in I don't any other article and it can happen. So they do seem to be able to however rarely you know you can ask a question how how often can they do what accuracy of it. Even those articles there is evidence that they can detect true epilepsy Now whether or not they actually can detect the seizure of beforehand. What can -- what virtue is it to have a dog during a seizure your -- to protect their their owners can they signal for help. Is there anything they can do while the persons having a seizure Yes so that we were just talking there about seizure let dogs who could warn there -- -- of an impending seizure They're also seizure response stokes so that when a person has decision they can have a say with them and -- company. Or be trained ", "debilitating disease  epilepsy  and  seizures  It turns out that there would have up to fifty  seizures  a day. Having him season could stand there have a  seizure  and fall down then parents diet become completely  seizure  And it's  seizures", "300000. American children suffer from the debilitating disease epilepsy and seizures -- It turns out that there is the least likely source of hope and our doctor Richard -- -- is back with bacon -- and -- butter cream. It's pretty incredible -- and -- in the foods that I tell my patients to take it easy -- but for the children you're about to meet this is what they eat over the course of the week. And this makes all the difference. When you're okay. Starting in -- street Evan would have up to fifty seizures a day. Having him season and there -- basically nothing I could do his parents say the medicine didn't work turned him into a zombie. It would take Kevin. Five minutes to walk across the street so He could stand there have a seizure and fall down then -- parents found beacon. This cure on a plate is known as the -- diet 90% -- like "]