["same time they're going to be sharing. Excitement was very it. Severe  morning sickness  hospitalized the duchess December forcing the couple to reveal the  pregnancy  earlier than they Once the cat was out of the bag of world lenses lower their ", "time they're going to be sharing. Excitement was very -- it. Severe morning sickness hospitalized the duchess -- December forcing the couple to reveal the pregnancy earlier than they -- Once the cat was out of the bag of world lenses lower their focus from -- soda engagement ", 'dignity" throughout the  pregnancy , and the way the birth was the prospect of Kate\'s  pregnancy  had prompted a change in The first months of her  pregnancy  were not easy, and she was early December with acute  morning sickness  that left her weak and dehydrated ', "II's Diamond Jubilee celebrations last summer. The first months of her  pregnancy  were not easy, and she was hospitalized in early December with acute  morning sickness  that left her weak and dehydrated. She seemed to recover her stamina fairly ", "interest because the prospect of Kate's  pregnancy  prompted a change to laws of succession Westminster Abbey. Despite a rough start to the  pregnancy , when she was hospitalized for acute  morning sickness , the 31-year-old Kate made a number ", "around weeks 11 to 12 of the  pregnancy  can also give women a better indicator of age than later in  pregnancy . For healthy pregnant women There is a risk as the  pregnancy  goes on that the placenta last December for severe  morning sickness , Rajasingam said there's ", "around weeks 11 to 12 of the  pregnancy  can also give women a better indicator of age than later in  pregnancy . For healthy pregnant women There is a risk as the  pregnancy  goes on that the placenta last December for severe  morning sickness , Rajasingam said there's ", "future queen be born. From Kate's  pregnancy  fashion to the odds on the name, click girl. Check out Kate Middleton's  pregnancy  fashion. Hint 3: The Type of  Pregnancy  In my experience, girls make for boys do. Hyperemesis - the excessive  nausea  and vomiting that landed Kate in the ", "she's sported throughout her  pregnancy  by wearing black high heels on Duchess Kate's Royal  Pregnancy  The traditional Champagne public profile during her  pregnancy  after a bout of extreme  morning sickness  left her hospitalized in ", 'for William Hill, one of the largest bookmakers in the U.K. After Middleton was admitted to the hospital with severe  morning sickness , rumors began circulating that she was having twins. Immediately, "we had a market out there saying it was 33 to 1 ', "bounce back from the acute  nausea , that hospitalized her weeks into her  pregnancy  ; saw her fashion evolve many questions about her  pregnancy , the baby and what's next and why of Duchess Kate's  pregnancy  and delivery. How Is Duchess recovering from a severe bout of  morning sickness  in her first trimester ", 'to help her grow during each stage of my  pregnancy . Our baby was meant to be born. She wanted a hard time and to be a great girl! My  pregnancy  was really smooth, I never had  morning sickness , never got nauseas or mood swings. She ', "the same time they're going to be sharing. Excitement was very it. Severe  morning sickness  hospitalized the lost December forcing the couple to reveal the  pregnancy  earlier than they wished. Once the cat was out of the bag of world lenses ", "time they're going to be sharing. Excitement was very -- it. Severe morning sickness hospitalized the -- lost December forcing the couple to reveal the pregnancy earlier than they wished. Once the cat was out of the bag of world lenses lower their focus. -- lost soda engagement ", "same time they're going to be sharing. Excitement was very it. Severe  morning sickness  hospitalized the duchess December forcing the couple to reveal the  pregnancy  earlier than they Once the cat was out of the bag of world lenses lower their ", "time they're going to be sharing. Excitement was very -- it. Severe morning sickness hospitalized the duchess -- December forcing the couple to reveal the pregnancy earlier than they -- Once the cat was out of the bag of world lenses lower their focus from -- soda engagement ", "don't earlier on in her  pregnancy  we that case were suffering extreme. difficult form  morning sickness  does that play any kind of a role in the  pregnancy . It and we're talking with an uncomplicated  pregnancy  labor and delivery ", "you this such action because I'm we don't earlier on in her pregnancy we -- that case were suffering from an extreme. -- difficult form -- morning sickness does that play any kind of a role in the pregnancy . It -- and -- we're talking about high Paramus says switches some people remember that the Jack duchess did suffer in the ", 'would be about right for a first time  pregnancy  1214 hours. Absolutely David and for more were with early on this in the  pregnancy  when we learned that was having some about high premises which is extreme  nausea  and vomiting. Usually limited to the first half of  pregnancy  the good news for women who have that ', "were telling me this would be about right for a first time pregnancy 1214 hours. Absolutely David and -- for this for the course of labor for a woman with her first baby. This is absolutely within the normal range you know it's been about fourteen hours according to the reports that the duchess was an early labor we normally break. A lever up into stages of early labor than active labor and the second and third stages of labor so this is absolutely. Right on schedule -- when we would expect to hear word that a babies and more -- -- were with -- early on this in the pregnancy when we learned that -- -- was having some complications. Also common in the first -- absolutely well we're talking about high premises which is extreme nausea and vomiting. Usually limited to the first half of pregnancy the good news for women who have that condition. When that resolves they can expect most of the time to have a ", "Prince Charles at the time there you see. The couple before the pregnancy . Prince William and duchess Kate's the next generation of the royal family and -- -- Where they're covering the wedding with Diane ", "causing this extreme  nausea  and  morning sickness . But this isn't different league. This is  morning sickness  like a tornado is risks at this point in  pregnancy , because it's so worse cases, anti- nausea  bipills. And in some this early in the  pregnancy , that means there's ", "ashton. You've treated lots of expectant moms. People are causing this extreme nausea and morning sickness . But this isn't. It's in a different league. This is morning sickness like a tornado is a little wind. This is intractable throwing up, nonstop. You can't hold any fluids or food down. And in some cases, like we're seeing here, hospitalization is required. This is potentially a very serious situation for the mother. Most of the risks at this point in pregnancy , because it's so early, all really fall to the mom. You're talking about potential for dehydration, electrolyte abnormalities. And in some cases, ", "kate, suffering from acute  morning sickness , just departed the hospital face symptoms throughout the  pregnancy . If she's been hospitalized already this early on in the  pregnancy , thateans there's a greater couple went public with their  pregnancy . When is a good time to ", "three days and three nights in the hospital, kate, suffering from acute morning sickness , just departed the hospital with william, waving and smiling to well-wishers. The palace told abc news, she will head to kensington palace for a period of rest. William and kate issued a statement, thanking the staff at the hospital for the care and treatment the duchess has received. Kate will be trying to recuperate at home. But this condition sometimes lasts through the first trimester. And some mothers in the most difficult cases face symptoms throughout the pregnancy . If she's been hospitalized already this early on in the pregnancy , thateans there's a greater chance she'll be hospitalized again. Often times, we see people coming back and back. Reporter: It's an eventful few I ddays since the couple went public with their pregnancy . When is a good time to visit her? When can you take me to the hospital, charles? Reporter: Despite the drama around ", "bring them down.  Morning sickness . To all pregnant higher the of the  pregnancy  we think that more  nausea . He may be an adaptive morning sickness  it  nausea  or little bit a And also the severe.  Nausea  and vomiting of  pregnancy  which is called hyper sort of. The normal  morning sickness  doesn't pose any ", "baby on the way but one thing tends to bring them down. Morning sickness . To all pregnant women have to suffer from this -- or is there a cure. OB GY and an ABC news medical contributor doctor Jacques -- this year more information document great to see it be that why do you pregnant women suffer from -- The million dollar question so there there's two ideas number one it comes from the hormones pregnancy . The higher the -- of the pregnancy we think that more nausea . He may be an adaptive mechanism meaning that from cave woman to narrow it may actually protect. The fetus from any outside. Food sources. -- -- poisonous food source. You know all of our food source is probably have some type of chemicals or something in it and going back. To the old days when there was poisons -- bad meat everything he would protect the fetus the women. That have more nausea and vomiting of pregnancy -- -- him better outcomes. And those that don't and that that's thought to be res -- all adaptive mechanism modern days it's likely that women -- are suffering from not want. Drink and engage in other sort of smoking some jewelry -- avoiding. I guess what the body things could be dangerous foods to debate that's the idea no one really. Now do all pregnant women suffer from morning sickness because I have to tell you have had two children and I didn't have morning sickness what -- an exception to the rule. About that the numbers show 85%. Of women have some type of morning sickness -- it nausea or little bit a -- And that that said ways to the next thing. There is also the severe. Nausea and vomiting of pregnancy which is called hyper and this this grab -- there now we know that sort of. The normal morning sickness doesn't pose any threat to the mother but does the severe version -- severe the severe. Version is when you -- for ", "Pretty much not not not a concern and generally how long this morning sickness -- Well -- can go all the way up to sixteen weeks they tell my patients about fourteen and it's -- and because they wanna know when is an. Now if it doesn't end. You should see a doctor also it starts say hey it's disposed and maybe can be something else so you don't want to blow it off in just it's -- morning sickness don't worry about it. It's not really fitting the picture you want to look for -- And -- do you prescribe remedies "]