['apne.ws/1458KKA AP PHOTOS: Francis begins first trip home as pope: http://apne.ws/12lLua0 AP PHOTOS:  Bolivians  dance in honor of St. James: http://apne.ws/14592RL AP PHOTOS: Mickelson takes British Open title: http ', "lawmakers on setting penalties against nations that seek to help Snowden avoid extradition to the United States. Venezuela,  Bolivia  and Nicaragua have offered Snowden asylum since he revealed details of the U.S. government's massive surveillance ", "Bolivian  President Evo Morales says he's returning maintaining respectful relations is important.  Bolivia  says the countries forced Morales to make spying on its citizens and other nations.  Bolivia  and Washington have lacked ambassadors ", "a meeting with human rights activists two weeks ago, Snowden reportedly said he eventually wanted to visit Venezuela,  Bolivia  and Nicaragua, all of which have offered him asylum. But Kucherena cast doubt on those intentions after Wednesday's ", 'In the  Bolivian  highlands along the shores of Lake Titicaca, the Aymara Indian community mines. In Guaqui, a little more than 90 kilometers (57 miles) west of  La Paz , dancers on Friday celebrated enthusiastically in a test of their luck ', 'In the  Bolivian  highlands along the shores of Lake Titicaca, the Aymara Indian community mines. In Guaqui, a little more than 90 kilometers (57 miles) west of  La Paz , dancers on Friday celebrated enthusiastically in a test of their luck ', "the resignation of the school's director after an audit revealed alleged corruption there. But Veronica Cordoba, a  Bolivian  filmmaker who sits on the directive council of the foundation that oversees the school, gave new details on the arrest ", 'include original manuscripts from "Che\'s" youthful "Motorcycle Diaries" days, to his diary from the mountains of  Bolivia  where he was executed by that nation\'s military in 1967. They are now recognized as world heritage and will be protected ', 'population of each nation except for China and Pakistan, where the samples were disproportionately urban, Argentina,  Bolivia , Greece, Indonesia and Malaysia, where some difficult to reach or rural populations were excluded, and the Czech Republic ', 'population of each nation except for China and Pakistan, where the samples were disproportionately urban, Argentina,  Bolivia , Greece, Indonesia and Malaysia, where some difficult to reach or rural populations were excluded, and the Czech Republic ', 'feel he could safely travel to asylum offers in Latin America. There are no direct flights from Moscow to Venezuela,  Bolivia , or Nicaragua and the United States has pressured countries along his route to hand him over. Kucherena said Snowden ', "at the U.S., Venezuela,  Bolivia  and Nicaragua have already America over the rerouting of  Bolivian  President Evo Morales' plane region. Venezuela, Nicaragua,  Bolivia  and Ecuador are led by populist flap over the rerouting of the  Bolivian  president's plane prompted ", "helping to save her daughter's life. Corey was expected to be discharged out of Novant Health Brunswick Medical Center in  Bolivia , N.C., this morning. But she has no plans to let this attack get in her way of catching some waves once she's fully ", "world but we're here in  La Paz Bolivia  and across the street ago and state to offer  Bolivia  and that taste of Italy an Italian who lives in  Bolivia . And it is Costa that Kaufman for Nightline in  La Paz Bolivia . What will these ", "a lot of Italian restaurants in the world but we're here in La Paz Bolivia and across the street through their stores -- -- restaurant that serves something you won't find anywhere else. Call it. Uniquely local ", "dinner. The news that -- addresses. An Italian has to come to Bolivia to -- -- truly believe in ditch. Local. All the famous Italian dishes in the world says Marco were created outside of Italy like spaghetti Alfredo. And here's the kicker that cost a plate of pasta at Beatrice and He played even the Coca two dollars and fifty cents it. So this is a truly Bolivia and dish created by an Italian who lives in Bolivia And it is Costa that is 5% flower -- the Coca leaf llama meat. And an assortment of spices including. Rosemary -- laurel they leave. And you know what. It's really good. Jeffrey Kaufman for Nightline in La Paz Bolivia . What will these doctors be watching this Thursday night. Want to see for yourself what the -- -- reason. 10:9 central -- ", 'After two weeks at the Moscow airport tonight Snowden has a lifeline. A new asylum offer from  Bolivia  joining those from Venezuela and Nicaragua overnight. But how can he get there from here. Finding a safe route from Moscow to ', '-- Snowden has a lifeline. A new asylum offer -- -- from Bolivia joining those from Venezuela and Nicaragua overnight. But how can he get there from here. Finding a safe route from Moscow to ', "doesn't think he has safe passage to asylum offers in Latin America. There are no direct flight from Moscow to Venezuela  Bolivia  or Nicaragua. And the United States is urging countries along its route to turn over. not seeing in to be some kind of ", 'in Latin America. There are no direct flight from Moscow to Venezuela Bolivia or Nicaragua. And the United States is urging countries along its route to turn -- -- over. -- not seeing -- in ', "anybody actually. right here about three weeks ago. Safe traveling right now he does have offers for asylum in Venezuela  Bolivia  and possibly even Nicaragua. But Snowden said he doesn't feel safe right now he knows US is pressuring those countries ", "Safe traveling right now he does have offers for asylum in Venezuela Bolivia and possibly even Nicaragua. But Snowden said he doesn't feel safe right now he knows -- US is pressuring those countries. And ", "there. On Friday night Venezuela's president offered him political asylum. That after the president of Nicaragua and  Bolivia  suggested that they were willing to do the same thing the problem for that he doesn't have many safe routes to travel ", "president offered him political asylum. That after the president of Nicaragua and Bolivia suggested that they were willing to do the same thing the problem for -- -- -- that he doesn't have many safe ", "there. On Friday night Venezuela's president offered him political asylum. That after the president of Nicaragua and  Bolivia  suggested that they were willing to do the same thing the problem for that he doesn't have many safe routes to travel ", "president offered him political asylum. That after the president of Nicaragua and Bolivia suggested that they were willing to do the same thing the problem for -- -- -- that he doesn't have many safe ", 'Villagers in a remote part of  Bolivia  have reportedly handed out their own idea. Of justice. Bearing a suspected killer alive. It happened in the village of look ', 'Villagers in a remote part of Bolivia have reportedly handed out their own idea. Of justice. Bearing a suspected killer alive. It happened in the village of look -- ']