['fast-track talks to resume ambassadorial-level ties absent since 2010. Those prospects dimmed after Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro  later offered asylum to U.S. leaker Edward Snowden. Kerry subsequently called Jaua and threatened unspecified ', 'fast-track talks to resume ambassadorial-level ties absent since 2010. Those prospects dimmed after Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro  later offered asylum to U.S. leaker Edward Snowden. Kerry subsequently called Jaua and threatened unspecified ', 'Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro  has lashed out at Washington\'s U.N. ambassador-designate for what he called her "despicable" criticism of his government\'s ', 'Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro  and his longtime companion, former Attorney General Cilia Flores, have married in a civil ceremony. Maduro made the announcement ', 'that Brazil would raise the issue at the United Nations. U.S. relations with Venezuela have been a lot thornier. While  Nicolas Maduro , appears to be more pragmatic than his predecessor, he has loudly voiced his own anti-American rhetoric since taking office ', 'protect him from the persecution being unleashed by the world\'s most powerful empire,\'\' said Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro  in a speech at a parade commemorating Venezuela\'s July 5 independence day. "He is a young man who has told ', 'Catch Up on the Edward Snowden Story Bolivia is the third country to offer Snowden asylum. Both Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro  and Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega also extended the offer to Snowden on Friday. Venezuela, Nicaragua ', 'options. "I have decided to offer humanitarian asylum to the young American Edward Snowden," Venezuela\'s  President Nicolas Maduro  said Friday evening, adding that he was doing so, "in the name of the dignity of Latin America." "He can ', "but reiterated that he must be on Ecuadorian soil or in their embassy for it to be granted. Venezuela's  President Nicolas Maduro  is in Moscow for at two day visit, but while he said Snowden should be supported, he ruled out giving him ", 'onto his presidential plane and takes him back to Caracas in first-class luxury. Reality Check : Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro  is actually in Moscow right now for a summit of gas-exporting nations. The rumor among journalists in Venezuela ', "ceremony attended by several heads of state, won the Venezuelan government a certificate and a photo between  President Nicolas Maduro  and the FAO's director, Jose Graziano da Silva. Maduro, who is facing accusations that he stole Venezuela's ", "relations. Venezuela's state-run oil company supplies steady shipments of oil to U.S. refineries. But  President Nicolas Maduro  and his government have not been formally recognized by the U.S. Maduro is fighting accusations that he stole ", 'Obama Refused to Recognize  Nicolas Maduro  as "Legitimate" President of Venezuela', "revere. And they chanted. And look closely. Protected by those paratroopers, the man in the yellow track suit. He's  nicolas maduro . Chavez's hand-picked successor. They tell me they trust maduro as much as they did chavez. But maduro's first ", "Protected by those paratroopers, the man in the yellow track suit. He's nicolas maduro . Chavez's hand-picked successor. They tell me they trust maduro as much as they did chavez. But maduro's first act as interim president "]