["penalties against nations that seek to help Snowden avoid extradition to the United States. Venezuela, Bolivia and  Nicaragua  have offered Snowden asylum since he revealed details of the U.S. government's massive surveillance program. He ", "human rights activists two weeks ago, Snowden reportedly said he eventually wanted to visit Venezuela, Bolivia and  Nicaragua , all of which have offered him asylum. But Kucherena cast doubt on those intentions after Wednesday's meeting ", '2011, shooting on a busy casino floor at John Ascuaga\'s Nugget in Sparks. Gonzalez, 55, former president of the Vagos\'  Nicaraguan  chapter, is accused of killing Jeffrey "Jethro" Pettigrew, who was the president of the Hells Angels\' chapter in San ', "date of issue. It also said he arrived in Colombia on June 8 after traveling through Mexico, Honduras, Costa Rica,  Nicaragua  and Panama. The group said it would free Sutay in light of peace talks going on in Cuba to end Colombia's nearly half-century-old ", "Rommel Sandino found out. He's a 28-year-old youth organizer with the immigrant rights group Casa de Maryland. As a  Nicaraguan  immigrant, he was glad to be able to tell his story through images. After having his photo taken in late July, he hung ", "date of issue. It also said he arrived in Colombia on June 8 after traveling through Mexico, Honduras, Costa Rica,  Nicaragua  and Panama. The group said it would free Sutay in light of peace talks going on in Cuba to end Colombia's nearly half-century-old ", 'By Love Possessed" to first-class passengers on a flight from New York to Los Angeles. In 1979, the  Nicaraguan  capital of  Managua  fell to Sandinista guerrillas, two days after President Anastasio Somoza fled the country. In 1980, the ', 'Nicaraguan  fishermen and sailors who call on Our Lady of Carmen to protect them at sea pay homage to the saint on her feast day, trailing ', 'safely travel to asylum offers in Latin America. There are no direct flights from Moscow to Venezuela, Bolivia, or  Nicaragua  and the United States has pressured countries along his route to hand him over. Kucherena said Snowden called him for ', "their noses at the U.S., Venezuela, Bolivia and  Nicaragua  have already said they'd be willing to grant asylum sentiment already simmering in the region. Venezuela,  Nicaragua , Bolivia and Ecuador are led by populist leaders who have ", "her life or the baby's is at risk. (The only other countries in the Americas with similar legislation in place are  Nicaragua , Salvador, Honduras, and the Dominican Republic.) The procedure used to be legal for cases involving medical dangers ", 'now be able to Moscow and find asylum in Venezuela or  Nicaragua  but Kenny make it to either country without avoiding offered him political asylum. That after the president of  Nicaragua  and Bolivia suggested that they were willing to do the ', "now be able to -- Moscow and find asylum in Venezuela or Nicaragua but Kenny make it to either country without avoiding US extradition. ABC's -- -- is following the developments for us from Moscow. Good morning Edwards who has been stuck here in Boston -- -- airport for nearly two weeks. But now Venezuela other countries are preparing to throw him a lifeline. The question is. Can he get there. On Friday night Venezuela's president offered him political asylum. That after the president of Nicaragua and Bolivia suggested that they were willing to do the same thing the problem for -- -- -- that he doesn't have ", "the Moscow airport tonight Snowden has a lifeline. A new asylum offer from Bolivia joining those from Venezuela and  Nicaragua  overnight. But how can he get there from here. Finding a safe route from Moscow to Latin America won't be easy every ", "new asylum offer -- -- from Bolivia joining those from Venezuela and Nicaragua overnight. But how can he get there from here. Finding a safe route from Moscow to Latin America won't be easy every ", 'now be able to Moscow and find asylum in Venezuela or  Nicaragua  but Kenny make it to either country without avoiding offered him political asylum. That after the president of  Nicaragua  and Bolivia suggested that they were willing to do the ', "now be able to -- Moscow and find asylum in Venezuela or Nicaragua but Kenny make it to either country without avoiding US extradition. -- ABC's -- -- is following the developments for us from Moscow. Good morning Edwards who has been stuck hearing loss this year -- into that airport for nearly two weeks. But now Venezuela's other countries are preparing to throw him a lifeline. The question is can he get there. On Friday night Venezuela's president offered him political asylum. That after the president of Nicaragua and Bolivia suggested that they were willing to do the same thing the problem for -- -- -- that he doesn't have ", 'he has safe passage to asylum offers in Latin America. There are no direct flight from Moscow to Venezuela Bolivia or  Nicaragua . And the United States is urging countries along its route to turn over. not seeing in to be some kind of position ', 'America. There are no direct flight from Moscow to Venezuela Bolivia or Nicaragua . And the United States is urging countries along its route to turn -- -- over. -- not seeing -- in -- -- ', "about three weeks ago. Safe traveling right now he does have offers for asylum in Venezuela Bolivia and possibly even  Nicaragua . But Snowden said he doesn't feel safe right now he knows US is pressuring those countries. And countries that he ", "he does have offers for asylum in Venezuela Bolivia and possibly even Nicaragua . But Snowden said he doesn't feel safe right now he knows -- US is pressuring those countries. And countries that he might ", "have to land there where americans could get help nabbing him? Reporter: That's his problem. Ecuador, venezuela,  nicaragua  said that they would take snowden if he could get there. And the flight from moscow to havana, his likely route out ", "americans could get help nabbing him? Reporter: That's his problem. Ecuador, venezuela, nicaragua said that they would take snowden if he could get there. And the flight from moscow to havana, his likely route out, ", 'Nicaraguan  police detained Eric Justin Toth, a former U.S. school teacher, suspected of child porn.']