['Republicans used their majority to cut short debate and give preliminary approval early Monday to some of the toughest abortion restrictions in the country as time w...', "Philadelphia DA calls abortion  doctor Kermit Gosnell a 'monster' after he's sentenced to life in prison without parole", 'A Philadelphia abortion doctor was sentenced Wednesday to a third life term for killing an aborted baby that he described as so big it could "walk to the bus."Dr. Ke...', 'The most liberal abortion law in South America withstood a challenge Sunday as Uruguayan opponents failed to attract enough votes in a consultation ballot to force a...', 'Republican presidential candidate Fred Thompson has won the endorsement of the National Right to Life Committee, the largest U.S. antiabortion group, three sources t...', "When Sarah Palin takes the stage Thursday night at a pro-life fundraiser in Indiana, she'll have a chance to recast her post-election political narrative -- after re...", 'The following is a primer on abortion laws in American history:American Colonies U.S. adopts English Common Law, which forbade abortion. The procedure was ruled a mi...', 'There is a little-known battle for survival going in some parts of the world. Those at risk are baby girls, and the casualties are in the millions each year. The wea...', "A majority of Americans like the newly inaugurated president as a person, but many are withholding judgment on George W. Bush's job performance, according to the lat...", "The House on Thursday fell short in an effort to ban abortions based on the sex of the fetus as Republicans and Democrats made an election-year appeal for women's vo...", 'Should pro-life doctors and pharmacists be free to practice their profession according to the dictates of their consciences? Should a woman have the freedom to choos...', 'Fox News investigates the Philadelphia  abortion  doctor charged with murdering babies', 'Jurors weighing murder charges against a Philadelphia abortion provider have been reviewing testimony from a key clinic employee.Dr. Kermit Gosnell is facing five co...', 'WASHINGTON - Activists on both sides of the abortion question will congregate Thursday at the annual March for Life protest in Washington to debate the possible pass...', 'Fred Thompson, the GOP presidential candidate who has struggled to stay competitive and hold on to his second-place slot in national polls, could make inroads with c...', 'President Bush praised National Right to Life Committee members as "fearless shepherds of the innocent and the unborn" in a taped message played during the group\'s a...', 'Anyone who tuned in to the Democratic National Convention this week could be forgiven for confusing it with a Planned Parenthood rally or NARAL Pro-Choice America co...']