['This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," January 22, 2013. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NANCY NORTHUP, CENTER FOR REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS PRESIDENT: Today is the 40th anniversary of Roe versus Wade and we are using this ad to bring attention to the fact that it\'s time to draw the line.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Oh, hey, baby. Did you think I forgot? I didn\'t forget. How could I ever forget our anniversary? All these years, so many people say we\'d never make it. They\'ve been trying to tear us apart, take you away, put limits on you, on me, on us.CHARMAINE YOEST, AMERICAN UNITED FOR LIFE PRESIDENT: Over the last two years since the mid-term elections of 2010, Americans United for Life is the legal arm of the pro-life movement. We have seen 50 bills that we\'ve been involved in that a pro-life legislation passed in to law.(END VIDEO CLIP)BRET BAIER, ANCHOR: Well, that ad there raised eyebrows, as you can imagine. This is the 40th anniversary of th...', 'Obama reflects on significance of Roe v . Wade  on 39th anniversary of landmark decision', "President Barack Obama is marking the 39th anniversary of the Supreme Court's landmark Roe v. Wade decision by saying that the ruling was more than just about establ...", 'Abortion opponents marked the 40th anniversary of the Roe v. Wade decision Tuesday with workshops, prayers and calls for more limits on the rights established by the...', "And now the most riveting two minutes in television, the latest from the political grapevine:The Scope of Roe v. WadeSpeakers at yesterday's pro-choice demonstration...", 'Marking the 34th anniversary of the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion, President Bush thanked thousands of anti-abortion marchers Monday for...', 'Four decades after the Supreme Court decision in Roe v. Wade, abortion opponents and proponents in the Latino community find themselves still heatedly debating the i...', 'Neither cold temperatures nor pouring rain seemed to dampen the spirits of the tens of thousands who gathered for the annual March for Life in Washington on Monday. ...', "As we approach the 29 th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, a majority of voters supports keeping the Supreme Court's landmark abortion decision intact.The latest FOX News/...", 'A federal judge on Monday temporarily blocked a new North Dakota law that bans abortion when a fetal heartbeat is detected -- as early as six weeks into pregnancy, c...', 'One of the most liberal members of the U.S. Supreme Court, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg could be expected to give a rousing defense of Roe v. Wade in reflecting on th...', "Thirty years after the Supreme Court ruled that women have the right to terminate a pregnancy, both sides of the fiery abortion debate are still battling over what's...", 'Supreme Court has reexamined Voting Rights Act, now it must look at Roe v . Wade ', '"Character, not circumstance, makes the person. " -- Booker T. WashingtonThe Supreme Court\'s narrow 5-4 decision to strike down a central component of the 1965 Votin...', "Republican presidential candidate John McCain , looking to improve his standing with the party's conservative voters, said Sunday the court decision that legalized a...", 'The Texas House approved new abortion limits Wednesday in a second special session, less than two weeks after Senate Republicans failed to finish work on the bill am...']