['Tuesday July 16, 2013 Happening Now - Nuclear Option for U.S. Senate? L.A. Violence. Arias in Court ', "The L.A. police chief says violence isn't going to be tolerated in Southern California. As many as 150 people turned violent during mostly otherwise peaceful protests over the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the death of Trayvon Martin. Some protesters broke windows and attacked people on the sidewalks late Monday.", 'She\'s back. Jodi Arias makes a brief court appearance today. Her attorney\'s want the judge to ditch a jury finding that the murder of Travis Alexander was "especially cruel." That finding makes it a death penalty crime. Arias was convicted of the murder back in May, but the jury was unable to decide on life in prison or death.', 'Keep a close eye on the U.S. Senate today. Harry Reid could invoke the so-called "nuclear option," and push through some controversial Presidential nominees with just 51 votes instead of the 60 needed to overcome a filibuster. It would mark all-out partisan war on Capitol Hill. 98 of 100 U.S. Senators made a rare appearance in a closed-door meeting in the old Senate chambers (home to the U.S. senate until 1859!) that went on for hours.. no deal was reached, but Senators promised to keep talking. A test vote is due for 10am. Mike Emanuel reporting.', "There's also a hearing on what went wrong in the terror attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya that left four American diplomats dead. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee takes a look. James Rosen reporting.", '1000EDT -- Senate Foreign Relations Cmte hearing on S.980, the "Embassy Security and Personnel Protection Act 2013", which would provide for enhanced embassy security. LIVE', 'President Obama giving interviews to four Spanish language stations today during "Happening Now." We\'ll monitor for news.', "The head of Mexico's notorious Zetas drug cartel was arrested by Mexican Marines in Nuevo Laredo.", "Thursday July 25, 2013 Happening Now - President Obama's Big Economy Push as New Polls Give Pause", "Wednesday July 24, 2013 Happening Now - President Obama's Economy Push; Congress Pushes Back", 'Friday July 12, 2013 Happening Now - Closing Arguments Wrap Up in Zimmerman Murder Trial', 'Wednesday July 17, 2013 Happening Now - Another Vote on Obamacare? NSA Spying Hearings', 'Choose an authorbardiseberteHarris FaulknerJon ScottmaguirespmoRick FolbaumShow Producers', 'Follow Happening NowFollow us on Twitter to get exclusive updates and announcements from the show!']