['The Republican-led House on Tuesday passed a far-reaching anti-abortion bill that conservatives saw as a milestone in their 40-year campaign against legalized aborti...', "And now the most riveting two minutes in television, the latest from the political grapevine:The Scope of Roe v. WadeSpeakers at yesterday's pro-choice demonstration...", 'The woman once known as "Jane Roe" has asked the Supreme Court to overturn its landmark Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion ( search ) 32 years ago.Norma ...', 'The legal right to abortion is settled for lower courts, but the Supreme Court "is not obliged to follow" the Roe v. Wade ( search ) precedent, Attorney General Albe...', 'Once again, the big issue is abortion. And while the happy-days-are-here-again headlines will be playing big in the mainstream media in the wake of the House health ...', 'Tuesday, January 22nd is the 35th Anniversary of Roe v. Wade. We can expect the more courageous presidential hopefuls to mark the anniversary in some way. It will be...', "The 40th anniversary of a decision older than the Supreme Court's ruling on Roe v. Wade was marked Tuesday, with legal experts still debating the controversial natur...", '[fnvideo 4508909 ]This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," January 24, 2011. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BRET...', 'The state Assembly has approved a Republican bill that would require women seeking an abortion to get an ultrasound of the fetus.The measure would require the ultras...', "On Roe V . Wade  Anniversary, Abortion Foes Increasingly Confident of 'Cultural Shift'", 'Anti-abortion activists in America head into their annual March for Life rallies confident that the huge election gains their allies made will lead to tougher restri...', 'The following is a transcribed excerpt of "FOX News Sunday," Sept. 18, 2005.CHRIS WALLACE, HOST: For more on how the federal government will pay for the Katrina clea...', 'Peppered with questions ranging from the right to bear arms, the use of nunchucks and her controversial "wise Latina" comment, Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor ...', 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Brit Hume" from May 15, 2007.JIM ANGLE, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Next on SPECIAL REPORT, Fox News is live at the Koger Cent...', 'This is a partial transcript of "Special Report With Brit Hume," July 19, 2005, that has been edited for clarity.Watch "Special Report With Brit Hume" weeknights at ...', 'This is a partial transcript of "Special Report With Brit Hume," July 19, 2005, that has been edited for clarity.Watch "Special Report With Brit Hume" weeknights at ...']