["Hot, dusty and surrounded by California's biggest oil fields, Bakersfield has all the ingredients for the worst air in the nation. ", 'By contrast, Houston (No. 18) has 25 bad ozone days a year while New York (No. 14) suffers just 17, down from 40 a decade ago). ', 'The Lung Association figures that half of the U.S. population lives in places where the air is sometimes unfit to breathe, contributing to asthma and lung cancer. And death. The data show that more people die of respiratory ailments on bad-air days. ', 'Hold on folks, help is on the way. California and the federal government are set to embark on some giant regulatory experiments that could help clean the air. The concern is, at what cost? ', 'The EPA issued drafts of their rules earlier this year, and the industry has run the numbers. Critics fear that green goals will trump economic realities and that the rules will cripple power generation and kill jobs. ', 'Coal-fired power plants will likely be the hardest hit. Electric power giant AEP says the new rules will likely affect 525 plants that produce 25 percent of U.S. electricity. FBR Capital Markets expects that plant owners will close 50 gigawatts of coal plants rather than invest in costly emissions overhauls. Bernstein Research is even more pessimistic, expecting 66 gigawatts, or 20 percent of all coal generation to be mothballed. ', 'This could lead to some real air improvements in places like Louisville, Ky. (No. 11), and Knoxville, Tenn. (No. 15). Already Louisville Gas & Electric says it plans to mothball an old coal plant, while the Tennessee Valley Authority plans to take 11 of its 59 coal units offline. Philadelphia (No. 12) too should breathe easier soon; the Portland Generating Station outside of Philly has already been ordered by the EPA to reduce its massive sulfur dioxide emissions by 81 percent in three years. ', 'Naturally, power plant operators complain about having to make costly investments in new technology to scrub pollutants out of their waste stream. And in California oil refiners resent that their cash will have to go to buy emissions permits instead of investments in emissions controls. ', 'The green lobby has no sympathy. The EPA says that such investments will pay broad dividends to society, figuring that every dollar spent on pollution control will bring $30 in savings on health care. ']