['Some say if South Dakota voters vote to ban most abortions that the Supreme Court could reconsider its historical decision', "On the 38th Anniversary of Roe v . Wade , Most Americans Still Don't Understand the Court's Decision", 'Lawmakers in South Dakota Plan Less Restrictive Abortion Ban to Set Up Challenge to Roe V . Wade ', "Abortion opponents, hoping to get around voters' objections to a previous measure, announced a bill Monday that would ban the procedure in the state except in limite...", 'Closing arguments are expected next week in the trial of Dr. Kermit Gosnell, the late-term Philadelphia abortionist. As the trial nears conclusion media coverage of ...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," May 13, 2013. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JACK MCMAHON, DEFENSE ATTO...', 'Addressing a meeting of Planned Parenthood last Friday, President Obama accused pro-lifers of wanting to "turn back the clock to policies more suited to the 1950s th...', 'A new poll released Friday shows Republican nominee Gabriel Gomez is just four points away from his Democratic rival, Representative Edward J. Markey, in the race fo...', "Gabriel Gomez is now just one step away from becoming the first Latino senator from Massachusetts.But it's a big step.The son of Colombian immigrants and former Navy...", 'The Kermitt Gosnell verdict is hardly a victory. Out of 7 charges of first degree murder to unborn babies, Gosnell was only found guilty of three. Of one charge of t...', "A federal court Tuesday struck down Arizona's ban on abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy absent a medical emergency.The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the ...", "Alabama court's wrongful death ruling used to recommend abandoning Roe 'viability' argument", "Life groups are hailing an opinion by an Alabama Supreme Court justice who argued that it's time to abandon the viability standard used in Roe v. Wade because medica...", 'An Arizona Supreme Court justice was confirmed as a U.S. appellate judge Tuesday, despite complaints from conservatives that he influenced the Roe v. Wade ruling whi...', "North Dakota's only clinic that offers abortion services is vowing to challenge the state's adoption of new restrictions that its backers say imperil its ability to ...", 'The Arkansas Senate voted Thursday to prohibit most abortions if a heartbeat is detected, ignoring warnings from opponents that banning the procedure as early as six...']