['Forty years after Roe v. Wade, a powerful shift is taking place within Big Abortion. What abortion advocates could not win through choice, they intend to impose thro...', 'Now that some in the media have finally been shamed into covering the Gosnell abortion trial, the only thing left for journalists is finding the right alibi for igno...', 'Abortion opponents plan to march in Washington in a demonstration that coincides with the landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision that created a constitutional, nationw...', 'Republican Gov. Jack Dalrymple signed into law a measure that outlaws abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy based on the disputed premise that at that point a fetus ...', 'Kansas legislators gave final passage to a sweeping anti-abortion measure Friday night, sending Gov. Sam Brownback a bill that declares life begins "at fertilization...', 'When the Newtown shooting took the lives of 20 children, the nation was justifiably horrified. Journalists reported round the clock on ways to change public policy t...', "North Dakota's governor positioned the oil-rich state Tuesday as a primary battleground in the decades-old fight over abortion rights, signing into law the nation's ...", 'In 1970, Washington became the first -- and remains the only -- state in the country to legalize elective abortions by a popular vote.A generation later, and 40 year...', 'Arkansas lawmakers overrode a veto Wednesday and gave the state the most restrictive abortion law in the country -- a near-ban on the procedure from the 12th week of...', "Arkansas has become ground zero in the battle over abortion rights and limitations in the country.Just last week, lawmakers overrode Gov. Mike Beebe's veto of a law ...", 'Given his track record on marital fidelity, former President Bill Clinton is not the person I would consult about "committed, loving relationships." Clinton used tho...', "The Arkansas House voted 53-28 Tuesday to override Gov. Mike Beebe's veto of a bill that would outlaw most abortions starting in the 20th week of pregnancy, hours af...", 'The Arkansas Senate voted Thursday to override a veto of a near-ban of abortions starting in the 20th week of pregnancy and backed a separate measure that would outl...', 'Democratic Gov. Mike Beebe on Tuesday vetoed a ban on most abortions in Arkansas at 20 weeks into a pregnancy, setting up an override fight with a Republican-control...', 'A pregnant Texas teenager is suing her parents to stop them from forcing her to abort her unborn child.Click2Houston reports a judge issued a temporary restraining o...']