['Governor Rick Perry Talks About Relationship With Bush Team on Laura Ingraham Show', 'Texas Gov. Rick Perry signed sweeping new abortion restrictions on Thursday that could shutter most of the clinics in the state.More than 100 Republican lawmakers at...', 'Historian and author Douglas Brinkley on why the Texas governor may be a strong 2012 Republican presidential candidate.', 'Texas governor voices frustration with Obama administration on lack of attention to border security, has advice for Wis. Gov. Walker on budget battle', 'Texas Gov . Rick Perry  joins 2012 GOP race, casts long shadow over early test vote in Iowa', 'Texas Gov. Rick Perry says that if he\'s elected president, he will work to make Washington as "inconsequential" to Americans\' lives as possible.Perry jumped into the...', 'Texas Gov. Rick Perry said Sunday that "mob rule" derailed state legislation that restricts late-term abortions, but he is confident the bill will pass when the legi...', 'San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro and Texas State Sen. Wendy Davis may have generated a national buzz for their proverbial 15 minutes of fame.The nation met Castro whe...', 'Texas Gov . Rick Perry  Gets Blasted by GOP Rival Michele Bachmann for Immigration Views', 'Texas Gov. Rick Perry , the current frontrunner among Republican presidential candidates, was assailed Monday by both Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann and Texas Tea P...', 'Texas Gov. Rick Perry is running for president, a spokesman confirmed Thursday, a move certain to shake up the race for the GOP nomination much to the delight of con...', 'Texas Gov . Rick Perry  spending weekend in early voting states as he leans toward GOP bid', "Texas Gov . Rick Perry  appeals federal judge's ruling on Virginia GOP primary ballot access", "Texas Gov. Rick Perry on Sunday appealed a federal judge's refusal to add him and three other candidates to Virginia's Republican presidential primary ballot.In a fi...", "Texas Gov . Rick Perry's  call for day of prayer and atonement shadows his potential 2012 bid", 'Openly and deeply religious, Texas Gov. Rick Perry organized what seemed like a slam-dunk event for a politician in a state where religion and politics walk hand in ...', 'Businessman Herman Cain won the Florida straw poll Saturday, beating Texas Gov. Rick Perry, the GOP presidential front-runner who just two days earlier delivered a d...', 'At rally, Texas Gov . Rick Perry  sends strong message to conservative evangelicals: Me too', "Texas Gov. Rick Perry sent a strong message to the nation's evangelicals Saturday: he is a member of the important constituency for Republicans that he soon may call...", 'Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott has formally kicked off his 2014 campaign for governor.The well-known, well-financed and fierce social conservative said Sunday in...']