['Kirchner tweeted . "It\'s all very humiliating." "[These] are decisive hours for UNASUR," Ecuadorean  President Rafael Correa  also tweeted on Tuesday night. "Either we graduate as colonies, or we vindicate our independence, sovereignty ', "series of espionage-related crimes. Snowden's reference to the Vice President presumably refers Ecuadorian  President Rafael Correa  telling a local television station that Vice President Joe Biden called him Friday and requested the country ", 'Embassy in London, meaning he wouldn\'t have to rely on his U.S. passport, but over the weekend Ecuadorian  President Rafael Correa  said the issuing of the document was a "serious error" committed without consultation with his government in ', 'Associated Press, Ecuadorean  President Rafael Correa  said Snowden is "under the care request for asylum," he added.  Correa \'s stance appeared to soften assume his responsibilities,"  Correa  said of Snowden. "But we also ', "reviewed and approved by Ecuadorian  President Rafael Correa , according to Univision news . This is after  Correa 's government distanced itself from Narvaez wrote the pass at President  Correa 's request, and the consul recounted ", 'for Snowden\'s extradition.  President Rafael Correa  has backed environmental lawsuits Amazon rainforest. In 2009,  Correa  also shut down a U.S. military Ecuador\'s leftist president. " Correa  wants international recognition ', 'or falsely portray themselves as protectors of free speech. In Ecuador for example, some analysts say that  President Rafael Correa  used the decision to grant asylum to Assange as a way to boost his popularity in the months leading to his re-election ', 'Conference. The initiative, which is led by Ecuadorian  president Rafael Correa , seeks to "threaten" the international community When the initiative officially launched in 2010,  Correa  asked for $3.6 billion over 13 years. The Ecuadorian ', "of Hugo Chavez's two million followers could be bots. According to Ivan Stalyn, 58 percent of Ecuadorean  President Rafael Correa 's followers could be fake as well. Jamming Messages This scheme involves using bots to jam messages that may "]