["said and his attorneys including those who work for  WikiLeaks . Have said is that the goal is to get long term asylum a lot going on. In terms of what he's leaking and  Julian Assange  told George Stephanopoulos a few weeks ago. That snowed ", "still a lot going on. In terms of what he's leaking and Julian Assange told George Stephanopoulos a few weeks ago. That snowed in these leaks are. Going to continue there is no way to stop ", "Secrets spiller  Julian Assange  has launched his  WikiLeaks  Party's Senate this year.  Assange , a 41-year-old asylum from  extradition  to Sweden to allegations.  Assange  is one of three Australia states.  Assange  says his party's ", 'Tracy Letts\' "August: Osage County" and the  WikiLeaks  drama "The Fifth Estate." Bill Condon\'s "The Fifth Estate," which stars Benedict Cumberbach as  WikiLeaks  founder  Julian Assange , will open the festival. John Wells\' "August ', 'up to U.S. rivals Iran and China, joined the verbal slugfest against the U.S. Ecuador has sheltered  WikiLeaks  founder  Julian Assange  in its embassy in London for more than a year and has given mixed signals about offering Snowden asylum. Latin ', 'end this August.  Julian Assange Wikileaks  founder  Julian Assange  was granted asylum August to avoid  extradition  to Sweden, where against two women.  Assange  did not seek asylum information on  Wikileaks . Today,  Assange', 'it/129kl3w BUZZ  JULIAN ASSANGE : \'NO STOPPING ADDITIONAL NSA SECRETS.  Wikileaks  founder  Julian Assange  said Sunday morning on "This Week,"  Assange  told Stephanopoulos that the  Wikileaks  legal team has "been ', 'Lawrence NSA ABC\'s Kari Rea: "  Julian Assange : \'No Stopping\' Release of Additional NSA Secrets "  Wikileaks  founder  Julian Assange  said this morning in an exclusive documents"  WikiLeaks  founder  Julian Assange  said documents taken by National ', "June 23. In another interview he suggested that  Wikileaks  founder  Julian Assange , who himself is hiding from prosecution in Ecuador's out this situation. Snowden is in contact with  Assange , who recommended he seek asylum in Ecuador ", 'the first known  WikiLeaks  volunteer to have controversial leader,  Julian Assange , for the FBI two grew to believe  Assange  was "guilty of corporations just so that  WikiLeaks  could have something indictment against  Assange , who is living London to avoid  extradition  to Sweden to face ', 'ABC News  Wikileaks  founder  Julian Assange  said this morning wanted to do?"  Assange  said, speaking Snowden\'s  extradition  back to the counsel from  Assange  and  Wikileaks . This morning This Week,"  Assange  told Stephanopoulos ', "above). Mendoza has acted as an intermediary for  Wikileaks  founder  Julian Assange , who is wanted in Sweden in connection with sexual maintains that US authorities are hunting him for  Wikileaks ' political activities. Metadata also showed that ", 'one-on-one with  WikiLeaks  founder and international man of mystery  Julian Assange  , who has been hiding only on "This Week,"  Assange  speaks out on the latest surveillance programs. How has  Assange  and  WikiLeaks  aided Snowden as he ', "defiance, the founder of  WikiLeaks ,  Julian Assange . Making history exclusive interview with  Julian Assange . He's standing bring this back to  Julian Assange . Back in 2010, an the revelations from  Wikileaks  would bring about ", "WikiLeaks  founder  Julian Assange  He was back in court today. Fighting his  extradition  to Sweden ABC's llama month. He decided to  Julian Assange  to. closer to London Saying that despite This  extradition  they're not going ", "WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange He was back in court today. Fighting his extradition to Sweden ABC's llama Hasan joins us now live from the London bureau good morning well. Good morning done and yeah I ", "the bail conditions that -- set -- month. He decided to -- Julian Assange to. -- closer to London next month when hearing starts his. Lawyers were arguing that -- wouldn't be able to make it in time that's one of the things that came out from today as well as a -- making a statement. Saying that despite -- -- This extradition they're not going to stop -- -- from releasing more cables and more document. Daniel earlier this story continues to unfold ABC's ", "Julian Assange extradition  to Sweden is on hold as the  WikiLeaks  reportedly holed up. At the Ecuadorean embassy in He's spent nearly two years in the UK fighting that  extradition  order Ecuador's foreign minister says his government ", "Julian Assange -- extradition to Sweden is on hold as the WikiLeaks -- reportedly holed up. At the Ecuadorean embassy in London asking for political asylum. British authorities had agreed to set us on back to Sweden faced sexual misconduct charges also -- from an alleged 2010 incident. He's spent nearly two years in the UK fighting that extradition order Ecuador's foreign minister says his government is now considering. His request. ", "interview with  julian assange . He's standing we have more on  assange , and the assistance mastermind behind  wikileaks  that's published to know. The  wikileaks  organization published disclo and now to  julian assange , from the equadorian ", "And now our interview with julian assange . He's standing by from his safe room at the equadorian embassy in london. First we have more on assange , and the assistance wiki leaks is providing to edward snowden. Reporter: Good morning. They were with snowden when he fled from hong ", "changing the way they communicate because of these disclo and now to julian assange , from the equadorian embassy in london. And joined by a former whistle blower from the u.S. Government. He -- she showed how the government was working post-9/11. And welcome to you both. Mr. Assange , thank you for joining us. What can you tell us about where edward snowden is right now and where he's expected to ", 'He has also broken the law. Let me bring it back here. Julian assange mentioned his father.His attorney has written a letter to eric holder, the attorney general, saying that he believes that his son would ', "Ecuador has political asylum to  WikiLeaks  founder  Julian Assange  massage took refuge in Ecuador's embassy in London. avoid  extradition  to Sweden that's where he of now it will still arrest  Assange  if he leaves the Ecuadorean ", "Ecuador has -- political asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange massage took refuge in Ecuador's embassy in London. -- avoid extradition to Sweden that's where he faces questioning for alleged sexual abuses. Britain says this essentially doesn't change any thing since as of now it will still arrest Assange if he leaves the Ecuadorean embassy in London. And try to go to the airport. ", 'Interpol  has been hunting  Julian Assange  now reports this morning. That the  WikiLeaks  leader is in Britain able to contact him.  Julian Assange  is in Britain and British sexual assault since  Interpol  issued a so called ', 'Interpol has been hunting Julian Assange now reports this morning. That the WikiLeaks leader is in Britain somewhere in southeast England and authorities there even -- -- telephone number and -- -- -- in London. With more on this morning -- Good morning Robin his legal troubles clearly growing a Swedish High Court this morning upheld an order to detain Assange . For questioning over allegations of rape and sexual assault. That will put more pressure on police here in the UK where we know he is staying and ABC news learned this morning they are able to contact him. Julian Assange is in Britain and British police know how to reaching. His lawyers saying he supplied them with a phone number and address when he arrived here on October. But police are awaiting clarification from authorities in Sweden where he faces allegations of sexual assault since Interpol issued a so called written notice against him this week he can now be arrested in a 188. Countries back in the ', 'The rest of  WikiLeaks  founder  Julian Assange  Pierre Thomas of hiding  Assange  was arrested justified.  Extradition  to Sweden ago that  Assange  is quote his name  WikiLeaks  also telling Jim we know  Julian Assange  has claimed increasing on  Julian Assange  is there ', "The rest of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange Pierre Thomas is in Washington and Jim shooter who is in London this morning Jim -- -- you've been working developments overnight what do we know about the arrest. Well David he is finally out of hiding Assange was arrested just over two hours ago at a London police station. By arrangement with his lawyers -- that arrest warrant from Sweden list for counts one of rape. One of unlawful coercion. And two counts of sexual molestation alleged to have taken place in Sweden in August this year a short time from now he will appear before that magistrates court. Where judge will decide whether the allegations justified. Extradition to Sweden his lawyer telling us a short time ago that Assange is quote. Eager to vindicate himself in to clear his name WikiLeaks also telling us this morning that this will not stop the release of these leaked documents and -- will continue. To run their operations from here in the UK. And from other countries David and Jim we know Julian Assange has claimed that these charges were trumped up in retaliation for the cable leaks but is there any evidence that that's actually case. Well the charges relate to allegations from two women and Sweden who say that they had can sex consensual sex with him which would -- Non consensual that's the basis of the allegations. Assange -- supporters say both the charges and the arrest warrant are trumped up they say that normally an international arrest warrant. Wouldn't ", "prosecute tomorrow. And they're looking at the possibility that they could charged WikiLeaks . Which some sort of criminal violation but that's the big question because. Is WikiLeaks a journalistic outfit they've never charged such institutions before like the press so that is a big question going forward and Jim you've been. Reporting for days now on the so called doomsday plan this apparent password that's 256. Characters long. But it would unleash all of the documents and -- -- increasing on Julian Assange is there. Any concern this morning that that could in fact play out. -- WikiLeaks has been intentionally opaque on this -- repeatedly and they said they don't comment on security matters but our best assessment. Always difficult with WikiLeaks is at the poison pill will only come if WikiLeaks itself is shut down. Or if Assange is physically harmed in -- -- or and it's always possible if the prosecution takes a -- they don't like all right ", "today. Reporter:  Julian assange  spoke from the sought refuge from  extradition  on sexual assault witch-hunt against  wikileaks . Reporter: And classified documents to  assange 's organization hero. Reporter:  Assange  made no mention ", 'with you today because I cannot be there with you today. Reporter: Julian assange spoke from the balcony of the ecuadorian embassy where he sought refuge from extradition on sexual assault charges in sweden. Thank you for your resolve, your generosity of spirit. Reporter: In a ten-minute speech he thanked ']