['museums across the globe, while the Trekker has snapped photos of natural wonders such as the Grand Canyon and the  Galapagos Islands . Google documented the technology at work in a YouTube video. The Burj Khalifa marks two significant firsts for ', 'The app can stir wanderlust, with features such as its Bucket List Trips to locales such as Machu Picchu and the  Galapagos Islands . In addition to staff-written reviews, I especially like the terse What We Love and What To Know listings about ', "live animal. But the giant tortoise is the real champ. The world mourned the passing of Lonesome George in the  Galapagos Islands  earlier this year. The actual age of old George is unknown, although it's clear he made it well past the century ", 'live at a breeding center on the island of Santa Cruz in Ecuador. Lonesome George became a symbol of Ecuador\'s  Galapagos Islands . "The plight of Lonesome George provided a catalyst for an extraordinary effort by the government of Ecuador to ', 'answered correctly with Seoul. As champion, Nagvekar won a $25,000 scholarship and an all expense paid trip to the  Galapagos Islands . Second place finisher Jain won $15,000 in scholarship, and the third place winner, Varun Mahadevan from Fremont ', 'Isabela Island in the Galapagos island chain. Courtesy Yale University A type of giant tortoise, observed in the  Galapagos Islands  in 1853 by Charles Darwin but thought to have been extinct for 150 years, is apparently alive and well. This news ', 'of North Texas Science Center with a mentor. She received a $50,000 scholarship for her work, a trip to the  Galapagos Islands  with a National Geographic Explorer and an internship at CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research ', 'the National Geographic Society and a trip to the  Galapagos Islands . For a moment early in the competition, things Australia. That might change when he goes to the  Galapagos Islands , where Moorthy plans to search for penguins. The ', 'together without cell phones or texting or all the other distractions of everyday life. We planned a trip to the  Galapagos Islands  and surprised them with the tickets and a guidebook under the tree. Time Spent With Family Is the Best Gift of All ', "What's the best place you've ever visited? A: I have been to many special places all over the world. The  Galapagos Islands , parts of China, Northern Sikkim, the top of Mount Kilimanjaro and the Valley of the Kings in Egypt are among ", 'Maps point to imaginary roads. Locals direct travelers "over there." But for true adventurers, the hunt for French Polynesia\'s unmarked Tikis is worth the hike. Travelers Neville and Catherine Hockley trekked in search of the storied stone statues earlier this month on the latest leg of their trip', 'Maps point to imaginary roads. Locals direct travelers "over there." But for true adventurers, the hunt for French Polynesia\'s unmarked Tikis is worth the hike. Travelers Neville and Catherine Hockley trekked in search of the storied stone statues earlier this month on the latest leg of their trip', 'The  Galapagos Islands  which straddle the equator in the Pacific 600 miles west of Ecuador pretty remote. But not nearly centuries ago. The challenge to keep them just as they are. Jeffrey Kaufmann ABC news on the  Galapagos Islands .', 'The Galapagos Islands which straddle the equator in the Pacific 600 miles west of Ecuador pretty remote. But not nearly as remote as they used ', 'keep them just as they are. Jeffrey Kaufmann ABC news on the Galapagos Islands . ', 'to FaceBook and Twitter. The apple is currently available for apple devices and Google plans to take you to the  Galapagos Islands  the company is sent their street view cameras underwater to post. Footage of the Google Maps later this year your ', 'available for apple devices and Google plans to take you to the Galapagos Islands the company is sent their street view cameras underwater to post. Footage of the Google Maps later this year -- your tech ', "New hope for a tortoise species thought to be extinct after the death of lonesome George  Galapagos Islands  we don't know about lonesome George. national park claims it found at least seventeen tortoises on the islands that have similar ", "thought to be extinct after the death of lonesome George -- -- Galapagos Islands we don't know about lonesome George. -- national park claims it found at least seventeen tortoises on the islands that have similar ", "also at home in the main force to watch chips in their natural habitat. Charles Darwin traveled to the  Galapagos Islands  and observe new species of birds. But go to study some of the world's deadliest crocodiles when they happen to ", "to watch chips in their natural habitat. Charles Darwin traveled to the Galapagos Islands and observe new species of birds. But -- go to study some of the world's deadliest crocodiles when they happen to live ", "is no longer enough to protect them. It is easy to see why the  Galapagos Islands  were named the very first world heritage site the United Nations here this is they're home. I'm Jeffrey for Nightline in the  Galapagos Islands .", "longer enough to protect them. It is easy to see why the Galapagos Islands were named the very first world heritage site the United Nations began the program in 1978. It's what it -- people. Very ", "here this is they're home. I'm Jeffrey -- for Nightline in the Galapagos Islands . ", "Darwin's first visited the  Galapagos Islands  and 1835 and He wrote that the retrained and brought to the  Galapagos Islands  and Ecuador. Their job to sniff shark has gotten so bad in the  Galapagos Islands  that officials have called in ", "And naturalist Charles Darwin's first visited the Galapagos Islands and 1835 and He wrote that the natural history of this archipelago seem to be a little world. Within itself since Darwin ", 'is destroying nature. These dogs have been retrained and brought to the Galapagos Islands and Ecuador. Their job to sniff and saved from extinction. These endangered animals which Charles Darwin studied while researching his groundbreaking work evolutionary biology called the origin of the species. Today Darwin might be turning in his grave trying to write a new book titled origin of the endangered species. The black marketing of exotic animals and animal parts like shark -- has gotten so bad in the Galapagos Islands that officials have called in -- super noses. The goal. Behind incorporating all the dogs and that they stop. Controls being used ']