["Snowden has said and his attorneys including those who work for  WikiLeaks . Have said is that the goal is to get long term asylum temporary still a lot going on. In terms of what he's leaking and  Julian Assange  told George Stephanopoulos a few weeks ago. That snowed ", 'Snowden has said and -- his attorneys including those who work for WikiLeaks . Have said is that the goal is to get long term asylum temporary -- permanent asylum rather in Latin America and the ', "Secrets spiller  Julian Assange  has launched his  WikiLeaks  Party's Senate candidate team for Australian elections this year. Assange, a 41-year-old Australian citizen who last left ", 'with aiding the enemy and other offenses for giving hundreds of thousands of classified documents to the anti-secrecy group  WikiLeaks  in 2009 and 2010. Testimony ended last week. The military judge has scheduled closing arguments for Thursday. But the judge ', "first conviction of its kind for a cyclist in the U.S. 4.  WikiLeaks  Trial Nears Closing Arguments Closing arguments are scheduled accused of leaking mass amounts of classified information to  WikiLeaks . 5. Jason Sudeikis Confirms He's Leaving 'SNL' Jason ", 'Tracy Letts\' "August: Osage County" and the  WikiLeaks  drama "The Fifth Estate." Bill Condon\'s Estate," which stars Benedict Cumberbach as  WikiLeaks  founder  Julian Assange , will open the festival. John Wells\' "August ', "information to the anti-secrecy website  WikiLeaks  is winding down after more than a month Manning leaked after they were published on  WikiLeaks . WHAT WERE THE DEFENSE'S PRINCIPAL leaked was already publicly known before  WikiLeaks  published it. A defense expert witness ", "reports on Manning's smoking and drinking too much caffeine. Manning gave loads of U.S. government secrets to the  WikiLeaks  anti-secrecy site. Prosecutors are trying to prove that he did so because he was disloyal to his country.", "Judge Won't Dismiss Most Serious Charge of Aiding the Enemy Against Manning in WikiLeaks  Case", "Judge won't dismiss most serious charge of aiding the enemy against Manning in  WikiLeaks  case.", "of Pfc. Bradley Manning. The defense says prosecutors haven't shown that Manning knew that the material he sent to the  WikiLeaks  website would be seen by al-Qaida when it was posted online. That's the hurdle the government must clear to convict Manning ", 'Lawyers are preparing their arguments on whether an Army private who gave government secrets to  WikiLeaks  should be acquitted of some charges due to a lack of incriminating evidence. The judge in the case of Pfc. Bradley Manning says ', 'to U.S. rivals Iran and China, joined the verbal slugfest against the U.S. Ecuador has sheltered  WikiLeaks  founder  Julian Assange  in its embassy in London for more than a year and has given mixed signals about offering Snowden asylum ', "reams of classified documents to the anti-secrecy group  WikiLeaks . The London-based human rights organization said Friday knew the material would be seen by America's enemies on the  WikiLeaks  website. Aiding the enemy is the most serious of 21 contested ", 'fellowship, which will come to an end this August.  Julian Assange Wikileaks  founder  Julian Assange  was granted asylum in Ecuador last August to classified U.S. government information on  Wikileaks . Today, Assange is a proponent of Edward ', 'of revealing classified government information. On Friday  WikiLeaks , the organization that publishes private, and often top almost part of their mission," Krauze said. According to  WikiLeaks , asylum requests were made to a number of countries including ', "interview with  julian assange . He's standing the assistance  wiki leaks  is providing mastermind behind  wikileaks  that's published to know. The  wikileaks  organization disclo and now to  julian assange , from the equadorian ", "or fugitive criminal? We exposed the world's secrets. He's the mastermind behind wikileaks that's published nation's secrets, and behind the global debate over the public's right to know. The wikileaks organization published hundreds more internal documents. He's embarrassed the powerful, and revealed top secret information about u.S. And other government activities. But ", "deserves. Edward snowden's father has spoken out, he fears that you and wikileaks are manipulating his son. He said wikileaks focus is not necessarily the constitution of the united states. That's a concern for me. How do you respond to his father? ", "But, I mean, this isn't a situation that, you know -- that wikileaks is in charge of, if you like. This is a matter for states at a very serious level to understand and sort ", "Snowden has said and his attorneys including those who work for  WikiLeaks . Have said is that the goal is to get long term asylum temporary still a lot going on. In terms of what he's leaking and  Julian Assange  told George Stephanopoulos a few weeks ago. That snowed ", 'Snowden has said and -- his attorneys including those who work for WikiLeaks . Have said is that the goal is to get long term asylum temporary -- permanent asylum rather in Latin America and the ', "is blue the greatest the prosecution now trying to dismantles. A woman's testimony. By way of a thousand touched. His  WikiLeaks  have to have possession. Of those secrets right now. And look there is no stopping the publishing have been stage. great ", "to dismantles. A woman's testimony. By way of a thousand touched. His WikiLeaks have to have possession. Of those secrets right now. And look -- there is no stopping the publishing -- have been stage. ", 'WikiLeaks  founder speaks to supporters from the balcony of the Ecuadorean embassy in London.', "doubt about it check this out  WikiLeaks  we've all heard about the entire thing with not only in  Julian Assange  but now. Edwards noted in website and it. its. showing  Julian Assange  as a heroic visionary but apps tag line for not only  Julian Assange  but also snow and it's ", "part of town there is no doubt about it check this out WikiLeaks we've all heard about the entire thing with -- -- not only in Julian Assange but now. Edwards noted in Howell was undoubtedly has got involved with -- snow and an -- -- Well now apparently -- -- working on a movie. That has to do what -- he links. -- sent to be released in October. Apparently going to be called the fifth states. And it takes a look at the early days of the website and it. -- its. -- showing Julian Assange as a heroic visionary but someone who then takes things a little too far. The movie trailer says you can't change the world without crashing the system which is kind of an apps tag line for not only Julian Assange but also -- snow and it's. You know they they seem to have -- taken you know in. The release of information some -- a little too far well Julian Assange is coming out saying that this is a massive propaganda attack. So there you have it -- may be able to get. ", 'land in russia, and this group,  wiki leaks  claims to be helping him get away few hours. Later, a tweet from  wiki leaks , saying he is traveling with samed sara harrison, an aid to  julian assange . And now to george stephanopoulos ', 'moscow, due to land in a few hours. Later, a tweet from wiki leaks , saying he is traveling with the legal advisers on the plane. And one person, snowden is traveling with a woman samed sara harrison, an aid to julian assange . And now to george stephanopoulos, because so many people are wondering what does this do to u.S.-China relations. What does that do ', 'documents published on the website  WikiLeaks . It paints a picture of a with the man behind the leak  Julian Assange  is his name to try to find down in London today with  WikiLeaks  founder  Julian Assange  and asked him what drives ', 'in US military history -- 82000. Classified documents published on the website WikiLeaks . It paints a picture of a war gone wrong in Afghanistan. The reports detail corruption in the Afghan government and Pakistani support for the enemy. Most alarmingly they contain what critics claim. Is evidence of possible war crimes by US soldiers. What we sat down with the man behind the leak Julian Assange is his name to try to find out why he did it Jim -- -- has the story. Its mission is taking on the powerful and seemingly untouchable. Exposing their biggest secrets so when we sat down in London today with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and asked him what drives him. His answer was well -- -- The combative president -- like crushing costs but is crushing bastards. In its own -- and -- just goes. We did the friends of Austin real -- people who have power and abuse their power to -- That people who we -- them. Today the quote bastards are the architects of the war in Afghanistan. WikiLeaks released 92000. Classified military reports spanning six years. Exposing Afghan government corruption and Pakistani support for the Taliban. And most alarmingly what ', 'their military and those that. Are working to keep this thing. But WikiLeaks is made a habit of ignoring warnings just like that chalking up a long list of intelligence -- since it was launched ', "the US that's been one of its biggest targets. Earlier this year WikiLeaks published this video the deadly American helicopter attack in Baghdad in 2007. Twelve people were killed including two journalists from Reuters. Three weeks ago a US soldier in Iraq named Bradley Manning was charged with leaking the video. Now some believe Manning could have been the source of today's documents as well. But in keeping with WikiLeaks policy -- protecting sources anonymity. Assange refused to say. Didn't deny that -- is the source of the material we don't know if it holds true. If those allegations are heard and of course the -- is that your. WikiLeaks self described heroic work extends to the broadest range of the ambitious and powerful. During the 2008 presidential campaign WikiLeaks published the contents of Sarah Palin's Yahoo! account. Which appeared to show she sent official messages on private emails to avoid public disclosure laws. WikiLeaks even took on the secretive church of Scientology's. Posting secret manuals online as well as accounts from former members. What's the common "]