['In the minutes after opposition leader Alexei Navalny was sentenced to prison, the Russian stock market took a dive. When a court released him a day later, share prices dropped markedly again.', 'The merits of the embezzlement case against the energetic anti-corruption blogger and charismatic opposition figure were widely questioned and his conviction on Thursday was quickly criticized in the West as a political put-up job. Ironically, it was his release that seemed to be the clearest evidence of a political agenda.', "The release was justified by the court on the grounds that keeping Navalny behind bars would deprive him of the right to pursue his campaign for this fall's Moscow mayoral election. By giving him at least temporary freedom Russia could bolster its claim that it does actually seek pluralism and full democracy, despite allegations that it's deliberately moving to authoritarianism.", '"Most probably, this decision was dictated by political motives," he told the state news agency RIA Novosti.', "Russia has laws promoting religious tolerance. Members of the country's most politically vehement punk band ended up in prison because of one.", 'Just before the 2012 election that returned Vladimir Putin to the Kremlin, the band barged into Moscow\'s main Orthodox cathedral to screech out a "punk prayer" against him.', 'The Russian Orthodox Church is so closely tied to the government that offending believers in essence becomes a political act. So the conviction of three band members on charges of hooliganism motivated by religious hatred superficially defended the sensitivities of the devout, but had a strong political taint. They were sentenced to two years in prison, though one has been released on parole.', "That may change, and not in gays' favor. The lower house of the national parliament has passed a measure calling for banning gay pride rallies outright.", 'In banning the adoption of Russian children by Americans last year, Russian lawmakers claimed they were protecting beloved tykes from abuse and death at the hands of adoptive parents whom U.S. authorities are too apathetic or disorganized to bring to justice. But the warmhearted concern came amid cold political fury.', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']