["Look for 'ship free' to find qualifying products. Applies to mailiable products sold by Sears and Kmart. Excludes Marketplace and delivery items. Additional exclusions apply. Please see offer details on qualifying product pages", '\t\t\tApplies to items Sold by Sears AND Kmart. This promotion is not eligible with international orders. FREE Standard Shipping on orders of $59 or more applies to mailable items Sold by Sears AND Kmart. Excludes Clearance items, Food & Grocery, Grills, Patio Furniture, Fencing, Tractor Attachments, Pet Food, Pet Litter & Supplies, Christmas Trees and Decor, Tires, Pools and Accessories, Trampolines, Outdoor Playsets, Kids Outdoor Vehicles, Wagons, Easels, Art Desks, Kitchen and Housekeeping Playsets, Treadmills, Ellipticals, Pilates Machines, Home Gyms and Weight Sets, Rowers and Steppers, Inversion Tables, Exercise Bikes, Bikes and Accessories, Scooters, Backboards and Rims, Game Room Tables, Tents, Air Conditioners, and Automotive Services. Offer applies to merchandise shipped via normal UPS ground service only (most items under 150 lbs). Offer does not extend to items purchased from landsend.com, Sears Parts Direct, Sears licensed partner websites, digital services, Sears Presents, and Shop At Home catalogs. Free shipping value varies by ship to location. Items shipped via lowest cost or ground shipping method. Lowest cost and ground shipping methods only apply to orders shipped to the US continental 48 states, and the District of Columbia (does not apply to shipments to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Guam, Canada, Mexico, the U.S. Virgin Islands or to Military APO/FPO addresses).  Products over 35lbs cannot be shipped to APO/FPO locations - all APO/FPO shipments are USPS. Estimated offer value ranges from $6.80 to $64. Offer excludes shipping costs on Oversized Shipping or In-Home Oversized Shipping Items.', 'As a SHOP YOUR WAY MAX member, you get FREE 2-day shipping on many Sears and Kmart items plus FREE standard shipping on millions more. There is no limit and no minimum purchase. Products eligible for SHOP YOUR WAY MAX have this logo .', 'This will disable access to your Facebook friends & recommendations.  You can reconnect anytime and still log in using your Facebook credentials.', 'StateAKALARAZCACOCTDCDEFLGAGUHIIAIDILINKAKSKYLAMAMDMEMIMNMOMSMTNCNDNENHNJNMNVNYOHOKORPAPRRISCSDTNTXUTVAVIVTWAWIWVWY', " It's our free program that rewards our best customers. As a Shop Your Way Rewards customer you earn Points when you buy the things you want and need. Then you redeem those Points online or in store at Sears, Kmart, Lands' End, the great indoors, Sears Home Services, Sears Auto and mygofer. The more you shop, the faster your Points and special benefits pile up. It's a simple, fun and exciting way to shop. ", 'Check out our new beta social shopping site where you can follow fellow shoppers, see ratings & reviews, create a public profile, and get everything you want easier and quicker than ever before. ', '\t Because the items in this bundle deliver high levels of quality, style and features at great prices every day, additional discounts do not apply']