["The Nash Ville Hotel is located in the heart of Geneva, in one of the most dynamic areas of the city. Due to its position, the Nash Ville 4-star hotel is the ideal place for your leisure or your business.    In the hotel's surroundings there is the poss......  hotel details", "Situated in the Geneva City Centre area area, under 15 minutes walk from Jet d'Eau Fountain and Paquis Baths, Novotel Geneve Centre is a 4-star central Geneva hotel and the ideal choice for your stay. Location of Novotel Geneve CentreIn addition to bein......  hotel details", 'Unwind with designer toiletries in the guest rooms at LES ARMURES which also offers a rooftop terrace and complimentary TV Internet access rendering this luxury Geneva hotel located in the area of Rues Basses - Old Town, a good choice. There are many gr......  hotel details', 'Situated in the Geneva City Centre area area, under 15 minutes walk from Saint-Pierre Cathedral and Rath Art Museum, Hotel Cornavin is a 4-star central Geneva hotel and the ideal choice for your stay. Location of Hotel CornavinIn addition to being near ......  hotel details', "In the Les Eaux-Vives area of the city, under 500 meters from Marionette Museum and Jet d'Eau Fountain, Pax is a cheap central Geneva hotel with free breakfast. Location of PaxIn addition to being near the metro/underground and near the train station, S......  hotel details", 'Furnished in an exotic style inspired by fragrances and colours of the Orient, Kipling Manotel is a sumptuous hotel conveniently located in the city center of Geneva.    Situated in a very calm street yet within walking distance of the Cornavin train st......  hotel details', 'Located in the city center, Hotel De Geneve is a hotel in the area of Geneva City Centre, Geneva. There are many great attractions nearby, including Saint-Pierre Cathedral, Reformation Wall Monument, Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art and Bourg-de-Fo......  hotel details', 'Located near a train station, Hotel Cristal is a hotel in the area of Geneva City Centre, Geneva. You will be within easy reach of Geneva City Hall as well as CICG Congress Centre and Flower Clock is in the vicinity. Also close by are Saint-Pierre Cathe......  hotel details', "The Hotel Suisse is a haven of peace in the heart of the city of Geneva. It is located in Place Cornavin opposite Geneva's main train station, and offers pleasant, tastefully decorated and spacious rooms with very well-equipped bathrooms.     Furthermor......  hotel details", 'Next to the beautiful Jardins Anglais gardens and only steps away from the famous water jet, Hotel & Residence St-James is a charming hotel located in the city center of Geneva and on the banks of the lake.    Situated 10-minute walk from Cornavin train......  hotel details', 'The Admiral hotel is ideally located in the heart of Geneva, steps away from the central railway station, the lake, the banks, the old town, the business and the shopping districts. Nearby you will also find several restaurants, bars and night clubs, op......  hotel details', 'NH Rex offers 4-star Geneva city center hotel accommodation in the Petit-Saconnex-area, just a 5-minute drive from CICG Congress Centre and United Nations European Headquarters. Location of NH RexMuseum of Modern and Contemporary Art, Rath Art Museum, P......  hotel details', 'The Bernina Swiss Quality Hotel is centrally located in Geneva, directly opposite the Cornavin railway station. Destinations throughout Geneva, including a convention center, shopping district, the airport, and the nearby wine-producing villages of the ......  hotel details', 'The Sagitta Hotel "Rive Gauche" is not only a hotel, it is a home! Warm, friendly and fully air-conditioned rooms, studios and appartments, equipped with all amenities you need. The kind and cheerful Sagitta team is delighted to welcome you soon......  hotel details', 'Venere Net S.r.l. Via della Camilluccia, 693 - 00135 Rome, Italy (single shareholder) ', 'Register of Companies of Rome (Italy), VAT and Tax Code No. 05649781001. Travel Agency License No. 305 of 05 April 2001 (Cyber Travel). Share capital: Euro 1,120,600.00 fully paid-in. Under the direction and coordination of Expedia.com Limited. ']