['Andrew Luck drew praise from his new coach, his new team owner and the usually reserved Tony Dungy after his first full-speed workout.The Indianapolis Colts\' new franchise quarterback completed 27 of 32 attempts Sunday, and made it looking easy, too."I think that\'s what impressed me the most, to see the decision-making and the lack of any indecisiveness," said Dungy, the former Colts coach. "He looked like a third or fourth-year guy in this first practice. I\'ve seen him play twice, Oregon against Stanford, and so I saw it from that perspective and you feel like, \'Well he\'s been running this offense that he\'s been comfortable with\'. But to see it here, and knowing that he\'s had a condensed offseason program too because of the school\'s set up there, it was very impressive."Nobody expected Luck to be perfect on Day 1. He wasn\'t.The former Stanford star, drafted first overall, threw two interceptions, one off a tipped ball. He also overthrew a wide open Donnie Avery, who got behind two def...', 'Dan Gronkowski got a job, Rob Gronkowski got a roommate, and their parents have one fewer channel to surf on NFL Sundays.New England signed former Denver tight end D...', "It's been argued that Peyton Manning is season achievements into consideration.The overall body of work is staggering. A quartet of MVP awards, the most of any singl...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.GREEN BAY PACKERS AT KANSAS CITY CHIEFS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Packers - QB Graham Harrell , T Chad Clifto...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS AT WASHINGTON REDSKINS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Patriots - QB Ryan Mallett , S Pat Chun...", 'Iowa defensive coordinator Parker to miss Arizona game because of complications from diabetes', 'Iowa safety Tyler Sash visited defensive coordinator Norm Parker in the hospital Monday, and all Parker wanted to talk about was football.The problem is, Parker can ...', 'Point No. 1: Dexter McCluster is a legitimate threat at both running back and wide receiver. I had problems keeping track of McCluster while watching Senior Bowl pra...', 'First Round1. ST. LOUIS RAMSSam Bradford, QB, OklahomaComing off of what longtime league personnel man Gil Brandt described as the best quarterback Pro Day workout s...', 'With Iowa, there always seems to be a lingering question about respect.Last season, many wondered if the Hawkeyes were good or just lucky.Iowa finally silenced most ...', 'Indianapolis Colts offensive lineman Ben Ijalana and linebacker A.J. Edds have suffered season-ending torn anterior cruciate knee ligaments.Ijalana, 23, suffered the...', "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.CHICAGO BEARS AT MINNESOTA VIKINGS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Bears - QB Nathan Enderle , RB Marion Barber , G...", 'Tight end Dante Rosario , who had spent the first four years of his NFL career playing for Carolina, was signed by the Miami Dolphins on Monday.Rosario played in 62 ...', 'The New England Patriots have released defensive lineman Gerard Warren and cornerback Darius Butler .Warren spent the 2010 season with New England after also playing...', 'The Indianapolis Colts placed linebacker Gary Brackett and safety Melvin Bullitt on injured reserve Wednesday.Both players were lost to shoulder injuries. Brackett w...']