['Data reported Wednesday show the market is clearly moving in the right direction: Housing starts posted solid gains in January. And with prices down considerably since the market bubble burst in 2006, the "affordability" of homes has improved substantially. ', 'But housing production, at under 600,000 units a year, is still far below the recent peak of more than 2 million at the height of the bubble just four years ago. Meanwhile, millions of homeowners face foreclosure, adding to the enormous supply of unsold homes on the market at distressed prices. ', 'Other recent economic data also point to an economy bouncing along the bottom. A report Wednesday showed that industrial production, as measured by the Federal Reserve, continued to expand in January. But as of December, the index had only recovered to levels last seen in 2002. That means industrial production now stands where it was eight years ago.', 'Digging out of that deep economic hole will take years, according to a forecast by Fed policymakers released Wednesday. The central bankers predicted it will take "some time" for the economy and the jobs market to get back to normal. In a previous report, Fed officials suggested it could take five or six years for economic conditions to return to full health. A "sizable minority," however, thinks it could take more than five or six years for a return to normal. ', 'At least some of the credit for the recent housing recovery goes to government initiatives to support the market, including a homebuyer tax credit and a Federal Reserve program to hold down mortgage rates lower though the purchase $1.25 trillion worth of mortgage-backed bonds.', 'After home sales perked up last fall as people went shopping in time to beat the first deadline for the tax, Congress extended it through this spring. But the credit may have just moved sales up that would have happened anyway.', 'The housing industry also is bracing for a possible rise in interest rates after the Fed wraps up its final purchase of mortgage bonds in March. Megan Talbott McGrath at Barclays Capital estimates that every percentage point rise in mortgage rates cuts housing demand by about 8 percent. Once the Fed stops buying, she expects mortgage rates to rise by 1 to 1.2 percentage points by the end of the year ', 'No one is expecting a return those boom year levels anytime soon. But without a substantial rebound in home building, the rest of the economy will likely remain stuck in neutral.']