['Courtney Scott, who lives in the Atlanta area, is "more confused than ever" after battling for two years to save her home from foreclosure. ', "On Jan. 12, she got a call from a bank representative who told her that she didn't qualify for a new loan after all. A follow-up email confirmed the bad news.", "Homeowners who have been turned down for a modified mortgage report that servicers often don't spell out why they deny an application, say housing advocates. With no formal appeals process, HAMP makes it extremely difficult for homeowners and their counselors to figure out whether their applications were properly reviewed.", 'Attempts to contact lenders and servicers often go unheeded, according to Brenda Lopez, chief operating officer at SurePath Financial Solutions, a HUD-approved credit counseling service in Camarillo, Calif.', 'Late last year, the government "issued instructions for servicers to specify in detail" why a borrower was rejected for the program and to consider other loan mitigation options, the Treasury official said.', 'In response to requests from housing counselors and attorneys, the Treasury plans to provide more information on the formula by the end of the first quarter, the Treasury official told msnbc.com.', 'That secret formula also has slowed loan modification negotiations with homeowners because many lenders are apparently unwilling to deviate from the formula, even if the investor holding the mortgage is willing to be more flexible, according to housing counselors.', 'The number of homeowners who have been helped by the program has been dismally small.', 'They also complain that the HAMP program has been plagued with numerous revisions and delays in issuing technical details attached to broad guidelines. Since April 2009, new program requirements were released nine times, and more than 90 clarifications were issued for new or revised forms, reporting changes and policies, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association. The changes meant mortgage servicers had to alter their procedures and retrain employees, which added to delays.', 'In July, as the pace of foreclosures continued to rise, major lenders were summoned to a Washington meeting with Treasury officials. There, they committed to modify 500,000 mortgages by Nov. 1.', 'By the end of December just 66,000 homeowners had been issued permanent loan modifications, with temporary modifications in place for about 850,000 more (who still faced the prospect of having it reversed by the lender.)', 'The Treasury official said the major focus now is on converting those temporary modifications to permanent loans.', 'Some banks and lenders have done better than others, according to a recent report by ProPublica, an independent, non-profit newsroom that produces investigative journalism. ', 'Others say the lack of enforcement is the result of problems with the program itself, starting with the contracts lenders and servicers signed with the Treasury to participate in HAMP.', 'Treasury officials say they expect to make some relatively minor changes this week to HAMP guidelines. But a growing number of stakeholders think broader changes are needed. ', 'Lenders note that, since foreclosures began surging more than two years ago, the primary cause has shifted from rate adjustments to job loss, which leaves homeowners unable to manage even a lower monthly payment. ', 'The MBA wants to see the HAMP program modified to include standard guidelines for loan forbearance, in which lenders temporarily suspend payments until the borrower can find a new job. It also wants to HAMP guidelines expanded to include interest-only loans, which the trade groups says could help more people get an affordable loan.']