['A.J . Ellis  homers, has career-best 5 RBIs as streaking Dodgers rout Blue Jays 14-5', 'A.J. Ellis isn\'t about to give opposing pitchers a chance to catch their breath at the bottom of a tough Dodgers lineup.Ellis hit a two-run homer and drove in a career-best five runs, Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched 5 1-3 innings, and Los Angeles set a season high in runs with a 14-5 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Monday night, their fourth straight victory and 21st in 26 games.Ellis went deep in the second inning and had RBI singles in the third, sixth and seventh. He also reached on first baseman Adam Lind\'s fielding error in the fourth."He\'s just consistent," manager Don Mattingly said. "He gives you good at-bats all the time. It\'s not always hits, but you\'re always going to get a quality at-bat from A.J. He\'s a guy who knows what he\'s doing up there.Batting after big names such as Yasiel Puig, Adrian Gonzalez and Hanley Ramirez, Ellis said it\'s important to keep the pressure on."When it gets down to the bottom to me and Juan Uribe and Mark Ellis, you can almost see the pitcher trying to ta...', "Zack Greinke's first complete game as a Dodger was an absolute gem, a two-hitter that enabled Los Angeles to squeak out a 1-0 victory over the Colorado Rockies in a ...", "If Ricky Nolasco can duplicate his first start in a Los Angeles uniform on Sunday afternoon, it shouldn't take long for the fans at Dodger Stadium to embrace their n...", 'Juan Uribe homered and tied a career-high with seven RBI against his former team as the Los Angeles Dodgers pounded the light-hitting Giants, 10-2, to deal San Franc...', "A.J. Ellis' bases-clearing double in the ninth inning lifted the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4-1 win over the San Francisco Giants in the rubber match of a three-game s...", 'The last time Zack Greinke faced Arizona there was a brawl on the field at Dodger Stadium.On Monday night, Greinke was focused and sharp on the mound and at the plat...', 'Continuing their recent offensive tear, the Los Angeles Dodgers pounded out four homers and 17 hits to record a 10th victory in 11 games, a 10-8 decision over the Co...', 'Ricky Nolasco pitched seven sharp innings in his Dodgers debut and had two hits and an RBI in a 6-1 win over the Diamondbacks.Nolasco (6-8), who was acquired from th...', 'Hanley Ramirez and A.J. Ellis hit back-to-back homers to start the 14th inning, and the Los Angeles Dodgers inched closer to the top of the NL West standings with a ...', 'A.J. Ellis went 4-for-6 with a home run and a career-high five RBI to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers in a 14-5 rout of the Toronto Blue Jays in the opener of a three-g...', "'Pitiful' performance by Johnson sinks Toronto, streaking Dodgers rout Blue Jays 14-5", 'Sent to the showers in the third inning, Blue Jays starter Josh Johnson had plenty of time to pick out the perfect word to sum up his performance.A.J. Ellis hit a tw...', 'Owners of first place in the National League West for the first time this season, the Los Angeles Dodgers look to secure a fifth straight victory on Tuesday night in...', 'A.J. Ellis went 4-for-6 with a home run and a career-high five RBI to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers in a 14-5 rout of the Toronto Blue Jays in the opener of a three-g...', 'Dodgers 14, Azulejos 5; Los Angeles suma nueve victorias seguidas como visitante', 'Matt Kemp did not face the crowd he expected when he returned to the dugout after his first at bat off the disabled list in the second inning.The stairs were empty a...']