['across the Atlantic at 20 mph (32 kph). The storm is centered about 615 miles (990 kilometers) west of the  Cape Verde Islands , off the coast of west Africa. There are no land threats, and little change in strength is expected over the ', 'the day or Wednesday night. The depression is centered about 310 miles (500 kilometers) west-southwest of the  Cape Verde Islands , off the coast of west Africa, and is moving west-northwest near 20 mph (32 kph).', 'people in the state especially those who are black or Latino. Melanie Andrade, who said her family came from the  Cape Verde Islands  to work at Disney World, told the governor how she lived in a gated community in Central Florida but that she and ', 'think we all aspire to, the first name that comes up is Nelson Mandela. And so we wish him all the very best." The president\'s comments came as he met with the leaders of Sierra Leone, Senegal, Malawi and  Cape Verde  at the White House.', 'port stops and tours in Monte Carlo, Monaco; Barcelona, Cartagena and Malaga, Spain; Casablanca and Agadir, Morocco;  Cape Verde ; and Recife and Salvador de Bahia, Brazil. Then we spend three days in Rio de Janeiro. The cruise has been an opportunity ', 'mid-Atlantic and is picking up speed as it heads toward the Caribbean. Florence, which formed just west of the  Cape Verde Islands , has sustained wind gusts of 60 mph and could be upgraded to a hurricane today. It is the sixth named storm of ', 'Alaska, California, Florida and Texas. The countries represented this time around are: Andorra, Botswana, Cameroon,  Cape Verde , Gabon, Georgia, Ghana, Guinea, Honduras, Kazakhstan, Libya, Macedonia, Malaysia, Monaco, Montenegro, Morocco ', 'couple plan to stay out of the Indian Ocean this time, sailing instead down the western coast of Africa to the  Cape Verde Islands , then turning east across the Atlantic for Brazil. "Piracy does occur more or less all over the world," Paul ', 'the Federal Aviation Administration; North African countries of Egypt and Morocco, the tiny island West African country of  Cape Verde  and South Africa make the cut. Reuters, The Associated Press and Ammu Kannampilly contributed to the reporting of this story ', 'sent two large Ilyushin-76 military transport planes on the 7,000-kilometer (4,375-mile) journey to the  Cape Verde Islands  in the Atlantic, where the hijacked freighter was anchored at the time. The fact that two enormous planes were sent ', 'Egypt and Morocco, the tiny island West African country of  Cape Verde  and South Africa make the cut. There have been multiple fatal World Bank and the European Union, have been successful.  Cape Verde , for example, was not on the FAA approved list 10 years ', 'navy to go looking for the ship and its 15-man Russian crew. They intercepted the ship five days later off the  Cape Verde Islands . They took it without firing a shot , arrested the suspected pirates who were still on board and sent them to Moscow for ']