['According to government data released Wednesday, only 9 percent of an eligible 2.7 million borrowers had seen their mortgages modified under the new program as of the end of July. Some lenders had not reported modifying a single loan.', 'Wells Fargo has modified 6 percent of eligible loans . Wachovia Corp., which was taken over by Wells Fargo last December, has modified just 2 percent.', '"We know we\'ve fallen short of our customer service goals in some cases," Mike Heid, co-president of Wells Fargo\'s mortgage unit, said in a statement. He said the company is aiming to streamline its modification process to a single phone call for most eligible borrowers.', '"We think they could have ramped up better, faster, more consistently and done a better job serving borrowers and bringing stabilization to the broader mortgage markets and economy," said Michael Barr, assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions. "We expect them to do more."', 'Since the pace of defaults and foreclosures began rising two years ago, lenders and loan servicers have complained they are badly understaffed to cope with the wave of homeowners seeking new loan terms.', "The pace of loan modifications varies widely among lenders and servicers. The best results among large loan servicers came from Saxon Mortgage Servicers Inc. One in four of Saxon's 84,000 eligible borrowers has received a trial loan modification with a lower monthly payment. Aurora Loan Services, GMAC Mortgage and JPMorgan Chase all had one in five qualified borrowers in a trial loan.", 'American Home Mortgage Servicing, with 153,000 eligible borrowers, was among the servicers that has not yet reported a single loan modification.', 'David M. Friedman, president and CEO, said the company only joined the program July 22 and expects to help 60,000, or about 40 percent of its borrowers.', 'Loan servicers who participate in the new program can earn up to $4,500 for every loan they modify. The reduction in payments means that investors who own bonds backed by these modified loan will suffer a loss. Since any given mortgage may be backed by bonds held by hundreds of investors, some servicers still face pressure from investors not to modify loans.', 'Unless the pace of foreclosures can be slowed, the fragile economic recovery could be at risk.']