['  Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later.', "aren't able to personally provide shelter and supplies to those affected by Hurricane Sandy,  it doesn't mean you can't help at all. There are many organizations along the East Coast that are providing shelter, food and provide shelter, food, emotional support and other assistance to those affected by Hurricane Sandy.  To donate, visit www.redcross.org , call 1-800-RED-CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. Nearly 100 Red $10 donation. Nearly 100 Red Cross blood drives were cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy  so blood supplies are low in the areas affected the most. The Red Cross asks that those able to donate, schedule an ", 'The film mogul almost succeeded in getting the estranged trio back together for the 12-12-12 concert benefiting  Hurricane Sandy  victims, but Jimmy Page nixed it: "He\'s got a lawyer who\'s Satan or something like that," jokes Weinstein ', 'done administratively, but in the end it will have to have some congressional engagement. This is almost like a  Hurricane Sandy  situation," Katz said. Norman Ornstein, an expert on Congress with the American Enterprise Institute, said that ', 'The group covered Beatles songs and played "Cut Me Some Slack," which it debuted during a benefit concert for  Hurricane Sandy  relief last year. McCartney told the adoring crowd that he was in the middle of a "Nirvana reunion." Later in ', 'done administratively, but in the end it will have to have some congressional engagement. This is almost like a  Hurricane Sandy  situation," Katz said. Norman Ornstein, an expert on Congress with the American Enterprise Institute, said that ', '2011-2012 Season (9/19/11 - 7/8/12). All averages based on regular telecasts. (*Note: Due to coverage of  Hurricane Sandy , w/o 10/29/12 was coded as a breakout and is excluded from the season count) . Emmy Award-winning "GMA ', 'friend Andrew Mlangeni scheduled to speak. U.N. staff also helped to rebuild homes in Long Island destroyed by  Hurricane Sandy . WASHINGTON: The Congressional Black Caucus celebrated the life and legacy of Mandela at the Emancipation Hall in ', 'friend Andrew Mlangeni scheduled to speak. U.N. staff also helped to rebuild homes in Long Island destroyed by  Hurricane Sandy . WASHINGTON: The Congressional Black Caucus celebrated the life and legacy of Mandela at the Emancipation Hall in ', "bank accounts. Forteau allegedly had his victims' Social Security payments sent to his own accounts. He posed as a  Hurricane Sandy  victim who lost his home to explain the diverted money to bank officials, police said. Police were able to identify ", 'An elderly Staten Island resident whose home was destroyed in supertsorm  Sandy  returned from a vacation this week to find her recently-rebuilt house burglarized and torched to the ground. Mary Roberts ', 'Even with Republicans able to stop almost anything with a filibuster, the Senate in the past year approved aid to  Hurricane Sandy  victims, renewed the Violence Against Women Act, and approved a White House-brokered solution to the "fiscal cliff ', '2011-2012 Season (9/19/11 - 7/1/12). All averages based on regular telecasts. (*Note: Due to coverage of  Hurricane Sandy , w/o 10/29/12 was coded as a breakout and is excluded from the season count) . Emmy Award-winning "GMA ', 'It was for the benefit of Superstorm  Sandy  victims. She asked the crowd: "We like was humbled to perform at a benefit for  Sandy  victims. Major League Baseball made a $1 million donation for  Sandy  relief efforts. The singer appeared ', "on Central Park's Great Lawn on Saturday for the 2013 MLB All-Star Charity Concert. It was for the benefit of Superstorm  Sandy  victims. The 43-year-old went to the hospital Sunday after dislocating her shoulder while filming a music video. She told ", 'to raise money for young boy severely injured during  hurricane sandy . Date Nasser Ross started off New York City last Wednesday the boy. Who suffered a traumatic brain injury when  sandy  knocked loose a tree which fell on his head the money ', "for 900 miles to raise money for young boy severely injured during hurricane sandy . Date Nasser Ross started off -- New York City last Wednesday. And -- his way to Jefferson Georgia arriving Monday morning the 900 mile track raised 155000. Dollars for the boy. Who suffered a traumatic brain injury when sandy knocked loose a tree -- which fell on his head the money will allow the boy's mom to state biased side while ", "foot higher than a century ago that didn't cause  hurricane sandy  but it certainly contributed. To the destruction frequent and costly storms. What we've learned from  hurricane sandy . And other disasters is that we've got to build ", "Are now a foot higher than a century ago that didn't cause hurricane sandy but it certainly contributed. To the destruction. That left large parts of ramadi a city dark and underwater. The potential impacts go ", "insurance policy against more frequent and costly storms. What we've learned from hurricane sandy . And other disasters is that we've got to build smarter. More resilient infrastructure that can protect our homes and businesses and withstand ", "billion. By last year? Extreme weather and climate costs nearly doubled to $110 billion. 377 people were killed.  Hurricane sandy 's tab? 65 billion. Drought and heat waves, another $30 billion. Fighting the black forest fire here in colorado ", "and climate costs nearly doubled to $110 billion. 377 people were killed. Hurricane sandy's tab? 65 billion. Drought and heat waves, another $30 billion. Fighting the black forest fire here in colorado has already cost more ", "men talking about the lessons learned. After super storms  sandy  but it was hard to ignore the politics. In the Now we're President Obama just weeks before the election for his help with  hurricane sandy . But either way from Washington to Chicago the race for 2016 ", 'on President Obama just weeks before the election for his help with hurricane sandy . But either way from Washington to Chicago the race for 2016. Is -- -- for better or worse brain anatomy thank you ', 'the north carolina coast during  hurricane sandy . The crew members are talking some of the enduring images of  hurricane sandy . The ship wreck crew of "the walbridge writing on facebook, with  hurricane sandy  on the move, a ship is safer ', 'hms bounty." The ship that sank off the north carolina coast during hurricane sandy . The crew members are talking about their harrowing ordeal. And matt gutman joins us this morning. Reporter: Good morning, elizabeth. A terrifying ', 'of the coast guard. They were some of the enduring images of hurricane sandy . The ship wreck crew of "the bounty," poking their heads out of a liferaft. The doomed ship, sinking. There must have been ', 'Going down giant slides. Reporter: Captain robin walbridge writing on facebook, with hurricane sandy on the move, a ship is safer at sea than at port. Three days into the voyage, they found themselves in the ', "They're getting too far from the stormy but we sure do what some celebrities are tweeting about  hurricane sandy  Lindsay Lohan signed with the gym here. She wrote why is it anyway why is everyone in such a panic about. Now hurricane I'm ", 'the stormy but we sure do what some celebrities are tweeting about hurricane sandy -- Lindsay Lohan signed with the gym here. She wrote why is it anyway -- why is everyone in such a panic ']