['then-Sen. Barack Obama\'s chances in the election.  Hurricane Ike  caused at least 500,000 gallons of oil to leak into appearance on "Saturday Night Live" in the wake of  Hurricane Ike . Romney\'s so-called "Victory Rally" in Dayton ', 'tropical cyclone since 1988. Superstorm Sandy is also much larger than other hurricanes -- also twice the size of  Hurricane Ike ! 4. Record-Setting Snowfall As superstorm Sandy moves north, western North Carolina is seeing very atypical snowfall ', 'filed an insurance claim until  Hurricane Ike  in 2008 and had always paid his after he says the high winds of  Hurricane Ike  caused the shingles on his roof of civil litigation involving  Hurricane Ike  claims. To date, we have paid ', 'was first exposed after Hurricane Camille in 1969, then again in 2004 after Hurricane Ivan, and again in 2008 after  Hurricane Ike . But Isaac unearthed more of the ship than has been seen before, bringing droves of people out to see the bit of ', 'From the U.S. and the Caribbean he has reported on the approach and aftermath of numerous hurricanes, including  Hurricane Ike  that struck Texas in 2008 and category-four Hurricane Wilma that hit Cancun Mexico in 2005. He was in Haiti in February ', 'home in Seabrook, near Galveston, was destroyed by  Hurricane Ike  in 2008, he still is waiting for a resolution after spokeswoman continued. A Deadly Storm, Missing Belongings  Hurricane Ike  was one of the deadliest and costliest to the state ', 'coming a year where not a single hurricane made landfall in the United States. The calendar season starts Tuesday and runs through the end of November. The photo below shows  Hurricane Ike  as shot by NASA from the International Space Station.', 'residency training. In contrast to the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston, which faced adversity following  Hurricane Ike  in 2008, the pace of recovery in New Orleans has been more gradual, in terms of facilities. But, in terms of people ', 'News Heene "put the kids in the line of fire a bit too much. "The last straw for us was when Hurricane Gustav and  Hurricane Ike  were heading toward the Texas coastline and Heene wanted to go back there and take the kids," she said Thursday ', 'his kids in the line of fire a bit too much," Slusser said. "The last straw for us was when Hurricane Gustav and  Hurricane Ike  were heading toward the Texas coastline and Heene wanted to go back there and take the kids," she said. Click here ', 'said. The Galveston facility has been closed since  Hurricane Ike  last year. Semb said he would like to see a compromise Shriners meeting, arguing that Semb and the trustees used  Hurricane Ike  as an excuse to keep the facility closed. "I know ', "Paulson and other people. About  Hurricane Ike . Obviously this is a huge storm you President Bush talking about  Hurricane Ike  which we've been following all indication. But just us serious  Hurricane Ike  is enough how much they want to ", 'Report. The video conference secretary Chertoff director Paulson and other people. About Hurricane Ike . Obviously this is a huge storm. That is causing a lot of damage. Not only in. Texas. But also -- Louisiana. The ', "programming for many -- you to bring you President Bush talking about Hurricane Ike which we've been following all morning it crashed ashore. Intent is just hours ago still raging through Houston which is where we ", 'coming out to speak to the nation indication. But just us serious Hurricane Ike is enough how much they want to see it stay in front of it and -- am sure those people down here ', "get some would ask what they're all they're great. I don't know. A battered town Levy reportedly broke after  Hurricane Ike  hit. Within hours minor flooding turned into a major disaster. 600 people had been evacuated by nightfall. Residents ", "they're great. I don't know. A battered town Levy reportedly broke after Hurricane Ike hit. Within hours minor flooding turned into a major disaster. 600 people had been evacuated by nightfall. Residents had been urged to ", 'Hurricane Ike  hovering over Cuba today nearly a million people flee to higher ground orders have been called off. Jeffrey Kaufman reports from Key West. As  Hurricane Ike  churns its way through the Caribbean here in Key West they are ready ', 'Hurricane Ike hovering over Cuba today nearly a million people flee to higher ground the storm approaches the capital city of Havana. -- not less than 100 miles away in Florida Keys evacuation orders have been called off. Jeffrey Kaufman reports from Key West. As Hurricane Ike churns its way through the Caribbean here in Key West they are ready -- hurricane shutters up here on Duval street. But ', 'independent gas stations are trying to a boy now that  Hurricane Ike  is headed toward oil rich refineries in the Gulf Coast and demand remains the same or increases. That means  Hurricane Ike  could cause a spike at the pump I think you give us ', 'exactly what independent gas stations are trying to a boy now that Hurricane Ike is headed toward oil rich refineries in the Gulf Coast. In years past the mere threat of a refinery shut down tested ', "produce enough fuel and demand remains the same or increases. That means Hurricane Ike could cause a spike at the pump I think you give us. Experts say until the storm strikes it's ridiculous to fear ", 'Coast where residents are preparing for the onslaught of  Hurricane Ike  expected to arrive later tomorrow has more from Surfside Texas.  Hurricane Ike  is still several hundred miles out in the gulf landfall ', 'Texas Gulf Coast where residents are preparing for the onslaught of Hurricane Ike expected to arrive later tomorrow -- -- has more from Surfside Texas. Hurricane Ike is still several hundred miles out in the gulf landfall still at least a day away. But along the Texas coast you ', "officials say millions there face weeks without electricity ABC's Clayton and Dallas and Houston with the latest.  Hurricane Ike  came and went in just a few hours. The problems that left behind will last for months years she's. In this area ", "weeks without electricity ABC's Clayton and Dallas and Houston with the latest. Hurricane Ike came and went in just a few hours. The problems that left behind will last for months years she's. In this area ", "Hello I'm Jacqui highlighted ABC news in new York and this is this Saturday edition of the world news webcast.  Hurricane Ike  made landfall as a powerful category 2 storm early this morning pummeling the densely populated Texas coast around ", 'York and this is this Saturday edition of the world news webcast. Hurricane Ike made landfall as a powerful category 2 storm early this morning pummeling the densely populated Texas coast around Houston. With winds over ']