["even worse for the airlines. The cost of refining  oil  into jet fuel has also soared, which is one of the list, Boston, Denver, greater Los Angeles, the  Florida panhandle beaches  and Washington, D.C. (See? You don't have ", 'Tropical Storm Lee is heading for Gulf Coast  beaches  this weekend.  Beaches  from the  Florida panhandle  to the Texas coast could be hit with torrential evacuations of some personnel from offshore  oil  rigs, the report said. Feltgen said the ', "bad news. Last year's  oil spill  had a major effect on some  Florida panhandle beaches . Some of them had no issues jaw-dropping examples of  oil -soaked birds and blackened data shows some Mexican  beaches  are even cheaper than similar ", "suggests that plenty of  oil  remains in the waters the latest on the  oil spill  tonight on ABC NOAA Defends BP  Oil Spill  Estimates The government's Florida discovered  oil  littered on the sea 40 miles from the  Florida panhandle , a phenomenon that ", 'for the latest on the  oil spill . "What we\'re looking Shrinking Maps of the  oil slick  show that in the last a heck of a lot of  oil  out in the Gulf of Mexico." While  oil  has hit  beaches  and marshes in four there is now no sign of  oil  along the  Florida panhandle . Scientists also say ', "the loop current , the  oil  would bypass Florida's to be besieged by the  oil , though Texas will be not thick blankets of  oil , but that type of material Tourists on Dauphin Island  Beaches  Along the Gulf Coast Businesses along the  Florida panhandle  expected a record year ", 'turtles flap onto the  beaches  of Gulf Shores, Ala to their Gulf Coast  beaches  where they were born in Alabama and the  Florida Panhandle . In this particular turtles scattered on the  beaches . "We have  oil  in the water. We have circumstance. Because of this  oil spill , it\'s actually created ', 'Tropical Depression in Western Caribbean Could Complicate Oil Spill  Cleanup and Recovery', 'could have on the  oil spill  that already has Storm Could Spread  Oil  The  oil slick  likely would have marshlands and  beaches  by driving more  oil  further ashore border to the  Florida panhandle  and the  oil spill . "Obviously ', 'BP Oil  Disaster: Containment Cap Reattached; Two Involved in Clean-Up Die, One a Suicide', "8,000 barrels of  oil  per day. The current Effort to Contol BP  Oil Spill  The containment cap Administration, show that the  oil slick  has spread over much Deepwater Horizon sank.  Oil  has been reported in have been found on the  beaches  of southern Mississippi, Alabama and the  Florida panhandle . Louisiana's Gov Every day they wait,  oil  comes to our wetlands ", 'BP Spill: Beachgoers Flee, Locals Continue to Struggle As More Oil  Heads for the Gulf Coast', 'changed since the BP  oil spill  began 63 days ago.  Beaches  from Louisiana to the  Florida panhandle , full with beachgoers been halted due to the  oil spill , her hours have been he will not attend an  oil  conference in London ', 'clean up affected  beaches . "You might not properties and its  beaches , which so far clear that early  oil spill  containment efforts Businesses along the  Florida panhandle  and down the Florida impacted by the  oil spill ." Ricardo Martinez-Cid ', 'cleanup of the Gulf  oil spill  to sign waivers Stephanopoulos. The  oil slick  in the Gulf of affected by the  oil slick  have a clear claims wildlife including an  oil -covered bird Mississippi River to the  Florida Panhandle , have been closed ', 'gallons of  oil  spew daily water, and the  oil slick  is already River to the  Florida Panhandle , have been because of the  oil spill . Cargo ships clean up the  oil spill  polluting the States The  oil slick  in the Gulf ', "Florida and big  oil slick  now just miles we said that  oil  is less than miles from the  beaches  of the  Florida Panhandle . One official coastline and  beaches  have now been Alabama and  oil  on its way impact the  Florida Panhandle  as early as looks like  oil . There is million. The  beaches  are clean guess about the  oil spill  mess. There's ", "you may remember. We should -- Tony Hayward same guess about the oil spill mess. There's no one wants the singers who -- -- you know and love my life back. Like his life back -- ", "Florida and big  oil slick  now just miles we said that  oil  is less than miles from the  beaches  of the  Florida Panhandle . One official coastline and  beaches  have now been Alabama and  oil  on its way impact the  Florida Panhandle  as early as looks like  oil . There is million. The  beaches  are clean same about the  oil spill  mess. There's ", "you may remember. We should -- Tony Hayward same -- about the oil spill mess. There's no one -- the -- who have moved -- I didn't know and love my life back. Like his life ", 'oil slick  today the president because that huge  oil slick  in large part protect the  beaches  you know everything thought the  oil  would make landfall coast in the  Florida Panhandle . But that could of that this  oil slick  has already ', "-- oil slick today the president in the gulf saying this could turn out to be a quote unprecedented environmental disaster. Jeffrey Kaufmann is in Venice Louisiana tonight Jeffrey good evening. And good evening dear David a bit of a reprieve believe it or not the heavy rains but this weather both. Storms in stormy seas continues to undermine the recovery efforts. Some comfort though because that huge oil slick in large part has not made landfall and it's not expected to release 72 hours. With close to two million gallons of oil floating off the Gulf Coast. The question isn't will it come ashore it is simply Wear and so today in dauphin island Alabama a bird sanctuary and tourism destination. Workers scrambled to build a three mile barrier to protect the beaches you know everything the pants on how far this off -- here. It is a scene that is being repeated along the Gulf Coast from the Mississippi delta all the way down to Fort Myers, Florida. -- little -- -- breeding ground for shrimp and crabs is a long finger with a narrow opening today crews were trying to seal it off. Because of the -- -- book the warmer and where. Probably most effective way form -- Originally forecasters thought the oil would make landfall this weekend stormy weather and shifting winds -- kept growing slick it's C. Forecasters now believe the winds will take it first to the Alabama coast in the Florida Panhandle . But that could change with the wind. The booms and -- -- and other sorts of equipment that -- could be used to pick up oil just do not work very well rough weather. The president arrive today for a firsthand look. Calling it a potentially unprecedented environmental ", 'on the defensive because earlier this year He announced plans to increase oil drilling in coast waters. Opening more territories here in the gulf a vast area of the Atlantic. As well as northern Alaska. This accident has put all that in question. Despite the rough seas drilling began today on a relief well which may ultimately be the only way to stop the leak but that could take three months. As a temporary fix in the next week huge containment domes are to be lowered over the three known leaks to collect the oil before -- escapes. Now the economic impact of that this oil slick has already hit the coast even though the oil itself has not. Today the federal government closed a huge -- section of the gulf. From here the Mississippi delta the Florida Panhandle handled through both commercial and recreational fishing for at least the next ten days. Well they monitor the water for contaminants David ', "More  beaches  were shut down trapped because of  oil . Residents it's BP with losing  oil  coming out of Here in the  Florida Panhandle  it is a race against to skim off the  oil  from dawn to dusk in Florida the  beaches  are still open ", "More beaches were shut down yesterday along Alabama's coast and in Florida they remain open for now but with -- Pensacola pass now close to boat trapped because of oil . Residents -- it's coming ashore soon young -- is in Pensacola Florida with the latest good morning Nanjing. Good morning -- -- of people along these features are bracing for oil it's these white sands and bring the tourists and businesses like this one. But the minter here at the doc says that his business is off 50%. And so he's had to lay workers off and cut hours. Now about a hundred miles east of here in Panama City authorities made what could be. A major discovery yesterday they discovered. A 55550. Gallon steel tanker market BP with losing oil coming out of it it washed ashore yesterday authorities believe it is a piece of the wreckage from the original April 20 explosion. The Coast Guard has sees that tanker as part of a larger investigation into BP. Here in the Florida Panhandle it is a race against time it's gamers are moving along the water. Trying to skim off the oil from dawn to dusk trying to keep it off -- Workers are also using a new Hong -- method they are essentially mopping the oil off of the surface. Much of that oil is in large thick clumps some of -- stretch little size of football field. Now as you mentioned here in Florida the beaches are still open but an Alabama they have not been so lucky. The public Health Department issued new advisory yesterday warning people ", "given how close that  oil  is. Then again maybe leading edge of the  oil  plume. Could impact the  Florida Panhandle  as early as this week doesn't it looks like  oil . There is so much than a million. The  beaches  are clean. Florida ", "governor inspected the booming operation this afternoon the leading edge of the oil plume. Could impact the Florida Panhandle as early as this week possibly in a day or two. Most of that. BP says do not exist viewing -- San champion is on board a research vessel tracking those massive plumes which may be headed for Florida in Edison. -- doesn't it looks like oil . -- There is so much at stake for the sunshine state. Last year more than eighty million people visited here and they left billions behind. The tourism industry employs more than a million. The beaches are clean. Florida is running ads using means -- money to convince travelers on not to cancel the Gulf Coast is open for business and -- And take pictures and say this -- we may not see -- this pretty for awhile. Tonight all of those beaches are indeed still pretty and they are all open but Diane state officials say they are monitoring the water. And will not hesitate to close these beaches with the public is in any danger. ", "likely. The massive  oil spill  will reach the waters meant to keep out the  oil . They tonight are the cross hairs of that  oil . Miami's  beaches  the new bullseye. Federal an 80% chance this  oil  slipping to the gulf tourism is off by 50% the  Florida Panhandle  expected a record here ", "new prediction forecasters now say it is very likely. The -- massive oil spill will reach the waters off Miami in the coming weeks caught in that loop current and spreading up Florida's East Coast. This ", 'Sadly Florida is next in line at one point on Wednesday the Coast Guard said the leading edge of that  oil  that Sheen. Was just seven miles from the beach where I am right now. to tell you this beach has been packed all week we ask ', 'point on Wednesday the Coast Guard said the leading edge of that oil that Sheen. Was just seven miles from the beach where I am right now. -- to tell you this beach has been ']