['Image credit: Bruce Bennett/Getty Images While nowhere near post-Hurricane Katrina or  Tropical Storm Irene  levels, the New York area has had its share of looting in the aftermath of superstorm Sandy . According to New York Deputy Police ', 'family of Milford, Ct., found a large metal safe washed ashore on the beach in front of their family home after  Tropical Storm Irene  had passed. (Courtesy Victor Lamberti) Amid the tree limbs, overturned patio furniture and bevy of seashells ', 'performance-enhancing drugs. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) Road and building damage along Rt. 156, caused by  Tropical Storm Irene  in The Town of Berne, N.Y., Sept.1, 2011. Utility companies continue to bring New York electricity customers ', 'performance-enhancing drugs. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) Road and building damage along Rt. 156, caused by  Tropical Storm Irene  in The Town of Berne, N.Y., Sept.1, 2011. Utility companies continue to bring New York electricity customers ', "It's been four days since  Tropical Storm Irene  's incessant rains turned Vermont streams into destructive torrents of rushing water, tearing down roads and buildings. It's ", "345 arrests, he said. But the storm did not pass without making an impression on the city. As the center of  tropical storm Irene  passed through, the East River breached its seawall and major highways around the nation's largest city shut ", 'you going to panic new york or what? Reporter: Part of the problem, the last big storm to come through here,  tropical storm irene , did a lot of damage to outlying areas but was pretty much a big nothing burger for new york city. It was like ', 'Part of the problem, the last big storm to come through here, tropical storm irene , did a lot of damage to outlying areas but was pretty much a big nothing burger for new york city. It was ', "If it hits at the maximum tide, then I'm afraid we are in pretty bad trouble. Reporter: Last year, during  tropical storm irene , the waters came within less than a foot from topping the flood walls. And now, sandy's storm surge is predicted ", "I'm afraid we are in pretty bad trouble. Reporter: Last year, during tropical storm irene , the waters came within less than a foot from topping the flood walls. And now, sandy's storm surge is predicted to be ", 'amounts of rain. We saw that in june, with tropical storm debbie in florida, and who can forget last year when  tropical storm irene  inundated the northeast? From new york city -- some of the steadier rain bands are making their way in. Through ', 'tropical storm debbie in florida, and who can forget last year when tropical storm irene inundated the northeast? From new york city -- some of the steadier rain bands are making their way in. Through new england, ', 'year old Robinson. A big question was what I read would do to New York City the answer not much. Downgraded to a  tropical storm Irene  gave the city just a taste. What a hurricane could do to this densely populated it. River has certainly moved ', "do to New York City the answer not much. Downgraded to a tropical storm Irene gave the city just a taste. What a hurricane could do to this densely populated it. River has certainly moved -- it's ", "would you do if you lost your livelihood in an instant in Vermont we met a woman living just such a nightmare after  tropical storm Irene  washed away her business but. Remarkably her spirit and strength lifting the entire town. So we turn to ABC's ", "in Vermont we met a woman living just such a nightmare after tropical storm Irene washed away her business but. Remarkably her spirit and strength -- lifting the entire town. So we turn to ABC's Lindsey Davis "]