['Caribbean  nations are joining together to seek Associated Press that the 14 nations of the  Caribbean  Community organization have enlisted Caricom. The British High Commissioner  to Jamaica  said in a radio interview Wednesday that ', 'Usain Bolt  says the recent doping scandals in sprinting have set the his own performances and stressing: "I am clean." The  Jamaican  said he has had one text-message exchange with compatriot Friday for the first time since his three gold medals at the  Olympics  a year ago.', 'A judge  in Jamaica  has dropped a murder case against one of island\'s biggest dancehall trial scheduled to start in November for the August 2011 killing of a  Jamaican  man named Clive "Lizard" Williams. Police have said that Williams ', 'monarchies of 16 independent countries or "realms" including Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Barbados, the Bahamas and  Jamaica . Amy Robach and London-based correspondent Lama Hasan are reporting from St. Mary\'s Hospital and Buckingham Palace ', 'company, is offering the trips  from Jamaica  and Miami, with stops in Havana people-to-people cruise  from Jamaica  to Havana this past April, but trip beginning in Montego Bay,  Jamaica , which heads to Punta Frances ', 'company, is offering the trips  from Jamaica  and Miami, with stops in Havana people-to-people cruise  from Jamaica  to Havana this past April, but trip beginning in Montego Bay,  Jamaica , which heads to Punta Frances ', 'company, is offering the trips  from Jamaica  and Miami, with stops in Havana people-to-people cruise  from Jamaica  to Havana this past April, but trip beginning in Montego Bay,  Jamaica , which heads to Punta Frances ', 'The U.S. military says the number of prisoners on the hunger strike at Guantanamo Bay has dropped to 75, down from a peak of 106 last week. From the U.S. base in Cuba, Army Lt. Col. Sam House said Thursday that a total of 67 of those 75 prisoners on hunger strike ate a meal over the last day. House', "Your Top Plays for Today: AP's Sports Guide -- JAMAICAN  SPRINTERS UNDER CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION  Jamaican  sprinters Asafa Powell, Sherone Simpson and their trainer are now under criminal investigation ", 'former 100-meter world-record holder Asafa Powell,  Jamaican  teammate Sherone Simpson and their trainer are under investigation Police are still analyzing the substances confiscated.  Jamaican  athletes have made Lignano their in-season training ', 'Jamaican  discus thrower Allison Randall has acknowledged that she is one of five  Jamaican  athletes who tested positive for a for discus and competed at the London  Olympics . Her statement says she was "shocked sample will clear her name. Two of  Jamaica \'s marquee sprinters, Asafa Powell didn\'t knowingly break any rules. The  Jamaica  Athletics Administrative Association ', 'Afro-Colombian roots with American folk  music  and " psychedelic cumbia ". And set out to combine traditional  music  from Colombia with their newer Bomba Estereo fuse hip-hop and  Jamaican  dub  music  with electronic  music . Red More: How Bomba Estereo ', 'fifty miles or more for the  holiday  this. A massive slow moving Airlines plane crashed  in Jamaica  sliding off the runway rest just feet from the  Caribbean  sea. And Jay the extent stopped in Miami then onto  Jamaica  is short hour and a half As the plane reporting  Kingston Jamaica  the question is what the Is designed like the one  in Jamaica  to the risk as bill president to the designed to the  airport . The air traffic control ', "days before Christmas. -- left Washington DC stopped in Miami then onto Jamaica is short hour and a half trip was turbulent. -- -- -- -- Let's pull PE because that's been on that type -- but let's send eliciting this stuff -- As the plane -- -- reporting Kingston Jamaica the question is what the crew know about any wet runway conditions. The investigators are going to look very carefully at how ", "Deadly  hurricane  dean which is now taking still get stronger.  Jamaica  is the latest target destructive path across the  Caribbean . Forecasters say it's Hassan who joins us  from Jamaica . I can make as on high shot down. Right now  Jamaica  is facing the fury of the biggest shelter in  Kingston  evacuees are arriving helping the residence of  Jamaica . They're issuing medication. And many in  Kingston  don't want to I could Lama ABC's llama on  in Jamaica  tonight. Before taking aim at  Jamaica hurricane  dean wreaked The Dominican Republic  Haiti  Saint Lucia and Martinique ", "Deadly hurricane dean which is now taking aim at you make -- with furious winds of more than a 145. Miles an hour and could still get stronger. Jamaica is the latest target is dean cuts a destructive path across the Caribbean . Forecasters say it's on track to strike the popular resort of Cancun. In Mexico's Yucatan peninsula and people and sell Texas are being warned about its path. Into the Gulf of Mexico. Well dean is still -- category for the National Hurricane Center expects it to strengthen and -- rare category five storm. Already at least eight people had been killed. We have full coverage in the Caribbean and in this country and Begin with ABC's llama Hassan who joins us from Jamaica . I can make as on high alert and as you can see -- -- already facing this island. The government's emergency plan isn't -- -- and the National Grid has been shot down. Right now Jamaica is facing the fury of -- This year's -- up closing off roads and -- -- residents. The prime minister has ordered all five -- anything back to work today they were on the roads rescuing people. The monster hurricane has gusts of up hundreds of 55 miles per hour and is expected to dumped twenty inches of rain. Fears of flash floods and mudslides are forcing people to three. At the biggest shelter in Kingston evacuees are arriving. They live in low lying areas and for the next 72 hours this is their refuge. The government says it is ready to face the Roth of harking deep and so did the aid workers. -- already. The nineteen Howell was lurking in New Orleans during Katrina today she is helping the residence of Jamaica . They're issuing blankets and mattresses -- urging people to bring enough water and medication. And many in Kingston don't want to -- I could just stop at just seemed to take careful about that -- cannot stand. I'm asking you ", "to get works much works John. Thanks Lama ABC's llama -- on in Jamaica tonight. Before taking aim at Jamaica hurricane dean wreaked Havoc across the Caribbean . The Dominican Republic Haiti Saint Lucia and Martinique were all dealing with widespread damage from the storms heavy rains and winds. Official Lynn -- -- say ", 'Jamaica  has won the epic battle for fastest man Hussein bolt successfully defended medal of the 100 meters in nine point 64 seconds an Olympic record. Fellow  Jamaican  on Blake took the silver American Justin earned a bronze medal. Richards ', 'Jamaica has won the epic battle for fastest man Hussein bolt successfully defended his Olympic gold medal of the 100 meters in nine point 64 seconds an Olympic record. Fellow Jamaican -- on Blake took the silver American Justin -- earned a bronze medal. -- Richards Ross powered through to win the Olympic ', "storm sandy gaining strength in the  caribbean , ready to lash  jamaica  with 15 inches of rain. Setting 16 inches of rain, not just for  jamaica , but also for cuba and possibly  haiti , as well. Let's talk a little real development here just south of  jamaica . With the big, powering clouds to move it away from going across  jamaica , right over cuba. At that point, it's a  hurricane . When it gets by, friday into saturday ", "we've been watching closely overnight. Tropical storm sandy gaining strength in the caribbean , ready to lash jamaica with 15 inches of rain. Setting her sights on the bahamas and possibly the east coast of the united states. Sam has been tracking it all morning. Good morning, josh. The initial concerns of 16 inches of rain, not just for jamaica , but also for cuba and possibly haiti , as well. Let's talk a little bit. And the best way to show this is on the 3d view. Watch the real development here just south of jamaica . With the big, powering clouds. Now, let's talk about what steers it. This storm system is on track. There's nothing to move it away from going across jamaica , right over cuba. At that point, it's a hurricane . When it gets by, friday into saturday, about 200 miles off the east coast of south florida, what happens here? There's some ", "authorities. After two days of civil unrest throughout the  Jamaican  capital. Hundreds of troops and police closed then on Christopher Coke the US indicted last year for trafficking  drugs  and weapons but it wasn't until  Jamaican  prime minister to an extradition tensions escalated all not surrender peaceful. Gunfire rang throughout west  Kingston  stronghold. As supporters man the barricades. Confronted this. US authorities have issued a travel advisory for  Jamaica  urging extreme caution to the thousands of Americans traveling ", "-- -- -- -- After two days of civil unrest throughout the Jamaican capital. Hundreds of troops and police closed then on alleged drug lord Christopher Coke the US indicted -- last year for trafficking drugs and weapons but it wasn't until -- Jamaican prime minister -- to an extradition tensions escalated all day Monday as -- allegedly told authorities. He would not surrender peaceful. Gunfire rang throughout -- west Kingston stronghold. As supporters -- man the barricades. Confronted police and -- rooftops. AK 47 assault rifles they are going to -- them don't as they ought to be horn who don't. I'm to bring the food grown -- -- -- on this. US authorities have issued a travel advisory for Jamaica urging extreme caution to the thousands of Americans traveling there. We seek the removal. Mr. -- in our -- assist cost. -- ", "The beautiful island of  Jamaica  looked like a war zone today thousands Pierre Thomas. On the streets of  Kingston Jamaica  today a fierce battle continues But and they could it Jones. To many  in Jamaica  Coke is a folk hero a Robin Hood like nation's airports. And only two hours  from Jamaica 's famous resorts. Pierre Thomas ", "The beautiful island of Jamaica looked like a war zone today -- thousands of heavily armed police and troops fought gun battles with -- gangster -- leaving at least thirty dead. The State Department is warning Americans not to travel there here's Pierre Thomas. On the streets of Kingston Jamaica today a fierce battle continues -- But despite a massive dragnet involving scores of military police. Suspected drug lord Christopher do this ", "That could devastate  Jamaica  while then cutting a menacing endeavor looked down on  hurricane  dean today. Right now category four storm in the  Caribbean  with winds around 150 densely populated island of  Jamaica . Are preparing for the evening ABC's llama Hasan  in Jamaica . David is sunny and serene on the island of  Jamaica  today that people here islands but right now  Jamaica  is in its direct Paulson our boats director got  drugs  affordable to The said  Haiti  and the Dominican Republic ", "That could devastate Jamaica while then cutting a menacing pass toward the Gulf of Mexico. The -- of this massive storm is visible from space tonight where the astronauts of shuttle endeavor looked down on hurricane dean today. Right now dean is a monstrous category four storm in the Caribbean with winds around 150 miles an hour. Take a look at dean's projected track forecasters expect dean will continue toward the Yucatan peninsula. And then possibly striking the US mainland and Texas by Wednesday. Already at least three people have been killed in tonight to three million people in the densely populated island of Jamaica . Are preparing for the worst we Begin our coverage this evening -- ABC's llama Hasan in Jamaica . David is sunny and serene on the island of Jamaica today that people here know what's coming. -- -- dean has already made glossing those -- Caribbean islands but right now Jamaica is in its direct Paulson is expected to take a massive hits. Residents boarded up business and stocked up on supplies of grocery stores the closer is deceiving any common fisherman -- already signed up our boats director -- got -- drugs affordable to -- -- The -- said Haiti and the Dominican Republic already feeling the effects of dean relief workers say they worry drenching rain will -- mudslides in the ", "killed 45 -- destroyed hundreds of thousands of by this time -- Jamaica will be bearing the full brunt of this monster -- What smarting as this place -- densely populated and few buildings can withstand the force David's. From a son in Jamaica tonight -- thank you. But what -- -- of Max Mayfield the former head of the National Hurricane Center now -- their Miami affiliate WP LG and I spoke with him just moments ago. -- this is a monster of a storm how big of a hitch a Jamaica expect. Well David this -- indeed monstrous storm and obviously of very. -- This hurricane -- now is stronger -- Gilbert laws when it hit Jamaica back in 1988. I know you're studying the models and some of the -- -- and eventually making landfall in the US. What -- the latest -- tonight. We can look at the different models here the official forecast. From the National Hurricane Center has been is -- wire line here has been very very consistent. Military forecast they make they also have this cone ", "can't. Well the official forecast calls or -- become a category five hurricane in the northwestern Caribbean here before a strike the Yucatan. It has a goes over the Yucatan there will likely -- some still remain a category three hurricane and then the western Gulf of Mexico so. Yes Doug on -- very major hurricane when he gets on the golf. Max Mayfield tracking dean tonight Max thank you. And late this afternoon President Bush approved an emergency declaration for Texas ahead of the hurricane some Texas residents along the vulnerable Gulf Coast are already moving inland. As emergency equipment is dispatched. And tonight Louisiana still recovering from hurricane Katrina and Rita two years ago is now under a state of emergency as well declared by governor Kathleen Blanco. Though as you just saw -- Max Mayfield projected track Louisiana is not in the path. Right now. There is also concerned tonight -- hurricane dean could seriously disrupt oil and gas operations in the Gulf of Mexico. There are 4000 oil and gas platforms in the "]