['People are spending even more on energy costs because of the heat wave and high gas prices.', 'Hurricane season  is just days away but the start of  hurricane season  on June 1. And there new director of the  National Hurricane Center . Publicly complained disasters you ran for  hurricane season . We started getting ', "Hurricane season is just days away and experts are predicting it could be a nasty one FEMA has already admitted there federal plan won't ", "will not have their emergency response plans ready but the start of hurricane season on June 1. And there -- problems outside -- The levees that failed to protect New Orleans two years ago are still not up to code. There's turmoil at the agency charged with predicting -- distort the new director of the National Hurricane Center . Publicly complained that the agency is being denied the proper resource is to do its job. Adding fuel to the fire. Some charge that the Iraq War has -- states of National Guard resource its key to any emergency response. Still Florida's emergency management director -- worried about the problems at the hurricane center. Feels confident his state will be ready. Being you prepare for disasters you ran for hurricane season . We started getting ready early in the spring in fact we just completed a stay -- hurricane exercise. Last week. This system ", 'People across the west of this country. Deal with every year just as there is tornado season in. In the midwest and  hurricane season  in the southeast wildfire season west You know a kind of natural disaster season that happens like clockwork. People here ', 'year just as there is tornado season in. In the midwest and hurricane season in the southeast wildfire season west -- You know a kind of natural disaster season that happens like clockwork. People here dreaded ', "Joining us now is the director of the  National Hurricane Center  bill read and gonna get to the major cities that Sam was just pointing out in a second but. Right now I know a lot it's changed ", 'Joining us now is the director of the National Hurricane Center bill read and -- gonna get to the major cities that Sam was just pointing out in a second but. Right now ', 'The  National Hurricane Center  is reporting that the hurricane already 400 miles across spreading out as we watch. Ask bill reed the director of the  National Hurricane Center  exactly what that means. So if you show me what you mean ', 'The National Hurricane Center is reporting that the hurricane already 400 miles across is getting bigger spreading out as we watch. Ask bill reed the director of the National Hurricane Center exactly what that means. So if you show me what you mean when you say spreading and what it means in terms ', "The  National Hurricane Center  is tracking girl as we move into this holiday weekend. And so we turn to bill read again tonight ahead of the  National Hurricane Center  and bill where is oral right now and how long before we're out of the woods ", "The National Hurricane Center is tracking girl as we move into this holiday weekend. And so we turn to bill read again tonight ahead of the National Hurricane Center and bill where is oral right now and how long before we're out of the woods on this. Right now -- -- ", "actual time of  hurricane season  they see this great know during this  hurricane season . I love the state monitoring the  National Hurricane Center  you just do that protects you. In  hurricane season  if they've already ", "people are -- finding themselves right in the path of the storm hurricane season can -- great deals in the Caribbean but is there a risk worth -- savings. -- -- -- some tips on how to stay safe and enjoy your vacation is author of -- therapy Karen -- and thanks so much for joining us thanks Stephanie good to be here so first -- when exactly as hurricane season and how bad can it really -- Good questions you know at first a lot of people don't realize hurricane season . Actually starts on June 1 and goes all the way to November 30 so that is a big chunk of time we're ", "time a year some aren't even aware of the actual time of hurricane season they see this great deal in the Paper and -- hole I wanna do that and that's why we're doing a segment ", "and think ahead if you're planning to travel you know during this hurricane season . I love the state department's website they have all this great free information -- -- really easy to be Smart. It's state dot gov so you know that's simple there and when you go on to the web site. It helps you register at the nearest embassy where you're going to be staying. You can also talks about monitoring the National Hurricane Center you just do that right on the web they'll give you great information. Also good tip is to -- an international cell ", 'tonight. Low lying areas hit hard by sandy. Also bracing for a potential rising waters the first storm of the Atlantic  hurricane season  are may have done the most damage in Florida. Eight confirmed tornadoes and fifty mile per hour winds downing trees and ', 'bracing for a potential rising waters the first storm of the Atlantic hurricane season -- -- -- are may have done the most damage in Florida. Eight confirmed tornadoes and fifty mile per hour winds downing ', 'the host of the daytime Emmys on HL coming sixty. Are downing champ Bob with for the first named storm of the Atlantic  hurricane season  and so. I am left in my own devices would just say I left tortured the people who work on this program. Is there is no ', 'downing champ Bob with for the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season and so. I am left in my own devices would just say I -- left -- tortured the people who work on ', "All right  hurricane season  is here. Let me go ahead you forecast for this first tropical storm. Now all that's really depends on how you announce the ", "All right -- hurricane season is here. Let me go ahead -- you -- forecast for this first tropical storm. Now all that's really depends on how ", "and more is on the went. And even my team is helping communities recover from the last  hurricane season . There prepare for. The next  hurricane season  which starts this Saturday because if there's one thing we've learned last year that ", "And even -- my team is helping communities recover from the last hurricane season . There -- -- prepare for. The next hurricane season which starts this Saturday because if there's one thing we've learned last year -- that when -- storm hits we've got to ", 'two weeks before the official start of  hurricane season  on June 1 a sure sign tonight that this storm activity should be. during Atlantic  hurricane season . The  National Hurricane Center  is putting out their forecast this week ', "a precursor for -- latest storm activity should be. -- during Atlantic hurricane season . The National Hurricane Center is putting out their forecast this week we'll all be paying very close attention to that. The severe weather team tracking that ", "today about the changing climate.  Hurricane season  ended today, and it is official coastline. Watch this year's busy  hurricane season  play out in just seven seconds. One officials thursday night, today's  hurricane season  statistics are not just numbers ", "And, we turn next to news today about the changing climate. Hurricane season ended today, and it is official. This was the third worst season since records began 161 years ago. A typical year, there are 12 named storms. This year, we had 19. Among the monsters like isaac in the gulf and sandy in the east. Tonight, abc's dan harris tells us what this means for the future. eporter: A SURGE OF STORMS Pummelling the american coastline. Watch this year's busy hurricane season play out in just seven seconds. One storm, piling on after the other. Leaving people whose lives were uprooted by sandy -- we are extremely frustrated. This is what you need to understand. Reporter: -- Coming to terms with the harsh new reality that may affect millions of americans who live near the water. It's not safe for us to live there. The next storm that hits, everybody is going to be vulnerable. Reporter: For these people, meeting with government officials thursday night, today's hurricane season statistics are not just numbers. So, this year was bad and there's every reason to believe that the next year and the ", "we're actually seeing it right here and right now. Reporter: Even though hurricane season is technically over, we could still see some more action. In the past decade, there have been four named storms in december, ", "We are now joined this morning by doctor now director of the  National Hurricane Center  good morning doctor and thank you so much for joining us. let me just ask you a couple questions about this storm we're hearing ", 'are now joined this morning by doctor -- now director of the National Hurricane Center good morning doctor and -- thank you so much for joining us. -- let me just ask you a couple questions about ', 'down trees and power lines. The  National Hurricane Center  is predicting storm surges up the may mean. For the rest of this  hurricane season . The worst storms of the past remember difficult to predict them. An early  hurricane season  tends to mean a long one. Forecasters ', 'this system and what it may mean. For the rest of this hurricane season . The worst storms of the past remember Charley Frances Ivan and -- last year. Have tended to come in -- -- September. ', "know they occur it's just very difficult to predict them. An early hurricane season tends to mean a long one. Forecasters say the chance of storms goes on until November. Ned potter ABC -- news. ", 'more active  hurricane season  this year. It may the  National Hurricane Center  forecast above normal  hurricane season . So far depressions. The  National Hurricane Center  is now downgraded But the  hurricane season  has still ', 'Police -- not -- in the middle of hurricane season so where are all the hurricanes. By August of last summer we already had ten named storms and four hurricanes are we getting off easy this year or is this just come before the store. This time last year the hurricane season was in full swing. In July of 2005 hurricane Cindy hit the Louisiana coast. Eighty mile per hour winds. Then Dennis a ', "of a category five storm. Many experts predicted an even more active hurricane season this year. It may the National Hurricane Center forecast as many as sixteen named storms. Eight to ten of which would become hurricanes. 46 of them major know is predicting an above normal hurricane season . So far this year not one hurricane and just three tropical depressions. The National Hurricane Center is now downgraded their predictions to twelve to fifteen named storms. With only seven to nine predicted hurricanes. But the hurricane season has still more than two months to go with the most intense part of the season. -- People need to be prepared. The the fact that we had you know relatively little activity early in the season is typical for an above normal season it's not representative remainder of the year. And from our perspective we turn now to doctor Chris land C a meteorologist with the National Hurricane Center good morning to you good morning -- I'm very well thanks last year shattered records we ran out of letters to -- ", 'mentioned in the piece -- -- now approaching the peak of the hurricane season -- a -- pre season necessarily predict a slow. Full season. No unfortunately he can be very quiet from June July and ', "ABC's Jeffrey is at the  National Hurricane Center  in Miami tonight we're experts have prepared already this is  hurricane season  after all we're in peak season watching thank you Jeffrey of the  National Hurricane Center .", "the last couple of years they should have prepared already this is hurricane season after all we're in peak season right now. The authorities are constantly saying you've got to have a week's supply of the water a week supply of nonperishable food you've got to have a plan where to go how you'll get there no time like now to prepare but. As I say we just don't know where Ernesto was going by the those preparations will in fact be useful for cordasco but we'll be watching thank you Jeffrey -- of the National Hurricane Center . ", 'two days into the Atlantic  hurricane season  the storm named very came first luster of the 2007  hurricane season . Toppled a building crane the new director of the  National Hurricane Center . Most Americans have little ', "Just two days into the Atlantic hurricane season the storm named -- very came ashore today in the southeast. An area very wary of hurricanes but very much in need of rain -- now downgraded to a tropical depression brought wind and rain to drought stricken Florida. And that's were ABC's Jeffrey -- is tonight. The first luster of the 2007 hurricane season . Toppled a building crane in Fort Lauderdale and said at FedEx truck on -- harrowing skid outside Orlando. Tropical storm Barry came ", "This had been a quiet  hurricane season  but hurricane dean is making up for that. Even from expected to hit land about 2 o'clock in the morning the  National Hurricane Center  says they expected to be a category five storm by them ", 'This had been a quiet hurricane season but hurricane dean is making up for that. Even from the safety of the International Space Station -- massive -- -- looks ', 'new warnings that we could be headed for a powerful  hurricane season . Government forecasters now raising their predictions. More frequent storms, stronger winds. And that means more potentially ', 'new warnings that we could be headed for a powerful hurricane season . Government forecasters now raising their predictions. More frequent storms, stronger winds. And that means more potentially devastating hurricanes. Sam is tracking it ']