['On Monday, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner declared war on the con artists who prey on borrowers desperate to find a way to keep their homes.', '"American homeowners have been through enough in the past few years," Geithner said, adding that the last thing they need is to get scammed as they struggle to keep their homes. ', '"These predatory scams callously rob Americans of their savings and potentially their homes," he said. "We will shut down fraudulent companies more quickly than before. We will target companies that otherwise would have gone unnoticed under the radar." ', 'But as the problem spreads, regulators and prosecutors seeking to crack down on these scams seem to be fighting a forest fire with a garden hose. ', 'The Federal Trade Commission has sent warning letters to 71 companies it says were running suspicious advertisements and has filed five new civil cases to halt illegal loan modification scams. Attorney General Eric Holder says the FBI is investigating about 2,100 mortgage fraud cases. ', '"If you discriminate against borrowers or prey on vulnerable homeowners with fraudulent mortgage schemes, we will find you, and we will punish you," Holder said. ', 'Over the past year homeowners have been flooding state attorneys general with complaints about for-profit loan modification consultants. While some of these outfits are legitimate, authorities say many are con artists. ', 'Potential victims are easily identified: various filings, including "pre-foreclosure" notices, are public records, providing all the details a would-be scammer needs to target fraud victims. Many snare victims via Web sites promising quick fixes over the phone. ', "Some scammers will file a bankruptcy in the homeowner's name without consent or knowledge. While bankruptcy usually stops a foreclosure temporarily, this form of the scam adds insult to injury by leaving the homeowner with additional legal costs and the burden of a credit record that will make it difficult to buy or rent a new home for up to 10 years. ", 'Despite the widespread publicity and broad economic damage inflicted by mortgage fraud over the past several years, efforts to thwart scams have fallen far short. Part of the problem lies in the fractured regulatory structure tasked with combating mortgage fraud. Of those 62,000 reports of possible mortgage fraud, the Office of Thrift Supervision handled 47 percent, The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency handled 36 percent and the rest went to the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the National Credit Union.', "While Washington's attention recently has focused on a broad overhaul of financial regulations, efforts to tighten consumer protection laws against mortgage fraud have moved slowly. Last year, Sen. Herb Kohl, D-Wis., introduced a Senate bill to protect victims of foreclosure rescue scams. The bill died in the Senate Banking Committee. ", 'The surge in foreclosure rescue fraud mirrors the ongoing rise in foreclosures, a trend that has proved stubbornly resistant to public and private efforts. Over a year ago, the Bush administration established the Hope Now Alliance to prod lenders to negotiate voluntary loan modifications with troubled homeowners. Though the group says it has helped several million homeowners work out new terms and payment plans, the results have been disappointing. In some cases, monthly payments increased under these new payment plans. In December, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued a report noting that more than half of those modifications left homeowners facing foreclosure again within six months. ', "Some of those offering to help distressed homeowners are former brokers, agents and appraisers who've seen their previous business evaporate after the housing market collapsed under an avalanche of rogue lending many of them participated in. Some foreclosure consultants offer legitimate services. But it's not clear whether paid advice is more effective than the help available to homeowners from nonprofit credit counselors who also work with lenders at no charge. ", 'Some scammers have successfully tricked victims by mimicking those non-profit counseling organizations. Others have become adept at Web search marketing, buying keywords representing legitimate counseling organizations. ', "Neighborworks America, a national housing advocacy group, filed two trademark complaints last month with online search engines to prevent companies from using the group's name and logo to promote foreclosure rescue schemes. ", 'According to Whois.net, financialstability.org is registered to Admin Search Marketing, Ltd, based in Tortola in the British Virgin Islands. A company representative was not immediately available for comment. ', 'In most cases, prosecutors who catch foreclosures rescue scammers opt for civil actions aimed at recovering money for bilked consumers. Few cases result in criminal penalties. ']