['Since the housing market began to unwind nearly two years ago, the process of refinancing troubled loans has been mired in a legal thicket created by Wall Street packaging trillions of dollars worth of home mortgages, chopping them up into pieces and selling them to investors.', 'Under the plan, mortgage servicers will first apply a standard test to decide if investors would lose more money by foreclosing than they would by issuing a new loan with more affordable terms. Because servicers have been using a wide range of methods to make this calculation, a standard formula is expected to speed the approval of more affordable loans. The government is also hoping to speed the process by letting servicers use an automated system to value a home in place of individual appraisals.', 'Treasury officials said Wednesday they are still ironing out key details. One involves a major sticking point for many servicers who have tried to modify mortgages to more affordable terms: How to handle the millions of homeowners with second mortgages or home equity loans. Lenders or investors holding those second liens typically suffer the biggest losses when primary mortgages are modified, so winning their approval to modify loan terms has been difficult. The Treasury is working on a plan to let primary mortgage servicers compensate second lien holders, but those details have not been worked out.', 'The plan also offers no "safe harbor" provision to shield mortgage servicers from lawsuits by investors holding the securities backed by a loan being modified. By making the mortgage more affordable, those investors have to accept a lower return. Though standardized guidelines will clearly streamline a process that has overwhelmed many servicers, those who have declined to modify mortgages based on contract language may still face legal liability. ', 'On Tuesday, House Democrats agreed to narrow proposed legislation. Under the revised terms, judges would have to consider whether a homeowner had been offered a reasonable deal by the bank to rework his or her home loan before seeking help in bankruptcy court. Borrowers also would to prove they tried to modify their mortgages. A vote in the House was expected as early as Thursday. ', 'Your loan has to be less than $729,750 for a single family house; for multifamily homes the cap rises to $1.4 million for a four-unit house.']