['The Los Angeles Dodgers acquired catcher Ramon Hernandez in exchange for pitcher Aaron Harang and cash considerations, general manager Ned Colletti announced on Satu...', 'Clayton Kershaw turned in another brilliant performance with seven scoreless innings and the Dodgers bullpen preserved the shutout as Los Angeles defeated the Pittsb...', 'The Los Angeles Dodgers try to continue their recent mastery of the Pittsburgh Pirates on Sunday, as they attempt to complete a three-game sweep of them at Dodger St...', 'A.J. Ellis hit a two-run homer and Chad Billingsley made a successful return to the mound, as the Los Angeles Dodgers edged the San Diego Padres, 4-3, to take the mi...', "Los Angeles righty Zack Greinke missed some time in spring training with an elbow injury. You wouldn't have known it, though, after watching his first outing.The for...", 'Hyun-Jin Ryu makes his major league debut on Tuesday when the Los Angeles Dodgers continue a three-game series with the defending World Series champion San Francisco...', 'Yu Darvish pierde juego perfecto en la novena entrada; Bumgarner frustra debut de Ryu en L.A.', "Mark Ellis'  grand slam helps Dodgers beat Angels 9-8 Beckett and Vargas both get shelled", 'A.J. Ellis hit a grand slam against Jason Vargas for his first homer of the spring, Luis Cruz doubled home two runs and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Angels 9-8 F...', 'Expectations weighing on talent-laden, big-spending Dodgers to make playoff push', "As Hollywood makeovers go, the Dodgers' transformation has been a doozy. From more than $200 million spent on upgrading the roster to another $100 million invested i...", 'Is it really a surprise that Zack Greinke admitted he signed on with the Los Angeles Dodgers this offseason because of the heaps of money that were thrown his way?Th...', "Manny Machado belted a three-run homer and drove in four runs, and Chris Davis added a solo shot in Baltimore's 6-1 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the sweep of ...", 'The 2012 and 2013 salaries of the 133 players in salary arbitration, as obtained by The Associated Press from player and management sources. The 2012 salaries includ...', 'Mark Ellis showed surprising power Tuesday as the veteran carried the Los Angeles Dodgers past the New York Mets, 7-2, in the opener of a three-game series at Citi F...', 'A.J. Ellis belted a three-run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 6-3 win over the Houston Astros.The Dodgers squandered a o...', 'A.J. Ellis worked a four-pitch, bases- loaded walk in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Los Angeles Dodgers over the St. Louis Cardinals, 6-5, in the opener of a t...', 'A.J. Ellis went 2-for-4 with a home run and three RBI, Andre Ethier belted a three-run homer, and the newly-owned Dodgers held on for a 7-6 win over the Rockies at C...', 'Juan Nicasio spun seven shutout innings as the Colorado Rockies blanked the Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-0, in the second of a four-game set at Dodger Stadium.Nicasio (5-4...']