["But on a recent spring afternoon in a standing-room-only courtroom, Russo's struggle to save his home ended after he missed a hearing in which the lender was allowed to proceed with its foreclosure action. ", 'This city in the heart of the mid-Hudson Valley, about an hour south of Albany, has until recently largely avoided the housing downturn that has hammered parts of California, Florida, Arizona, Nevada and other regions where the housing boom ratcheted up prices the fastest and the mortgage mess has inflicted the most damage so far.', 'But now, with house prices falling and foreclosures rising here, both residents and local government officials are having a tougher time making ends meet. And they fear things may get worse before they get better. ', 'Cities like Poughkeepsie, the county seat of surrounding Dutchess County, never boomed in the same way but enjoyed a slower but steadier housing expansion and stable economic growth. Until recently, it looked as though communities like this one might escape the fallout faced by housing markets that overheated at the height of the boom.', 'That average price has fallen back to $371,000. The pace of sales has also fallen; in May, home sales were 31 percent behind year-ago levels.', 'As home prices have fallen, layoffs have risen. When the housing market began to soften in 2006, the job market here held up better than many parts of the country. But by early 2007, it had started to weaken and job losses rose through the year. ', 'For decades, the economy of the mid-Hudson Valley was heavily reliant on IBM as its biggest employer. So Poughkeepsie and surrounding towns suffered a major blow in 1993 when the company cut 10,000 jobs at a nearby manufacturing plant and the country lost another 10,000 from related industries, according to William Steinhaus, the current county executive, who first took office in 1992. ', 'Since that low point, the state, county and local governments have succeeded in rebuilding and diversifying the local economy, developing an active arts community. Today, the city is home to a half dozen art galleries. On Market Street, in the heart of downtown, the Bardavon Opera House, which opened in 1869, hosts a busy calendar of performing arts.', 'But today, that revival is at risk as the national slump in home sales and the rise in home foreclosures spills over to cities like Poughkeepsie. ', 'Unlike the federal government, which canborrow money to make ends meet in tight times, county and city budgets have to balance every year. If sales and property taxes continue to fall, local government leaders here will face tougher choices. Until the pace of foreclosures begins to slow, the recession gripping the housing market will continue to weigh on the local economy. ', "Around the corner from Poughkeepsie's City Hall, Hudson River Housing runs a variety of housing and community development programs and has been working to minimize the damage from the rise in foreclosures. The non-profit community group helps homeowners in trouble work with lenders to negotiate a more affordable payment plan. The group also works with new home buyers to avoid the pitfalls that could get them into future trouble.", 'Traffic is also brisk at U.S. Bankruptcy Court on Main Street, where some strapped homeowners are trying to stop the clock on foreclosure and work out a more manageable payment plan with creditors. As the economy weakens, the pace of filings will likely continue to grow, according to Mel Spivak, a bankruptcy attorney based in Poughkeepsie. ', 'On a recent afternoon, Judge Cecelia Morris heard more than 60 bankruptcy cases in a matter of hours. The circumstances that brought each debtor to court varied widely; so did their financial circumstances. ', 'Some of those who appeared before Judge Morris had worked out payment plans with lenders that were then approved by the court; others learned that their efforts to get a fresh start had failed. Morris carefully explained the reasons for each outcome, and congratulated those who had succeeded. ']