["The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.CHICAGO BEARS AT MINNESOTA VIKINGS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Bears - QB Nathan Enderle , RB Marion Barber , G...", "St. Louis Rams quarterback Sam Bradford will miss Sunday's game against the Cincinnati Bengals with a high ankle sprain.Bradford has already missed three games this ...", 'Sam Bradford completed 7-of-12 passes for 45 10, in preseason action.A.J. Feeley connected on 10-of-14 passes for 100 yards for the Rams, who went 7-9 last season. T...', 'Even with a six-year playoff drought lingering in the background, it is safe to say football is back in the city of St. Louis.How else could you explain the rush of ...', "The New York Giants ' action-packed 38-35 game losing streak the team will carry into a crucial final quarter of this 2011 season.So when Big Blue staggers into Jerr...", 'Josh Brown kicked a 42-yard field goal on the 16 preseason win over the Tennessee Titans .Thaddeus Lewis , a second-year player out of Duke, led the Rams on the winn...', "It's now November, the time of the year when our minds begin to be preoccupied with holiday travel plans, gift ideas and bracing for the long winter ahead.And of cou...", 'Given what is at stake for the Pittsburgh Steelers , it comes as no surprise that Ben Roethlisberger would rather play than rest his injured ankle.With the St. Louis...', "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.NEW YORK GIANTS AT NEW YORK JETS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Giants - DE Osi Umenyiora , TE Jake Ballard, LB Ma...", 'St. Louis Rams quarterback Sam Bradford will miss his fifth game of the season Saturday against the Steelers because of a high ankle sprain.Kellen Clemens , who was ...', "The following is a list of inactive players for tonight's game.ST. LOUIS RAMS AT SEATTLE SEAHAWKS , 8:30 P.M. (ET)Rams - QB A.J. Feeley, QB Tom Brandstater , RB Quin...", 'Rookie A.J. Green had six catches and topped 1,000 yards for the season, and the Cincinnati Bengals held the St. Louis Rams to 2 for 13 on third downs to help keep p...', "Kellen Clemens is still getting to know his teammates. The stand-in quarterback did just about as well as could be expected running the NFL's worst offense.Making hi...", "In a season that's been filled with low points, the St. Louis Rams may be about to hit rock bottom.Saddled with a three-game losing streak and the likelihood of havi...", "Frank Gore became San Francisco's all- 0.Gore needed just 22 yards to surpass NFL Hall-of-Famer Joe Perry's all-time mark of 7,344 yards, and did so with a simple tw...", 'St. Louis Rams quarterback Sam Bradford is starting Sunday at Arizona after missing the last two games with a high left ankle sprain.He will wear a thin brace on the...', "St. Louis Rams quarterback Sam Bradford was limited in practice Friday and is listed as questionable for Sunday's game at Arizona.Bradford has missed the last two ga...", "It's been nearly a year since the St. Louis Rams last won on the road, while the Arizona Cardinals haven't won since Week 1 of this season and the two teams have com...", "In a season in which they've been desperately starving for treats, the St. Louis Rams pulled off a trick that no one could have realistically seen coming.There was e..."]