['A single mom, Bolds lives with her 66-year-old mother and 17-year-old son, a high school senior who is headed for college. The program supposedly offered a "fixed-rate" loan with attractive terms, she said, which would help make ends meet on her salary as a social worker. ', 'More and more homeowners face the same painful decision as the fallout from the housing and lending bust shows no signs of slowing. Foreclosures hit a record high in the first quarter, as did mortgage delinquencies, a sign that more foreclosures are coming. ', 'Poughkeepsie is the county seat for Dutchess County, where one in every 442 households was at some point in the foreclosure process in April, according to RealtyTrac.com, which maintains a national a data base of foreclosure filings. That was the highest foreclosure rate in the state. ', 'Since then, as the county has worked to rebuild its economic base, Poughkeepsie has been rebuilding neighborhoods that were hit hard by the last housing recession. ', 'Poughkeepsie is home to several dozen community groups and social service organizations that serve the mid-Hudson Valley, a region roughly midway between Albany and New York City. Here, as elsewhere in the country, the decline in homeownership has strained agencies that help the homeless, according to Silverii. ', 'A few state and local governments have begun to offer direct assistance to homeowners to keep up with their mortgages. For most part, these efforts have been limited to loans of $5,000 or so to make up missed payments.', 'Attention also has turned to trying to prevent future foreclosures. Community groups like Hudson River Housing are offering classes and providing counseling to help first-time home buyers avoid the traps that have tripped up many of those who are now losing their homes. ', 'New York is one of a handful of states that are tightening regulations on the mortgage industry to try to prevent lenders and brokers from selling more ruinous mortgages. Beginning this year, all mortgage brokers have to be licensed, submit to criminal background checks and take 18 hours of training, including an ethics class. ', 'And while lending standards have tightened, the mortgage marketing machine is still in full swing. ']