["They have a combined 2009 record of 32-96, no playoff appearances in at least two seasons and are early favorites for the first pick in next year's draft.These are t...", 'The pursuit for Terrell Owens has picked up steam.St. Louis Rams general manager Billy Devaney confirmed to FOXSports.com on Monday that his team is considering a co...', 'Rookie quarterback Sam Bradford is making a fine first impression with the St. Louis Rams.In a controlled scrimmage Saturday night at Lindenwood University, before a...', 'For those with little interest in NFL preseason football, understanding the excitement Pete Carroll and Sam Bradford are feeling is impossible.It should be understan...', 'St. Louis Rams will debut No. 1 pick QB Sam Bradford in preseason opener against Vikings', 'The Sam Bradford era begins this weekend when the No. 1 overall draft choice finally steps on the field for the St. Louis Rams in their first preseason game.St. Loui...', 'Vikings rough up No. 1 overall pick Bradford, handle Rams 28-7 in preseason opener', "Sam Bradford took the field to a big ovation. Soon enough, reality sank in for the centerpiece of the St. Louis Rams' rebuilding effort.The No. 1 overall pick had an...", "Steven Jackson is getting a light workload in the preseason to help his surgically repaired back for the regular season, and he dressed but didn't play a down in the...", "Just like his coach, Sam Bradford was happy with the decision-making in the St. Louis Rams' preseason opener. The No. 1 overall pick realizes he needs work elsewhere...", 'Michael Vick is back in the NFL, landing a job with the Philadelphia Eagles ."He signed with the Eagles," agent Joel Segal told The Associated Press in a telephone i...', 'When Heather Mitts felt that familiar pain in her hamstring during training last month, it was almost too much for the U.S. defender.A broken leg had ended what slim...', "The Carolina Panthers have been awarded three compensatory picks in April's draft for free agents they lost before last season.A total of 23 teams have been allotted...", 'The Browns may need umbrellas, ponchos and boots to survive their next practice.After a sloppy performance in the pouring rain, coach Eric Mangini intends to soak hi...', 'Feeley  held out of Rams practice, top overall pick Bradford gets first start this week', 'No. 1 draft pick Sam Bradford will get his first start with the St. Louis Rams this week.A.J. Feeley, who had been starting at quarterback, will not practice this we...', "Sam Bradford has the St. Louis Rams' starting quarterback job this week. Now he's got to produce.The top pick of the draft gets his first pro start in place of veter...", 'Top pick Sam Bradford solid in first pro start as Rams beat Patriots on last-play field goal', 'Sam Bradford passed his first test as a starting quarterback in the NFL.And the player who ended the game at that position for the Rams, Keith Null, directed a drive...', "Sam Bradford will finish the preseason as the St. Louis Rams ' starting quarterback, at least partly because veteran A.J. Feeley might not be ready to play.Bradford ...", "St. Louis Rams running back Steven Jackson says nine carries in the preseason is enough to get ready for the season.The Pro Bowler said he didn't want to play Thursd..."]