['A story last week on msnbc.com generated hundreds of e-mail responses from readers who have called the heavily promoted hotline. Almost all the callers said they encountered a variety of roadblocks in their efforts to save their homes.', 'Officials affiliated with the effort said in interviews that they have helped many borrowers but say there are misunderstandings about the limited scope of the program.', 'The Hope Now Alliance, a private partnership organized by the federal government, launched in October and trumpeted repeatedly by President Bush and other top administration officials, has been criticized by members of Congress, state officials, and private credit counselors.', "To date, the federal government's efforts to help the growing number of homeowners facing foreclosure have focused largely on prodding lenders to modify existing loans to more affordable levels. More than a million of these loans, written during the height of the lending boom, are scheduled to reset to interest rates that many homeowners will no longer be able to afford. ", 'Hope Now officials say they have fielded hundreds of thousands of calls and are providing a critical bridge between homeowners at risk and their lenders. Some 141,000 loans were modified in the fourth quarter of last year, up from 76,000 in the third quarter, according to the alliance. ', 'The Hope Now Alliance also faces the challenge of coordinating the efforts of dozens of independent entities. Prodded by the Bush administration, the alliance signed up 11 large lenders representing some 60 percent of the U.S. mortgage market, along with industry trade groups like the Mortgage Bankers Association. A handful of housing advocacy and community groups also signed on, including the Homeownership Preservation Foundation, which operated a counseling hotline.', 'Professionals working with homeowners facing foreclosure also complained that the program was falling short in its mission. ', 'In addition, not all callers have a realistic hope of saving their home. For some, say credit counselors, the best option may be to sell the home and avoid the foreclosure process and resulting damage to their future ability to get credit. ', 'Hope Now officials said some readers who reported trouble getting through may have encountered delays resulting from call spikes when the program was launched in October and again when the White House promoted the line at a Dec. 6 news conference. ', 'In recent spot checks performed by msnbc.com, calls went through to operators quickly after a 60-second pre-recorded message.', 'Part of the confusion stems from the fact that lenders and mortgage loan servicers have developed multiple modification programs with different guidelines and qualifying criteria, said Morgan of the Homeownership Preservation Foundation.', 'But because the final decisions are made by individual lenders, the outcomes may vary for homeowners in similar circumstances.', 'As the pace of foreclosures has risen, the Hope Now hotline has ramped up to meet big increases in call volume. A year ago, the hotline was staffed with 64 counselors from three HUD-approved independent counseling agencies. By October, when the hotline joined the Alliance, calls were fielded by 150 counselors from five agencies. Today, the line is staffed by 450 counselors from 10 agencies. ', 'Some callers who were able to get through to their lender said they felt abandoned after being handed off by the hotline counselor. ', 'Morgan said the alliance understands the need for more follow-up but simply is unable to monitor such a large volume of cases all the way through to final resolution.', 'In some cases, said Morgan, the delayed response to homeowners is the result of a backlog of cases under review by lenders and servicers, who have to review each loan one at a time.', 'Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson has resisted calls for wider government intervention and last week repeated opposition to calls for a government-funded buyout of distressed mortgage securities or for a change in bankruptcy laws to allow judges to modify mortgages. ']