['After team finds Victory Lane at Long Beach, AJ Foyt  believes Indy 500 victory is possible', "A.J. Foyt became a legend at Indianapolis Motor Speedway as much for throwing caution to the wind as for becoming the first four-time winner of the Indy 500.Maybe that's why he's so fond of Takuma Sato.The Japanese driver is in his first season with Foyt's team and will start on the outside of the sixth row in Sunday's race. And just like the owner of his modest program, Sato has built a rock star following in IndyCar with his dramatic moves, audacious passes and daring mentality....", "A.J. Foyt doesn't mind being The Replacement as long as he gets to lead the Indianapolis 500 .On Friday, the four-time race winner accepted an invitation to step in ...", 'Danica Patrick made history in the season-opening Daytona 500, where she hit new milestones again and again and again.She became the first woman to earn the top star...', 'Family affair: Elliotts, Burtons hope championship bloodlines to extend into next generation', "Jeb Burton and Chase Elliott could have saved a stamp.Turned out, the best spot to send Father's Day cards in auto racing these days is Victory Lane.Burton, the 20-y...", "AJ Allmendinger's parents attended their first Indianapolis 500 in 1979, when they camped in a grassy lot and watched Rick Mears win his first 400.Their son was born...", "AUTO PACKAGE: IndyCar's young drivers give series new look, solid foundation for growth", 'Graham Rahal and Marco Andretti have all the ingredients the IndyCar Series has been craving. They have famous family names, have reached Victory Lane and seem to en...', '4-time winner? Andretti curse? 10 things to know about the 97th Indianapolis 500', 'The 97th running of the Indianapolis 500 is Sunday with a wide-open field and a pair of drivers trying to join the elite list of four-time winners. Two Americans sta...', "Column: IndyCar needs more feudin' and less of the niceties to draw fans back to the sport", "They have dinner together. They chat it up on Twitter. They offer congratulations on jobs well done, solace when things don't go so well.Clearly, there's a lot of re...", 'Chip Ganassi Racing foursome looks to regroup after disappointing Indy qualifying runs', 'Once again, Chip Ganassi Racing will start the Indianapolis 500 packed close together.Unfortunately, for the foursome, that proximity is in the middle of the pack.Ho...', 'Next victory for Dario Franchitti will be a milestone, especially if it comes at Indianapolis', 'Dario Franchitti is in very heady company in IndyCar.Currently tied with Sebastien Bourdais and Paul Tracy for seventh on the all-time wins list, one more victory wo...', 'So many races, so many laps, so many drivers. And great ones.The Wood Brothers Racing team, a foundational enterprise in the history of NASCAR, will mark its 1,400th...', 'Castroneves, Franchitti fall short in bids to join exclusive club of 4-time Indy 500 champions', "Dario Franchitti's disappointment in failing to join the exclusive club of four-time Indianapolis 500 champions was somewhat assuaged when he realized who had won.Th...", "IndyCar team owner A.J. Foyt will miss Sunday's race at Pocono after having hip replacement surgery Monday in Houston.The four-time Indianapolis 500 winner has not a...", "AUTO PACKAGE: But he started it! Newman, Busch resort to name calling in NASCAR's latest feud", 'Ahh, nothing like a little NASCAR name calling to spice up the week.Kyle Busch called Ryan Newman an "ogre." Newman threatened to rearrange Busch\'s face and "fix it....', 'A.J. Foyt has been hospitalized in Houston for complications from knee surgery and will skip the 50th anniversary of the Rolex 24 at Daytona.The 77-year-old Foyt had...', 'A.J . Foyt  released from Houston hospital, still taking medication for infection', 'A.J. Foyt has been released from a hospital in Houston, where he was being treated for complications from knee surgery.The 77-year-old Foyt had knee surgery two week...', "A.J. Foyt has hired IndyCar veteran Mike Conway to drive the No. 14 car in 2012. He will replace Brazil's Vitor Meira .Conway made his IndyCar debut in 2009, finishi...", 'Wade Cunningham will attempt to qualify for the Indianapolis 500 in a car fielded by A.J. Foyt.The team announced Wednesday that Cunningham will be a teammate to Mik...', 'A.J . Foyt  letting son make the calls as team makes early resurgence in IndyCar season', "A.J. Foyt's garage is still one of the biggest draws in Gasoline Alley.Inside the garage, things have changed.The feisty Texan, who is still recovering from back sur..."]