['The Kermitt Gosnell verdict is hardly a victory. Out of 7 charges of first degree murder to unborn babies, Gosnell was only found guilty of three. Of one charge of t...', 'One of the most liberal members of the U.S. Supreme Court, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg could be expected to give a rousing defense of Roe v. Wade in reflecting on th...', 'Regulations for me but not for thee.A large percentage of abortion clinics in the United States are located in minority neighborhoods. My diagnostic radiology practi...', 'A 22-year woman in El Salvador faces a life-or-death decision: risk death during childbirth or safe her life by getting an abortion and risk being sent to jail time ...', "Philadelphia DA calls abortion  doctor Kermit Gosnell a 'monster' after he's sentenced to life in prison without parole", 'A Philadelphia abortion doctor was sentenced Wednesday to a third life term for killing an aborted baby that he described as so big it could "walk to the bus."Dr. Ke...', "Wisconsin anti-abortion  activist says online campaign turned into 'mocking joke'", 'Jurors make abortion  doc Kermit Gosnell wait for verdict in Philadelphia murder trial', 'A Philadelphia abortion provider will spend another weekend in custody after a jury failed to reach a verdict in his murder case.Dr. Kermit Gosnell is accused of kil...', 'Jurors in the murder trial of Philadelphia abortion doctor Kermit B. Gosnell began deliberations Tuesday in what will likely be a long process due to the fact he is ...', 'Jurors weighing murder charges against a Philadelphia abortion provider have been reviewing testimony from a key clinic employee.Dr. Kermit Gosnell is facing five co...', 'Babies treated worse than sick dogs, prosecutor alleges at abortion  doc murder trial', 'Closing arguments in the murder trial of an abortion provider alternated between the defense\'s insistence that Dr. Kermit Gosnell\'s office was no "house of horrors" ...', 'A Philadelphia jury is back at work deliberating murder and abortion law charges involving a veteran doctor.Dr. Kermit Gosnell ran a busy corner medical clinic for 3...', "Son of Florida fertility doctor accused of killing ex-girlfriend's fetus with abortion  drug", 'Federal authorities in Florida say the son of a Tampa-area fertility doctor is accused of tricking his girlfriend into taking an abortion drug to kill her unborn chi...', 'A seriously ill Salvadoran woman who was denied a medical abortion had a successful cesarean section to deliver a baby that doctors had given little chance of surviv...', 'Following the much publicized case of an ill Salvadoran woman who was denied an abortion, the United Nations has called on the Central American nation to reconsider ...']