["Author Sara Gran models private eye Claire Dewitt's new age sleuthing philosophies after her own mystical interests", 'The character Claire DeWitt joins a distinguished line of women in mystery fiction', 'DeWitt solves murders with a mixture of investigative chops and new age philosophy', "Author Sara Gran draws many parallels between her own life experiences and Dewitt's", "Editor's note: Christian DuChateau is a CNN news producer and inveterate book hound. He offers the lowdown on popular authors and the latest releases.", '(CNN) -- From Nancy Drew to Miss Marple to the "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" Lisbeth Salander, there\'s a long and distinguished line of famous women in mystery fiction. I have a new favorite female sleuth to add to the list, Claire DeWitt.', 'The self-described "world\'s greatest private eye" returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway" hitting bookstores this week.', "Claire is not your typical P.I., and the book is not your run of the mill mystery. Claire is a new age heroine who uses dreams, visions and intuition to uncover clues and close cases. Gran's writing is a mix of the gritty noir tradition in crime writing supplemented with a mystical, dream-like quality -- a sort of hard-boiled surrealism.", 'In the new novel, Claire has moved on from New Orleans, the scene of her last case in "Claire DeWitt and the City of the Dead." She\'s now living in San Francisco when called on to investigate the death of a close friend, her musician ex-boyfriend Paul Casablancas. Police are calling his death a robbery gone wrong, but Claire suspects murder. The case hits Claire hard, bringing up unresolved feelings of love. Was Paul the one who got away?', 'Gran says Claire looks at losing Paul "as a huge mistake that she\'s made in her life of letting someone go, or maybe it wasn\'t a mistake, maybe things were better the way they turned out. You just can\'t know and that\'s part of what\'s really hard for Claire, is never really knowing."', "Don't miss out on the conversation we're having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest stories and tell us what's influencing your life.", "As Claire digs deeper into Paul's murder, she's drawn to one of her past cases, another friend, this time a teenage girl, gone missing in 1980s New York. The two cases, past and present, lead Claire into a downward spiral of self-destructive behavior involving drugs and alcohol.", 'Gran says writing about Claire\'s personal challenges and seeing her change is what she loves most about the series. "People really do change with the character every book. I think that\'s a bit of surprise to readers because in most detective series the character is the same in every book. I wish we were like that in real life. Things would probably be better."', 'Claire is rooted in much of the author\'s own experience. "There\'s a lot that\'s autobiographical in Claire," Gran says. "Our life stories are really similar. The places where we\'ve lived and our interests, but we\'re more similar in the small things."', 'Sadly, Gran says those similarities don\'t extend to her dreams. "I wish I had dreams that were so exciting and deep like Claire. I very rarely have dreams that interesting and noteworthy."', 'Readers will get a kick out of Claire\'s method of crime-solving, a mix of mystical and new age philosophy, Buddhism and Hindu beliefs. It\'s also rooted in the writings of a fictional French detective, Jacques Silette, whose instruction tends to the cryptic. A typical piece of advice from Silette reads, "A clue is a word in another language and mysteries speak the language of dreams." Makes perfect sense, no?', 'Some readers, me included, will latch onto the Carlos Castaneda like tangents of "Claire DeWitt." Others are just in it for the mystery, and Gran is fine with that, too.', '"A lot of people just gloss over all the spiritual and philosophical stuff in the books, and they just read them as mysteries, which is OK," she said. "I\'m fine with people reading the book like that, but it is nice to hear from readers who appreciate that aspect of it."', "Gran says she's borrowed from several different schools of psychology and religion, things she finds personally interesting, to come up with Claire's world view. She calls it a reflection of her own upbringing, which she says wasn't limited to just one faith.", '"I was not raised as a member of any particular religion. My parents were always saying decide for yourself, think for yourself, think about what you believe in. So all those things are sort of equal to me," she said. "I always feel like whenever you learn something great it\'s OK to borrow that. I know some people don\'t agree and feel like you should stick with one philosophy or one religion, but that\'s never really been an option for me."', 'On the other hand, Gran says Claire is very single-minded in her goal as a detective, uncovering the truth. "From Claire\'s point of view solving a mystery and solving a crime are two different things. Solving a crime is what police and other detectives do, and they can do that better than her. She\'s not interested in that. What she does is solve mysteries, which is restoring truth to a situation."', "Gran is already working on Claire's next mystery, and she has a fourth book in mind.", 'A Brooklyn native now living in Los Angeles, she also writes for film and TV, including a past gig on the TNT drama "Southland." Gran says she enjoys both.', '"Writing books is a very solitary activity while working for TV is very collaborative. If I only did TV, I would go crazy although I did only write books for so long it\'s been really nice for me to take a break and work with a group of people and not have everything be on my shoulders in terms of telling the story."', 'Gran also says there\'s a "Claire DeWitt" TV series in the works. She\'s working on a pilot script with producer John Wells, one of the creative forces behind past hits "ER" and "The West Wing."', 'For all the mysticism, the philosophical jags, the hard-boiled behavior, the series is easy to read and fun. Neither Gran nor Claire takes themselves too seriously, just take a look at the names of some of Claire\'s past cases, including, \'The Case of the Kleptomaniacal Occultist" or "The Case of the Missing Miniature Horses."', 'Asked to boil down Claire\'s code as "the world\'s greatest P.I." into one sentence, Gran says, "Trust yourself. That\'s it in a nutshell."', "Author Tim Federle has just wrapped a long day at the Atlanta Junior Theater festival, working with several thousand boys and girls who dream of stardom on the Broadway stage. Count these kids as lucky; they've found the perfect mentor. ", 'There\'s good and bad news regarding Robert Crais\' new novel, "Suspect." First, the bad: There\'s no sign of uber-popular, crime-fighting duo, Elvis Cole and Joe Pike. Now the good: There is a dog.', 'In "The Hot Country," U.S. troops invade a foreign country where oil interests are at stake, a rising foreign power is looking to derail U.S. forces using cloak and dagger tactics, and there\'s a gunfight in the desert against insurgent enemies. ', 'This week super fans from around the world are gathering in New York to celebrate the 159th birthday of the legendary consulting detective Sherlock Holmes. ', 'In "The Twelve" it\'s the end of the world as we know it and while no one feels fine, millions love reading about it.', 'Fans of crime fiction know the names Connelly and Koryta well. Two Mikes. Two generations. Two masters of their craft.', '"Sorry Please Thank You" is his new collection of mind-bending, moving and sometimes melancholy stories.', "Crime fiction fans know the name Parker, a single-named anti-hero of the 1960s. As a character, he's a career criminal, hired gun and professional thief, a pulp-fiction prince of America's seedy underworld.", 'Werewolves are usually the stuff of B-movies and bad novels, but last year British author Glen Duncan did the unthinkable in literary circles, crafting a howling good tale out of the weary werewolf myth.', 'Best-selling author Alan Furst has made a career of capturing the classic cloak-and-dagger days leading up to World War II, bringing the era to life like a literary version of "Casablanca."', 'The night before he turned 40, Rich Roll had what he calls a "moment of clarity." Overweight and out of shape, Roll had to stop to catch his breath while walking up the stairs of his Southern California home. Roll, now a father of four, feared he was close to a heart attack. ', 'Craig Johnson looks like he could have stepped out of the pages of one of his own best-selling Western novels. With the late-day sun behind him, he could even pass for his fictional hero, Sheriff Walt Longmire. ', "It's one of our simplest yet most enduring inventions. While the games have evolved, the ball in all its various forms continues to play a key role in different cultures around the world. ", 'Former O.J. Simpson trial prosecturo Marcia Clark became a household name as the lead prosecutor in the O.J. Simpson murder trial. Clark is still mining her past, only now as a successful crime novelist. ', '"Waiting for Sunrise," the new novel from acclaimed British author William Boyd, is an evocative mix of sex, spies and psychoanalysis.', 'Bookshelves are bursting with a bevy of great new titles this spring but we wanted to highlight a trio of new thrillers that truly bring history to life.', 'Shin Dong-hyuk is the only known person born in a North Korean prison camp that escaped and survived to tell the tale. ', 'James Patterson may be the top-selling writer in the world; he might very well be the busiest, too. Patterson has three books near the top of the bestseller lists right now.', 'Muffled gun shots and squealing tires. A secret midnight meeting in a dark alley. Everyone recognizes the classic elements of a good cloak and dagger story. ', "History, from ancient Greece to hopscotching across time, plays a prominent role in March's best books.", 'Imagine a smoke-filled jazz club, dark and crowded. The sounds of a trumpet solo echo on stage, while a piano, bass and drums pound out a finger-snapping groove. ', 'P.G. Sturges, son of famous director Preston Sturges, writes classic noir novels, like "The Shortcut Man."', "We should all be so lucky to have friends like Elvis Cole and Joe Pike. Private detectives in modern-day Los Angeles, they're the stars of best-selling author Robert Crais' award-winning series of crime novels. ", 'Elmore Leonard is something of a living legend among lovers of crime fiction. A favorite of millions of readers, a hero to scores of writers, he\'s been called "America\'s greatest crime writer." ']