["Editor's note: Makeup maven Bobbi Brown and fashion expert Suze Yalof Schwartz answer Health magazine readers' springtime conundrums. ", "Brown: I think they're better for cleaning up cosmetics than putting them on. But I first got the idea for my gel liner when I lined my eyes with a Q-tip dipped in mascara! While I don't suggest doing that at home, I still love using cotton swabs for blending eye makeup. If you put too much shadow in the crease of your lid, run a Q-tip over it to smudge it out. And when mascara gets on your face, just roll the soft tip over the mark to take it off.", "Schwartz: A classic trench is always chic. And there are so many clever updates, like chartreuse piping. Also key: keeping your feet dry without sacrificing style. You can't go wrong with dark green or black wellies, but there is something fun about rain boots that give a pop of color.", "Don't miss out on the conversation we're having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest stories and tell us what's influencing your life.", 'Schwartz: Florals are a big trend this season! For a sophisticated take, swap riotous color for subtle neutral blooms; team with a crisp blouse. Or, try a floral top with jeans or khakis. Play with accessories: Choose a color from your print, or pick one that clashes for extra pizzazz.', 'Schwartz: Here are my rules: Cuff skinny or straight-leg jeans, but not baggier styles. Keep cuffs slim (an inch or two, maximum), hitting just at or above the ankles. Wear this look with leg-lengthening nude flats for a casual spin, or slip on strappy sandals for laid-back glam.', "CNN Living reflects your life. From advice for modern parents to the freshest news in food: It's all here.", "A fireplace isn't just a spot to keep logs and kindling. According to decorators and design enthusiasts, it's where you put your heart on display.", 'Nathan Berrong takes us on a tasty tour of the beers that can cool off your summer.', 'Go easy on yourself, let William do his fair share and check under your fingernails! Moms dish on what the Duchess can expect with new motherhood.', 'Every wedding is unique but most planning problems are universal. Experts share insights on how to say "no" gracefully but firmly.', "Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Your choice isn't made in a vacuum under the lights of a fitting room. ", "San Diego Comic-Con is a natural space for talking about harassment in geek culture, says Carrie Goldman, moderator of the con's first anti-bullying panel."]