["got to. We've got to continue to in the war in Afghanistan rebalance our fight against al-Qaeda. We need to combat  climate change  we've got to stand up for civil rights we've got to All those issues are important. And what we might not one of those ", "war in Afghanistan rebalance our fight against al-Qaeda. We need to combat climate change we've got to stand up for civil rights we've got to -- All those issues are important. And what we might not ", 'everybody who works hard feels like they can get ahead and feel some measure of security." Other issues, like stemming  climate change , advancing women\'s and civil rights, and reducing gun violence, are important too, Obama said. "But what we also ', 'Rica or South America to see it," he said. The big question though is why New Mexico. Some theorize that it could be  climate change , others point simply to the bird\'s wings. "Birds, with their power of flight, do this kind of thing regularly and ', 'House; expanded background checks for certain firearm purchases, which are stalled in Congress; and measures to curb  climate change , which the president outlined last month. Obama also plans a series of economic speeches beginning this week that will ', "for several U.N. agencies that the House wants to cut funding for completely. It provides stronger support for global  climate change  programs, international financial institutions, development efforts and disaster relief. The Senate's bill proposes ", 'Rica or South America to see it," he said. The big question though is why New Mexico. Some theorize that it could be  climate change , others point simply to the bird\'s wings. "Birds, with their power of flight, do this kind of thing regularly and ', 'present in nearly every state in the country. Populations, as well as sting rates, are on the rise, possibly due to  global warming . Currently more than half a million people seek medical treatment for insect stings each year, according to the National ', 'House; expanded background checks for certain firearm purchases, which are stalled in Congress; and measures to curb  climate change , which the president outlined last month. Obama also plans a series of economic speeches beginning this week that will ', 'children from gun violence, tackle  climate change  and overhaul fractured immigration laws point to progress on gay rights and  climate change , which had prominent placements in We will respond to the threat of  climate change , knowing that the failure to do so ', 'is now being produced," says Michael Levi, who heads the Council on Foreign Relations\' program on energy security and  climate change . Even safety experts worried about the dangers of shipping oil by rail acknowledge that the safety record of railroads is ', 'is now being produced," says Michael Levi, who heads the Council on Foreign Relations\' program on energy security and  climate change . Even safety experts worried about the dangers of shipping oil by rail acknowledge that the safety record of railroads is ', 'is now being produced," says Michael Levi, who heads the Council on Foreign Relations\' program on energy security and  climate change . Even safety experts worried about the dangers of shipping oil by rail acknowledge that the safety record of railroads is ', "stumbled on an unusual partner on  climate change : China. The world's two are finding common cause in  global warming  efforts. The U.S. says that nations like India to fight  climate change , too. Last week, American ", "Obama is talking  climate change  right now. At Georgetown event. Is solely by  climate change . Droughts and fires impacts go beyond  rising sea levels  here at home. 2012 feeling the effects of  climate change  don't have time ", "is an ABC news digital special report -- President Obama is talking climate change right now. At Georgetown University let's listen. Not everybody. Please be seated and my first announcement today is that you should all ", "Now we know that no single weather event. Is -- solely by climate change . Droughts and fires and floods. May go back to ancient times. But we also know that in a world that's warmer than ", "disaster relief. In -- those who were already feeling the effects of climate change don't have time to deny it. They're busy dealing with a. Firefighters are braving. Long -- wildfire seasons. And state and federal ", "got to. We've got to continue to in the war in Afghanistan rebalance our fight against al-Qaeda. We need to combat  climate change  we've got to stand up for civil rights we've got to All those issues are important. And what we might not one of those ", "war in Afghanistan rebalance our fight against al-Qaeda. We need to combat climate change we've got to stand up for civil rights we've got to -- All those issues are important. And what we might not ", "report on  global warming  and the picture glaciers and  sea ice  are disappearing report on  climate change  obtained look for  global warming . We're people.  Climate change  is real the continued  melting  of the world's warned that  rising sea levels  may cover ", "actually a new report that hits on the most pressing issue when global warming could make a difference. -- been gearing up -- this report coming out what could have me. And first time studied this size Chris this morning. 500 of the top scientists in the world are meeting behind closed doors to finish up a landmark report on global warming and the picture they're painting isn't pretty. We're talking about change it's not hundreds of years away but within the next ten years. This is not the future it's happening -- -- already massive glaciers and sea ice are disappearing. Droughts are ravaging Africa southern Asia and Australia and rising oceans are covering islands and beaches. And a draft of a new report on climate change obtained by ABC news paints a disastrous look for global warming . We're hoping that it it will convince people. -- Climate change is real the soon to be released report predicts an increase in heat -- intense tropical storms and hurricanes. Sharp rise in sea levels and then even faster pace continued melting of the world's ice. American scientists reportedly want the final version of the report to recommend new technologies. Called geo engineering. One ", "good morning Kelly Sheryl and they'll why take the Georgia college campuses why why do that allowed the movement to stop  global warming  has become the biggest movement this country's ever seen in how do you do that got him him all right he starred here and ", "Georgia college campuses why why do that allowed the movement to stop global warming has become the biggest movement this country's ever seen in how do you do that got him -- him all right he ", "economy the past week dramatic reports on the advance of  global warming  have come out of Antarctica. The findings show that sea There are three kinds of ice on the planet. First called  sea ice . The frozen surface of the polar oceans like that frozen mountains around the world even on the equator. They're  melting  far faster than scientists expected but don't add that ", "on the economy the past week dramatic reports on the advance of global warming have come out of Antarctica. The findings show that sea levels around the world are rising faster than expected so much so the major cities could be impacted in the coming decades. Bill Blakemore has this week's nature's edge notebook. These new headlines warming in Antarctica sea level rise around North America to be higher than expected mean we need to be clear about something pretty simple. There are three kinds of ice on the planet. First -- called sea ice . The frozen surface of the polar oceans like that frozen surface of this little lake here when it melts it will not raise the water level authority in the water. Second glaciers and mountains around the world even on the equator. They're melting far faster than scientists expected but don't add that much water to sea level rise. The third kind device does called ice ", "SyFy's original film about a  climate - change -induced twister full of angry sharks lit up Twitter.", 'panel on  climate change  will release February said  global warming  is real impacts of  global warming  region by drought and  rising sea levels . And scientists depended on  melting  snowpack examining how  global warming  could produce ', "Coming up this Friday United Nations panel on climate change will release the second of four major reports the first report back in February said global warming is real. And that is virtually certain that humans are to blame. What Friday's report will do is break down the impacts of global warming region by region across the world and degree by degree. This forecast is in a word frightening. Here's ABC's bill Blakemore. Drafts of the report that have been leaked final wording due on Friday show why scientists have been warning that its news is alarming. It shows -- world already changing dramatically more drought and rising sea levels . And scientists are finalizing this chart the projects what is coming. -- with each degree of future warming the Earth's natural life support systems breakdown more and more. For example with two more degrees warming as many as one and a half billion more people might not have enough water. Such as those who for millennia have depended on melting snowpack and glaciers. Everywhere more and more species face extinction. In regions already drying out even more crops would fail. When you think about places like Bangladesh. Where they have already overstretched societies. And they get hit with severe droughts or severe storms they are going to experience a massive disruption. Peter Schwartz directed a new study for the defense and intelligence community examining how global warming could produce emergencies. When an already stressed system say where there -- long running drought. Is suddenly hit by a spike in "]