['Brian Vitsmun sorts through debris at his home that was destroyed by a tornado on June 2, 2013 in Moore, Okla.  (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)', 'Wildfires, tornadoes and other natural disasters seem to be happening more and more these days. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration warns that the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season will be "above normal and possibly extremely active."', 'We can and have learned from past disasters that meaningful preparation can pay big dividends in helping people deal with and recover from the unimaginable. Here are some suggestions that might help you weather the disaster.', 'Have a family emergency disaster plan. Disasters can strike with little or no warning at any moment of the day. It is quite likely that many families are not together. Parents can be either at work or at home. Kids can be at school. Family members can be running chores or away on business trips or vacations. Therefore, you should develop a communication plan that establishes who you contact and when you contact them in the event of an emergency. You should also agree upon primary and secondary meeting places.', 'Keep emergency numbers handy for key support functions and home utilities. Create a list of all emergency service phone numbers, as well as those for your utility companies that provide electric power, natural gas, water and telephone services. Know where your shut-off switches and/or valves are for these services and how to shut them down. In event of a pending or significant disaster, turning off the electric, gas and water utilities -- if it can be safely done -- can help prevent secondary fires, explosions and internal flooding to your residence.', "Make copies (front and back) of the documents that confirm your identity and allow you to buy what you need. Birth certificates, driver's licenses and passports; Social Security, voter's registration and medical insurance cards; credit and debit cards. Also, make sure you have the customer service information for financial institutions and credit card companies as well as your credit and debit card numbers so you can contact them immediately and arrange for credit and debit card replacement in the event they are lost. You may wish to store this information in an encrypted file so that you can access it online. In the physical world, you may want to store a copy of these documents either in a waterproof container that can be secured in a safe place or scan them onto a password protected, encrypted USB drive that you always carry with you.", 'Consider remote electronic data storage for irreplaceable documents or photographs. If you have some irreplaceable or historical documents, trust and estate documents such as wills and Powers of Attorney or special family photographs, consider scanning them onto a disk and/or storing them in an accessible online electronic vault.', '11 Things Not to Do With Email10 Commandments of Summer TravelHow to Keep Identify Theft at Bay7 Ways to Protect Your FB Privacy', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']