['This photo provided by 6abc Action News shows the Inlet section of Atlantic City, N.J., as Hurricane Sandy makes it approach, Monday Oct. 29, 2012. Sandy made landfall at 8 p.m. near Atlantic City, which was already mostly under water and saw a piece of its world-famous Boardwalk washed away earlier in the day.  (AP Photo/6abc Action News, Dann Cuellar)', 'A few months ago, forecasters were predicting a "near-normal" hurricane season. Now, the East Coast is dealing with one of the most damaging storms to date.', 'Hurricane Sandy claimed scores of lives in the Caribbean. It was downgraded to a tropical storm before making landfall near Atlantic City around 8 p.m. Still, it prompted flooding and mass evacuations and halted Wall Street and early voting.', 'AP Photo/6abc Action News, Dann CuellarThis photo provided by 6abc Action News shows... View Full Size', 'AP Photo/6abc Action News, Dann CuellarThis photo provided by 6abc Action News shows the Inlet section of Atlantic City, N.J., as Hurricane Sandy makes it approach, Monday Oct. 29, 2012. Sandy made landfall at 8 p.m. near Atlantic City, which was already mostly under water and saw a piece of its world-famous Boardwalk washed away earlier in the day.', "Although the earth has been warming for decades, it's not so simple. Hurricane formation is not completely understood and scientists differ on how rising temperatures affect hurricane conditions.", "Data from the last 30 years shows an increase. Others point out there isn't enough evidence to be sure it's the cause.", 'Using prediction models, experts have determined that the frequency of fierce storms will rise, while weaker storms will dissipate.', '"Globally, we actually expect the number of storms to decline. And that\'s because the middle part of the atmosphere, two or three miles above the surface, gets drier in a relative sense as climate warms," Kerry Emanuel, professor of Atmospheric Sciences at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, told AccuWeather.', 'If the growing trend shown in early data continues, hurricanes will show themselves to be the most tangible impact of climate change.', 'Initial estimates put the cost of Sandy at $6 billion. Models of future storms show that damage could surge to $20 to $70 billion.', 'As the globe warms, ice melts, contributing to rising sea levels. This, in turn, makes coastlines more vulnerable to damage caused by storm surges.', 'Costs will increase as population continues to grow along the coast. Over the last roughly 20 years, population density has increased 32 percent along the Gulf coast and 17 percent on the Atlantic coast, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.', "What Sandy Did to Countries It's Already HitHurricane Sandy Limits Early Voting Immigrant Jobs Keep New York City Running During SandyHurricane Sandy Throws Campaign Into Chaos", 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']