["Robust bunch of story lines counted on for ABC's expanded coverage to help sell Indy 500", "Television executives are hoping a robust bunch of story lines accompanying this year's Indianapolis 500 will help build interest in IndyCar beyond the signature rac...", 'Brazilian Tony Kanaan wins the Indianapolis 500 in competition that smashed the record for most lead changes and most leaders.Kanaan drove past Ryan Hunter-Reay on a...', 'After years of heartbreak, Tony Kanaan has finally won the Indianapolis 500.Kanaan drove past Ryan Hunter-Reay on a restart Sunday with three laps to go, then coaste...', "Kevin Harvick won Sunday's Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway after passing Kasey Kahne for the lead following a restart with 11 laps to go.Harvick's second w...", 'JTG Daugherty Racing revealed on Saturday that A.J. Allmendinger will drive the No. 47 Toyota in place of Bobby Labonte in at least five Sprint Cup Series races this...', "Suspended driver A.J. Allmendinger said Wednesday that he will participate in NASCAR's substance-abuse recovery program, a sign that he wants to get back to racing a...", "Just hours before the start of Saturday night's Coke Zero 400 at Daytona International Speedway, NASCAR announced that Sprint Cup Series driver A.J. Allmendinger has...", 'Suspended NASCAR driver A.J. Allmendinger will have his second urine sample tested for banned substances next week.In a statement issued Tuesday on behalf of Allmend...', "Bobby Labonte's consecutive start streak will end at 704 races.Labonte's streak was the third-longest in history, shy of Ricky Rudd's 788 starts. Jeff Gordon has sta...", "Chip Ganassi Racing claimed its fifth victory while driver Scott Pruett matched a record in the prestigious Rolex 24 at Daytona on Sunday.Pruett tied Hurley Haywood'...", "Race fans will now play a bigger role in determining the format for Saturday night's preseason, non-points race at Daytona International Speedway.Officials from DIS ...", 'The 2013 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season has arrived and so has the new Generation-6 car.After extensive testing during the offseason, the much-anticipated Gen-6 mak...', 'Speedweeks 2013 at Daytona International Speedway kicks off this weekend, with The Sprint Unlimited preseason race scheduled for Saturday and then qualifying for the...', "Saturday night's Sprint Cup Series preseason race at Daytona International Speedway will be more than just a preview of the Feb. 24 Daytona 500.The Sprint Unlimited ...", 'NASCAR is back on the short track this weekend, as the Sprint Cup and Camping World Truck Series compete at Martinsville Speedway. The IndyCar Series runs its second...', 'AJ Allmendinger upped his effort to find a new job on Friday by making his first appearance at a NASCAR event since his suspension for failing a drug test.The visit ...', 'In a move that comes as no surprise, Penske Racing on Wednesday officially released AJ Allmendinger as driver of the No. 22 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Dodge Charger. A...', 'Suspended NASCAR driver A.J. Allmendinger revealed on Tuesday that he tested positive for Adderall, a drug typically prescribed for attention deficit hyperactivity d...']