["A.J. Allmendinger had a ride to envy with one of NASCAR's top teams end in stunning disgrace.He can only hope his failed drug tests don't cost him his career.Allmend...", 'NASCAR team owner Roger Penske will meet with suspended driver A.J. Allmendinger this week to discuss his future with the team.Speaking to reporters at the Indianapo...', 'As expected, Joey Logano is heading to Penske Racing to drive the No. 22 Ford in the Sprint Cup Series, starting next year.Penske announced on Tuesday that Logano ha...', 'According to a report from the Charlotte Observer on Monday, Joey Logano will join Penske Racing to drive the No. 22 car in the Sprint Cup Series, beginning in 2013....', "The NASCAR Sprint Cup and Nationwide Series will run on Bristol Motor Speedway's new track surface, while the IZOD IndyCar Series will return to action at the Sonoma...", "After finishing second in last Saturday's road course race in Montreal, Sam Hornish Jr. continued his methodical climb in the Nationwide Series point standings.Horni...", "All three of NASCAR's national touring series are in action this weekend, with Sprint Cup and Camping World Truck competing at Pocono Raceway and Nationwide running ...", "From Juan Pablo Montoya's freak accident in the Daytona 500 to Brad Keselowski winning his first Sprint Cup championship, this season in NASCAR's premier series was ...", 'Dale Earnhardt Jr. will not compete in the next two Sprint Cup Series races due to a pair of concussions he has suffered within the past six weeks.Earnhardt Jr., who...', 'Ricky Stenhouse Jr. is definitely excited that Iowa Speedway is the next stop on the Nationwide Series schedule.Stenhouse, the defending Nationwide champion, will at...', "Elliott Sadler put his bitterly disappointing week behind him by winning Saturday night's Nationwide Series race at Iowa Speedway.Sadler's victory in the U.S. Cellul...", 'Greg Biffle will start on the pole for the Bank of America 500 -- the fifth race in the Chase for the Sprint Cup -- after posting a new track record in Thursday nigh...', 'Penske Racing revealed on Wednesday that driver A.J. Allmendinger has been released from the team following his indefinite suspension by NASCAR for violating its sub...', "Dale Earnhardt Jr. is expected back on the track next weekend at Martinsville Speedway.Team owner Rick Hendrick said Sunday that NASCAR's most popular driver has bee...", 'AUTO RACING PACKAGE: On vacation, Brazilian IndyCar drivers getting taste of stock car racing', "Some of Brazil's IndyCar drivers are spending their time off from the open-wheel series racing stock cars back home. It turns out their vacation pastime hasn't been ...", "NASCAR revealed on Tuesday that driver A.J. Allmendinger has been reinstated following his successful completion of the sanctioning body's Road to Recovery Program.A...", 'NASCAR is sticking to its policy of not disclosing the specific substances that cause positive drug tests.Series President Mike Helton said Thursday that even though...', "Carl Edwards qualified second and Joey Logano third for Sunday's Brickyard 400, unfamiliar territory for both.Edwards has raced seven times at Indy, but started in t..."]