["Woody Austin's spent the past few years living the life of a golf nomad, not knowing when his next opportunity to play on the PGA Tour would come.", 'The 49-year-old Austin won the Sanderson Farms Championship on Sunday for his first PGA Tour victory since 2007, beating Cameron Beckman and Daniel Summerhays with an 8-foot birdie putt on the first hole of a playoff.', '"It\'s been a long road and a long time," Austin said. "Now I\'ve got a job again."', '"My iron play is my strength and it was there this week," said Austin, who has four career victories. "I was able to maneuver the ball around, get the ball close to the flag. The most important part of the game is putting and I putted good this week, plain and simple."', 'Beckman and Summerhays both birdied No. 18 to match Austin, and Beckman missed a 5-foot putt that would have forced a second playoff hole.', 'Summerhays and Thompson started the day tied for the lead, two shots ahead the pack.', 'But Thompson fell out of contention quickly with a double bogey on No. 5 and a bogey on No. 8. He finished fourth at 18 under, two shots back after a 71. Summerhays moved into the lead with a birdie on No. 9, but made bogey on 14 and fell behind until making birdies on both Nos. 17 and 18.', 'He tied for fourth the week before at the John Deere, a stroke out of a playoff after bogeying the final hole.', '"It\'s tough to swallow for sure, but again, it\'s my first playoff and there are all these new \'firsts,\'" Summerhays said. "Hopefully I can continue to learn and grow."', 'Beckman, a 43-year-old, recovered from a 72 in the opening round to post a 64, 65 and 67 in the final three rounds. He was tied for the lead at various times Sunday. He drilled an impressive 15-foot birdie putt to force the playoff, but his 5-foot putt on the playoff hole missed to the right.', 'Billy Andrade charged up the leaderboard with a 65 to tie for fifth at 17 under. The 49-year-old started the day seven shots off the lead but climbed quickly by shooting 7 under through his first 11 holes. He finished with seven straight pars.', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']