['PHOTO: Cars are stuck in traffic as a winter storm  arrives, Feb. 8, 2013 in Newington, N.H.', 'PHOTO: Cars are stuck in traffic as a  winter storm  arrives, Feb. 8, 2013 in Newington, N.H.', 'PHOTO: Kevin Quick plows a slushy mix in front of M & T Bank during a winter storm  in Buffalo, N.Y., Feb. 8, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Kevin Quick plows a slushy mix in front of M & T Bank during a  winter storm  in Buffalo, N.Y., Feb. 8, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Salt is thrown on a sidewalk as Manhattan prepares for a major winter storm  on Feb. 8, 2013 in New York City.', 'PHOTO: Salt is thrown on a sidewalk as Manhattan prepares for a major  winter storm  on Feb. 8, 2013 in New York City.', 'VIDEO: Families impacted by  hurricane  now in path of extreme winter  weather .', 'VIDEO: Weathercasters say the blizzard could be the worst snowstorm  in a century.', 'VIDEO: Weathercasters say the blizzard could be the worst  snowstorm  in a century.', 'PHOTO: In advance of a weird weather  pattern that has beset the Washington, D.C. metro region with tornado  warnings and 69 degree weather  in January, they have prepared the door to the press briefing ...', 'PHOTO: In advance of a weird  weather  pattern that has beset the Washington, D.C. metro region with  tornado  warnings and 69 degree  weather  in January, they have prepared the door to the press briefing room with sandbags.', 'VIDEO: Kate Middleton Immortalized in Royal Painting; Southern California Faces Big Snowstorm ', 'VIDEO: Kate Middleton Immortalized in Royal Painting; Southern California Faces Big  Snowstorm', 'PHOTO: Navy SEALs are seen fighting through a dust storm  in the new thriller directed by Kathryn Bigelow, "Zero Dark Thirty."', 'PHOTO: Navy SEALs are seen fighting through a  dust storm  in the new thriller directed by Kathryn Bigelow, "Zero Dark Thirty."', "VIDEO: Snowstorm  Kills At Least 15;'Storm Cam' Captures Powerful Twisters on Tape", "VIDEO:  Snowstorm  Kills At Least 15;'Storm Cam' Captures Powerful Twisters on Tape", 'VIDEO: Residents brace for high winds, freezing temperatures as second winter storm  approaches western NY.', 'VIDEO: Residents brace for high winds, freezing temperatures as second  winter storm  approaches western NY.', 'VIDEO: Newtown Tries to Return to Normal; Christmas Travel Could Be Slowed by Winter Storm ', 'VIDEO: Newtown Tries to Return to Normal; Christmas Travel Could Be Slowed by  Winter Storm', 'PHOTO: Relatives cross a river to bury their loved one, who died in a flash flood  caused by Typhoon  Bopha on Dec. 6, 2012, in New Bataan township, Compostela Valley in the southern Philippines.', 'PHOTO: Relatives cross a river to bury their loved one, who died in a  flash flood  caused by  Typhoon  Bopha on Dec. 6, 2012, in New Bataan township, Compostela Valley in the southern Philippines.', "VIDEO: Paula Lane's brother refused to give up searching after she went missing in snowstorm .", "VIDEO: Paula Lane's brother refused to give up searching after she went missing in  snowstorm .", 'PHOTO: Plows and taxis mingle on the street during a snowstorm  in this Feb. 12, 2006 file photo in New York City.', 'PHOTO: Plows and taxis mingle on the street during a  snowstorm  in this Feb. 12, 2006 file photo in New York City.', 'VIDEO: The extreme weather  team tracks the latest from the devastating hurricane .', 'VIDEO: The extreme  weather  team tracks the latest from the devastating  hurricane .', 'PHOTO: Much of the New York City skyline sits in darkness after Hurricane  Sandy, on October 30, 2012 in Weehawkin, New Jersey, the storm  that has claimed at least 40 lives in the United States, and ...', 'PHOTO: Much of the New York City skyline sits in darkness after  Hurricane  Sandy, on October 30, 2012 in Weehawkin, New Jersey, the  storm  that has claimed at least 40 lives in the United States, and has caused  massive flooding  accross much of the Atlantic']