["Europe's energy market continues to suffer from the region's economic malaise, a sharp drop in the price for coal and  carbon emissions , and uncertainty surrounding Germany's drive to increase renewables. Many utilities have been forced to make similar ", "asterisks. Obama did outline an ambitious climate change agenda this month, including first-ever limits on  carbon dioxide emissions  from existing power plants. But it's far too early to say whether his pledges will get results. Congressional ", "testifies against him. 7. RARE OCCURENCE: US, CHINA ON SAME PAGE The world's two biggest emitters of heat-trapping  greenhouse gases  are finding common cause in efforts to reduce global warming. 8. WHAT'S UNUSUAL ABOUT THE NORTHEAST HEAT WAVE The ", "partner on climate change: China. The world's two biggest  greenhouse gas  emitters are finding common cause in global warming efforts China's president recently struck a deal to phase out a potent  greenhouse gas  used in refrigerators. Skeptics question if either nation ", 'power plants abroad as part of an effort to curtail global  greenhouse gas  emissions. The bank says in a statement that the vote against careful environmental review" of the project\'s expected  greenhouse gas  production. Environmental groups call the vote on the 1 ', 'to compelling action on climate change." Most lawmakers won\'t live to see the results of their votes on issues like  carbon emissions  and coal power, she said. Young adults will. Check out the video to hear the senator\'s thoughts on the lack of diversity ', "The government defended the move as a necessary weapon against climate change. Australia is one of the world's worst  greenhouse gas  emitters per capita because of its heavy reliance on massive coal reserves to generate electricity. But the backlash from ", "and federal permitting. NEEDS STATE ACTION: The plan's centerpiece is imposing first-ever limits on  carbon dioxide emissions  from existing power plants, which will require each state to draft its own compliance proposal. That places ", "advocate for the president's agenda. The centerpiece of Obama's plan is imposing the first-ever limits on  carbon dioxide emissions  from existing power plants. This will require each state to draft its own compliance proposal, placing a ", 'habit from their kids. And kids heard it from their teachers. If kids learn about recycling, carbon footprints and  greenhouse gases  in the classroom, they might carry those lessons home. Media companies can also play a role, according to Kizzy ', 'on his home and was interviewed as part of this 2006 "Nightline" story about the city of Aspen and the effort to cut  carbon emissions  that contribute to global warming. "He was such a brilliant, passionate, and articulate advocate for everything that ', 'Matthew L. Wald: " Energy Secretary Optimistic on Obama\'s Plan To Reduce Emissions " The short-term plan to reduce  greenhouse gas  emissions that President Obama outlined this week is achievable with some new programs and better management of existing ', 'energy industry. Manufacturers are concerned the crackdown on  carbon emissions  could lead to higher electricity costs. Nuclear and renewable energy companies may benefit if  greenhouse gas  emissions are restricted. After the recent declines, stock ', 'all the  greenhouse gases  around me dioxide the  methane  and  nitrous oxide . Of course Those same  greenhouse gas  molecules sources of  greenhouse gas  are actually that are the  greenhouse gases . What do the new  greenhouse gas  finder cameras greenhouse gas CO2  that you ', "the single biggest part of the global warming problem. -- all the greenhouse gases around me here and in the streets around the park coming out of the tail pipes of the cars and buses the carbon dioxide the methane and nitrous oxide Of course not. Green house gases are invisible by definition. Here's why. There molecules shaped in a way that lets energy in the form of visible light from the sun. Pass through like a clear pane of glass on a greenhouse so you don't see the glass. You see the light that comes through it. But when that same energy turns in the heat which radiates back toward space says infra red light. Those same greenhouse gas molecules trapped infra red light or heat and hold -- in the atmosphere. Warming it. So TV news reports you've seen so far on global warming have been misleading the smoke and steam billowing from chimneys and tail pipes. In video we've used to show sources of greenhouse gas are actually cooling in the year. They're cold air assaults any emissions carrying particles or droplets which actually reflect a hot sunlight right back in the states. It's the invisible gases that carried those reflective particles are droplets that are the greenhouse gases What do you could see them safe from this tailpipe. Check this out. Before from this pickup truck. -- the new greenhouse gas finder cameras from the clear company now makes you invisible. Visible. Clear technicians pointed a camera at this hole in the Arctic ice. And found the powerful greenhouse gas methane leaking from warming sea beds. Struck a match and got an instant campfire on the ice. Clear can even see the greenhouse gas CO2 that you breathe out everytime you breeze. And -- knows the CO2 that humans and other animals breathe out does not add to global warming. Because it's part of the natural yearly carbon cycle. And tiny by comparison to the CO2 emissions from all the ancient buried carbon coal oil and gas that we're putting back in the air. -- cameras are finding Green house leaks in many places this man refilling his propane -- does not see this. And organic greenhouse gases from storage tanks this is gas escaping from a vent pipe and an attack. And again completely invisible to anybody that happens to be walking around this plan. Clear has not yet made a commercial camera to see the major greenhouse gas carbon dioxide and always ask for work not yet. But new laws around the world may soon mean it's no longer free to put carbon dioxide into the year. Imagine what these scenes might look like if you could also see the invisible CO2 greenhouse emissions. Our graphic artists working from its clear images suggest it might well look like this. Board this. It's probably no coincidence that many of the harmful emissions that we can see I've already been regulated. The psychological impact of seeing would be great. If our eyes could see all the excess CO2 that are industrial world is putting back into the air. Carbon dioxide in the world's air was well below 300 parts per ", 'the size of the  greenhouse gas  problem. Is that See all the  greenhouse gases  around me here carbon dioxide and  nitrous oxide  and  methane  of course not.  Greenhouse gases  are invisible show sources of  greenhouse gas  are actually cooling ', "all of its electricity from the wind in the sun to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. It's an ambitious goal and will likely take a major effort to convince people it's worth the cost because. Psychologists say one reason people have been slow to realize the size of the greenhouse gas problem. Is that they can't see those gases. Here's ABC's bill Blakemore. See all the greenhouse gases around me here warming the planet these carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide and methane of course not. Greenhouse gases are invisible in fact TV reports you've seen so far on global warming have been slightly misleading. The smoke and steam billowing from a chimney or tail -- in pictures we used to show sources of greenhouse gas are actually cooling the earth. They're called aerosols. Emissions carrying particles are droplets that actually reflects sunlight right back in the space. It's the invisible gases that carry those reflective particles are droplets. That are the greenhouse gases Suppose you could see all the invisible greenhouse gases say from the tailpipe. Check this out. The new greenhouse gas finder cameras from the -- company. Now make the invisible visible and are also finding greenhouse gas leaks everywhere. Like this man refilling his propane bottle. Another greenhouse gas We see stuff coming from everywhere not seeing it. Means you don't and have a real appreciation for the problem. -- even pointed a camera at this whole in the Arctic ice and found powerful greenhouse gas methane leaking from warming sea bed below. Struck a match and got an instant campfire on burning -- Flir has made cameras for several greenhouse gases organic greenhouse gases from storage tanks. This is gas escaping from me vent pipe than an attack. And again completely invisible to anybody that happens to be walking around this plan. But they have not made a camera that sees the major greenhouse gas carbon dioxide no -- asked for work. Not yet. But new laws may soon make it no longer free to put carbon ", 'greenhouse gas  is aghast that allow sunlight effect. By the emission of more  greenhouse gases  like carbon dioxide  methane  and nitrous yeah. The earth has to continue to warm because of  greenhouse gases  already in the atmosphere. So ', "-- greenhouse gas is aghast that allow sunlight to come in. But doesn't allow the infrared energy that the earth radiates back to escape to space. So what happens is it traps heat within the Earth's atmosphere kind of like a blanket. Global warming is a human intensification. Of the natural greenhouse effect. By the emission of more greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide methane and nitrous -- yeah. The earth has warmed by about one degree Fahrenheit over the last hundred years at the surface of the years. That's the air temperatures just above the surface. And one degree may not sound like much but it's actually quite a bit on the globe. Leverage. The -- is going to continue to warm because of greenhouse gases already in the atmosphere. So there's a certain amount of additional warming were already committed -- so we've seen a one degree ", "While our  carbon emissions  are roughly reduce our  carbon emissions . Federally we're not  methane  emissions 13 of our  greenhouse gases . The good reduced their  greenhouse gas  emissions time for  carbon emissions  to stabilize ", "the -- that I took office. My administration pledged to reduce America's greenhouse gas emissions by about. 8%. From -- to. We doubles. Electricity generation from wind and the sun. We doubled the mileage our cars. ", "to lead by example. I'm proud that federal agencies have reduced their greenhouse gas emissions by more than 15% since I took office wrong. But wouldn't really -- Matt. So today setting a new -- York ", 'civilizations  greenhouse gas  emissions amount of  greenhouse gas  which is humanities  greenhouse gas  emissions dioxide. But  methane  and the chlorofluorocarbons as well.  Nitrous oxide  we have trapping human induced  greenhouse gases . That black filling up of  greenhouse gases . I knew invisible  CO2  and other ', 'dots and warn humanity of the severe global warming produced by civilizations greenhouse gas emissions. As tributes poured in from around the world on the news of his death to his home in California. It was ', "overhead it is only normal here and -- a certain amount of greenhouse gas which is not a relevant to today's subject. Where the atmosphere today is a little misty and weird it looks like to ", 'one of those few scientists who said back in 1973. The humanities greenhouse gas emissions would likely not warm the earth but cool it. Giving rise briefly. To such media reports as this one in TV ', "levels rising,  greenhouse gases  mounting, glaciers do say, all the  greenhouse gas  is on the rise Carbon dioxide,  methane  and night  nitrous oxide . And so these are we start limiting  greenhouse gases  if we're starting ", "event is caused by global warming what they do say, all the greenhouse gas is on the rise. In the largest levels. Carbon dioxide, methane and night nitrous oxide . And so these are man-made gases and not natural. For the first time. That's what we've heard. We've heard this is not yet the tipping point. So still time to do something? Well, if you want my opinion, diane, what I would say, now is the time we start limiting greenhouse gases if we're starting to see that is what studies show. ", 'know that humans emitting  greenhouse gases  are making the planet point the concentration of  CO2  in the atmosphere is rising parts per million but  CO2  levels are already at then reverse the rise in  greenhouse gases . But they say it will ', 'for coral reefs could soon reach a tipping point the concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere is rising. Corals are stable here at 350 parts per million but CO2 levels are already at 385 and rising quickly. At 450 and higher we can pretty much cycle by the color or race. ']