["it began in the Midwest to where it blanketed the Mid-Atlantic with snow, the massive storm is now in a pocket of  Greenland  and Eastern Canada cold air and the mild Gulf Stream air. This disparity in temperature has enhanced the storm's strength ", 'greenhouse gases trapped in  ice . The frosty dungeon hides released, the world\'s  climate  would suffer fatal consequences freezing point." Precise  Climate  Records Since water from are precise records of the  climate . In warmer times, the so-called numerous trees in southern  Greenland . On the Border In periods with pieces even in the  ocean  floor. So what does this for these areas in the high  Arctic ? "We understand that we ', "we're also close to Valentine's Day, how about BOI meets GRL? That's Manila's former carrier Aboitiz Air and Air  Greenland , respectively. Some of these codes sound like a party: FUN (Funtshi Aviation Service); FAB (First Air), EZY ", 'people can say they\'ve done that," she said. Brennan is already planning her next trip - to  Greenland , Norway, Sweden and  Iceland  and the  Arctic  Circle - and says after she graduates she wants to spread the word about traveling the globe ', "descendents abandoned  Greenland  in the late 15th century church on Hvalsey Fjord in  Greenland  that was only five meters Icelander and the girl from  Greenland  was one of the last raucous Nordic settlements in  Greenland . The descendants of settlers from Norway,  Iceland  and Denmark to live on that the cooling of the  climate  and the resulting crop came to an end, the  Greenlandic  farmers and ranchers ceased. As a result,  Greenland 's residents were increasingly more and more like the  Inuit , distancing themselves ", "Intergovernmental Panel on  Climate  Change (IPCC) won't announce scientific circles. The field of  climate  research has advanced since amounts to the difference in  climate  between the northern city that mountain glaciers and  Greenland 's continental  ice  will melt more quickly than ", 'Where Will Sandy Rank? Sandy will meet up with cold front coming from the northwest and a high pressure system from  Greenland , fueling it with enough energy to make it more powerful than Hurricane Grace, the so-called "Perfect Storm" in ', 'Where Will Sandy Rank? Sandy will meet up with cold front coming from the northwest and a high pressure system from  Greenland , fueling it with enough energy to make it more powerful than Hurricane Grace, the so-called "Perfect Storm" in ', 'Hurricane Sandy: Full Coverage Sandy will meet up with cold front coming from the northwest and a high pressure system from  Greenland , fueling it with enough energy to make it more powerful than the so-called "Perfect Storm" in 1991, meteorologists ', 'Hurricane Sandy: Hundreds of Flights Canceled, Mass Transit Systems Shutting Down Ahead of Storm', 'eastern third of the country. Sandy will meet up with cold front coming from the northwest and a high pressure system from  Greenland , fueling it with enough energy to make it more powerful than the "Perfect Storm," some meteorologists say. "This ', 'eastern third of the country. Sandy will meet up with cold front coming from the northwest and a high pressure system from  Greenland , fueling it with enough energy to make it more powerful than the "Perfect Storm," some meteorologists say. "This ', "the Caribbean. The storm will soon meet up with a cold front coming from the northwest and a high pressure system from  Greenland , fueling it with enough energy to wreak havoc on the East Coast. Although it's too soon to tell how much damage can ", 'the worst. Sandy is expected to combine with a cold front coming from the northwest and a high pressure system from  Greenland , fueling it with enough energy to make it more powerful than the "Perfect Storm" from 1991, Hurricane Grace, some ', "which we went through How the  ice  is melting Cameramen Clinton that's most of you get to the  Arctic . Areas to do science first sign that we are approaching  Greenland  was this iceberg down below It's the airline hub of  Greenland  known as to the people who air on top. Of the two mile  Greenland ice  sheet 2000 miles long ", "trip to Green land which we went through -- -- How the ice is melting -- Cameramen Clinton -- -- and producer. And -- a degree land mostly is with the US air force the Air National Guard. They're flying for the National Science Foundation and these are mostly scientists who are quite accustomed to flying in C 130 -- Because that's most of -- -- you get to the Arctic . Areas to do science first sign that we are approaching Greenland was this iceberg down below. And we lend itself a vast and very bleak magnificent land. We are getting off in our first. Site. This is beautiful downtown -- -- -- walk actually it's all of kangaroo -- -- It's the airline hub of Greenland known as -- -- to the people who fly in and out frequently. It's really just an old US air base established ", "two miles in the air on top. Of the two mile -- Greenland ice sheet -- 2000 miles long a thousand miles wide solid ice . These planes. Are flying in very thin air and we felt the -- because we're at twice the -- of Denver. When we got up here it was hard to get used to the fact we were standing on nothing but ice you move around -- by. Sled when you can we landed in the snowstorm there's been an unusual amount of snow this ", "absorbs the -- they're trying to figure out how fast. The great Greenland ice sheet might in fact melt and Begin to raise sea level. Putting up balloons to figure out how the atmosphere is changing with global warming. Everybody trying to find out just how quickly sea level may rise -- As global warming continues. The immense city of this ice sheet just amazed us on these beautiful clear days that we had up there. It's what the Chicago and Albany. Areas like during the -- -- -- And we flew back down over the end of the Yucca -- and ice fjord the fastest. One of the fastest. Flowing glaciers in the world. That's the edge of it right there the edge of the ice sheet as seen from very high up in the mountains where. The ice sheet begins to -- down into this -- -- We took a helicopter ride. That was quite hair raising to see what ice -- itself was like. This is. Actually all of the icebergs that have broken off the face of the -- of carbon glacier. And slowed down through this subject area of -- -- the same place that -- the iceberg that sank the Titanic by the way that figure that out not long after the Titanic. In fact saying. But it's because this whole area is now producing twice as much ice coming off the glacier as it did. Just a few years ago that they're worried sea -- may go very fast. Watch ", 'bringing to the nation of  Greenland  He also learned some surprising not otherwise known as  Greenland . A town where increasingly they are a member of the  Arctic  Council which consists nordic five. Consisting of  Iceland . Norway Sweden Finland Hewitt who live all around  Greenland .  Greenland  is an unusual country in covered entirely. It.  Ice  sometimes of course you know enough. And that is  Greenland  diary and it is our Friday ', "people. The ethnic name of the in Hewitt who live all around Greenland . Greenland is an unusual country in that sense the people live all around the edges the middle of the country more than 80% of it is covered entirely. It. Ice sometimes of course you do see signs in Danish such as this one -- -- -- smog. Well I don't speak Danish I think it has something to do with hot dogs. Bill Blakemore ABC news -- not allowed to know enough. And that is -- Greenland diary and it is our Friday tradition here. On the webcast to bring -- photos of the week's stories you may have ", 'warming. Is bringing to the nation of  Greenland  He also learned some surprising new and hello do not otherwise known as  Greenland . A town where increasingly now you As such they are a member of the  Arctic  Council which consists of eight countries and the nordic five consisting of  Iceland . Norway Sweden Finland and Denmark the in Hewitt who live all around  Greenland .  Greenland  is an unusual country in that sense of it is covered entirely. In  ice . Sometimes of course you do see ', "people. The ethnic name of the in Hewitt who live all around Greenland . Greenland is an unusual country in that sense. The people of all around the edges the middle of the country more than 80% of it is covered entirely. In ice . Sometimes of course you do see signs in Danish. Such as this one -- -- prevailed smog. Well I don't speak -- ", "to survive. The massive  ice  cap covering  Greenland  is also melting and the consequences Blakemore. The C 130 taking to  Greenland  was packed signs. experts of frozen water into the  ocean  every day. Raising sea level It's at the center of  Greenland ice  sheet which is two miles warming Bill Blakemore ABC news  Greenland .", "die off by the year 2050 because global warming is melting the ice they need to survive. The massive ice cap covering Greenland is also melting and the consequences of that. Could be even more devastating which is why this barren island is suddenly getting a lot of visitors including ABC's bill Blakemore. The C 130 taking -- to Greenland was packed signs. -- -- experts from many countries are coming to this vast and wild land to assess the danger of global warming. As a -- Lewis sought glacier. Breathtaking to -- but now pouring twenty million tons of frozen water into the ocean every day. Raising sea level which -- devastate the world's coastlines. The glaciers melt back is now speeding up the re treating ", "outpost run by the National Science Foundation. It's at the center of Greenland ice sheet which is two miles thick so we landed 101000 feet above sea level. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "-- this camp to gauge how fast global warming may melt this ice sheet. In -- last decade I think what we've seen as this unprecedented warming. The -- president and warming really got everybody's attention -- It could raise sea level even further as we were reminded two days later -- a boatload of tourists and they were toasting with drinks cooled by chunks of broken off these towering and Lewis -- icebergs. That are now flowing faster and faster into a warming -- Bill Blakemore ABC news Greenland . ", "vast stretches of the  Arctic Ocean  and that. Has touched off Canadian navy expanding its  Arctic  patrol. What's going on fisheries all now accessible as  ice  melts away. And the fabled stretch of the western coast of  Greenland  become strategically much Arctic . Denmark which governs  Greenland  is laying claim to waters ABC news off the coast of  Greenland .", "changes taking place at the top of the world this was the Arctic ice cap last summer. This is the ice cap today. Scientists say it is now the smallest on record this great melting is opening up vast stretches of the Arctic Ocean and that. Has touched off a fierce competition among nations for -- that lies beneath. Those now open waters. ABC's bill Blakemore has been traveling in the Arctic . Open the Arctic these days you can find her. Danish komando dog -- patrols. As US ice breakers map the sea bed thinking -- -- Russian subs planting their flag on the same sea -- And the Canadian navy expanding its Arctic patrol. What's going on. A new Cold War as there was in the American west in the eighteen hundreds. There's a great land grab going on but most of the land is at the bottom of the sea floor. Under that sea floor giants but largely unexplored oil and gas fields. Over -- new warm water fisheries all now accessible as ice melts away. And the fabled northwest passage providing a whole new way for ships to travel between the Pacific and Atlantic now fully open for the first time. As the northwest passage -- open. This entire stretch of the western coast of Greenland become strategically much more important. It's the eastern entrance to the passage. From Europe. And the eastern US. All of which explains what these countries are now doing in the Arctic . Denmark which governs Greenland is laying claim to waters off agreements 2000 mile coast here. The Russians claim nearly half the Arctic Ocean is -- Canada claims most of the northwest passage routes are inside its territory. But you can't just say they're Canadian and ", 'near a remote glacier in  Greenland  today they took part in a the floating mountains of  ice  giant chunks that had broken others like around the edge of  Greenland  have sped up so much in the a collapse of the entire  Greenland ice  sheet. That would be has nowhere to go but the  ocean  how fast would sea level Bill Blakemore ABC news at  Greenland  Jacques of and  ice  fjord ', "an extraordinary gathering of world religious leaders near a remote glacier in Greenland today they took part in a silent prayer for the planet. Part of a pilgrimage to draw attention to global warming. ABC's bill Blakemore recently returned from a visit to the -- -- glacier the site of today's prayer. Our helicopter was a tiny -- -- the floating mountains of ice giant chunks that had broken off the so called galloping glacier. Where the volume of ice breaking into the sea has doubled in the last few years it's been one of the fastest -- on earth the ice fjord seems perfectly still. But American please yell ledges Jason Ahmanson has made time lapse video showing what happens here in less than twenty minutes. That's ice racing from the glacier. That the glaciers speeding up -- now pulling more ice from the from the ice -- from higher up. It's sort of like pulling -- -- in about. The big question scientists are now asking especially since the -- of carbon glacier and others like -- around the edge of Greenland have sped up so much in the past three years. Is whether this is the beginning of what they call a collapse of the entire Greenland ice sheet. That would be a calamity for hundreds of millions of people around the world here's -- that ice sheet is immense holding massive amounts of water. It's like standing on the surface of a lake that's frozen solid that's two miles deep 2000 miles long. A thousand miles wide. And that's beginning to melt. The water has nowhere to go but the ocean how fast would sea level rise and it's almost certain. That we would get sea level rise have at least a few meters this -- this century if we follow business as usual. That could mean anyone on the planet living near a coastline could be flooded out for good by mid century. One reason the world's religious leaders came here today to pray. Bill Blakemore ABC news at Greenland Jacques of -- and ice fjord. ", "huge piece of frozen earth in  greenland  on july 8th and four days later to that region, the melting  ice  to find a truly mysterious davis went to find them in the  arctic . Reporter: I'm traveling The so called unicorn of the  ocean  with that single tusk that The problem is the  arctic  see  ice  is melting faster than any narwhal to predators. The  ice  is disappearing beneath our ", "from massive satellites, that show a huge piece of frozen earth in greenland on july 8th and four days later, gone. It has thawed. Tonight, we're going to take you to a rare trip to that region, the melting ice to find a truly mysterious creature the one that inspired tales of the unicorn. The kind of tale that needs human help. Linsey davis went to find them in the arctic . Reporter: I'm traveling to one of the most inhospitable places in the world the middle of nowhere baffin island deep inside the arctic circle. We're into our third hour of getting pulled by a snowmobile not another human being in sight. Are we lost? Reporter: This is the price of admission for a shot at seeing one of the most elusive creatures on the planet the narwhal. The naro. The so called unicorn of the ocean with that single tusk that can be up to 10 feet long it's rumored to live to 90, it's the stuff of fantasy. The problem is the arctic see ice is melting faster than any other. S exposing the narwhal to predators. The ice is disappearing beneath our feet. Welcome to the edge of the world, right? Reporter: Tom lennartz is out fearless team leader from arctic kingdom polar expeditions. We travel to the edge of the ice and then, arch back in distance. Suddenly we hear a massive gasp of air. They're all around us now. Just as quickly "]