['senator and well-known  climate change  denier Jim Inhofe thought devastation in Oklahoma or  climate change , both men have repeatedly importance of investigating  climate change  as the recent tornado system Earth is entering a period of  cooling  rather than warming on the ', 'trade and investment protectionism, pandemic disease,  climate change , or a loss of access to ?nancial, energy, or mineral resources raise interest rates, not for the traditional purpose of  cooling  in?ationary pressures, but rather to attract needed dollars ', 'an example of  climate change . Barton delivered can perpetuate  climate change . "I would point an example of  climate change , and that certainly the issue of  climate change , said mankind is heating or  cooling ," suggesting ', 'Human-caused  climate change  is reality human-caused  climate change . Blakemore catastrophic  climate change  by limiting mimic the  cooling  effect of might end up  cooling  some regions analogy with  climate change  where, you ', "morning off. Hopefully, he's  cooling  off somewhere. Big news this factor for every American. MORAN:  Climate change  is a political issue. DIONNE or political discussions about  climate change . They just want it to stop ", 'even that "global temperature is now  cooling ." As explained in previous Nature\'s year-to-year. It exposes "the myth of  cooling " - that version of Canard No. 2 in which even claim that "global temperature is  cooling ," which they do by cherry picking only ', "Climate Canard No. 1: A 'Crime Against Humanity' (and the Central Fear About Global Warming)", 'orbit around the sun.  Climate change  deniers often cite or Even Slightly  Cooling  The world\'s scientists decades, had written  climate change  cover stories for Time in studying "abrupt  climate change ," especially in the ', 'warming. Both  climate change  skeptics and Intergovernmental Panel for  Climate Change  (IPCC) puts judgments about  climate change  cannot be reached those who warn of  climate change  and those who influences, this  cooling  sun will supposedly ', "of the shaking. The good news is, it didn't affect the  cooling  of the spent nuclear fuel pool - at least, according to TEPCO the two shark species is a sign the animals are adapting to  climate change . They warn that this kind of mating could make the sharks ", 'with natural  climate change . The reporter Intergovernmental Panel on  Climate Change  tells us, unequivocally direct impacts of  climate change  on industry are people manage  climate change  - new means of reflect, in the  cooling  dusk, that in ', 'Inhofe, a fellow  climate - change  skeptic, who skepticism regarding  climate change  , having repeatedly moving into a " cooling  period," a criticism of  climate change  theorists drew Gore condemned  climate - change  skeptics\' attempts ', "begun about whether this is evidence of  climate change  or not. So today we ask you. Is global that global warming are we should say  climate change  is a real issue. Mr. also joins us say on the face of it this looks like  global cooling  doesn't. No it doesn't in fact ", "of snow storms is evidence that global warming are we should say climate change is a real issue. Mr. -- also joins us live from the ABC news Washington DC bureau thanks to both of you. We've got -- me. We have got a lot of tweets coming in on this so let's just first say on the face of it -- -- this looks like global cooling doesn't. No it doesn't -- in fact. This is consistent. We -- predictions that scientists have made about what global warming future ", 'They also fought for a moment that it was  cooling  about that in just a moment that was way that earth is actually not warming but  cooling . And maybe also heard that since scientist 1970 were telling us. The planet was  cooling  and we still see some people saying why ', "really was warming. They also fought for a moment that it was cooling -- about that in just a moment that was way back in the 71 of course. Wait a minute we've got to give you more context and that. First of all we're talking to professor Steve Schneider of Stanford University partly because he's the patient from hell as we'll explain secondly. You may have heard confusing claims by some people that earth is actually not warming but cooling . And maybe also heard that since scientist told us back in the 1970s that the earth would cool. Why should we listen ", "scientists back there in the 1970 were telling us. The planet was cooling and we still see some people saying why should we trust the site -- they say. They said back in a nineteen -- the planet was cooling now they say is warning I remember I came dealers and what about that doctor Schneider what about that doctor Schneider. It was true we didn't -- warming and cooling I first thought 1970 when I was grad student. The cooling was more likely but I made a mistake you know the pollution around cities reflects sunlight could cool climate. I assume that ", "-- -- -- the Paper was what was wrong with my own cooling theory. Because when you demonstrate how evidence drives you to conclusions. You'd hope that people would think that you're more credible than ", "isn't. Human caused  climate change  is reality were about to the catastrophic  climate change  and I'm by limiting We could sort of the  cooling  effect of a volcanic You might end up  cooling  some regions at the thinking this is true  climate change  where you know we've ", "into the stratosphere. Every few years. We could sort of -- the cooling effect of a volcanic eruption and potentially do enough of that that we would offset the warming effect of the increasing greenhouse gas concentrations. It turns out when you actually run -- climate model you look at what would happen. I'm there all sorts of potentially very detrimental things that could happen for example. You might end up cooling some regions at the expense of warming other regions even faster than they would have. Because of the -- to air currents ", "thought for a moment that it was  cooling  will ask him about that in just were telling us. The planet was  cooling  and we still see some people saying things help people hurt by the  climate change  already in the pipeline we can't ", 'really was warming. They also thought for a moment that it was cooling will ask him about that in just a moment that was way back in the seventies first of course. Wait a minute ', "scientists back there in the 1970s were telling us. The planet was cooling and we still see some people saying why should we trust the -- as they say. They said back in the nineteen Sony is a planet was cooling now they say is warning I remember I came dealers and what about that doctor Schneider what about that doctor Schneider. It was true we didn't know warming from cooling I first thought 1970 when I was grad student. The cooling was more likely but I made a mistake you know the pollution around cities reflects sunlight could cooler climate. I assume that ", "-- -- -- -- Paper was what was wrong with my own cooling theory. Because when you demonstrate -- evidence -- -- conclusions. You'd hope that people would think that -- more credible than somebody ", "talk about and maybe not on health care. I was talking  climate change  last week I'm sure he's got his own economic programs little bit to the senator senator left. You talked about  climate change  last week. We obviously you know this new version of got very little to run on I think they are drinking now  cooling . But spiked the White House that the DNC. Are excellent ", 'got very little to run on I think they are drinking now cooling . But spiked -- -- the White House that the DNC. Are excellent after a second here can somebody win this debate and ', "we're also about the don't know  cooling  and lending it kicks in and this don't confuse weather with  climate change . That's exactly what I've said. I don't weather with  climate change  but. If you look at the temperature ", "had a warming this year but we're also about the don't know cooling and lending it kicks in and this is. This is instantly got a look at overall -- the medieval warm pain is ", "global warming  climate change . Here in Alaska the effects of  climate change  more so than the reason for  climate change  whether it's warming in the  cooling  trends regardless no effect on  climate change . You favored ", "Man's activities certainly can be contributing to the issue of global warming climate change . Here in Alaska the only Arctic state in our union of course we see the effects of climate change more so than any other area with ice pack melting. Regardless though the reason for climate change whether it's entirely whole week. -- finance activities or as part of the cyclical nature of our planet. The warming in the cooling trends regardless of that John McCain and I agree. It would do something about it and we have to make sure that "]