["species on the line, Cincinnati Zoo  scientists  are hoping to mate their lone female the Sumatran species descended from  Ice Age  woolly rhinos is one of the most Before then, Roth and the other  scientists  will have measured Harapan's testosterone ", "species on the line, Cincinnati Zoo  scientists  are hoping to mate their lone female the Sumatran species descended from  Ice Age  woolly rhinos is one of the most Before then, Roth and the other  scientists  will have measured Harapan's testosterone ", 'level of  carbon dioxide  according effects for the  climate . "This increase in  carbon dioxide  from the What worries  scientists  in 2013 is Today\'s rate of  carbon dioxide  increase occurred when  the last ice age  ended, NOAA melting  glaciers , higher ', 'of kilometers, German  scientists  are preparing three-dimensional tip of the iceberg.  Scientists  are still completely rose dramatically after  the last ice age , about 10,000 years system, for example,  scientists  stumbled upon both the ', "world's  climate scientists  since then World's  Climate scientists  report that had ended  the last Ice Age  some ten the great  ice - sheets  back into world's  climate scientists : The Industrial land based  glaciers  and from ", 'minds and beliefs of top  scientists  east and west of the Atlantic Thomas Jefferson, and  scientists  around the world to recast weigh 10 pound(s)."  Scientists  say during and since the most recent  Ice Age , which ended about 10 ', 'Siberia with Alaska during  the last Ice Age , moved down into the have been covered with  glaciers  were in fact ice free waters from melting  glaciers . A nice little village tamer during the end of  the last ice age . Or maybe not. At ', 'alongside very small bones." Horgen says the mammoth is at least 12,000 years old, and was extinct by the end of  the last ice age . Horgen also noted that the mammoth\'s discovery is not uncommon in Iowa, and that the museum has a working record ', "Climate  Canard No. 1: A 'Crime Against Humanity' (and the Central Fear About Global Warming)", 'statement that " climate  is always be causing  climate  swings called " interglacials ." We have interglacial since  the last Ice Age  ended about These regular  Ice Age  cycles are long known by  scientists  to be triggered the sun.  Climate  change deniers ', '2010 by local people;  scientists  have come from around likely do. Instead,  scientists  say they found that someone Fisher and other  scientists  had joined with a French-based trying to reconstruct of  the last ice age ," said Bernard Buigues ', "before writing, before  the last Ice Age . And while it's not itself is that old,  scientists  in Russia say they regenerated 300 years. The Russian  scientists  were able to grow it does it matter? The  scientists  say the world's permafrost ", 'the one side are the  scientists , lobby groups and commentators a "consensus" among  climate  researchers. But for sun\'s effect on the  climate  as "low" to "very believed to have caused  the  " Little Ice Age " in the Middle Ages ', 'fast. When  scientists  remove just one. Polar  ice sheets  are melting so fast  scientists  say rising mountain  glaciers  are already Too say  scientists  to prevent ago after  the last ice age  and has relied relatively stable  climate . Climatologists ', 'food. Destabilizing. Governments. Civilization only began eight or 9000 years ago after the last ice age and has relied on a relatively stable climate . Climatologists say temperature rise could flatten out in about 2050 avoiding the worst catastrophe at least. If humanity starts lowering emissions sharply ', 'show the  climate  would be one. Polar  ice sheets  are melting so fast  scientists  say rising mountain  glaciers  are already Too say  scientists  to prevent ago after  the last ice age  and has relied relatively stable  climate . Climatologists ', 'food. Destabilizing. Governments. Civilization only began eight or 9000 years ago after the last ice age and has relied on a relatively stable climate . Climatologists say temperature rise could flatten out in about 2050 avoiding the worst catastrophe at least. If humanity starts lowering emissions sharply ', 'Second  glaciers  and mountains faster than  scientists  expected does called  ice sheets  up to two over from  the last ice age . One covers stable but  scientists  are looking ice that  scientists  now report ', "it will not raise the water level authority in the water. Second glaciers and mountains around the world even on the equator. They're melting far faster than scientists expected but don't add that much water to sea level rise. The third kind device does called ice sheets up to two miles thick thousands of miles across. Earth has three left over from the last ice age . One covers Greenland in the warming north it's already sliding more quickly into the -- To cover Antarctica in the south. Divided by a mountain range the east Antarctic ice sheet by far the biggest with some 200 feet of sea level rise locked up -- -- size. Is thought probably stable but scientists are looking hard at that. It's a smaller but still vast west Antarctic ice sheet sixteen feet of sea level rise in its ice that scientists now report is warming up. Parts of that sliding more than 80% faster into the sea and only fifteen years ago. This means that the UN's recent estimate of up to about a half a metre sea level rise this century is now out of date. And that many more experts are now seriously considering the possibility. Of up to two meters of sea level rise within the lifetime of today's children. Scientists also report that most of west Antarctica melt water won't raise sea level in the southern oceans. As the massive gravity of ", 'Second  glaciers  and mountains faster than  scientists  expected does called  ice sheets  up to two over from  the last ice age . One covers stable but  scientists  are looking ice that  scientists  now report ', "it will not raise the water level authority in the water. Second glaciers and mountains around the world even on the equator. There melting far faster than scientists expected but don't add that much water to sea level rise. The third kind device does called ice sheets up to two miles thick thousands of miles across. Earth has three left over from the last ice age . One covers Greenland in the warming north it's already sliding more quickly into the city. To cover Antarctica in the south. Divided by a mountain range the east Antarctic ice sheet by far the biggest with some 200 feet of sea level rise locked up in the size. Is thought probably stable but scientists are looking hard at that. It's a smaller but still vast west Antarctic ice sheet sixteen feet of sea level rise in its ice that scientists now report is warming up. Parts of -- -- more than 80% faster into the sea and only fifteen years ago. This means that the UN's recent estimate of up to about a half a meter sea level rise this century is now out of date. And that many more experts are now seriously considering the possibility. Of up to two meters of sea level rise was in the lifetime of today's children. Scientists also report that most of west Antarctica melt water won't raise sea level in the southern oceans. As the massive gravity of ", "term global  climate  disruption worries some  scientists  have about Who study the  climate  of the Earth's Just when  the last ice age  warmed up for trigger Earth's  climate  back into another to adjust.  Scientists  don't know ", "The diary of our planet. Scientists around the world are now working to replace the term global warming with the term global climate disruption so what does that mean. Here's our bill Blakemore with his latest nature's -- notebook. One way to get a sense of one of the more extreme worries some scientists have about man made global warming. Is to think about the difference between say New York's Central Park here and Steven Spielberg Jurassic Park. In which science fiction gave us a glimpse of what earth was like back in the Jurassic age a 175. Million years ago. During one of Earth's greenhouse period. Let me explain with the help of a few shirt cardboard then my felt -- here. -- -- climatologists. Who study the climate of the Earth's deep past tell us that earth formed about four and a half billion years ago. Has alternated between these -- greenhouse periods. When there's little or no snow or ice on the planet. Here's the Jurassic age over here was -- dinosaurs and these much colder ice house periods and if you zoom in -- -- this current ice house period. You can see that it's been composed. Of a number of ice ages -- warm periods in between in fact here is the beginning of civilization. Just when the last ice age warmed up for a bit about 101000 years ago. Humans on the got started a few ice ages ago over here. The ", 'Fifteen years has been  climate  changes and the changing years ago at the end of  the last ice age  and at the beginning. But period of very stable  climate . During which all of our significant impact on the global  climate  and on ecosystems worldwide ', 'it the began just over 101000 years ago at the end of the last ice age and at the beginning. But period of very stable climate . During which all of our human civilization our agriculture all our technology and arts and sciences heavy vault. The answer -- seen a term -- signed a Sony made up a few years ago is a period of time the begins around the year 18100. When humanity with its growing population and the burning of fossil fuels in great amounts. Began to have a significant impact on the global climate and on ecosystems worldwide. And the -- curve as the graph which was started this modern form about fifty years ago by ', 'still a tiny number of  scientists  who agree with that anything about a warming  climate  most  scientists  however strongly disagree years ago just after  the last ice age  but he global temperature depended on the stable  climate . But temperatures ', "problem we must wrestle with. Griffin said it's arrogant to assume today's climate is the best climate for humans NASA's top climate scientist is. Outrage I was shocked I almost fell off my chair because it's a statement which indicates an ignorance of what has been learned over the last few decades. Primarily from NASA observations many scientists were incensed. I think the administrator order resign I don't see how we can be an effective leader of a science agency. If he doesn't understand the threat. There are still a tiny number of scientists who agree with -- that humanity doesn't necessarily need to do anything about a warming climate most scientists however strongly disagree. Here's why. Look at this graph of global temperature they say civilization started here about 7000 years ago just after the last ice age but he global temperature leveled off. Agriculture has always depended on the stable climate . But temperatures are now on track to shoot way above what civilization has ever known even the president distanced himself from Griffin "]