["area of larger than the state of Just last week. A  heat wave  in Alaska shot temperatures into the ninety's. And carbon emissions that's that he says well. Combat  global warming  up reduce climate change and welcome news for environmentalists ", "area of larger than the state of -- Just last week. A heat wave in Alaska shot temperatures into the ninety's. And we know that the cost of these. Events can be measured in lost lives. ", 'joining us. A scorching  heat wave  on the East Coast is support their Cuomo  global warming  arguments in the debate today we ask you is  global warming  real. As always we Club. He believes that  global warming  is real and has been ', "Nightline Twitter cast I'm Andrea canning thanks for joining us. A scorching heat wave on the East Coast is intensifying the climate change debate. Temperatures in cities like new York and Washington -- topped a record ", 'that say expect  global warming  pollution developed act which would  global warming  pollution would produce a bit  global warming  levels worldwide the altar of  global warming  humiliated embarrassed subject. 11 wrote  heat wave  in New York City ', "and left John Kerry and Joseph Lieberman standing at the altar of global warming humiliated embarrassed. Lindsey Graham has been -- and get the memo on that does not yeah. Other related industries the -- I don't know if you read the newspaper you know that. Gentlemen let's go to -- -- tweets were -- a lot of tweets on the red object obviously. A controversial subject. 11 wrote heat wave in New York City is brutal I'm beginning to rethink my position on global warming warming and other wrote interesting that none of the global warming deny -- -- chuckling. During this past winter are laughing in this heat wave . And we had a regular. In -- I was on MSNBC with mark back in January where he was citing. -- huge winter storms as evidence that there was -- -- -- -- What do wagons at the transcript that said they were meaningless -- that I was having -- the -- with a one taking them seriously you and Al Gore were claiming they are proof that global warming Al Gore didn't mention. Record cold in -- in his 2006 film and that potential consequence of global warming they mention it. After the fact all -- that fits into their blaming the rise of prostitution and Africa on global warming . They're blaming. A whole host of a certain issues -- man -- global warming . We are at the point now where anything that happens can be blamed on global warming it's that flag is the phrase climate astrology Al Gore. In the -- live forget Al Gore going back to George. Archuleta by bush are now going back to George W Bush's -- -- that was just released last year great -- Scientists joins -- yes well -- he oversaw the researchers under his administration that it was done. They found that an increase in precipitation. In heavy rainfall is what one could expect a -- global warming beginning mid Atlantic and northeast league. Expect -- by the way the now. National academy of science took six million dollars nearly ", 'bay scientist who has sounded an alarm before on  global warming . But a report tonight. James stanton is known as individual events including the between and 2010  european heat wave  and the drought in oklahoma and texas last year ', 'a new report bay scientist who has sounded an alarm before on global warming But a report tonight. James stanton is known as the godfather of global warning. But the new report links individual events including the between and 2010 european heat wave and the drought in oklahoma and texas last year, to climate change. He is a say is saying now we are living ', "his administration even that the  global warming  was real. Why would people do W. Bush have all agreed that  global warming  is real. If there's a 99 believe and hot houses the man made  global warming  science is winning in the end ", "Bush who didn't -- the end of his administration even that the global warming was real. Why would people do this how can -- be such a grand conspiracy. Involved in so many scientists. Look at the scientists in the US. Thirty scientists thirty National Academy of Sciences and including our -- under George W. Bush have all agreed that global warming is real. If there's a 99%. Chance of human cost and we need to -- -- -- -- A number pulled out ", "the public more people believe and hot -- houses the man made global warming science is winning in the end there gentlemen we've got about a couple minutes left about one minute each to give us your final thoughts. Is global warming real. The -- -- to go first. Go for it. Banks well first I want to thank you for having me. Here's what's important S senator Lindsey Graham a conservative senator from South Carolina has -- That that every day we spent arguing about whether global warming is real as another -- Chinese and the Germans are investing in the clean energy technologies of the future. What we need to do is we need clean energy reform passed by the senate that will invest in. Using less foreign oil. Making cars -- for that a gallon gas. Reducing global warming pollution from power plants and motor vehicles and investing in solar and wind power that's the future that's -- other countries are ", 'now telling its citizens -- -- about an hour early to prevent global warming Nancy Pelosi saying we need to complete inventory and every aspect of our lives. The UN chief is saying we -- no ', "The relentless heat shattering records this evening. The death toll now stands at more than 100 lives lost take a look at this tonight that massive dome of heat and humidity across eighteen states. In fact in Dallas it is the 34 straight day of highs over 100. Tonight they're so concerned there", "Here we are and in the Italian outs now. There may be some snow at the top of the mountains there certainly isn't enough for people to on this resort is operating at just 25%. And it's like that almost everywhere around Europe. And Spain ski resorts have closed and major world races of hot to be", "everyone asking this week. Is this mid winter  heat wave  the result of  global warming . Well yes the scientists say it's a there a connection between this January  heat wave  and man made  global warming . Well yes say the scientists in this way ", "-- the big question everyone asking this week. Is this mid winter heat wave the result of global warming . Well yes the scientists say it's a little confusing when you ask it just exactly like that but that the answer. Is really pretty simple. Is there a connection between this January heat wave and man made global warming . Well yes say the scientists in this way. It fits exactly the pattern long predicted for man made global warming of more and more frequent unseasonable warm spell. Yes there were freak weather events like this in the past even before the ", "this week this summer is what  global warming  looks like. But the most important its during the heat belief in  global warming  goes up surprise surprise in elections to be decided if we.  Heat wave  in November of this kind it'll ", "free I don't think that this elections to be decided if we. Heat wave in November of this kind it'll be a part of out of that normally you have right now this time -- it's ", 'nearly $2. This year is very emblematic about the things we worry about. Reporter: The studies that monitor  global warming  say farmers and consumers bet earl get used to tougher growing conditions and higher prices. The new normal for agriculture ', 'emblematic about the things we worry about. Reporter: The studies that monitor global warming say farmers and consumers bet earl get used to tougher growing conditions and higher prices. The new normal for agriculture is going ', "official day at spring but it seems for so many that we have. Lowered this summer so it begs the question is this  global warming . We can't answer that in one week but we didn't even touch with and they assure us that this unprecedented heat ", "have. Lowered -- this summer so it begs the question is this global warming . We can't answer that in one week but we didn't even touch with -- and they assure us that this unprecedented heat. ", 'the webcast connected  global warming  to heavy rains and flooding the current California  heat wave . They has been breaking scientists say it may be  global warming . But they say it could anything else. This  heat wave  is expected to continue ', "out yesterday bill Blakemore. Reported on it here on the webcast connected global warming to heavy rains and flooding like we've seen in the midwest the last two weeks. The government scientists also say that as humans warm the atmosphere we can expect more droughts and wildfires. In the southwestern states. ABC's Brian Rooney reports on the current California heat wave . They -- has been breaking records all week. And possibly again today into the triple digits it's the longest day of the ", "of heat waves his growing longer. Some scientists say it may be global warming . But they say it could also be the growth of population. Which creates islands of heat in cities and cultivated farmland. I'm hoping -- doesn't get continuing this time. Don't -- that's our life it's better than flooding or anything else. This heat wave is expected to continue at least through tomorrow. Brian Rooney ABC news Los Angeles. ", 'ask you. Is  global warming  real. As always and man made  global warming . How convenient are proof of  global warming . And I throws less about the  global warming  issue that I heat waves the  heat wave  in in Europe ', "climate deep news and information center. For -- I should say against global warming it's about environment and energy news. Mr. Murano formerly worked for the senate environment and public works committee and was an aide to senator James and half of Oklahoma. He believes there's no such thing as global warming and refers to it has climate astrology. Mr. -- joins us live from the ABC news bureau in Washington DC welcome. Also with us today Daniel Weiss senior fellow and director of climate strategy for the Center for American Progress. Mr. -- was the director of the environmental quality program at the Sierra club for sixteen years. He believes that the recent spate of snow storms is evidence that global warming are we should say climate change is a real issue. Mr. -- also joins us live from the ABC news Washington DC bureau thanks to both of you. We've got -- me. We have got a lot of tweets coming in on this so let's just first say on the face of it -- -- this looks like global cooling doesn't. No it doesn't -- in fact. This is consistent. We -- predictions that scientists have made about what global warming future will look like. Remember there's a difference between weather and climate. And that one of the -- -- scientists have told us is that -- warming weather and warming oceans we'll have more moisture in the air. As long as we have more moisture in the area it's below 32 degrees we're gonna get snow now no one is saying that this snowstorm or any other single of that. He's proof of global warming . But this heavy snows is very consistent with the US global climate research program. Put together by President Bush. That said predicted for the northeast a dramatic increase in heavy precipitation events over the coming years under global warming so it's very consistently that. It's not proof of anything but it's consistent with what scientists tell us is. Going to occur. As part of global warming . Mark do you argue with argue argue against the science well not a mark against Daniel -- in the senate to make progress it's just silly what he's claiming he's basically saying. Anything that happens basically could say is consistent with the global warming predictions. Whether its record called we -- the BBC blaming record holder in Peru and man made global warming . How convenient that record lizards are are proof of global warming . And I -- throws in the disclaimer and He throws in President -- -- bush was this great scientists that we should all respect. Bush could have cared less about the global warming issue that I find it funny that he's now our source of authority the bottom line this is -- from an el Nino these things happen. And if for anyone either on either side this debate the claim the blizzard that proof of anything what they -- Is that mother nature of a sense a humor because Al Gore the New York Times a lot of other media publications throughout the years have used anecdotal evidence. Bob warm Summers that heat waves the heat wave in in Europe and France in 2003. Was used ad nauseam as proof of global warming and in this scare people but suddenly -- get record holder you get a record snow while that's also -- -- global warming . It's the way to let -- What -- name change has -- name change. ", 'Virginia. Even for folks used to hot Summers these  heat wave  is scorcher. on another level I think any. And there meteorologists say this week searing heat has little to do with  global warming  the good old August way. Eric ABC news. Chicago ', 'North Carolina to Virginia. Even for folks used to hot Summers these heat wave is -- scorcher. -- -- on another level I think any. And there. Parts of the south and midwest are once again ', "are emerging due to  global warming  many many of these diseases here for example the  heat wave  of 2003. Caused an that don't believe in  global warming  I don't think there's cycle. Show between the  global warming . And the insurgents ", "heat waves. There been direct health impacts in here for example the heat wave of 2003. Caused an extract 27000. Deaths. But they're also indirect effects because when temperatures warm. It changes the life history at ", 'over its handling of a staggering  heat wave  that is killed perhaps thousands Europe has also been struck by the  heat wave  but no other country has reported countries suffering through this same  heat wave  why is the death toll so much higher ', 'France is on the defensive tonight over its handling of a staggering heat wave that is killed perhaps thousands of its citizens many of them elderly. Government estimates put the death toll at 16100. To 3000. ', "After all the rest of Europe has also been struck by the heat wave but no other country has reported such high mortality rates. David Wright ABC news Paris. Temperatures in August have hit 108 degrees Fahrenheit in Paris 100 degrees in London and Madrid and 99 in Rome. With many countries suffering through this same heat wave why is the death toll so much higher in France. We asked ABC's Richard Gizbert to find out. The longer that Europe ", "tornadoes and as wells wildfires to. The more difficult question to answer is why but climatologists say it's clear  global warming  is beginning to show itself in plain One of the things we expect with the warmer planet is more extreme heat events ", "more difficult question to answer is why but climatologists say it's clear global warming is beginning to show itself in plain -- One of the things we expect with the warmer planet is more extreme heat ", "they're taking advantage cycle back people air conditioning more than the air conditioning contributes to  global warming  and then  global warming  makes it hotter and vice Versa is not what goes on. Really I thought it was Florida who Oh yeah recognition ", 'back people -- air conditioning more than the air conditioning contributes to global warming and then -- global warming makes it hotter and vice Versa is not what goes on. Really I thought it was -- Florida who -- Oh yeah ', "sixty and Atlanta seventy degrees I'm for  global warming  at this point. But is this  global warming . No climate whenever say this particular wearing T shirts in December. Is linked to  global warming  instead a high pressure system off the East ", "hit 56 degrees DC sixty and Atlanta seventy degrees I'm -- for global warming at this point. But is this global warming . No climate -- -- whenever say this particular week that we are wearing T shirts in December. Is linked to global warming instead a high pressure system off the East Coast is bringing warm air into the -- And a jet stream flowing and "]