['Now, with foreclosures still rising, calls for a broader government and industry response are coming from community groups, consumer advocates, members of Congress and, most recently, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke. ', 'Fresh evidence of the deteriorating outlook came Thursday in a report showing that mortgage delinquencies - homeowners who are falling behind on their payments - rose to the highest levels in 23 years in the last three months of 2007. Borrowers who are delinquent for more than 30 days risk falling into default, which is the earliest state of the foreclosure process.', 'Home foreclosures soared to an all-time high in the final quarter of last year, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association. ', "Falling home prices have also added to the squeeze on borrowers, many of whom are seeing the value of their home dropping below the amount they owe. The latest Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller index showed U.S. home prices plunging 8.9 percent in the final quarter of 2007. As a result, Americans' percentage of equity in their homes has fallen below 50 percent for the first time on record since 1945, the Federal Reserve said Thursday. That marks the first time homeowners' debt on their houses exceeds their equity since the Fed started tracking the data in 1945.", "Economists expect this figure to drop even further as declining home prices eat into the value of most Americans' single largest asset.", 'Moody\'s Economy.com estimates that 8.8 million homeowners, or about 10.3 percent of homes, will have zero or negative equity by the end of the month. Even more disturbing, about 13.8 million households, or 15.9 percent, will be "upside down" if prices fall 20 percent from their peak.', 'On Monday, Bernanke told a group of community bankers that some 1.5 million subprime mortgages are scheduled to reset from just above 8 percent to about 9.25 percent, raising the average monthly payment by about 10 percent, to $1,500. Conventional 30-year fixed rates are currently at about 6 percent.', 'But the rising volume of calls fielded by Hope Now staffers has meant that some homeowners may not be getting the in-depth counseling they need to consider all of their options, according to Susan Keating, CEO of the National Foundation for Credit Counseling .', 'But if the total amount of loans outstanding is greater than the value of the house, the first mortgage is paid off first when the home is sold, often leaving the holder of the second mortgage with nothing. So many second mortgage holders figure they have nothing to lose by rejecting modifications and hoping the homeowner figures out how to make their payments long enough for housing prices to recover.', 'The total value of equity also fell for the third straight quarter to $9.65 trillion from a downwardly revised $9.93 trillion in the third quarter.', "Home equity, which is equal to the percentage of a home's market value minus mortgage-related debt, has steadily decreased even as home prices jumped earlier this decade due to a surge in cash-out refinances, home equity loans and lines of credit and an increase in 100 percent or more home financing.", "The most recent came from Bernanke who offered the banker's group tough medicine: He asked them to forgive some of the principal on loans in which homeowners have little or no equity. "]