['Bair, one of the early proponents of freezing rates, said more than 80 percent of subprime adjustable-rate loans are current.', 'One of the biggest problems is that many homeowners at risk of default qualified for loans during the easy-lending boom when underwriting standards were much more lenient. Those who got their original loan without providing proof of income will now have to do so when they ask for new loan terms. Many of them may not qualify.', 'The Treasury-backed "Hope Now" program aims to speed the process by identifying the most viable borrowers and encouraging lenders and servicers to help them arrange new loans. But some have argued that the plan doesn\'t go far enough. For one thing, the guidelines are voluntary.', 'Critics of bankruptcy reform say the change could have a chilling effect on new lending, because lenders could no longer count on original loan terms surviving a bankruptcy challenge.', 'A lot depends on whether the housing recession deepens and spreads to the wider economy. If the situation worsens, the prospects for changing the bankruptcy law improves, according to Jaret Seiberg, an analyst at Stanford Research in Washington who is following the progress of mortgage reform proposals on Capitol Hill. ', 'One piece of the debate centers on guidelines for mortgages insured by the Federal Housing Administration, which has much stricter underwriting standards than used by many lenders during the height of the boom.', 'Now that investor funding for subprime loans has dried up, Congress is looking at making it easier to underwrite FHA loans. Opponents of loosening FHA guidelines warn that it could simply introduce more risk to government-backed loans. But with other borrowing options limited, reform proponents have argued that FHA guidelines have to be broadened.', 'But the idea of using taxpayer dollars to head off foreclosures still faces opposition. Many taxpayers who believe they acted responsibly are loathe to see their money used to help borrowers who are in trouble, based on mail received by msnbc.com.']