["A.J . Burnett , Marte's clutch triple help Pirates salvage series finale with 6-2 win over Reds", "Clint Hurdle decided to keep A.J. Burnett pitching on his regular day so he didn't miss the showdown with the Cincinnati Reds.The Pittsburgh Pirates had a day off Th...", 'Done deal: New York Yankees trade RHP A.J . Burnett  to Pittsburgh Pirates for 2 minor leaguers', "A.J. Burnett's rocky tenure in pinstripes is over.The Yankees and Pirates completed a trade Sunday that sends the much-maligned pitcher to Pittsburgh for a pair of m...", "A.J. Burnett walked in a pair of runs in Philadelphia's four-run second inning Monday as the Phillies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-0 Monday.Burnett lasted just 1 1-...", 'A.J . Burnett  has best outing in months, leads Yankees to 6-2 win over stumbling Red Sox', 'A.J. Burnett has made things difficult for his manager all season. This time, he was happy to do it.Burnett had his most impressive start in three months and Jorge P...', 'Boston (Dempster 4-6) en Baltimore (Tillman 6-2), 7:05 p.m.Kansas City (Mendoza 1-3) en Tampa Bay (M.Moore 8-2), 7:10 p.m.Toronto (Buehrle 2-4) en Texas (Grimm 5-4),...', "Pirates pitcher Charlie Morton will make his return to the mound on Thursday, tabbed as the starter in Pittsburgh's series finale with San Francisco after the club a...", 'Matt Cain pitched 6 2/3 scoreless frames and Hunter Pence hit a three-run homer as the San Francisco Giants crushed the Pittsburgh Pirates, 10-0, to salvage a win in...', 'The Los Angeles Dodgers have captured six consecutive series from the Pittsburgh Pirates, but that streak could come to an end Saturday in the second of three straig...', 'The Pittsburgh Pirates have selected the contract of pitcher Brandon Cumpton from Triple-A Indianapolis.Cumpton is scheduled to make his MLB debut Saturday against t...', 'Los Piratas, con la mejor foja en las mayores, no quieren dormirse en sus laureles', 'A.J . Burnett  is scratched from start, but A-Rod back in lineup for Yanks against Red Sox.', 'A.J. Burnett was forced to miss a start Sunday because of a bad back. Alex Rodriguez would not let a freak injury cause him to miss another game against the Boston R...', "Yankees pitcher A.J. Burnett was suspended for six games Thursday for throwing high-and-tight to Texas' Nelson Cruz earlier this week.Burnett appealed the penalty, w...", 'NUEVA YORK - Los Yankees decidieron el viernes transferir al lanzador A.J. Burnett a los Pirates a cambio de dos jugadores venezolanos de ligas menores, en un acuerd...', 'Brian McCann, Jason Heyward y Freddie Freeman conectaron cada uno jonrones de dos carreras para que Kris Medlen y los Bravos de Atlanta se impusieran el lunes 7-2 a ...']