['Texas Democrats vowed to fight one of the most restrictive abortion bills in the nation passed by the state legislature late Friday in front of more than 2,000 protesters.', '"There will be a lawsuit. I promise you," Dallas Sen. Royce West said on the Senate floor, raising his right hand as if taking an oath.', 'Democrats offered 20 amendments to the bill, which will ban abortions after 20 weeks, require abortion doctors to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital and require all abortions to take place in surgical centers. They ranged from exceptions for rape and incest to allowing doctors more leeway in prescribing abortion-inducing drugs. But Republicans would have none of it.', 'The Republican majority passed the bill unchanged just before midnight with all but one Democrat voting against it.', 'The bill has sparked protests across Texas with thousands of abortion rights supporters flooding the Capitol to draw out committee hearings and disrupting key votes. Protesters finished a filibuster started by Democratic Sen. Wendy Davis of Fort Worth by jeering for the last 15 minutes of the first special session, effectively killing the bill.', 'Four women who tried to chain themselves to a railing in the gallery were arrested. One woman was successful in chaining herself, prompting a 10-minute recess.', 'When debate resumed, protesters began loudly singing, "Give choice a chance." The Senate\'s leader, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, told officers to remove them.', 'Outside the chamber, the crowd grew so loud that troopers were being issued orange earplugs. Protesters were shouting, "Shame! Shame! Shame!" as senators gave their closing statements.', 'State troopers reported confiscating "significant quantities" of tampons and feminine pads from protesters before they were allowed in, according to MyFoxDFW.com. Bottles of suspected urine, feces and paint were also confiscated.', 'Democrats pointed out that childbirth is more dangers than an abortion and there have been no serious problems with women taking abortion drugs at home.', 'July 12, 2013: Sen. Wendy Davis, D-FortWorth, center, talks to supporters, using a megaphone outside the Texas Capitol after the Texas Senate passed an abortion bill in Austin, Texas.', "\t  \t\tDHS pick denies allegations of helping Clinton's brother, as GOP boycotts hearing "]