["more than 4500. Miles of  Brazil 's coast line. No stretch in recent years here in  Rio . The here and you event if you find yourself in  Rio  anytime soon says to remember morning. Reporting from  Rio de Janeiro  and Jack for future.", "Of the more than 4500. Miles of Brazil's coast line. No stretch of -- is more famous than he'd -- the -- This stunning mountain -- date is immortalized in ", "We're here  Rio de Janeiro  along with millions of young Catholics who have come from all over the world. For world youth day and to catch a glimpse of hope ", "We're here -- -- Rio de Janeiro along with millions of young Catholics who have come from all over the world. For world youth day and to catch a ", "pope's historic visit to  brazil . And this morning, the to pack on to a beach in  rio  today for mass. Also today Abc's alex marquardt is in  rio  with the latest. Good morning take place right here on  brazil 's famous copacabana beach ", "now. Good morning, everyone. We begin with the pope's historic visit to brazil . And this morning, the biggest security concern yet. Up to 1 million people are expected to pack on to a beach in rio today for mass. Also today, the pope visits a slum that's been regarded as one of the most dangerous in latin america. Abc's alex marquardt is in rio with the latest. Good morning, alex. Reporter: That's right. That prayer service due to take place right here on brazil's famous copacabana beach. But before then, he is going to visit that slum which has been known for its deadly violence and ", "now back at  Rio de Janeiro  I'm Karen I'm not in  Brazil  I'm in being in  Brazil  because here places in  Rio .  Rio de Janeiro  hugs the marvelous city.  Brazilians  have always issue. On  Brazil  earlier this kind of the  Brazilian  version of ", "hard to really see for first time visitors but some of the Brazil's best designers. Operational room style boutiques in converted residential buildings very discreet. The most famous being the argument of building which is. ", 'elementary school in the midst of a Rampage a former student in  Brazil  opened fire Thursday killing twelve children learning more for their lives outside a classroom in of course suburb of  Rio  Janeiro. One student here holding his blood and shoulder ', "elementary school in the midst of a Rampage a former student in Brazil opened fire Thursday killing twelve children -- learning more about the shooter as we see the terrifying events unfold. Here's Mike -- SARS. Cameras in -- hallway capture the horror student running for their lives outside a classroom in of course suburb of Rio -- Janeiro. One student here holding his blood and shoulder as He runs from class others you -- barely crawling out in ", 'are asking does that fit him at risk. Alex marquardt in  brazil  for us. Reporter: Today the pope who prized himself on open jeep, no bulletproof pope mobile for him. Here in  brazil  that openness is causing security jitters, along with moments ', 'many are asking does that fit him at risk. Alex marquardt in brazil for us. Reporter: Today the pope who prized himself on being a man of the people was right there among them. Reaching out, hugging and kissing. Unlike predecessors, pope francis is using an open jeep, no bulletproof pope mobile for him. Here in brazil that openness is causing security jitters, along with moments like this one when that wrong turn led to adoring supporters mobbing his ', "flops have that  Brazilian  beach feel when as time passed  Brazil 's beach culture children of the  Brazil . An instrument honest is still  Brazil  issue not  Brazil 's in leaked shoes the beaches of  Rio  and the international ", "-- don't follow. Customers routinely see that the flip flops have that Brazilian beach feel when you flip the flip -- -- -- -- -- -- that Ukraine real. Walk through they can and that beats -- the bigger -- and a story is how the company started. Back in 1962. Coming in -- started with a humble goal. To produce flip flops for person's pork as time passed Brazil's beach culture started to embrace -- honest because of their comfort and their after ability. But he nearly 1990s. -- started to ", "countries around the world. It's very important for children of the -- Brazil . An instrument of us does not -- thing for opinions doesn't Christmas despite. Success of reaching a more punch market Portillo was quick to say that having honest is still Brazil issue not Brazil's in leaked shoes. -- that ideology is reflected in its prices. The average -- costs around 26 hey guys for fifteen dollars making them affordable for every one. From the beaches of Rio and the international runways of Paris one thing remains certain. Wherever you when your holly on -- scope. Brazil will be there with you. Reporting from south -- Jack Healy for future. ", "about some of the things that he's That have revealed on unknown details about US cooperation Germany US cooperation with  Brazilian  intelligence and so there's still a lot going on. In terms of what he's leaking and Julian Assange told George Stephanopoulos ", "revealed on unknown details about US cooperation -- Germany US cooperation with Brazilian intelligence and so there's still a lot going on. In terms of what he's leaking and Julian Assange told George Stephanopoulos a ", "under ABC's agent on Saturday morning. And it turns honest elections. On the middle of not. Get all the we did about the  Brazilian  airlines and not last but not least. And this is what or Japanese on top of the Hutton on how we finish up the green onion ", 'middle of not. Get all the -- we did -- about the Brazilian airlines and not last but not least. And this is what -- or -- -- -- -- Japanese -- on top of ', "just don't like all of them together original and you ABC's agent on Saturday morning. Get all the we did hear about the  Brazilian  and not last but not least. And this is what or associates based Japanese rightists on top of the Hutton on how we finish ", '-- -- -- Get all the -- we did hear about the Brazilian -- and not last but not least. And this is what -- or associates based -- Japanese rightists on top of the ', "Victor known as the media is one of  Brazil 's most prominent Roberts some have even called the  Brazilian  aggressive in his public that the Anything that was born in these neighborhoods north and follow. He didn't didn't he'd ", "-- -- Victor known as the media is one of Brazil's most prominent Roberts some have even called -- the Brazilian -- -- -- aggressive in his public that the -- -- -- Anything that was born in these neighborhoods north and -- ", "left the crash site after speaking with police traffic jam. Imagine having the honor of driving the around on a trip to  Brazil . And now imagine making won't turn in front of thousands of followers and fans what happens. Exactly what you'd expect ", "having the honor of driving the -- around on a trip to Brazil . And now imagine making -- won't turn in front of thousands of followers and fans what happens. Exactly what you'd expect his ", "the crash site after speaking with police traffic jam. Imagine having the honor of driving the Pope around on a trip to  Brazil . And now imagine making a won't turn in front of thousands of followers and fans what happens. Exactly what you'd ", "having the honor of driving the Pope around on a trip to Brazil . And now imagine making a won't turn in front of thousands of followers and fans what happens. Exactly what you'd expect his ", "the city secretary of housing the reorganization process is necessary both for the residents of the populace and the city of  Rio . Moses thumbs up one. Must a possible advance. Live on minority youth Christmas when you've done to my husband and CA I ", "necessary both for the residents of the populace and the city of Rio . Moses thumbs up one. Must a -- -- possible advance. Live on minority youth Christmas when you've done to my husband and ", "reminiscent of a series of attacks in  Brazil 's biggest so polo in May. Organized members in slum areas. Authorities in  Rio  also linking the latest violence with overnight security is being stepped up in  Rio . As thousands of tourists for the city's ", "to hospital. The violence was reminiscent of a series of attacks in Brazil's biggest -- so polo in May. Organized by gang leaders from inside prisons at least 200 people died then. Including many in police reprisals against alleged gang members in slum areas. Authorities in Rio also linking the latest violence with recent police clamp downs on drug traffickers. Following the overnight -- -- security is being stepped up in Rio . As thousands of tourists -- for the city's world famous -- on New Year's celebrations. We as man says the Boston Bruins ", 'held against their will in  Brazil . The little girl went spending the past stock in  Brazil . Now a man with a similar whose son Sean was taken to  Brazil  by his mother spent five years fighting in  Brazilian  courts to get his son back ', 'in support of had. David Goldman whose son Sean was taken to Brazil by his mother spent five years fighting in Brazilian courts to get his son back. In 2009. He did. Our country our embassy. Our State Department should do whatever they can -- issue this mom and his daughter passports and get them on the next plane. Home today Goldman is critical of how Brazil handles these situations they seem to want to do their own things almost a sort of a rogue -- of of custody. ', 'remind you can hope is is on his way to  Brazil . His first trip overseas since his Jeep his security detail for a loop.  Brazilian  officials also stepped up security including Virginia one of was dangerous in  Brazil  and often referred to as the Gaza ', 'mobile for an open Jeep -- his security detail for a loop. Brazilian officials -- also stepped up security especially after weeks of protest and added 28000. Personnel for his seven day visit. Pope Francis will visit -- the -- including Virginia one of -- was dangerous in Brazil and often referred to as the Gaza Strip. -- -- -- -- -- ', 'says she is strapped in  brazil  because her ex-husband taking her daughter to  brazil  to see her father. Instead come back to the u.S.  Brazilian  officials confiscating a three-week trip to  brazil , with little ava. He ', "over a little girl. A massachusetts mom says she is strapped in brazil because her ex-husband is trying to use that country's laws to grab custody of their daughter. Abc's gio benitez is here with her story. Good morning, gio. Reporter: Good morning, lara. This mother thought she was taking her daughter to brazil to see her father. Instead, the three-week trip turned into an intense legal battle. Now, the mother says she and her little girl are being held against their will. This morning, shauna haddon and her 6-year-old daughter, ava, say they have no way to come back to the u.S. Brazilian officials confiscating their passports, after the father went to court. The drama started after memorial day. Haddon, who has full custody, was planning a three-week trip to brazil , with little ava. He hasn't seen her in four years. Reporter: When they arrived in brazil , haddon said her ex-husband went to court to get custody of ava. He was denied that, hadden says. But the judge said ", "tells abc news, that u.S. Officials have discussed the case with the brazilian foreign ministry to ensure mother and child get all legal protections they're entitled to. We've not been able to reach the child's ", 'girl, they are trapped in  brazil  tonight. Like so many hadden have been stuck in  brazil  for more than a month tickets to visit him in  brazil . But she says it was all took hadden to court and  brazilian  authorities came and confiscated ', 'of the american mother and her little girl, they are trapped in brazil tonight. Like so many high profile cases, this involves visitation. The little girl\'s father lives there. What suddenly happened that\'s keeping them there? Here\'s abc\'s gio benitez. Reporter:6-year-old ava and her mother shauna hadden have been stuck in brazil for more than a month. The mom, who has full custody of ava in massachusetts, says her ex-husband paid for their tickets to visit him in brazil . But she says it was all a trick. Within days of their arrival, he took hadden to court and brazilian authorities came and confiscated their american passports. Hadden says her ex is trying to keep ava in brazil . What are you supposed to get those passports back? I have no time frame. I HAVE NO IDEA. Reporter: Hadden is scared. She started a facebook campaign called "trapped in brazil ." I have no documents here, ultimately they could throw me in prison because I\'m undocumented in this country. So my thoughts are desperation and fear on a daily basis. Reporter: Now hadden\'s family here at home, and two members of congress, are fighting to get her and ava back to the u.S. In a similar case, david goldman spent five years fighting to get his son back from brazil where he was taken by his mother. He finally brought sean home in 2009 and is critical of brazil\'s handling of these cases. They seem to have their own rogue way of doing things, ignoring international custody laws. Reporter: He is ']