["36 year old Aberdeen is private. She was successes  Hillary Clinton 's right hand woman when she ran for president and relationship advice from longtime friend and former boss  Hillary Clinton  welcomed her underwear look up to my mom I I get advice ", "to describe 36 year old Aberdeen is private. She was -- successes Hillary Clinton's right hand woman when she ran for president and then again at the State Department. But this group interviewed during the 2008 ", "questions from a Senate panel about an investigation into his role in helping a company run by former  Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton 's brother secure a foreign investor visa. Ruemmler's letter is addressed to Sen. Thomas Carper ", "General's Office was looking at him as part of an investigation. The office is reportedly examining how a company run by  Hillary Clinton 's brother was able to secure a visa for investors, even after an application was denied and an appeal was rejected ", "behalf of a company run by  Hillary Clinton 's brother, Anthony Rodham Vice President Joe Biden and  Secretary of State  Clinton. The request included senator from Illinois over  Hillary Clinton  during the 2008 presidential ", 'place for someone whose reputation as a top aide to  Hillary Rodham Clinton  was based on an uncanny ability to navigate the woman\'s decision," she said. "You saw it with  Hillary Clinton . \'Oh, she\'s manipulative. She\'s power-hungry ', "from lawmakers Thursday about an investigation into his role in helping a company, run by former  Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton 's brother, to secure a foreign investor visa. Alejandro Mayorkas, who is director of U.S ", 'place for someone whose reputation as a top aide to  Hillary Rodham Clinton  was based on an uncanny ability to navigate the woman\'s decision," she said. "You saw it with  Hillary Clinton . \'Oh, she\'s manipulative. She\'s power-hungry ', "for allegedly intervening on behalf of a company run by  Hillary Clinton 's brother, Anthony Rodham, called Gulf Coast Management China, and was hosted by Vice President Joe Biden and  Secretary of State  Clinton. The request included photographs of Wang with ", "Her endorsement of the senator from Illinois over  Hillary Clinton  during the 2008 presidential campaign helped Obama 55-year-old was also considered a contender for  Hillary Clinton 's replacement as senator from New York at one point ", 'greater than it has ever been." The Clinton House Museum is a former home of Clinton and former  Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton . They two were married in the living room in October 1975 and lived in the home while teaching at ', 'and said he hoped the voters would give him another chance. Abedin, a longtime adviser to former  Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , reaffirmed her love and support for her husband and said the matter was "between us." On Wednesday ', "caught on the wrong side of their husband's infidelity. Abedin's longtime friend and boss former  Secretary of State Hillary Clinton  notoriously stood by former President Bill Clinton through a protracted and embarrassing impeachment proceeding ", 'by your man" moment, Huma Abedin, close aide to  Hillary Clinton  and wife of former Rep. Anthony Weiner, says she relationship advice from longtime friend and boss  Hillary Clinton , a woman who knows a thing or two about public scandal ', "person she is a close aide to  Hillary Clinton  she's very successful in doing she had to she has been  Hillary Clinton 's closest threw her senate her presidential campaign.  Secretary of state  she travel the world and in ", "know she's a very interesting person she is a close aide to Hillary Clinton she's very successful in her own right. Let's talk a little bit about -- -- herself. Well and that's why make no mistake that she knew exactly the implications of what it is that she was doing she had to she has been Hillary Clinton's closest -- threw her senate career her presidential campaign. Secretary of state she -- travel the world and in -- -- a new piece for Harper's bizarre that. She says that she had been ", 'time. The 67.  Secretary of state  of the United States of America  Hillary Rodham Clinton . Okay. Okay building as the  secretary of state  for years ago proud to have been  secretary of state . will miss you ', "now it's -- great honor to introduce one last time. The 67. Secretary of state of the United States of America Hillary Rodham Clinton . Okay. -- Okay. Thank you. Well it. Just standing here looking out at olive view that people I have been honored to ", "so long well now along time ago when he realized  Senator Clinton  But a friendly crowd we can expect here. I think they're just speeches they're just words that quote  Hillary Clinton  back in the campaign. There isn't a lot there ", "not so long -- well now along time ago when he realized Senator Clinton -- -- -- But a friendly crowd we can expect here. I think that's right in in it will feel campaign -- ", "bit about what the democratic field may look like 4016  Hillary Clinton  clearly the democratic front runner a lot of folks think you view her from you her time percent of their time as  secretary of state  on the issues that I I don't know very worked very closely ", "little bit about what the democratic field may look like -- 4016 Hillary Clinton clearly the democratic front runner a lot of folks think it's hers it if she wants it where we're do you view her from you her time percent of their time as secretary of state on the issues that -- -- -- -- I I don't know -- very -- worked very closely whether I think she's ", 'like to name her  secretary of state . Jake Tapper is and stunning that  Senator Hillary Clinton  with an uncharacteristically her serving as his  secretary of state  in Albany, New York today  Senator Hillary Clinton  spoke with the state ', "In the heat of the primary campaign last spring Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama -- rather bitterly over foreign policy. She went so far as to say He was naive and He never seriously considered her as a vice presidential choice. But now in an extraordinary step He has reportedly told her He would like to name her secretary of state . Jake Tapper is reporting from the White House tonight Jake. Good evening Charlie well it is a bold and stunning -- that Senator Hillary Clinton with an uncharacteristically low profile flew to Chicago yesterday. -- she surreptitiously went to the transition headquarters of president elect Obama and they held -- top secret meeting. About the prospect of her serving as his secretary of state in Albany, New York today Senator Hillary Clinton spoke with the state public transit industry conference. Where she was -- I'm very happy there is so much press attention and ", "36 year old Aberdeen is private. She was successes  Hillary Clinton 's right hand woman when she ran for president and relationship advice from longtime friend and former boss  Hillary Clinton  welcomed her underwear look up to my mom I I get advice ", "to describe 36 year old Aberdeen is private. She was -- successes Hillary Clinton's right hand woman when she ran for president and then again at the State Department. But this group interviewed during the 2008 ", "second chance upon his second chance. Helps to have a really forgiving wife. And a whole lot of therapy. This former  Hillary Clinton  is the latest in the long of long suffering political wise but why she's standing by M after another. And knowing ", "a really forgiving wife. And a whole lot of therapy. This former Hillary Clinton -- is the latest in the long -- of long suffering political wise but why she's standing by M after another. And "]