["New York mayoral candidate's wife publicly supports her husband as sexting scandal re-emerges.", 'time. The 67.  Secretary of state  of the United States of America  Hillary Rodham Clinton . Okay. Okay building as the  secretary of state  for years ago proud to have been  secretary of state . will miss you ', "now it's -- great honor to introduce one last time. The 67. Secretary of state of the United States of America Hillary Rodham Clinton . Okay. -- Okay. Thank you. Well it. Just standing here looking out at olive view that people I have been honored to ", "so long well now along time ago when he realized  Senator Clinton  But a friendly crowd we can expect here. I think they're just speeches they're just words that quote  Hillary Clinton  back in the campaign. There isn't a lot there ", "not so long -- well now along time ago when he realized Senator Clinton -- -- -- But a friendly crowd we can expect here. I think that's right in in it will feel campaign -- ", "bit about what the democratic field may look like 4016  Hillary Clinton  clearly the democratic front runner a lot of folks think you view her from you her time percent of their time as  secretary of state  on the issues that I I don't know very worked very closely ", "little bit about what the democratic field may look like -- 4016 Hillary Clinton clearly the democratic front runner a lot of folks think it's hers it if she wants it where we're do you view her from you her time percent of their time as secretary of state on the issues that -- -- -- -- I I don't know -- very -- worked very closely whether I think she's ", 'like to name her  secretary of state . Jake Tapper is and stunning that  Senator Hillary Clinton  with an uncharacteristically her serving as his  secretary of state  in Albany, New York today  Senator Hillary Clinton  spoke with the state ', "In the heat of the primary campaign last spring Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama -- rather bitterly over foreign policy. She went so far as to say He was naive and He never seriously considered her as a vice presidential choice. But now in an extraordinary step He has reportedly told her He would like to name her secretary of state . Jake Tapper is reporting from the White House tonight Jake. Good evening Charlie well it is a bold and stunning -- that Senator Hillary Clinton with an uncharacteristically low profile flew to Chicago yesterday. -- she surreptitiously went to the transition headquarters of president elect Obama and they held -- top secret meeting. About the prospect of her serving as his secretary of state in Albany, New York today Senator Hillary Clinton spoke with the state public transit industry conference. Where she was -- I'm very happy there is so much press attention and ", "36 year old Aberdeen is private. She was successes  Hillary Clinton 's right hand woman when she ran for president and relationship advice from longtime friend and former boss  Hillary Clinton  welcomed her underwear look up to my mom I I get advice ", "to describe 36 year old Aberdeen is private. She was -- successes Hillary Clinton's right hand woman when she ran for president and then again at the State Department. But this group interviewed during the 2008 ", "second chance upon his second chance. Helps to have a really forgiving wife. And a whole lot of therapy. This former  Hillary Clinton  is the latest in the long of long suffering political wise but why she's standing by M after another. And knowing ", "a really forgiving wife. And a whole lot of therapy. This former Hillary Clinton -- is the latest in the long -- of long suffering political wise but why she's standing by M after another. And ", "that he's no longer a congressman. He's running for mayor of new york city. And this time, his wife, huma,  hillary clinton 's former aide, is standing by his side. And speaking out. I'm very nervous. I wrote down what I wanted to ", "for mayor of new york city. And this time, his wife, huma, hillary clinton's former aide, is standing by his side. And speaking out. I'm very nervous. I wrote down what I wanted to say. I ", "the beginning, we are moving forward. Reporter: The good wife, she's an accomplished person in her own right,  hillary clinton 's right hand. For years she was silent and stood by but today she spoke, defending his behavior. Anthony has ", "Reporter: The good wife, she's an accomplished person in her own right, hillary clinton's right hand. For years she was silent and stood by but today she spoke, defending his behavior. Anthony has made some horrible ", "stable. Reporter: In the past, abedin's admitted she sought relationship advice from long-time friend and boss,  hillary clinton , a woman who knows a thing or two about public scandal. While she won't divulge the conversations, many wonder ", "past, abedin's admitted she sought relationship advice from long-time friend and boss, hillary clinton , a woman who knows a thing or two about public scandal. While she won't divulge the conversations, many wonder if her reasons ", "Online some wrote skath is messaging like huma came off as a culpable fool. She has sought relationship advice from  hillary clinton . I look up to her the way i look up to my mom. I get advice from her. She's kongsly a support system to me ", "came off as a culpable fool. She has sought relationship advice from hillary clinton . I look up to her the way i look up to my mom. I get advice from her. She's kongsly a support ", 'been paying attention.  Secretary of state hillary clinton  is visiting the african overseas now in egypt,  secretary of state hillary clinton  met for the first time...  Secretary of state hillary clinton  has arrived for meetings ', "and now in 2012. I guess that meansthat every decade or so, hillary clinton has shaken upour preconceptions and redefined herself. She resigns from her postas secretary of state shortly, but anyone who believes that she will justride off into the sunset hasn't been paying attention. Secretary of state hillary clinton is visiting the african nation of malawi. And overseas now in egypt, secretary of state hillary clinton met for the first time... Secretary of state hillary clinton has arrived for meetings in turkey. Hillary clinton went on a few foreign trips this year-- 67 to be exact. (cheering) She worked to empower women around the globe. And ", "Word today that  secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton 's mother has died at the age of 92. Mrs. Clinton daughter's victories console in her defeat. In her book  Hillary Clinton  wrote that her mother's life made her appreciate ", "Word today that secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton's mother has died at the age of 92. Mrs. Clinton said she was a kind of northstar. For her famous daughter who ", "Your hand the  secretary of state  yes. Who be playing  Hillary Clinton  but we're at all like  Hillary Clinton  who knows doing. As  secretary of state  but in fact standing for me  Hillary Rodham Clinton  definitely ", 'camp and you know. All the syllables are just standing for me Hillary Rodham Clinton definitely you know I think you should send -- the and asked for no. But what if she gives you everything that ', "since 1983 neither bill nor  hillary clinton  have been in government office Ending a run of 10,980 days.  Hillary clinton  remaining coy on what's shadow. My husband isn't  secretary of state . I am. Reporter: Since ", "from the start she wasn't living in anyone's shadow. My husband isn't secretary of state . I am. Reporter: Since then she's learned many new moves. As I look back over these past four years, I am very ", "the shadow of the departing  secretary of state ,  hillary clinton . Who took to the stage at a farewell projects. And you can see all of  hillary clinton 's last interview as  secretary of state , it is WITH cynthia McFadden tonight ", "the shadow of the departing secretary of state , hillary clinton Who took to the stage at a farewell global town hall today, answering questions from around the world. And joking, she's ready ", "We're going to turn now to  secretary of state hillary clinton . Doctors keeping a careful was eager to step down as  secretary of state . Why are you leaving? I've retirement really in the future of  hillary clinton ? It seems out of character ", "We're going to turn now to secretary of state hillary clinton Doctors keeping a careful eye on mrs. Clinton. We reported on their discovery, the blood clot right next to her brain. Tonight, ", 'possible candidate for  secretary of state . Former Obama rival  Senator Hillary Clinton . An Obama source tells ABC news that  Senator Hillary Clinton  is under quote very troubling pattern of  Senator Clinton  inflating her foreign ', 'Washington DC is abuzz about the news of a possible candidate for secretary of state . Former Obama rival Senator Hillary Clinton . An Obama source tells ABC news that Senator Hillary Clinton is under quote very serious consideration. For the top diplomatic job. The thinking is Clinton would bring instant international stature. Many world ', "approved john kerry as  hillary clinton 's replacement everybody talking.  Hillary clinton  has only three days left as the u.S.  Secretary of state . So the question more countries as  secretary of state  than any of her predecessorses ", "a reality show. Last night, the senate overwhelmingly approved john kerry as hillary clinton's replacement. Will she come back to washington and how? Come of the questions that cynthia McFadden asked her yesterday. Cynthia? Good morning, ", 'Perhaps no one is watching this situation more closely than  secretary of state Hillary Clinton  and she joins us this morning from the State Department. Has the United States administration yourself whether the president Secretary ', 'Perhaps no one is watching this situation more closely than secretary of state Hillary Clinton and she joins us this morning from the State Department. Has the United States administration -- yourself whether the president -- Secretary ']