["ABC News' Preeti Arla looks at the protests after the verdict in the  George Zimmerman  trial.", "that not guilty in the trial  George Zimmerman  standing up live as you're just doesn't make sense the  George Zimmerman  waited out the way George Zimmermann lesser of the two charges that  George Zimmerman  got. Carries a potential of ", "Nelson thinking that -- -- not guilty in the -- -- trial George Zimmerman standing up live as you're looking at that. Sanford Florida courtroom in our senior legal affairs anchor Dan Abrams with the on ", "one yelling for help. But it just doesn't make sense the -- George Zimmerman waited out the way George Zimmermann cleaned it happened. Prosecutors say never made sense in particular. With regard to how did George ", 'manslaughter charges that manslaughter -- the lesser of the two charges that George Zimmerman got. Carries a potential of thirty years in jail would have been very very severe. But again analyst told us the entire ', "courthouse in Sanford Matt good evening. Good evening David in fact this seventeen months of suspense that's after  George Zimmerman  shot trade on Martin that. Cold February night now those six jurors. Five of the mother's coming to this verdict ", "evening David in fact this -- seventeen months of suspense that's after George Zimmerman shot trade on Martin that. Cold February night now those six jurors. Five of the mother's coming to this verdict now that's ", "the plane crash we move other big stories today.  George zimmerman  on trial or the death of trayvon martin. Today the under his breath as I turntd it said no. Reporter:  George zimmerman 's fate could hinge on the screams and the defense ", 'our coverage of the plane crash we move other big stories today. George zimmerman on trial or the death of trayvon martin. Today the father did everything to convince a jury that the cry on the ', "away and under his breath as I turntd it said no. Reporter: George zimmerman's fate could hinge on the screams and the defense played it for witness after witness, all zimmerman friends, all agreeing. That's george's ", 'Zimmerman helped rescue a family in Florida that was trapped in an overturned SUV.', "expected my to start to blow up. Somehow reconcile all the colts were cell began just minutes after a jury acquitted  George Zimmerman  in the shooting death of trade on Martin. And so did the death threats frank we're gonna get to watch your back ", "the colts were cell -- began just minutes after a jury acquitted George Zimmerman in the shooting death of trade on Martin. And so did the death threats frank -- we're gonna get to watch your ", "find George not guilty a flicker of a smile from  George Zimmerman  head with his attorneys the embrace of his family first words in a trial not Who's there. George  George Zimmerman  who. All right good here on the jury. Saying afterwards ", 'jury find George -- not guilty a flicker of a smile from George Zimmerman head -- with his attorneys the embrace of his family. Moments later a free man unfettered from that GPS ankle bracelet and ', "his first words in a trial not -- Who's there. George -- George Zimmerman who. All right good here on the jury. Saying afterwards I still think the joke was funny I'm sorry about that. I'm ", 'surprise on both ts, no surprise in some ways that  george zimmerman  was acquitted and no surprise that the reaction exploded doubt and only reasonable doubt about the moment  george zimmerman  fired his weapon, what was going on in his head ', 'colors. No surprise on both ts, no surprise in some ways that george zimmerman was acquitted and no surprise that the reaction exploded. I think that the reaction is important, you know, as we look at ', 'was, which is reasonable doubt and only reasonable doubt about the moment george zimmerman fired his weapon, what was going on in his head so to some degree you can almost eliminate everything that happened up ', 'Turning to the latest on the  george zimmerman  verdict and reaction to it. There were more violent protect himself at that point. So, you believe that  george zimmerman  really felt his life was in danger? I do. I really ', 'Turning to the latest on the george zimmerman verdict and reaction to it. There were more violent demonstrations in los angeles overnight, with plenty of scuffles. At least 20 arrests. ', 'a right to protect himself at that point. So, you believe that george zimmerman really felt his life was in danger? I do. I really do. Reporter: B-37 was one of the five white jurors, also ', 'negligence not an accident direct intentional violence motivated by race that is a very high bar given the fact. The  George Zimmerman  has now been acquitted not only of second degree murder but also manslaughter. To just reignite the debate over ', 'by race that is a very high bar given the fact. The George Zimmerman has now been acquitted not only of second degree murder but also manslaughter. To just reignite the debate over the highly controversial ', 'that it did the attack happened primarily on the basis of race that racial motivations. Was at the heart of what  George Zimmerman  did we know that the criminal case did not prove that we know that there was reasonable doubt come by the jury to ', 'basis of race that racial motivations. Was at the heart of what George Zimmerman did we know that the criminal case did not prove that we know that there was reasonable doubt come by the jury ', 'him buying tea and candy. And minutes later, when  george zimmerman  saw him, he was committing no crime. Many african-americans have been different if trayvon martin was white and  george zimmerman  black? Tomorrow expect major demonstrations across ', "martin was of him buying tea and candy. And minutes later, when george zimmerman saw him, he was committing no crime. Many african-americans believe he was racially profiled. Today, the nation's first african-american president talked about ", 'question, would things have been different if trayvon martin was white and george zimmerman black? Tomorrow expect major demonstrations across the country. Thank you so much. Now the president in this fray. ', "online reaction today to the  george zimmerman  juror who spoke out about the issue inside the jury room where  george zimmerman 's fate was decided. A woman they decided they had to acquit  george zimmerman , soing that juror says was ", 'Did you see the furious online reaction today to the george zimmerman juror who spoke out about the secrets of the jury and their verdict of aquestionedle. Tonight her words and a new debate. ', "go. Reporter: But race wasn't an issue inside the jury room where george zimmerman's fate was decided. A woman identified as juror b 37 lked to cnn. Nobody felt race played a role. None of the jurors? I can't speak for them. That wasn't part of the discussion? No, we never had that discussion. Reporter: They were right up there on the fird r third floor. After 16 hours of deliberations they decided they had to acquit george zimmerman , soing that juror says was painful. I want people to know that we put everything into everything to get this verdict. We ", 'that night. At the same time  george zimmerman  acquitted of killing the unarmed Reporter: Ten days after  george zimmerman  was acquitted of murdering 17-year-old since the july 13th verdict.  George zimmerman  had all but disappeared until ', 'he was with his son walking that night. At the same time george zimmerman acquitted of killing the unarmed team, his attorneys were supposed to have a press conference with the family that he just saved ', 'young black and brown boys of this country. Reporter: Ten days after george zimmerman was acquitted of murdering 17-year-old trayvon martin, his father, tracy martin, made the opening remarks at the first ever meeting of the congressional caucus on black men and boys. Martin, a truck driver by profession has appeared in multiple interviews since the july 13th verdict. George zimmerman had all but disappeared until last week when police say he happened upon an suv that rolled over and held a family ', 'We begin with an abc news exclusive on the verdict that sparked debate thi weekend.  George zimmerman  found not guilty of murder when he shot 17-year-old trayvon martin. In the courtroom listening were his parents, gladys and ', 'an abc news exclusive on the verdict that sparked debate thi weekend. George zimmerman found not guilty of murder when he shot 17-year-old trayvon martin. In the courtroom listening were his parents, gladys and robert zimmerman ', 'Thanks to an American sanctity for self defense and a real lack clear evidence prosecutors  George Zimmerman  would be a tough man to convict. It took six weeks a lot of public pressure change in local prosecutors. Before he was even arrested ', 'self defense and a real lack -- clear evidence prosecutors -- -- George Zimmerman would be a tough man to convict. It took six weeks a lot of public pressure -- -- change in local prosecutors. ', 'Seventy months after shooting straight on and three weeks after his murder trial began.  George Zimmerman  is a free man tonight GPS tracking device gone from his ankle the gun used in the shooting. His if he wants back a jury of six ', 'shooting straight on -- and three weeks after his murder trial began. George Zimmerman is a free man tonight GPS tracking device gone from his ankle the gun used in the shooting. His if he wants ', "Nelson Mandela?s Birthday, Water Shortage and Robin Roberts made up the weeks' headlines.", "Later offering an emotional release to millions of people. Who feel compelled to respond and ABC's rob Nelson is covering that angle rob good morning. After those six jurors acquitted George last night in millions of Americans wasted no time in having their say flocking to social media in droves in"]