["The emir's edict on the voting rule changes ignited widespread outrage, spawning street clashes and the formation of another odd alliance of pro-reform liberals and conservative Islamists pledging to sit out the election in protest. Liberals joined the boycott over anger that the emir used a decree to change the voting rules rather than go through parliament.", "The boycott front appears to unraveling, but standing firm is Kuwait's version of the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamic Constitutional Movement, or ICM.", "The ICM denies any direct connect with Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood. They had a near-break after many Brotherhood members outside Kuwait backed Iraq's 1990 invasion of Kuwait. Ties have improved in recent years, and the ICM has expanded its political reach, leaving Kuwait at odds with many Gulf partners that strongly oppose any presence of the Brotherhood as a potential threat to their rule.", 'At a political rally in Kuwait last week, hundreds of ICM members denounced Kuwait and other nations that have pledged money to the new Egyptian government.', '"This coup is a disgrace," said Jamaan al-Harbish, a leading member of the ICM, referring to the military\'s ouster of the Egyptian president. "To the brave Egyptian people, we say this: You are today facing the tyrants of our nation. All the tyrants in our nation want you to be defeated. Never give up."', 'Rights groups and media watchdogs have stepped up denunciations of Kuwait\'s social media clampdowns, part of wider Gulf efforts to punish Twitter users and others for posts considered insulting to rulers. Last week, an appeals court in Kuwait upheld a 20-month sentence against an online activist for "offending" the emir.', 'On Sunday, New York-based Human Rights Watch denounced the sentence and urged Kuwait to "tolerate this kind of criticism, not persecute people who dare express it."', "Kuwaiti authorities have also targeted opposition figures. In February, a court sentenced three former opposition lawmakers to three years hard labor for insulting the country's ruler during speeches at political rallies. An appeals court this week overturned the sentences, but Kuwait's government can still challenge the decision.", 'Another former lawmaker, Musallam al-Barrack, refused to surrender this spring when a court sentenced him to five years for a speech that accused the emir of pushing Kuwait toward an "autocracy." The sentence was later dropped on appeal, but his case remains in court. A hearing is set for early September.', 'Shafeeq Ghabra, a Kuwait-based political science professor, said the new election "postponed inevitable clashes," but risks remain that opposition groups may stop considering parliament the best place to make their voices heard.', '"People will resort to other means if they stop believing in the parliament, and that\'s slowly becoming the case," Ghabra said. "People will resort to their tribes and sects, and this only makes it worse for Kuwait."', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']