['In the early hours Wednesday, a bomb went off outside the main police headquarters in the Nile Delta city of Mansoura, wounding 19 people. Presidential spokesman Ahmed el-Muslemani called the attack an act of terrorism.', "The Mansoura bombing is a possible sign that a militant campaign could be spreading from Sinai to Egypt's heartland, where so far the violence has been mostly restricted to street clashes between the two sides.", "El-Sissi's address in the Mediterranean coastal city of Alexandria was a strong sign that the top general is the source of real power in Egypt, despite his assertions that authority has been handed completely to the civilian government set up after Morsi's fall and led by interim President Adly Mansour.", 'Wearing dark sunglasses under his military cap and a uniform dotted with medals, el-Sissi said "every honorable and honest Egyptian must come out ...  Please, shoulder your responsibility with me, your army and the police and show your size and steadfastness in the face of what is going on."', 'The populist rallying cry raised concern among some in the camp that supported Morsi\'s removal. An influential youth movement, April 6, said el-Sissi did not need a further mandate to stop any violence or armed groups, and it warned that measures that add to tensions only "keep us away from national reconciliation and constitute a real danger on national security."', "But Tamarod, the new youth movement that spearheaded the mass rallies leading to Morsi's ouster, backed el-Sissi's appeal and said it would participate Friday. It said the purpose of its protests would be to press demands for Morsi to be brought to justice and to renounce violence.", 'A political adviser to Mansour, the interim president, depicted el-Sissi\'s call as aimed at defending the public, alluding to allegations of violence by Morsi supporters against opponents. "We are talking about a people who are subjected to aggression on the streets," Mustafa Hegazi said.', "El-Sissi called for rallies Friday to be as large as those on June 30, when millions took to the streets at Tamarod's behest to demand Morsi's ouster, and July 3, when millions again celebrated his overthrow. He promised police and troops would guard the rallies.", 'He underlined that his call for mass demonstrations should not be taken as an invitation to violence.', 'At the main pro-Morsi sit-in in Cairo, outside the Rabaah al-Adawiya Mosque, the mainly Islamist protesters who have been massed there all month immediately saw el-Sissi speech as signaling a move to crush them.', '"He was pleading to the people, (saying) ... \'I want to kill those criminals, those believers, those people who pray ... I can\'t even see what honor is since I am doused in treason,\'" Gamal Abdel-Sattar, a pro-Morsi cleric, told the crowd in a speech from the stage, parodying el-Sissi.', 'Commenting on el-Sissi\'s address, Essam el-Erian, a senior Brotherhood leader, made it clear that the Morsi camp intends to stick to its guns. "There is no solution except rescinding the coup and the return of legitimacy," he told Al-Jazeera Mubasher Misr.', "El-Sissi's address coincided with the inaugural session of a reconciliation conference sponsored by the interim president aimed at ending the country's divisions. The Brotherhood and its allies boycotted the session, attended by Mohamed ElBaradei, Egypt's top reform campaigner who was named vice president after Morsi's ouster, and several dozen senior politicians and public figures.", 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']