['\t\tMilitary leaders oust president Mohamed Morsi after deadline on ultimatum passes.', "\t\t\t\t\t\tThis is a special report from ABC news. I'm Dan -- New York -- -- an ABC news digital special report. -- 48 hour warning has expired and now the Egyptian military. Has descended on Cairo Egypt locking... See More ", "\t\t\t\t\t\tThis is a special report from ABC news. I'm Dan -- New York -- -- an ABC news digital special report. -- 48 hour warning has expired and now the Egyptian military. Has descended on Cairo Egypt locking down president Mohamed more seat taking back control of the country. In the name of anti government protesters the army. Will deliver unofficial roadmap forward any moment now and that is what we are -- right there. Let's listen -- -- what. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- As a security team that economic social and political candidate and what it was -- and division of digit jump on -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- On the -- forces that beauty of any household cover of the two with -- state industry isn't the religious globalized shotguns and aunts and also. Vehicles of the Matsuzaka he simply toppled or not without good look at coats what old band it's on nationality conciliation profit as -- it's unclear road map for the future what is the -- body confidence. And stability. The united oxy fuel for the people -- living cop stood there as an RA San Antonio satellites. Yet say that the address of the president's. Yes that may have them -- it -- -- -- and -- full -- -- -- -- up OT eight on ultimatum. My big -- models like -- need to their demands on -- -- not to deepen what it was as studies -- is to admit I was I -- city policy itself -- forces based in Charlotte on its Hispanic identity McClellan submitted. Took on dishonesty was -- didn't -- Olympic -- And I -- -- As -- safeguards without sidelining -- with any thoughts and McDonnell went equality that was immediately thought -- the beat up on locked up only federal -- then would speak to and that sent miss quote win by opt out of us is it cynical heated Egyptian society is -- -- without. Marginalizing. Any need to excellent. But it got county that I wouldn't consent bunting and ends up -- the -- -- division next diesel admit that it mount -- includes the funnel it and I met with this -- suspending. The constitution but -- Nellie. Activities. Covered the -- would -- he had been. She's not that long because it looks a little -- where he brought it to have that as a live record according vehicle is he gonna leaving residents and action plans it would have been he is us -- -- and it -- just don't -- it will -- the -- -- -- DOD and tell him. Immediate and Ted -- president got -- and it it. That -- just so they could use in a vote that is that -- -- that would have been -- to hand on the presidents have decreased. Dealings and -- him. Eighties -- got that luckily tactic they'll grind out at NASA that the government would pay full benefits and what -- fight have been at that was -- high power. Two run that cut into a fan. Let -- except to meet the need including. Or you would -- expects easily and -- -- have a -- -- the school up Drupal is gonna let -- could be -- Houston which speeds but of these many suspended. Would have said it couldn't back up at the -- The subpoena but couldn't -- little colds and think bad winds that address that -- long ago whole be fundamentally candidate since it -- pretty painful to be fundamentally an attitude that -- And and that -- Yet and that -- of ethics -- seek healing and guarantee that could defeat them both -- -- have -- We pay them off beat yet giving funny unity to an -- -- -- -- I think that we. -- would take significant mrs. -- seven agents. He'd taken that would empower youth who took data model and -- stake in -- accuse -- and The Beatles that the -- today adds that in that decision making process -- delicate -- a different positions admitted -- -- -- -- message that. -- that -- that he insidious and by that that if you look at the big -- act. Having exit -- a month old. At that -- is hopeful and representative of old. Qualities not in the city Egypt's armed forces at the -- -- people with old it's expected him to maintain that the Clinton administration and that's. -- away from violence which went -- -- -- declared that didn't send and saving the blood of the innocent let the hype. And the armored forces -- -- That it I would stand up I think certainly deputy ankle but he simply went deep through Expedia many Steve security president. They're -- that is strictly to any act. The Yankee Darryl good piece of advice on -- middle of the floor to let that based on its. Patriots again and aesthetic values and responsibility vehicle but the the -- forcing that it stands -- the old -- receipts and get -- the Egyptian went on -- forces. I -- that -- -- As it did said he can't -- little room and ultimately get to dictate dates but few people -- that it. And patriotic and as a Benedict continued set in my -- -- maintaining the safety of these security and -- being the media and the and definitive million dollars. He made guts and unassailable and people and that fund public their client be politically easy and -- God's peace be upon you. And the latest we inherited from the Egyptian military announce today you can see the reaction from tahrir square where millions have come out. After that 48 hour ultimatum. The time has come and so we see that the constitution for Egypt has been dissolved and in the into around the Chief Justice. Egypt will have power until elections can be held for the president. And -- members of parliament and that is the reaction from those protesters both for and against president -- more -- With fireworks and millions gathering in tahrir square protest thing. More -- to either share power step aside and as we can see right there. The military has now taken over the constitution has been dissolved and so new elections. Will be scheduled and held -- want to go to ABC's David Hughes who was at the State Department. -- talk about some of the latest developments on this and Dana obviously these developments have been coming very rapidly. I wanna start up first in and foremost. Locking down president Mohamed -- -- obviously with something that these protesters demonstrators had wanted. Taking back control of the country in the name of anti government protesters the army delivering on that road map. The constitution suspended -- Chief Justice essentially acting as the head of state if we have any idea than Wendy's new elections will happen. No I mean as you pointed out to end these developments are happening very rapidly. But there will be pressure from the United States and other allies in these elections to happen as quickly as possible mean what you really have in this situation. Is -- case where. You are essentially suspending democracy. To bring better democracy or at least. That is with the opposition is claiming Mohammed Morrissey -- it was a close election. What is the democratically elected leader of Egypt and so. Egypt and and United States and other Egyptian allies. In the west that have been touting democracy. Are left in kind of a quandary where they are supporting. The Egyptian people but they also need to do and want to stand up and support democracy and -- they won't be calling for these elections to happen. As soon as they can happen. Correctly in peace. -- I know it's very difficult to speculate on this and as we're watching the reaction from those in tahrir square but. What is the likelihood that they would write a constitution before electing a government this time around. While it is difficult to speculate I think that. You know they're two different processes in many ways here's the process. The constitution and then there's the process. There's spots of the constitution and there's also the process of -- elections together and you know that process there they both are quite involved in order to have elections you have to have. You know just even the logistics balance. You know it -- figuring out. Which election areas they're going to be and remember that Egypt is in new democracy. More -- was really the first elected. -- leader in more than 2000 years. And then with the constitution that's a separate process in many ways. So it's hard to speculate but the one thing that anyone that -- been following this can easily -- it. Egypt has another tough road to -- and really they're starting at from ground zero from where they were two and a half years ago after the Arabs. Very -- and I wanted to know about that analyzed for have deciphering what that save it was by the military that just came down. This the president does -- -- who does he have any form of power given the military's -- right now. Well he does have power in the sense that wasn't 50% of the population did vote for him. And so this isn't just because there's millions of people out -- here's square that does not mean that this is over. His national security advisor posted on FaceBook today that. There will warned on FaceBook today that there will be bloodshed over this. That his supporters will not be happy and so that's the next thing that won't have to look for and how will the army react to that. Will they be -- -- and allow these protests. Will they be violent and and that could be another major problem. I was gonna take a look now this coming from the BBC if you look at the left side these are. Supporters of president Mohamed Morrissey on the left on the right. You see tahrir square and they had you rightfully pointed out the military urging those that are in tahrir square. Not to resort to any form of violence as this country's going through this tumultuous transition. A human point out just two and a half years now into a democratic form and now with the constitution dissolved and elections set to be scheduled. It seemed to be -- -- is exactly what kind of power the president has. Dana I want to ask you what are they saying in Washington about this because obviously the US ties to Egypt summit has been closely watched as this situation has been building and intensity. Well again the US ties to Egypt which is a long time and maybe for a long time whenever strongest allies in the Arab region. It's complicated. I'm the -- and that they're very much caught on the one hand they want to support the people of Egypt. And -- enjoy AT&T in the United States continues to enjoy close ties to the military. But on the other hand. The election that was held -- years ago was -- is a huge step towards democracy. So the continued lying that all senior administration officials including President Obama had been saying over the last few days. Is that they -- not taking sides that said. Today -- the State Department briefing spokesperson Jen -- was very hard on Mohammed Morrissey. Saying that the administration did not feel that his speech last night. Adequately address the grievances of those that are protesting. And continuing to reiterate that. Democracy is more than just a ballot box. It also means listening to the grievances. And the voices of your people and clearly they feel like -- -- -- Has not done. It was also interesting to note that there has not been any pointed criticism of the military yet. With the United States and foreign aid law. There's a law that says that the United States is not supposed to give direct military aid. Any country that's being run by -- military government in this case a -- But it's there's a loophole -- that -- it also says. -- -- -- this situation can be looked at depending on the circumstances. And that is something that the administration is taking a close look at right now. They really have to walk a fine line they want to be both supportive of democracy but at the same time they want to stand up for the Egyptian people. And they want to make sure that Egypt stays stable and secure. Well given that Dana what has been a lot of demands from those people that we've obviously not only seen in tahrir square but in the weeks that have been building up to this response. Well a number of things that the Morrissey administration's done that -- really upset egyptians and the international community. There are laws that they'd pass against. Democracy NGOs there was the court case in which they found several American NGOs. Of trying to tamper with Egypt's democracy an even more than that. During the Arab -- a big reason why that occurred is because egyptians just weren't happy with their situation in life. Particularly their economic situation. And in this time period -- she's been elected. Egypt and hopefully inflation is more than 8%. Yet employment rate remains high tourism hasn't come back. So you have both. Democracy advocates and human rights advocates in Egypt. Would been unhappy with what they see as an increasingly authoritarian regime -- at the same time you have people who feel like their economic needs aren't being met. And he put those together you really have a combination for an explosive situation like the one we're seeing right now. The day -- president more -- had the support of the Muslim Brotherhood and that was. Serious point of contention and I'm driving force behind a lot of the protests and demonstrations. If the military sets up new elections and I want if you could just walk us through this and again I know this is somewhat speculative but. As these new elections will be scheduled do we think the Muslim Brotherhood then we'll have a a chance of having candidates allowed to run again. I think they'll have to be. -- you know again it is speculation but. One of the main things that the administration has been saying and I think you'll hear from calls from. Other Egyptian allies is that. There needs to be a political solution in all parties need to come to the table and that means the Muslim Brotherhood don't forget again. -- -- he did win the election in a free and what was considered a free and fair election that means that more than 50% of the population. Voted for him and voted for his Muslim Brotherhood party. I think if you see elections that. That do not allow for Muslim Brotherhood candidates. I think what you're going to see is not stability. Not not the will of the Egyptian people but more instability and possibly violence to -- -- to see a big push from the Obama administration that. All parties involved need to find a way to come to the table and come to a solution. Have we heard from the former President Hosni Mubarak the man that Mohammed more -- had replaced that we heard from him at all. In reaction knowledge that 48 hour ultimatum but -- these demonstrations have been taking place. I'm sorry I can't hear you but yet when I was just asking about whether we've heard from the former president -- -- far. Who was replaced in that first democratic election by Mohammed more -- that we heard from Mubarak. And so sorry I I still -- -- that's OK we're we -- weird can you hear me now Dana. And -- might be having some technical difficulties -- let me know. When you can hear me if you are just joining us you're looking at a live shot of tahrir square where the Egyptian military has just now with a statement saying that the country's constitution has been dissolved. And that at this point the Chief Justice now has interim power. And that -- president Mohamed more -- Has stepped has been had taken under a military coup new elections will be scheduled for the president and also for parliament. And again that it is obviously jubilation that a lot of the protesters millions have been waiting for that -- Packed into tahrir square after days of demonstrations have been. Building up to that point. And -- just before we dropped out -- I was asking whether or not we've heard from the former President Hosni Mubarak on his first. -- We haven't heard anything from hot and bark at me then the last reports that we heard about him is that. No he's been sick but he's also been really laying under the radar in and many of his. Former cabinet in and various. Supporters of his have also sort of been laying under the radar it's not in their best interests in many ways to come out and say anything. Now it should be interesting to see if that might change activists. -- that you know essentially you're having and then of the Groundhog Day in terms of the Arab Spring just. Less than three years late -- It will be interesting to see. Yes. Hasn't -- or some of his. Supporters. And people that we're defending him come out and say something about this. Well if we can I want to talk a little -- -- the potential candidates that may be in these upcoming elections and again I know it's. Potentially premature to even discuss that as we're looking right here this live shot of tahrir square from so much reaction. Fireworks going off and on the right side you see. You see those that have been pushing for Mohammed Morrissey to step down to concede power and on the left you -- seeing his supporters there clearly. A very different picture but the data a potential future candidates. When. Mohammed or excuse me when when Mohammed more C one he had 51. Little bit better than 51% of the vote not a landslide by any stretch and there are many political parties that have been trying to put their candidates -- to do with any idea. Of how the elections may look different now as opposed what they did two years ago. Well thinking it is speculation but one of the things that we we know for sure is that. Mohamed Al Barghouti who. Was -- was that worked with the IAEA. Is our has are any day. Selected to be you know the unofficial spokesperson for the opposition. So it is very much expected that he will play -- big -- in the next elections. And an after that I think you know will will have to see. It -- you know they -- Egypt is sort of starting from. The bottom again it's starting from square one now. They did they had you know a process before but obviously there may have been some problems with that process or. You know less than three years later you wouldn't see another turn -- now you know one of the things that US officials continue to say you've heard it from. President Obama you've heard from secretary carrying -- even heard it from. President Bush in his interview with Jon Karl. Is that. They're stressing that Egypt is a new democracy. And that like any new democracy there will be growing -- some smaller some huge. They talk about many US officials talk about how just in the United States' own history there was a hundred years between. The constitution. Being. You know certified and and the civil war in the union coming together -- so. Some of this will be some patience and and that democracy. Takes time in what you're seeing in Egypt are these. Huge growing pains. And what we're getting up from the associated repress is a report that -- excuse that Mohammed Morrissey has been moved to an undisclosed location. That coming after that military statements about dissolving the constitution. And the future scheduling of elections. Did I want to ask you a little bit about the relationship that the military there has. With those demonstrators not only in tahrir square but also from the demonstrators that are in support of more -- It seems very unusual -- from 2011 but from now. This is the disconnect between the office of president and the military power and -- seems to be a great deal of trust that is put by the people of Egypt into the military. Well as you can see from from the live pictures. The supporters of the opposition are thrilled that the military is coming in. And is providing protection and support and and has taken these actions. I see with the more C supporters obviously they're not going to be very happy. I think what you're going to what world need to watch for in terms of the relationship is how did they handled the protests that are about to have her. How do they can't handle the anger that more C supporters and supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood will feel. Are they going will they handle it in a peaceful manner will they handle it with excessive force I think that will be key. And in the relationship that the military will have with. -- more -- supporters but yes even if the Arab Spring you saw historically that that people did have an implicit trust of the military. And that the military said that you know therefore the Egyptian people that said there are also. Allegations that the military has committed human rights abuses and that they did so during the -- -- that they have not been a good job. Of protecting the rights of women. It particularly women protesters. -- and so I think we'll have to see again a lot of it will depend on how quickly. The elections happen. -- -- impose some type of emergency rule. What the transition -- life. And that also will. That determine a lot of how the United States continues to relate. To Egypt as I said you know there is a law that -- United States does not give direct foreign military aid. Any country that is being run by -- military government that there can be exceptions now within those exceptions. I think that it's safe to say US is going to be having some conversations. With Egypt's military to make sure that. The processes for democracy stay on track. And -- an excellent point to bring up -- as the Chief Justice has now been put into interim power. If it also asked begs the question of what kind of a precedent does this -- -- we've been talking about the fact that this is a very young democracy. But at the same time with elections held just a short time ago and now you can see. After gaining that in the favorable favorability of 51 point 73% of the population. Mohammed Morrissey is essentially now out and so this country is now in force to. Look at a new leader and look at its variable options for other political parties but -- -- Ford though in trying to. Create another constitution or make amendments to those that are already in place. What kind of a presence is this -- set. Again that's that's an interesting point and it's important point and it's one that the Muslim Brotherhood. Has been making. In that statement that I talked about before from more c.'s national security advisor. Essentially -- You know. What this message is sending is that. Democracy is not for air of nations and that. That the people. Can overthrow a government if they don't like it and there will be support from. The United States. And other western allies and they're saying that it's hypocritical now at the same time in -- US officials tell ABC news that. You know there. From within the country many people did not see this as a -- They see it as the military. Taking steps to be able to. Really help the people and to be on the side of the people. I think and again the transition is really going to be what's key in this. If you are just joining us you're looking at a live shot -- tahrir square in Egypt where the military there has announced. That the Chief Justice has now replaced president -- -- -- the constitution has been dissolved. And elections will be scheduled for the president. And for the parliament. And on with us is CNN news from the State Department in Dana. You talked a moment of go as the Arab Spring as Groundhog Day. When you look at this scene in tahrir square how do you think those images those actions in Egypt will impact other. Air springs other country -- -- even younger democracies. You know there's two -- look at it again the way that say the Muslim Brotherhood is saying is that. This sets a bad precedent it sets a precedent that. Even if there are elections and democracy. That an Arab countries they don't take those seriously and that. Really you can have government by the mob rule out another way to look at the situation. Is that. You know after years in years of what many considered to be an oppressive regime where the people didn't have a voice they're now saying no. We demand a voice and Jesse -- we elect to -- does not mean the UN then not accountable to us the people. We came we had the Arab Spring because -- came through and oppressive system. We came -- a long period where we had no voice and that's not gonna happen again and we will stand up for our rights to make sure that that doesn't happen again. And that's the perspective that I think you'll you'd find most of the protesters and that the army is taking it. -- what are you hearing most of -- the missteps of potential missteps from the Muslim Brotherhood did. Was it a matter of moving too fast of trying to create democratic system. In -- Unlike the timeline. It well it's a combination of things it's a combination of things that. Maybe word not their fault that that -- in the Arab Spring Egypt was already in a precarious economic situation. That he had already lost much of its tourism that it was. Quite and stable and it would be hard for any government to come in and and fix that immediately you know following. Following any revolution I think you can talk to any social scientists and they would -- filing any revolution. There are -- heightened expectations. But what the next government is going to do so there's that but then you know I think if you wouldn't talk to administration officials. And -- analysts they would say that the -- -- government didn't help itself either. By passing -- -- What we're considered. -- they'll authoritarian. Type laws against NGOs by trying to -- in. More. Islamic -- less sectarian law. I think it's. You know it and not listening. Not that people didn't feel like they were being listened to. And still everyone expected that there would be protests on the one year anniversary of his election which happened last weekend. But no one expected. Crowds like this and crowds from. Women men. Older people younger people middle class people and it really represented you know -- -- it dissatisfaction. With the -- that the country was going. So again I I think it's two things I think there are some things that Egypt was already in a fragile precarious situation in it would be hard for any government to take over and -- -- -- really give people the progress that they were expecting after the elation of the -- spring. But I also think that the -- -- governments and I I think that officials would save you -- -- government. Made some huge missteps. ABC's dating Hughes at the State Department Dana thank you for that and we'll leave -- now with these scenes from tahrir square where Egypt's military has announced that he. Chief Justice. Will now have power in the in drama. And elections are scheduled to be held for the presidents and for members of parliament. And Egypt's constitution. Has been dissolved. We have a complete report on abcnews.com. -- the situation is still and a very fluid state there. For now. I'm Dan -- in New York with the with this ABC news digital special report. This has been a special -- Report from me. ", '\t\t\t\t\t    This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tMore than 250 people have been sickened by the bug and at least 10 sent to the hospital.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tWoman collapsed in the heat after getting lost while hiking on the Utah-Arizona border.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tZimmerman helped rescue a family in Florida that was trapped in an overturned SUV.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tJudge grants prosecution extension to present evidence in former Patriots murder case.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tPrince William and Kate will spend three weeks away with their newborn named George Alexander Louis.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tDavid Vanbuskirk, 36, died while trying to hoist a stranded hiker from a rocky ledge.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tAunt Pippa Middleton was reportedly there to greet the 8-pound, 6-ounce heir to the throne.', "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tLori Tankel believes she's being harassed because of a mix-up with her cellphone number.", '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe royal baby will be officially known as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tAn anonymous juror told Anderson Cooper the six women thought for hours about their verdict.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tAn Oregon woman speaks for the first time about her 6-day ordeal stranded on Mt. Hood.', "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tChris Bucchere, 37, struck and killed a pedestrian in California; won't serve time in prison.", '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe singer goes without clothes in photo spread; new album ARTPOP drops in November.', "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tDr. James Wolf fulfills dream to be a part of his daughter Rachel's future wedding."]