['PHOTO: Ousted Egyptian  president Hosni Mubarak sits inside a cage in a courtroom during his verdict hearing in Cairo , June 2, 2012. A judge sentenced Mubarak to life in prison after convicting him of ...', 'PHOTO: Ousted  Egyptian  president Hosni Mubarak sits inside a cage in a courtroom during his verdict hearing in  Cairo , June 2, 2012. A judge sentenced Mubarak to life in prison after convicting him of involvement in the murder of protesters during the upri', 'PHOTO: A Palestinian man repairs the entrance of a bombed smuggling tunnel linking the Gaza Strip to Egypt  in Rafah, on November 29, 2012.', 'PHOTO: A Palestinian man repairs the entrance of a bombed smuggling tunnel linking the Gaza Strip to  Egypt  in Rafah, on November 29, 2012.', 'PHOTO: View of the of the sunken garden of the northern section of the Harem Quarter of the Great Palace at Amarna. The ancient city was the short-lived capital of ancient Egypt  built by Akhenaten ...', 'PHOTO: View of the of the sunken garden of the northern section of the Harem Quarter of the Great Palace at Amarna. The ancient city was the short-lived capital of ancient  Egypt  built by Akhenaten and abandoned shortly after his death.', 'VIDEO: Part 10: Famous Egyptian  archeologist Zahi Hawass made a significant discovery in Giza .', 'VIDEO: Part 10: Famous  Egyptian  archeologist Zahi Hawass made a significant discovery in  Giza .', "VIDEO: Part 9: Christiane Amanpour and her son take a hot air balloon ride over Egypt's  ancient lands.", "VIDEO: Part 9: Christiane Amanpour and her son take a hot air balloon ride over  Egypt's  ancient lands.", 'PHOTO: A woman carrying her daughter vents her frustrations to electoral staff as she and others wait to cast their vote during a referendum on the new Egyptian  constitution at a polling station on ...', 'PHOTO: A woman carrying her daughter vents her frustrations to electoral staff as she and others wait to cast their vote during a referendum on the new  Egyptian  constitution at a polling station on Dec. 15, 2012 in  Cairo ,  Egypt .', 'PHOTO: Egyptian  Army tanks, left, deploy as Egyptian  protesters gather outside the presidential palace during a demonstration against President Mohammed Morsi in Cairo , Egypt , Dec. 11, 2012.', 'PHOTO:  Egyptian  Army tanks, left, deploy as  Egyptian  protesters gather outside the presidential palace during a demonstration against President Mohammed Morsi in  Cairo ,  Egypt , Dec. 11, 2012.', 'VIDEO: "Back to the Beginning": Christiane Amanpour and son Darius float over Luxor, Egypt , exploring impor', 'VIDEO: "Back to the Beginning": Christiane Amanpour and son Darius float over Luxor,  Egypt , exploring impor', 'VIDEO: Egypt , critical ally to the U.S., struggles with political turmoil between leaders and citizens.', 'VIDEO:  Egypt , critical ally to the U.S., struggles with political turmoil between leaders and citizens.', 'PHOTO: The bust of Queen Nefertiti, at Egyptian  Museum and Papyrus Collection in the Neues Museum Berlin on November 11, 2009.', 'PHOTO: The bust of Queen Nefertiti, at  Egyptian  Museum and Papyrus Collection in the Neues Museum Berlin on November 11, 2009.', 'PHOTO: Egyptian  Body builder Moustafa Ismail poses during his daily workout at World Gym, Nov. 16, 2012 in Milford, MA.', 'PHOTO:  Egyptian  Body builder Moustafa Ismail poses during his daily workout at World Gym, Nov. 16, 2012 in Milford, MA.', 'PHOTO: Egyptian  Body builder Moustafa Ismail poses during his daily workout at World Gym in Milford, Mass, Nov. 16, 2012.', 'PHOTO:  Egyptian  Body builder Moustafa Ismail poses during his daily workout at World Gym in Milford, Mass, Nov. 16, 2012.', "VIDEO: Egypt's  Tahrir Square fills with protesters following President Mohamed Morsi's power grab.", "VIDEO:  Egypt's  Tahrir Square fills with protesters following President Mohamed Morsi's power grab."]