['People pause at the memorial site in Copley Square on April 30 in Boston. The city continues to return to normalcy with Boylston Street fully reopened and businesses back up and running after two weeks of closures. See all photography related to the Boston bombings.', 'Running shoes are among the mementos left as a tribute to the victims of the bombing. ', 'Boston shows its resilience and heart with signs of support for the marathon bombing victims, including this cover from the new issue of Boston magazine. ', "Law enforcement officials enter St. Patrick's Church in formation prior to the funeral for Massachusetts Institute of Technology Police Officer Sean Collier in Stoneham, Massachusetts, on Tuesday, April 23. Collier was allegedly shot and killed by Boston Marathon bombing suspects Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev on Friday, April 19. ", "Members of many different law enforcement agencies walk in formation into Collier's funeral at St. Patrick's Church on April 23.", 'President Barack Obama observes a moment of silence in honor of the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings, in the Oval Office in Washington on Monday, April 22. Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick asked his state and beyond to honor the victims at 2:50 p.m., the time of the first explosion. ', 'Staff of the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Emergency Department gather inside a trauma room on April 22, to observe a moment of silence for victims in the Boston Marathon bombings. ', 'Onlookers at a building near the finish line during a moment of silence on April 22.', 'A Buddhist at a memorial during a moment of silence near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 22.', "One week after the Boston Marathon bombings, people gather to observe a moment of silence in the city's Copley Square on April 22. ", 'Officials line Boylston Street near the site of the explosions as they observe a moment of silence on April 22.', 'State employees pause for a moment of silence on the steps of the Massachusetts State House.', 'Traders on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange join the moment of silence on April 22.', 'Pallbearers carry the casket of victim Krystle Campbell from St. Joseph Catholic Church after a funeral service on April 22 in Medford, Massachusetts.', "Mourners walk out of St. Joseph Catholic Church after Krystle Campbell's funeral service.", 'Nurse practitioner Maureen Quaranto, who treated victims of the Boston Marathon bombings, wears her Boston Marathon jacket during Mass at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross on Sunday, April 21, in Boston. ', 'From left, Boston Police Department Superintendents Kevin Buckley and William Evans attend the Mass at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross with Police Commissioner Edward Davis on April 21.', 'Photos of the deceased are displayed at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross on April 21, the first Sunday since the Boston Marathon bombings.', 'Boston Police Department Superintendent William Evans, right, kneels during the service at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross on April 21.', 'Parishioners gathered for a morning service at the Redeemer Fellowship Church on April 21, just a few blocks from the crime scene on Franklin Street where major police activity occurred on April 19 during the manhunt for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, in Watertown, Massachusetts.', 'Leaders of an interfaith service participated in a vigil at the memorial for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings, near the finish line on Boylston Street in Boston on April 21.', 'Crowds gathered to participate in an interfaith memorial service with leaders from six churches at a makeshift memorial for victims near the site of the Boston Marathon bombings at the intersection of Boylston and Berkeley streets on April 21.', 'The makeshift memorial honoring the victims of the Boston Marathon explosions on Boylston Street continues to grow as onlookers gather on April 21.', 'Nicole Collier Lynch, center, sister of slain MIT police officer Sean Collier, hugs a Wellesley police officer during a vigil at the Town Common in Wilmington, Massachusetts, on Saturday, April 20. Collier, 26, was shot multiple times in his car on Thursday night as Boston Marathon bombing suspects Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother Tamerlan tried to evade capture.', 'A woman holds an American flag at a makeshift memorial on April 20, near the scene of the Boston Marathon explosions.', 'Watertown residents gather to attend a candlelight vigil at Victory Park on April 20.', 'Items hang from a barrier Saturday at the makeshift memorial near the site of the Boston Marathon bombings.', 'Huntsville, Alabama, residents hold a prayer vigil on Friday, April 19, for those lost and injured in the bombing at the Boston Marathon. Three people died when two bombs went off Monday, April 15, near the finish line. View photos from the attacks.', 'Two women embrace during a candlelight vigil in Somerville, Massachusetts, for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing on Thursday, April 18. ', 'People hold candles as they listen to a speaker during a vigil in Somerville, Massachusetts, on April 18.', 'President Barack Obama talks with Massachusetts General Hospital staff on April 18 while visiting patients injured in the terror attack. ', 'A man at the BoMA restaurant across the street from the Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Boston watches President Obama speak on television at the cathedral honoring the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings on April 18. ', 'A running shoe and U.S. flag are part of a memorial on the Boston Marathon route on April 18.', 'President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama arrive at the interfaith service for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing, at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Boston, on April 18.', 'Mourners filled the cathedral in Boston on April 18 for the the interfaith service.', 'President Barack Obama, Michelle Obama and Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick attend the interfaith prayer service on April 18. ', 'A flag flies at half staff on April 17 near the scene of the Boston Marathon bombings. ', 'First lady Michelle Obama takes part in a moment of silence for victims of the bombings at the Boston Marathon during a bill-signing ceremony at the Maryland State House in Annapolis, Maryland, on April 17.', 'Flowers, running shoes and other items are left in memory of Chinese graduate student Lingzi Lu, who was killed during the bomb explosions on April 17.', 'Joy Liu, 23, puts a green hat with a shamrock and a note with the words "From Boston and Beijing with love. RIP" at the memorial for Lu.', 'Boston Bruins fans sing the national anthem during pregame ceremonies on April 17 in remembrance of the Boston Marathon bombing victims.', "Brooks Orpik of the Pittsburgh Penguins shows his support for Boston with a sticker on his helmet during the Penguins' game against the Montreal Canadiens on April 17.", 'A moment of silence was held for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings before a hockey game between the Boston Bruins and the Buffalo Sabres on April 17.', 'People pray during a vigil held by the city of Cambridge, Massachusetts, on April 17 to show support for those affected by the Boston Marathon bombings.', 'Dennis Seidenberg of the Boston Bruins observes a moment of silence for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings before the start of an NHL hockey game in Boston against the Buffalo Sabres on Wednesday, April 17. It was the first sporting event held in the city since the bombings.', 'A man places a message for the victims of the Boston bombings at a memorial site in Boston on April 17.', 'Prior to an April 17 service at Marsh Chapel on the Boston University campus, members of the clergy walk past a memorial for graduate student Lu Lingzi, who was identified as the third person killed in the terror attack. Previously identified were Krystle Campbell, 29, of Arlington, Massachusetts, and Martin Richard, 8, of Dorchester, Massachusetts.', 'Danielle Cerroni writes a chalk message on the street on April 17 at the scene of the explosions near the finish line of the Boston Marathon.', 'Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano observes a moment of silence for victims of the Boston bombing during a hearing before the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on April 17.', 'A man and woman leave after visiting the makeshift memorial on Boylston Street on April 17.', 'A mother and daughter hold one another during a vigil in memory of 8-year-old Martin Richard of Dorchester at Garvey Park in Boston on Tuesday, April 16. ', 'A crowd holding candles gathers during a vigil on April 16 at Garvey Park in Boston for 8-year-old Martin Richard of Dorchester, who was killed in the marathon bombing. ', 'People gather in Boston Common on April 16 for a candlelight vigil for victims of the bombings in Boston.', 'Emerson College students embrace one another at the vigil on Boston Common on April 16.', 'Attendees hold candles in honor of the victims at an interfaith service at Arlington Street Church in Boston on April 16.', 'A woman uses her hand to keep wind from her candle as she stands with others around the pond in the Boston Public Gardens after a candlelight interfaith service at Arlington Street Church on April 16.', 'Mourners gather on the edge of the pond in the Boston Public Gardens for a candlelight vigil on April 16.', 'Students from the Clifden Academy hold an American flag and candles during a vigil on April 16 in Dorcester, Massachusetts, in honor of 8-year-old Martin Richard, who was killed in the bombings.', "People walk along the barricade at Boylston Street on April 16, following yesterday's bomb attack on the Boston Marathon.", "On the shared porch of their home in Medford, Massachusetts, on April 16, Colleen Howe, left, and Lisa O'Leary grieve for their neighbor, Patty Campbell, who lost her daughter Krystle Campbell in the bombings.", 'Nicole Rand, left, who ran the marathon, embraces with her mother, Maureen Joham, on April 16 as she recounts her experience in Boston.', 'Attendees of the vigil sign a large poster in honor of the victims of the bombing on April 16.', 'Mourners hug one another during a vigil for victims of the Boston Marathon bombings at Boston Common', 'A man carries balloons, flowers and flags to a memorial for victims on April 16, just blocks from the scene of the bombings.', 'American flags hang from a barrier on April 16 at a roadblock staffed by National Guard soldiers at the end of Boylston Street near the site of the bombings in Boston.', 'Mike Vitale, who lives in the Boston area, prays beside a makeshift memorial at a roadblock at the end of Boylston Street.', 'Emerson College students Rachel Ferullo, left, and Kathryn Waxman at a vigil on Boston Common for victims of the bombings.', 'Runners Judy Adler, left, and her daughter, Rachel Schapiro, embrace during a moment of silence at the Baptist Health South Florida Brickell Run Club event organized on April 16 in Miami in honor of victims of the Boston Marathon bombings. ', 'Five-time Boston Marathon runner Jose Sotolongo, center, reacts during a moment of silence at the Baptist Health South Florida Brickell Run Club event in Miami on April 16.', 'The New York Islanders and Florida Panthers stand for a moment of silence for the bombings at the Boston Marathon before their game at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum on April 16 in Uniondale, New York.', 'Members of the Boston Red Sox observe a moment of silence before their game against the Cleveland Indians on April 16 in Cleveland. ', 'People walk Boylston Street where memorials have been set up to the corner of Berkeley after the barricades were moved back on April 16.', 'A woman prays at a security gate near the scene of the bomb attack where visitors have congregated on April 16. See the aftermath in Boston.', 'From left, Boston Marathon runners Tammy Snyder, Diane Deigmann and Lisa Kresky-Griffin embrace at the barricaded entrance to Boylston Street near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 16. ', 'Two young girls leave flowers on the steps outside the home of 8-year-old Martin Richards, who was killed in one of the explosions at the marathon. ', 'Several former Heisman Trophy winners, including former Saints running back George Rogers, right, observe a moment of silence for the bombing victims Tuesday before working on a Habitat for Humanity home in New Orleans.', 'Traders observe a moment of silence on Tuesday before the opening bell on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.', 'The flag above the White House flies at half staff on Tuesday, April 16 in Washington.', 'The Minnesota Twins stand during the national anthem before their game on Monday, April 15, in Minneapolis, following a moment of silence to honor the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings.', 'President Barack Obama makes a statement about the bombings in the White House briefing room on Monday.', 'Players and fans observe a moment of silence before the San Antonio Spurs and Golden State Warriors NBA game in Oakland, California, on Monday.', 'A U.S. flag flies at half staff at the Capitol on Monday after House Speaker John Boehner ordered flags to be lowered.', 'Fans pause for a moment of silence before the NHL game between the Phoenix Coyotes and the San Jose Sharks on Monday in Glendale, Arizona. See the world reaction to the attack.', 'Mark Trumbo of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim stands during the National Anthem following a moment of silence to honor the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing before the game against the Minnesota Twins on April 15, 2013 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. See all photography related to the Boston bombings.', 'NEW: "It\'s definitely seemed like a lot longer than 100 days," Marc Fucarile says', 'The attack killed three people; Fucarile was one of more than 260 people injured', "(CNN) -- It's been a long 100 days for Marc Fucarile, but he finally got to go home Wednesday.", "Fucarile is the last Boston Marathon bombing victim to be released from a hospital. He was discharged Wednesday morning from Boston's Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital.", '"It\'s definitely seemed like a lot longer than 100 days," Fucarile told reporters. He still faces additional surgeries, numerous follow-up appointments and hours of physical therapy daily.', 'The 34-year-old from the Boston suburb of Stoneham, Massachusetts, was one of more than 260 people who were wounded by two bombs near the marathon finish line on April 15. One of his legs was amputated, and he also had shrapnel lodged in his body.', 'He was surrounded by relatives and friends, his young son and his fiancee as he walked out of the hospital on crutches, looking forward to a home-cooked meal and a night with family.', '"At times I\'ve just wanted to check out, because I know how tough and hard it is for her or for him, not having me there," Fucarile said. "You know, when he leaves, when he comes and visits and he\'s crying about wanting me to come home, it\'s been hard. It\'s been very hard."', 'He underwent multiple surgeries, staying 45 days at Massachusetts General Hospital before transferring to Spaulding -- a post-operation and rehabilitation facility -- for 55 days.', 'In an earlier interview at Spaulding, Fucarile told CNN that in the frantic minutes after the attack, Boston police took him to a hospital in a detainee van because no ambulance was immediately available.', 'The bombings killed three people. One of two people accused of carrying out the attack, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, pleaded not guilty to federal charges and is awaiting trial. The other suspect, his brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev, was killed during a gun battle with police.', 'Fucarile admitted being angry about the attacks, but added, "I\'m more mad at what they did to the families that they took their children from.', '"I\'m more mad at that than at what happened to me," he said. "I\'m here. I\'m lucky to be alive." As for the bombers, "They\'ll get theirs."', 'Almost a year ago, 8-year-old Martin Richard wrote four simple words on a sign at school: No more hurting people.', "Mery Daniel couldn't wait for Marathon Monday. It was one of the things the aspiring doctor and Haitian immigrant loved most about living in Boston. ", 'Boston Marathon bombings suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faced more than two dozen survivors of that attack as he pleaded not guilty to killing four people and wounding more than 200.', "Inside their dark, barren home in Dagestan, Zubeidat and Anzor Tsarnaev finally hear the voice they've been longing to hear for weeks. ", 'Deceased suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev participated in a 2011 gruesome triple homicide outside Boston along with a Chechen killed during a confrontation with the FBI and Massachusetts State Police in Orlando, Florida.', "In the days after last month's Boston marathon bombings, the city was on edge. Residents were holed up in their homes, under strict orders not to leave.", 'Boston Marathon bombing victims were collateral damage in a strike meant as payback for U.S. wars in Muslim lands, the surviving suspect wrote in a message scribbled on the boat where he was found hiding.', 'What does Katherine Russell know? What might she have known, if anything, about his activities in the days and months preceding the April 15 bombings? ', 'After twin blasts shook Boston -- killing three and wounding more than 260 others -- investigators sprung into action looking for those responsible.', "One of the nation's foremost experts on keeping clients off death row is joining Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team. ", 'The black Mercedes SUV sped down Spruce Street going about 70 mph, the driver struggling to maintain control. The vehicle had a busted headlight and flat tire. ', 'Click through our galleries of the Boston Marathon bombing, from perspectives on the attack to the suspects, as well as the manhunt and celebrations in Boston after both suspects were found.']