['In 2012 in New York, there were just 414 homicides in a city of 8.2 million, the lowest number in more than half a century. ', 'The risk of injury death is more than 20% higher in the country than it is in urban areas', "You're much less likely to die from a gunshot wound than you are in a simple accident", "It was the underlying message of nearly every TV cop show and film thriller made through the 1980s and '90s: The city is dangerous, and you're lucky to get out alive.", "Many of America's cities have become much safer in the years since, for reasons that range from better policing to the slowdown of the crack epidemic of the 1980s to the removal of lead from the environment. Even in Philadelphia, where the economy is still struggling and population has never recovered from the urban flight of the 1970s and '80s, there were 329 murders in 2012, down significantly from the worst years a couple of decades ago.", 'Other cities have experienced even more astounding turnarounds: in New York, where I live now, there were just 414 homicides in a city of 8.2 million, the lowest number in more than half a century.', '"Perceptions have long existed that cities were innately more dangerous than areas outside of cities, but our study shows this is not the case," said the lead author, Dr. Sage R. Myers of the University of Pennsylvania and the Children\'s Hospital of Philadelphia in a statement. Far from being violent death traps, a large city might just about be the safest place to live in the United States.', "Now it's true that the risk of homicide is greater in big cities than it is in the countryside. But the study, which analyzed 1,295,919 deaths from injury between 1999 and 2006, found the rate of dying from an unintentional injury is over 15 times higher than that of homicide for the population as a whole.", "The study doesn't attempt to explain why injury death is more common in rural areas than large urban ones, but some of the statistics are telling.", "Motor-vehicle crashes led to 27.61 deaths per 100,000 people in most rural areas, and just 10.58 deaths per 100,000 people. Those are stark statistics, and they don't even take into account the cardiovascular benefits that may accrue to urbanites who spend more time walking than riding in cars. It's not for nothing that New Yorkers, who live in the densest urban area in the U.S., live about 2.2 years longer than the national average.", '&copy 2012 TIME, Inc. TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc.  Used with permission.']