['During a military press conference Monday, a journalist from the state news agency stood up and demanded Al-Jazeera reporters be excluded. The station\'s reporters walked out to chants of "Out! Out!" from others in the crowd. They also applauded repeatedly in reaction to the military spokesman\'s statements.', 'Earlier, security forces raided the offices of the local Al-Jazeera affiliate, detaining its staff briefly and holding its manager and chief engineer for several days. On Friday, Al-Jazeera reported that a correspondent and a three-member camera team were detained by the military while filming in the city of Suez and were being questioned.', 'A senior police official late last week also ordered The Associated Press to stop providing the station live television footage from Tahrir Square. The AP dispatched two executives to Cairo to protest the suppression. After a series of meetings with senior government officials, who stressed the shutdown was not official government policy, the AP live video service to Al-Jazeera was restored Wednesday.', 'In a statement, Al-Jazeera said it was being targeted by a "crackdown on information" and denied bias.', '"We\'ve always given all sides of opinion airtime on Al-Jazeera, it\'s our mantra," it said. "Large sections of the Egyptian media object to this open-minded ethos."', "Atlanta-based CNN has also come under criticism and its journalists have been harassed because many in the anti-Morsi camp accused it of a pro-Brotherhood bias after it called his ouster a coup. Protesters have carried signs against the network in Cairo's Tahrir Square.", '"What specifically brought attention to CNN is that we called this a coup early on," said Tony Maddox, director of CNN International. "Some people don\'t want it described as that, but I\'m afraid that is what it is and we will call it as we see it."', "Lina Atallah, editor-in-chief of a new online news site Mada Masr, said there was increased pressure on journalists to toe the line. She pointed to coverage of the protester killings on Monday, which repeated the military's version of the violence with few independent witness accounts.", '"What\'s scary about this time around in the media performance is that there is much more agenda-setting from above," she said.', 'Media emphasizing independent reporting struggle for funding in a landscape dominated by outlets owned by the state or by well-funded movements like the Islamists or by businessmen with an agenda.', 'Mada Masr is one attempt to create such an outlet, founded by a group of young journalists.', 'Publisher Hisham Kassem is attempting another, with his plans for a new independent daily, Al-Gomhouriya Al-Gadida, or the New Republic. He told AP he has to fend off offers from old regime sympathizers on one hand and Brotherhood members on the other to buy it up and use it as a platform for their views.', "During Mubarak's last years in power, Kassem helmed Al-Masry Al-Youm, one of the first independent papers that avoided the sycophancy of the state press and the unreliable shrillness of opposition party newspapers.", 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']