["You know it's -- now saying it's seeking clarification from Russia on the status.  -- NSA -- Edwards noted there's been some conflicting reports about his status this morning first we heard from Russia's state news agency.  That the man wanted in the United States for leaking secret surveillance programs -- the documents he needs to enter Russia legally.  Announced and his lawyer says he'll stay in the transit zone I've Moscow's airport at least for now.  Of course as you know -- and is wanted in the niceties and charges of espionage.  And after the government property ambassador John Bolton is a former US ambassador to the UN.  And a Fox News contributors ambassador Bolton what do you make of the timing of this.  Well I think what governs Putin's approach to Snowden from top to bottom.  Is whether he thinks he has gotten surreptitiously.  Or otherwise all of the information.  That -- -- with fame from Hong Kong in his laptop computers.  In documents in his luggage what he knows in his own head I think prudent once as much as -- as he can get and his calculus is.  Does he have it -- already.  That does he think he'll get more evidence he -- -- -- to the airport or does he have a deal together at once Snowden is safely in a third country Venezuela or wherever my big.  I think that is uppermost on his mind -- is a former KGB agent I think relations with the United States.  Obviously are important.  But I think what he really wants is the intelligence which he either has or knows he's not gonna get -- is still playing for I think that that is dominating -- think.  -- -- snow has been in that transit area for more than thirty days now the White House says -- seeking clarification again on these conflicting reports.  What are our options here -- pastor.  Well I think we've got one option I think we continue to insist -- -- we want snowed returned there's no extradition treaty between Russia and the United States.  But we've lifted his passport we've accused him of felonies.  We want him back this is really at one level very easy.  And if -- were concerned about relations with the United States is its primary objective he gives Snowden back in a heartbeat obviously he hasn't done that.  We've been playing blue smoke and mirrors for the last thirty days transit zones -- airports are not some international space he's in Russia.  He's under Russian control and he could be delivered if to the United States if that's what -- really wanted to do what about just going in getting him.  Well I don't think there's any chance that that's gonna happen because I think he is probably in whatever this -- -- in whatever transit lounges in her hotel.  Very very.  Well protected by Russian security officials so I don't think that's an option I think.  Making an unmistakably clear to prudent that we -- back and that Russia will pay a price should be paying a price frankly right now for not handing him over.  We're fascinated see that -- down by the -- Exactly what type of area -- he hanging out and right.  It would -- that we've looked at the -- you know -- c.'s relationship -- sending we're gonna talk about a little later on the show as well as how it's impacted our foreign policy.  In the Middle East specifically when it comes to Syria -- you see.  -- -- actions and the fact that he's in the airport and all this back and forth is taking place between our two countries -- -- see that affecting.  Our relationship if at all with Russia and some of their broader issues that we're facing.  Well I don't see any evidence that's -- it's affected the broader relationship yet I think that's part of the problem I think the fact that the Obama administration hasn't taken steps.  Steps that they should take regardless of -- -- which this.  This little drama were engaged in it gives them a pretext to what to launch.  Is one reason why he's been in that that airport for for -- month now the Russians do not feel under pressure.  And if you take the Syrian situation is an example.  They have a fundamentally different view of the outcome they want to see in Syria then the and then the Obama administration has had the Russians want.  The aside regime to stay in power that's been their view for the last.  Two and a half years and the Obama administration apparently still hasn't figured that out yet.  We -- ever for today that Russia wants to gain.  -- its attempts to talk to Iran yet again on their nuclear program in the next few weeks sexist topic for another day -- wait on that.  I'm sure ambassador let me -- it -- we have some breaking news about.  The president today and announcing that yes indeed.  On the -- -- in these F sixteen fighter jets to Egypt there's Ford -- This was part of the deal that we've had with each of as far as military -- has been going on for years but now we're getting news.  From the Pentagon spokesmen that the president is national security team have decided to delay delivery.  These planes what do you think about that what's the significance.  Well it's hard to say what's going through the Obama administration's mind since they took statute and tried this -- -- their way around it may be now they're finding trouble doing that.  I think the policy ought to be clear I think we ought to continue military assistance.  To the government of Egypt to the military -- Egypt I think that gives the United States leverage on points.  That are critically important -- maintaining the Camp David peace accord with Israel keeping the Suez Canal open and traffic flowing through it.  I think this set back and forth on and off I can't make up my mind added to the present displays on military assistance.  Isn't wedding this any friends it's minimizing our leverage -- showing a lack of attention and a lack of strategic thinking.  Ambassador Bolton thank you.  Thank you -- "]