['These peppers look tough now. But they\'d probably quake in fear of the Infinity pepper, in the "world\'s hottest curry."', '"Apparently This Matters" is CNN Tech\'s weekly, offbeat look at what\'s trending online', 'Editor\'s note: Each week in "Apparently This Matters," CNN\'s Jarrett Bellini applies his warped sensibilities to trending topics in social media and random items of interest on the interwebs.', "(CNN) -- There's a great dive bar in my neighborhood called Jack's where they oven-bake the chicken wings. And they're absolutely amazing. I'm not saying I've had semi-inappropriate fantasies about them. But I'm also not denying it.", "But it's worth noting that, despite my undying love for these wings, I'm actually a complete coward when it comes to sauce.", 'I always get teriyaki. Spicy foods have never really been my thing. Unlike some of my friends who, in a pinch, would happily use Texas Pete for contact lens solution.', 'So, I could only sit in horror as I read a trending story from England this week about the first person to finish the "world\'s hottest curry." And, sadly, we can only assume this brave hero also sat in horror several hours later when he realized that the world\'s hottest curry wanted out.', 'Nevertheless, Dr. Ian Rothwell proudly became the first of more than 300 people to conquer Bindi restaurant\'s famous dish, "The Widower." A name that, apparently, had a slightly more menacing ring to it than "The Care Bear."', '"Apparently This Matters" Is Jarrett Bellini\'s weekly (and somewhat random) look at social-media trends.', 'Bindi restaurant, in the English East Midlands town of Grantham, has been serving the Widower since 2010. The recipe, which is openly shared online, has become a popular Web search as curry enthusiasts around the world clamor for new and interesting ways to make one of the most delicious and wonderful foods on the planet completely inedible.', "Specifically, the main driving force behind the Widower's heat is 20 Infinity chilis, which were developed by a Grantham man named Nick Woods who grew the record-breaking strain completely by accident.", "Bindi restaurant's managing director and executive chef, Muhammed Karim, took those accidental chilis, combined them with other peppers and extracts, and created what he believes is the world's hottest curry. I'll never know because I still value the functioning ability of my esophagus. It's where pudding goes.", "Amazingly, just cooking the storied dish requires gloves, goggles and a gas mask. Which, generally speaking, is a sure sign that whatever you're doing in the kitchen is less safe than, say, heating up a Lean Pocket.", 'And so, hundreds of people have tried to finish off the Widower. But up until just the other day, nobody had ever made it to the end. And only a few have lasted past four or five mouthfuls, most opting instead to vomit, cry and rethink their overall purpose in life.', "Though Rothwell amazingly finished the entire dish in just over an hour, it wasn't easy. In fact, it was probably downright reckless.", 'Armed only with a bottle of beer, he bravely made it halfway through the meal before excusing himself for a short walk. Not so much because it was a particularly nice day but because he actually began hallucinating. About 10 minutes later, his wife found him wandering up Grantham High Street, presumably having a rather nefarious conversation with own hand.', "Eventually, with tears running from his eyes, Rothwell downed the very last bite of the world's hottest curry. Or so the restaurant still claims. It's all rather unofficial.", 'However, what is official is the actual hottest chili pepper. According to Guinness World Records, that honor was most recently set in March 2011 by the Trinidad Scorpion "Butch T" pepper from Australia.', "I Googled this thing, and it looks pretty damn mean. If ever there was a fruit capable of having sex with your sister and kicking your dog, it's the Trinidad Scorpion.", 'The previously mentioned Infinity chili -- used in the Widower -- earned the highly coveted record a year earlier in March 2010 but was ousted only a few months later by the Naga Viper chili, also grown in the UK. They remain third and second, respectively.', "So, that's the story of the man who conquered the world's hottest curry. Surely, everybody knows someone right now who would gladly accept the challenge. And they would all likely fail. For it takes a true warrior to step up and face the Widower.", "At home I drink from the tap. Not so much because I particularly love the taste, but because the automatic water dispenser on my fridge doesn't work.", "Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos. ", "I've always found amusement parks very unamusing, for it's hard to justify standing in a hot, 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro. ", 'One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'George Carlin once said, "I don\'t automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom. You know when I wash my hands? When I s**t on them." ', "A lot of people don't know this, but for every 30 minutes of legitimate work, all employees must be allowed one full hour of Internet cat videos.", "I've been camping countless times in the forest -- as one does -- and without fail, there's always plenty of wood just lying around.", 'There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", '"Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'Abraham Lincoln once said, "In life, what counts is the size of a man\'s heart, not the size of his disproportionate willie."', 'Sometimes pet tortoises vanish for 30 years and end up in a box of records. Still alive. Or they live with San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks.']