['organization and insists such a move would not necessarily destabilize Lebanon and its neighbors. British  Foreign Secretary William Hague  said Monday that "the great majority" of the 28 EU member states supported the plans and hoped for the ', 'fighters with chemical warfare protection, including escape hoods, drugs and chemical detector paper. British  Foreign Secretary William Hague  told Parliament Tuesday that roughly 655,000 pounds (nearly $1 million) worth of equipment would be ', 'treat poisoning] in the U.K., and the U.S. It\'s the recognized antidote." "The British Foreign Security  William Hague  mentioned in the House of Commons on Monday that they had very strong evidence that chemical weapons were being used ', 'Malala Yousufzai: Pakistani Girl, Nearly Killed by Taliban, Rushed to UK for Treatment', 'attack on Malala Yousufzai and her school friends shocked Pakistan and the world," a statement from British  foreign secretary William Hague  said. "The public revulsion and condemnation of this cowardly attack shows that the people of Pakistan ', 'father-of-three from Ugine en Savoie, also suffered gunshot wounds and was found dead close to the car. British  Foreign Secretary William Hague  tweeted, "Terrible, tragic shooting in France. British Embassy team on the scene. Our thoughts are with ', 'apartment in Knightsbridge, by force. British  foreign minister William Hague  has denied that the U.K. has issued any threat to storm the embassy. This week,  Hague  said that "given Ecuador\'s position on what ', "in their pockets and residents have taken to padlocking their property. -THE DIPLOMACY...The UK's  Foreign Secretary William Hague  has taken to The Times of London op-ed page to say the UK will offer the Free Syrian Army $7.8 million ", 'trip by following @hollybdc on Twitter] Afterwards, Romney toured a local art exhibition with British  Foreign Secretary William Hague , where the two Syria and other foreign hot spots--as well as "their mutual love of Kit Kat bars ', 'Earlier he sat down with former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, current Labour Party Leader Ed Miliband,  Foreign Secretary William Hague , Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and he will also meet with Prime Minister David Cameron and Chancellor ', 'current Labour Party Leader Ed Miliband,  Foreign Secretary William Hague , Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and he Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne,  Foreign Secretary William Hague , Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and Labour ', 'with British officials, including Prime Minister David Cameron, Chancellor of Exchequer George Osborne and  foreign Secretary William Hague . He will also meet with the leader of the opposition Labor Party, Ed Milliband, Deputy Prime Minister ', 'the location of the Libyan leader nor have we expended any military effort day in that regard. But British  foreign secretary William Hague  refused to rule out Qaddafi as a target telling the BBC. That depends on the circumstances at the time ', 'have we expended any military effort day in that regard. But British foreign secretary William Hague refused to rule out Qaddafi as a target telling the BBC. That depends on the circumstances at the time. Just one of ', 'David Cameron. Nicholas Clegg the head of the the liberal Democrat party who is now the deputy prime minister and  William Hague  the new foreign minister all have in the last year said things about the quote unquote special relationship to suggest ', 'the liberal Democrat party who is now the deputy prime minister and William Hague the new foreign minister all have in the last year said things about the quote unquote special relationship to suggest. That perhaps ']