['pornography on the Internet, British  Prime Minister David Cameron  has announced a series of new responsibility to our children,"  Cameron  said in a speech given in London a job for the government,"  Cameron  said. "The Internet service ', 'British  Prime Minister David Cameron  says he wants Internet service providers to automatically block access to pornography sites unless customers opt in.  Cameron  is proposing the move as part of measures to stop extreme sexual ', 'first major, he\'s dined with  Prime Minister David Cameron , signed hundreds of autographs was one of the first things  Cameron  mentioned when he sat down with won the United States Open,"  Cameron  needled his golf-loving fellow ', "Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault are the second leg in a European tour for the Myanmar president. He met British  Prime Minister David Cameron  earlier this week. France and other Western nations imposed sanctions on Myanmar's previous military junta ", 'remaining prisoners home. British  Prime Minister David Cameron  personally pressed Obama at the the battlefield. In London,  Cameron  said he discussed the fate of respect to this individual,"  Cameron  said. Aamer is a Saudi native ', "revelation on the G20 came just hours before the United Kingdom began the smaller G8 summit Monday. England's  Prime Minister ,  David Cameron , and President Obama both spoke before reporters today at the G8 but did not address The Guardian's allegations ", "ws/17Q9oMs TODAY'S AGENDA: President Obama began a series of meeting with foreign leaders today with  Prime Minister David Cameron . He plans to deliver a statement to the media following a meeting with European Union Leaders on the Transatlantic ", 'to him and then ask him what he wanted." British  Prime Minister David Cameron  today praised Loyau-Kennett by name as he spoke going to lose. It is only you against many,\'"  Cameron  said. "She spoke for us all." Loyau-Kennett ', "we've heard are. The British  prime minister David Cameron  from the queen who said that she's and gave birth at around 4:30  PM  yesterday after ten hours in labor The new friends Intel. 8:30  PM  four hours later so we can imagine ", "their side really the -- comments that we've heard are. The British prime minister David Cameron from the queen who said that she's delighted. And from Prince Charles the father. Of Prince William so we haven't heard much from. From the militants it's unclear when they might visits. If they do whether it would be at the hospital or at Kensington Palace. But what's interesting about the way this all happened yesterday. The prince rather the duchess of Cambridge and gave birth at around 4:30 PM yesterday after ten hours in labor and we didn't find out about. The new friends Intel. 8:30 PM four hours later so we can imagine that during that time not only -- -- duke -- -- Getting to know. Newborn ", "Cambridge was safely delivered of a sign. At 4:24.  PM  the baby weighs eight pounds six ounces the duke everyone is responding now to the great news the  prime minister David Cameron  tweeting I'm delighted for the duke and duchess ", "and of course everyone is responding now to the great news the prime minister David Cameron tweeting -- I'm delighted for the duke and duchess now -- son has been boy in the whole country will celebrate. They'll ", "special report British  prime minister David Cameron  is in Washington DC this talk a little bit about  prime minister David Cameron  and the scrutiny he also side. Strong leadership  prime minister David Cameron . I think you're much ", "-- New York with an ABC news -- digital special report British prime minister David Cameron is in Washington DC this morning. Meeting with President Obama both men. We'll be speaking shortly at a joint news conference can ", "who -- speaking this morning let's. Let's talk a little bit about prime minister David Cameron and the scrutiny he also faces at home -- his party wants a referendum to leave the European Union. But he wants ", "united saint. And how involved do you get in that process and prime minister David Cameron recently met with Russian president Vladimir Putin and he thinks it's possible in peace conference. When might help to trying to end ", 'everyone on a hair trigger, even british lawmakers.  Prime minister david cameron  handed a slip of paper during a meeting today. Hush No, there was a big cricket match underway. And  cameron  just asked to see the score. And did you know that ', 'royal baby watch has everyone on a hair trigger, even british lawmakers. Prime minister david cameron handed a slip of paper during a meeting today. Hush fell over the room. Everyone thought it was baby news. No, there was a big cricket match underway. And cameron just asked to see the score. And did you know that prince william will be the first royal dad to take paternity ', 'through Europe. Mr. Obama met with British  prime minister David Cameron  this morning to discuss the ongoing war in present President Obama was standing next to  prime minister David Cameron  when He said that of course the United Kingdom ', 'six day four country trip through Europe. Mr. Obama met with British prime minister David Cameron this morning to discuss the ongoing war in Afghanistan. The crisis and Libya and economic growth. Moments ago the two leaders held ', 'this country. -- Now present -- President Obama was standing next to prime minister David Cameron when He said that of course the United Kingdom and France have both said that they need to invest more -- have ', "Rowling offering a reward -- to the pope's blessing madeleine's picture. Finally, persuading the british  prime minister ,  david cameron , to open a multimillion dollar review of her case, leading to an official investigation by scotland yard ", "reward -- to the pope's blessing madeleine's picture. Finally, persuading the british prime minister , david cameron , to open a multimillion dollar review of her case, leading to an official investigation by scotland yard. That's the most significant and "]