['employees by text message or email and found few. In 2012, according to the New York Post , Jack Osbourne (son of Ozzie and  Sharon ) was fired via email by the producers of a pending reality TV series two days before he was to report for work on it (and ', 'Cosmopolitan With her trademark candor, Osbourne also opened up about the recent admission from her famous father,  Ozzy Osbourne  , that he had fallen off the wagon. "I love and respect that he\'s honest enough to say, \'Yes, I did this. It was ', 'It was  Sharon Osbourne  \'s turn to address and her husband  Ozzy Osbourne  . "Everything distorted," " The Talk " co-host said Read More About  Ozzy Osbourne \'s Facebook splitting up,  Sharon Osbourne , 60, said ', "so hasn't been easy for Ozzy and  Sharon Osbourne : last spring, their son Jack was sclerosis. A few months later,  Sharon  revealed that she'd had a double also addressed rumors that he and  Sharon , 60, his wife of three decades ", "so hasn't been easy for Ozzy and  Sharon Osbourne : last spring, their son Jack was sclerosis . A few months later,  Sharon  revealed that she'd had a double also addressed rumors that he and  Sharon , 60, his wife of three decades ", 'her sons, a stray dog, and  Sharon Osbourne . \'I Was Very Numb. I Couldn\'t bowel to fight it. In 2003,  Sharon Osbourne  -- badgered by her husband Ozzy good bash," she says. "If  Sharon Osbourne  can fight it, I can fight it ', 'she discusses and comments on celebrity fashion. Osbourne is the daughter of British rocker  Ozzy Osbourne  and " The Talk " co-host  Sharon Osbourne . She has also appeared on "Dancing With the Stars." RELATED: Kelly Osbourne Hospitalized ', "audience, as well as the show's crew members. Kelly Osbourne is the daughter of heavy metal vocalist  Ozzy Osbourne  and talk show host  Sharon Osbourne  , and the sister of Jack Osbourne. Last year, Jack Osbourne was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis ", 'act. Klum will work alongside new judge and singer Mel B as well as judges Howie Mandel and Howard Stern. RELATED:  Sharon Osbourne  Reportedly Quits \'America\'s Got Talent\' Over Son\'s Firing "As we look to develop an act that will get the world\'s ', 'premieres of the final "Twilight" installment. Jack Osbourne Jack Osbourne , the son of rocker Ozzy and " The Talk " co-host  Sharon Osbourne , revealed in June that he was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis earlier this spring. Osbourne told People ', 'prophylactic mastectomy has been piqued by well-publicized announcements by celebrities. Television talk-show host  Sharon Osbourne  said she underwent a double prophylactic mastectomy because of increased genetic risk. Osbourne also has been treated ', 'Merritt/Getty Images  Sharon Osbourne  underwent a double mastectomy Black Sabbath front man  Ozzy Osbourne , was not diagnosed not in my favor\',"  Sharon  told the magazine remission, she founded the  Sharon Osbourne  Colon Cancer Program ', "family members in Hawaii. RELATED: Jack Osbourne Diagnosed With Multiple Sclerosis Osbourne's parents, Ozzy and  Sharon Osbourne , were among the guests, and sister Kelly was a bridesmaid. Osbourne, 26, who has a 5-month-old daughter ", 'Are ozzy and  sharon osbourne  calling it quits Reporter:  Ozzy osbourne  has been open rumors this week  the osbournes  are separating moving on.  Sharon  was spotted moving reached out to  the osbournes  for comment but ', "don't do it and you don't mess in this these men that's the lesson we learned yesterday are on  the talk  that he was on there told  Sharon  out more Monaco's in the show. Hey Ozzy got had a thing and what I mean currently got to take a look ", "in this these men that's the lesson we learned yesterday are on the talk -- -- that he was on there told Sharon out more Monaco's in the show. Hey -- Ozzy got had a thing and -- -- what I mean currently got -- ", 'sclerosis MS. And now his mother  Sharon  spoke out breaking down as you that story. Com a heartbroken  Sharon Osbourne  show back sobs as she spoke for the first time Monday on  the talk  about her son Jack is devastated ', "he has been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis MS. And now his mother Sharon spoke out breaking down as you -- in tears on her talk show. Even telling polo magazine. That she feels like -- somehow her fault questioning if she did something wrong when she was pregnant. ABC's Amy -- -- has that story. Com a heartbroken Sharon Osbourne show back sobs as she spoke for the first time Monday on the talk about her son Jack is devastated -- diagnosis he's great he's doing really really good. And I -- and -- want. All ", 'Sharon Osbourne , NBC Spat Intensifies, "AGT" Host Says Network Fired Son Jack Over MS Diagnosis', "Sharon  Osborne America's his mom about it on  the talk . Unfortunately if Osborne's mother  Sharon  is joining her son's Fantastic and now  Sharon  says the final straw haunted. Meantime  Sharon Osbourne  is still under contract ", "NBC stars earned stripes. Even talking with his mom about it on the talk . Unfortunately if the company to hide me. Didn't think I could actually perform the job and out of everything that's well that's well beaten -- take me off the most because it's like. Don't tell me what I can and cannot do. But now Osborne's mother Sharon is joining her son's battle telling the New York Post she's quitting her job as a judge on NBC's America's Got Talent because she says -- the network fired her son. Fantastic and now Sharon says the final straw came after executives sent an email saying they were booting Jack from the new boot camp -- -- because of his multiple sclerosis. Sharon tells the post I just can't be fake it's discrimination. And it was badly handled. It's time to move on -- but ", 'latest on  sharon  and  ozzy osbourne  and whether marriage.  Sharon  speaking out high on " the talk ," as  sharon osbourne  revealed intimate time, since  ozzy osbourne  took to facebook difficult time for  the osbournes . With  sharon \'s ', 'And we have the latest on sharon and ozzy osbourne and whether they are really calling it quits after more than 30 years of marriage. Sharon speaking out to set the record straight, sharing emotional family details about what\'s really going on at home and how she\'s holding up right now. Am I happy? No. Am I upset? Yes, I am. I\'m devastated right now. Reporter: Emotions ran high on " the talk ," as sharon osbourne revealed intimate details about her husband\'s ongoing battle with addiction. I never knew he was using prescription drugs. Reporter: Setting the record straight for the first time, since ozzy osbourne took to facebook last week, admitting he had fallen off the wagon. He wrote, I would like to apologize to sharon , my family, my friends, for my insane behavior during this period. It\'s a disease that hurts the person that has the disease. But its hurts the family. Reporter: And while their relationship has been rocky, sharon shut down rumors that the couple is splitting. We\'re not getting divorced. Reporter: And this is not the first time the hollywood couple has faced tough times. Both of their kids, kelly and jack, have struggled with their own addictions. Recently, more issues. Jack\'s m.S. Diagnosis. Sharon\'s bubble mastectomy. It was my decision. And I\'m happy with my decision. I\'m fine. It\'s no surprise that it\'s been a very difficult time for the osbournes . With sharon\'s own health issues, her son\'s and her daughter\'s. And ozzy has been watching all of this. Reporter: Sharon told her co-hosts, her family will get through this tough time. And in true osbourne style, she couldn\'t miss a chance to ', 'that place but I understand it now and my mother does too. Her mother,  sharon , recently talked about her heartache after lettering of his relapse in april on " the talk ." I\'m devastated right now. Reporter: But kelly k what is her dad ', 'but I understand it now and my mother does too. Her mother, sharon , recently talked about her heartache after lettering of his relapse in april on " the talk ." I\'m devastated right now. Reporter: But kelly k what is her dad is going through because she too has struggled with her ', 'Back now at 7:43 with the stunning revelation from  sharon osbourne , the matriarch of the osborne family making a difficult all in goodwill. Love it. Reporter: But now it\'s  sharon osbourne \'s turn to lean on her family, revealing to "hello ', 'Back now at 7:43 with the stunning revelation from sharon osbourne , the matriarch of the osborne family making a difficult life-changing decision after she learned she has the breast cancer gene. Abc\'s lindsay davis has the story. Reporter: She was there for her son when he announced his battle with m.S. He\'s great. He\'s doing really, really good. And I want to thank everyone all in goodwill. Love it. Reporter: But now it\'s sharon osbourne\'s turn to lean on her family, revealing to "hello" magazine that after discovering she had the gene for breast cancer, she made ']