['calling King out by name. Boehner said the Iowa Republican\'s comments don\'t reflect the values of the American people or  the GOP . King told a conservative news website that with respect to immigrants brought illegally to the U.S. as kids, "for ', "that would tie federal educational loans' interest rates to the market, and in a seemingly miraculous turn of events,  the GOP -led House is set to approve the proposal, as well. What would that mean for students? Undergraduates who take out ", "http://bit.ly/13EzQFB IN THE NOTE'S INBOX -FLORIDA REPUBLICANS WELCOME OBAMA TO THE SUNSHINE STATE. The  Republican Party  of Florida is running a full-page ad in today's Florida Times-Union, welcoming President Obama to Florida. According ", 'many state  GOP  parties face of war over  the GOP \'s future questions about  the GOP \'s ability disharmony in the  Republican Party ," newly elected The Alaska  Republican Party  is on its third members of  the GOP \'s libertarian ', "Republican primary Wednesday morning at an event at the Kentucky State Capitol building, kicking off an unlikely bid to become  the GOP  nominee. Bevin and McConnell wasted no time trading attacks on the state's television airwaves. Bevin began his campaign ", 'the last five years. A small group of  GOP  lawmakers was expected to meet Wednesday pass a food stamp bill came after House  GOP  leaders stripped the feeding programs from a cut for the more moderate members of  the GOP  caucus. Regardless of the approach, any ', 'nothing affirmative to address the problem." Even should the Democratic-controlled Senate vote to close Guantanamo,  the GOP -led House of Representatives wants the prison kept open. The House voted 247 to 175 Tuesday to reject an amendment that ', 'King\'s remarks threaten  the GOP \'s so-called "re-branding this is evidence that the  Republican Party  hasn\'t truly changed Latino adults would blame  the GOP  if immigration does not help the perception of  the GOP  on immigration. So as ', "careful targeting of Hispanic voters through a media campaign that was largely off the radar, Alter writes. He recounts  the GOP  struggles such as the Republican National Convention with its messaging problems and the unauthorized video of Mitt Romney's ", 'summer." http://abcn.ws/15eif76  GOP  CONGRESSMAN SAYS SOME DREAMERS ARE DRUG outspoken critics of immigration in the  Republican Party , said undocumented immigrants who came party supporters and his advocacy for  GOP  causes as he struggles to repair his image ', 'Pfeiffer posted this morning criticizing  the GOP  controlled committee for considering newspaper editorial and characterized  the GOP  immigration plan as "cruel hypocrisy Opinion nails the cruel hypocrisy of  the GOP  immigration plan: allow some kids ', 'version that gave sweeping powers to a single person to overhaul financially distressed communities. The new law, passed by  the GOP -controlled Legislature, gives local governments and ailing school districts the opportunity to choose their own remedy ', 'security elsewhere," Dempsey wrote. Last week, McCain and Dempsey tangled at the Army general\'s confirmation hearing.  The GOP  lawmaker said he would block Dempsey\'s nomination until he got an adequate response from the senior military official ', "of the public's priorities for congress earlier this year that doesn't mean immigration reform is a relevant. The  Republican Party  through branding effort hangs in the balance not to mention the fate of eleven million people. I'm Jordan Fabian for ", "earlier this year that doesn't mean immigration reform is a relevant. The Republican Party through branding effort hangs in the balance not to mention the fate of eleven million -- -- people. I'm Jordan Fabian for ", "she's big on potholes in Wyoming I don't think this is about the people Wyoming. I don't think she's about the  Republican Party  that much because he's gonna get a net zero increase Republicans if she wins. I think you run for president. I think ", "this is about the people Wyoming. I don't think she's about the Republican Party that much because he's gonna get a net zero increase Republicans if she wins. I think you run for president. I think ", "don't think she's big on potholes in wyoming, I don't think this is about the people of wyoming and not about the  republican party  that much. She's going to get a net zero increase in republicans. She's running for president. This is the cheney ", "think this is about the people of wyoming and not about the republican party that much. She's going to get a net zero increase in republicans. She's running for president. This is the cheney brand. She's ", "she's big on potholes in Wyoming I don't think this is about the people Wyoming. I don't think she's about the  Republican Party  that much because gonna get a net zero increase Republicans if she wins. I think you're running for president. I think ", "have But I am my concern is this is why I think people came to me. Is that right now no presidential contender in the  Republican party 's talking seriously about national defense. We have people like Rand Paul whose main concerns seems be the some guys ", "came to me. Is that right now no presidential contender in the Republican party's talking seriously about national defense. We have people like Rand Paul whose main concerns seems -- be the some guys sitting at ", 'klobuchar, and from the house, congresswoman karen bass,  gop  leadership team. Welcome to all of you. I want to talk about ruled by a small minority within the congress. Within the  republican party  you have 60 or so people who are to the extreme right and ', "shouldn't be ruled by a small minority within the congress. Within the republican party you have 60 or so people who are to the extreme right and lead the day. I'm afraid you started another debate. ", 'We know the central question. Speaker boehner, does he want to go against the conference for the greater good of the  republican party  and the policy interest and ultimately sacrifice his speakership on this? There are a lot of issues that you can foresee ', 'want to go against the conference for the greater good of the republican party and the policy interest and ultimately sacrifice his speakership on this? There are a lot of issues that you can foresee him ']