["Fusion's Jordan Fabian breaks down the importance of August when it comes to immigration.", "she's big on potholes in Wyoming I don't think this is about the people Wyoming. I don't think she's about the  Republican Party  that much because he's gonna get a net zero increase Republicans if she wins. I think you run for president. I think ", "this is about the people Wyoming. I don't think she's about the Republican Party that much because he's gonna get a net zero increase Republicans if she wins. I think you run for president. I think ", "don't think she's big on potholes in wyoming, I don't think this is about the people of wyoming and not about the  republican party  that much. She's going to get a net zero increase in republicans. She's running for president. This is the cheney ", "think this is about the people of wyoming and not about the republican party that much. She's going to get a net zero increase in republicans. She's running for president. This is the cheney brand. She's ", "she's big on potholes in Wyoming I don't think this is about the people Wyoming. I don't think she's about the  Republican Party  that much because gonna get a net zero increase Republicans if she wins. I think you're running for president. I think ", "have But I am my concern is this is why I think people came to me. Is that right now no presidential contender in the  Republican party 's talking seriously about national defense. We have people like Rand Paul whose main concerns seems be the some guys ", "came to me. Is that right now no presidential contender in the Republican party's talking seriously about national defense. We have people like Rand Paul whose main concerns seems -- be the some guys sitting at ", 'klobuchar, and from the house, congresswoman karen bass,  gop  leadership team. Welcome to all of you. I want to talk about ruled by a small minority within the congress. Within the  republican party  you have 60 or so people who are to the extreme right and ', "shouldn't be ruled by a small minority within the congress. Within the republican party you have 60 or so people who are to the extreme right and lead the day. I'm afraid you started another debate. ", 'We know the central question. Speaker boehner, does he want to go against the conference for the greater good of the  republican party  and the policy interest and ultimately sacrifice his speakership on this? There are a lot of issues that you can foresee ', 'want to go against the conference for the greater good of the republican party and the policy interest and ultimately sacrifice his speakership on this? There are a lot of issues that you can foresee him ', "to pass. Is the party going to be hurt if they let this go? The reason to pass immigration reform is not to bolster a  republican party , it's to fix a system that's broken. Good policy yields good politics as far as I'm concerned. Your former spokesperson ", "go? The reason to pass immigration reform is not to bolster a republican party , it's to fix a system that's broken. Good policy yields good politics as far as I'm concerned. Your former spokesperson said when ", "about that because obviously gridlock in DC has unfortunately become synonymous CE is this a way that the kind of rally  the GOP  to say look. Smaller government often seems to be what you're pushing for. Let's work on this together. That's ", "become synonymous CE is this a way that the kind of rally the GOP to say look. Smaller government often -- seems to be what you're pushing for. Let's work on this together. That's exactly right ", "funeral rushing for governor  GOP GOP  is short for  grand old party  the  Republican party 's nickname since the eighteen hundreds. Rossi is using  GOP  in his campaign ads. And Well most survey known as  the GOP  means Republicans in fact ", "Dino Rossi. Who has decided to run for governor under the label GOP . Instead of Republican. Paid for my funeral rushing for governor GOP GOP is short for grand old party the Republican party's nickname since the eighteen hundreds. Rossi is using GOP in his campaign ads. And even on the ballot. Critics say what you're trying to do is dodge. An association with a ", "clearly hiding. From the label of Republican. Well most survey known as the GOP means Republicans in fact one poll found 25%. Of people here including 18% of Republicans. Didn't know what GOP neat. You know there's a difference between the Republican Party and the GOP . That's a good question actually don't know us. Republicans across the country are distancing themselves from a party weighed down by an unpopular president. Carolina Oregon Republican senator Gordon Smith is running ads linking himself to Obama Barack Obama. Whatever Dino Rossi is motives many believe using GOP instead of Republican could give him an edge. We what is expected to be another tight race something. Dan Harris ABC news ", 'because they define this modern  republican party . There are others to replace so much of the energy in the  republican party  is. What we need is the more house for the growth wing of  the gop . Karl? The unions and the chamber ', "palins of the world on the scene because they define this modern republican party . There are others to replace her. Ted cruz and others to fill the bill. That's where so much of the energy in the republican party is. What we need is the more common-sense, mainstream republicans. You're seeing some in the senate. On immigration. And the deficit and the economy, of rise up here. That's been a very insidious problem for the last two or three years, where the energy is with the bachmanns of the world. And people are afraid in the republican party to step out. You see marco rubio as a reasonable mainstream republican? About immigration. Relative to the tea party. Creating some fascinating ", "to get it in the house. No question. There's tension in the republican party on immigration. People leaders. Paul ryan, for example, marco rubio, who say, we need to do this for the economy. We need ", "in need of innovation. There's a lot of that feeling in the republican party , where they articulated or not. I think christie's in a strong position to be the republican nominee. See if karl rove agrees ", 'enough people in the  republican party  who recognize how or 2016. The house  gop  for the sake of party leading figure in the  republican party  which was a disaster be shifting in the  republican party , especially on the ', "predict what's going to happen. But there are enough people in the republican party who recognize how important it is for them and the nation. I feel really confident, but not overly so that we can ", "to elected officials, it won't hurt in 2014 or 2016. The house gop for the sake of party and country should say no. No capitulation, no comprehensive bill, no compromise. I wouldn't be taking his advice from bill crystal who selected sarah palin as a leading figure in the republican party which was a disaster in 2008. To me it's inevitable. Passage? It's inevitable it will pass. Policy and politics is merged together. ", 'done because of the politics. But they may be shifting in the republican party , especially on the conservative wing. The notion they need latino voters is fading in some parts of the conservative movement who say ', "months forced to jump through hoops no cabinet nominee should ever have to because. Because they're too many in the  Republican Party  right now we think that the Environmental Protection Agency has no business protecting our environment. From carbon pollution ", "help. Even with jobs. You have been going back to coolidge. The republicans have struggled with this debate. Yes, the  republican party  can be sour. That's one of the sour parts of calvin coolidge. He didn't always appreciate immigrants. But he did ", "back to coolidge. The republicans have struggled with this debate. Yes, the republican party can be sour. That's one of the sour parts of calvin coolidge. He didn't always appreciate immigrants. But he did appreciate once ", 'chambers, the atmosphere was thick with history, as supporters chanted, yes, we can. Will that momentum continue to  the gop -controlled house? Where passage is much more uncertain. Thank you, jim. Next, we take you inside the', 'history, as supporters chanted, yes, we can. Will that momentum continue to the gop -controlled house? Where passage is much more uncertain. Thank you, jim. Next, we take you inside the ', 'dan. As you said, history has been half-made. The big question will the euphoric momentum in the senate halls push  the gop -controlled house, intoassing a similar immigration reform bill? The senate build would bring 11 million undocumented ', 'The big question will the euphoric momentum in the senate halls push the gop -controlled house, intoassing a similar immigration reform bill? The senate build would bring 11 million undocumented immigrants out of the shadows. Immediate legalization. ', "very fine person that I think it's about left of the  Republican Party  have surveillance may have running for the House of Representatives primary meant for you what you think it says about the  Republican Party  they're still a lot of people saying that there's not ", "very very fine person that I think it's about left of the Republican Party have surveillance may have running for the House of Representatives of bishop -- well. For publicity that you don't know -- is ", "primary meant for you -- what you think it says about the Republican Party they're still a lot of people saying that there's not the passion yet. For Mitt Romney -- a lot of passion against ", "got to modernize the message. And what happens at this juncture is always the same thing. We talk about a war in the  republican party  between the moderates and the conservatives. That's an irrelevant and outdated debate. It's about modernizing the ", "is always the same thing. We talk about a war in the republican party between the moderates and the conservatives. That's an irrelevant and outdated debate. It's about modernizing the language, making it relevant to our ", 'this. Is in place right now already 485%. Of Americans who have health insurance. By the way all of this is what the  Republican Party  has now voted 37 times to repeal. At least in the House of Representatives. And my suggestion to them has been reviving ', 'have health insurance. By the way all of this is what the Republican Party has now voted 37 times to repeal. At least in the House of Representatives. And my suggestion to them has been -- ', "rules here so I think it would apply. Everybody's gonna have to get here worked on if there was an independent for the  Republican Party . Because of the sore loser rule that we have that we have here Richards Charlie. November of 2014. I don't know in ", "-- -- worked on if there was an independent -- for the Republican Party . Because of the sore loser rule that we have that we have here Richards Charlie. November of 2014. -- I don't know "]