["lasting moments our editors think you should see. This week's collection includes protests after the verdict in the  George Zimmerman  murder trial, people cooling off during the heat wave in the East and a look at what will be on dinner tables this ", 'abcn.ws/14fr96o JIMMY CARTER OPINES ON  GEORGE ZIMMERMAN  VERDICT. Jimmy Carter says the jury made the right call in finding  George Zimmerman  not guilty, ABC\'s CHRIS GOOD writes. "I think ', "Trayvon Martin's parents say they're still in shock and disbelief that jurors acquitted  George Zimmerman  in the 2012 shooting death of their 17-year-old son. Martin's parents made appearances on network morning news shows Thursday ", 'be the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. wearing a hoodie went viral this week after the "not guilty" verdict in the  George Zimmerman  murder case in Florida. The doctored image shows King\'s face shadowed by a hoodie, which has become a symbol ', "ruled Saturday night that the man that shot him,  George Zimmerman , 29, was found not guilty but Martin's mother really do believe he was afraid because he did call  George Zimmerman  creepy. So he was afraid and if you are 17-years-old ", 'Edelman: "Former President Jimmy Carter says jury in  George Zimmerman  trial \'made right decision\'" Former President Jimmy Carter weighed in on the  George Zimmerman  trial Tuesday, parting from many other Democrats ', "Authorities say a protest over  George Zimmerman 's acquittal has led to the arrests of 17 people in a small Southern California city. The San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department ", "Rights Act hearings come at a tense time for race relations. The nation is grappling with the acquittal this week of  George Zimmerman  in the shooting of unarmed teen Trayvon Martin. President Barack Obama, the country's first black president ", 'pulling me over for no apparent reason," Obama wrote. Obama\'s administration has treated gingerly the acquittal of  George Zimmerman , the man who fatally shot Martin. Burned in the past by injecting himself into racial flare-ups, Obama is wary ', "About $33,000 was spent to sequester the six female jurors who acquitted  George Zimmerman  of any crime for fatally shooting Trayvon Martin, according to details released Wednesday by the Seminole County Sheriff's Office ", "BlackAmericaWeb.com. Joyner says he was touched by Jeantel during her two days of testimony in the Florida trial of  George Zimmerman , who was acquitted of second-degree murder and manslaughter in Martin's death. Martin was talking with Jeantel ", 'Jimmy Carter says the jury made the right call in finding  George Zimmerman  not guilty. "I think the jury made the right decision based on the evidence presented, because the prosecution inadvertently ', 'robberies occurred after a series of protests in Los Angeles, and across the nation in response to the acquittal of  George Zimmerman  in the Martin killing. A separate group of individuals broke off from a peaceful march, assaulting onlookers and ', 'back home for justice for Trayvon Martin" after noticing a fan\'s sign that read "American Skin (41 Shots)."  George Zimmerman  was acquitted Saturday of second-degree murder and manslaughter charges in Martin\'s death. Zimmerman said he ', "Joyner has offered Rachel Jeantel, Trayvon Martin's friend who gained national prominence after testifying at  George Zimmerman 's trial, a full college scholarship to any historically black college in the country. Jeantel, 19, appeared ", 'were loosely organized through social media, including some Web messages urging people to gather in Hollywood "to riot." However, he says it\'s unclear whether the attacks were prompted by the  George Zimmerman  verdict in Florida.', "Clinton briefly addressed the verdict involving  George Zimmerman , who shot and killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin shooting of Trayvon Martin and Saturday's acquittal of  George Zimmerman , ABC's SHUSHANNAH WALSHE reports. At the NAACP ", 'that became intensely personal at times and addressed the shooting of Trayvon Martin and Saturday\'sacquittal of  George Zimmerman . At the NAACP convention in Orlando, Fla., Holder, the first black attorney general, said of the "Stand Your ', 'six-woman jury that found  George Zimmerman  not guilty of second degree listed below." Read more of  George Zimmerman  trial juror B37\'s interview self-defense. Slideshow: The  George Zimmerman  Case in Pictures In her interview ', 'Four of the jurors at the  George Zimmerman  trial are distancing themselves from statements that another juror made in a televised interview. The four jurors issued a statement ']