['One of the jurors who voted to acquit  George Zimmerman  of murder in the death of Florida teenager Trayvon and voted to acquit him of the charges. "I think  George Zimmerman  is a man whose heart was in the right place, but ', 'the city where Trayvon Martin was slain. 2. CIVIL RIGHTS CASE WOULD FACE A HIGH BAR "You\'d have to prove that  George Zimmerman  was seeking out to commit the crime against Trayvon Martin, specifically because he was African-American," one ', "one calling for justice for a teen killed by Little Rock police last year. Others cited Saturday's acquittal of  George Zimmerman , the Florida neighborhood watch volunteer who claimed self-defense after fatally shooting 17-year-old Trayvon ", "George Zimmerman 's parents said Monday that their son isn't a racist. Gladys and Robert Zimmerman Sr. told ABC World News that if they had ", 'warranted. In his first comments since the acquittal of  George Zimmerman  in the Martin case, Holder said the 17-year-old\'s of Miami law school. "You\'d have to prove that  George Zimmerman  was seeking out to commit the crime against Trayvon ', 'The not guilty verdict in the murder trial of  George Zimmerman  may have presented more questions than it answered. Diane Sawyer asked on Twitter earlier today what is your number one question ', 'One of the six jurors in the  George Zimmerman  trial is planning to write a book. Martin Literary Management announced Monday that it is representing the woman known as Juror ', 'Some black residents of Sanford, Fla., see the acquittal of  George Zimmerman  as the latest blow to race relations in the town. The community of almost 50,000 people is where Trayvon Martin was shot. Some ', "BARBARA WALTERS TO INTERVIEW GEORGE ZIMMERMAN'S  PARENTS ROBERT AND GLADYS ZIMMERMAN", 'about the polarizing trial and acquittal of their son  George Zimmerman , the demonstrations after the verdict, and their Jacksonville, Florida prosecutors in the trial of  George Zimmerman  - Angela Corey, Bernie de la Rionda, John Guy and ', 'in Florida just 30 miles from where a jury found  George Zimmerman  not guilty Saturday of second-degree murder in nothing more than a modern-day lynching." " George Zimmerman  became the judge, the jury, and the executioner ', "house. Spooner is white and Darius was black, prompting comparisons to the case of neighborhood watch volunteer  George Zimmerman . But Spooner's attorney, Franklyn Gimbel, says the cases are very different. He says the main similarity is ", 'When  George Zimmerman \'s "not guilty" verdict was announced Saturday evening, the news inspired protests in cities across the U.S. The ruling ', "Zimmerman's Parents in Hiding from 'Enormous Amount of Death Threats': ABC News Exclusive", 'George Zimmerman  immediately went back into hiding horrible thing you can imagine."  George Zimmerman  was accused of second-degree murder Five Moments That May Have Led to  George Zimmerman \'s Acquittal But the family\'s celebration ', "Thousands of demonstrators across the US took to the streets in frustration over  George Zimmerman 's acquittal in the murder of Trayvon Martin. Dozens of people were arrested in New York City and Los Angeles, where protesters ", 'One of the six anonymous jurors who voted to acquit  George Zimmerman  of murder charges has signed a deal to write a book about the trial. The former juror, still identified only by her court designation ', 'after a Florida jury found  George Zimmerman  not guilty in the shooting death has rarely commented on the  George Zimmerman  trial even as it captured national verdict on Saturday night in the  George Zimmerman  second-degree murder trial ', 'TIENABESO and MATT GUTMAN Only the six female jurors know for certain what testimony or evidence convinced them to acquit  George Zimmerman  of murder charges in the death of Trayvon Martin, but there were key moments in the trial that appeared to undermine ', 'la Rionda had "prayed that [  George Zimmerman  ] would have the courage to night Trayvon Martin died.  George Zimmerman  to Get His Gun Back "I think was fired. Slideshow: The  George Zimmerman  Case in Pictures "It\'s common ', 'Angeles and Oakland blocked traffic and clashed with police in a day of protests in California against the acquittal of  George Zimmerman  in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin. Several people were arrested in Los Angeles. Los Angeles police said they ']