['Attorney General Eric Holder Addresses Trayvon Martin Shooting, Criticizes Stand-Your-Ground Laws', 'shooting of Trayvon Martin and Saturday\'s acquittal of  George Zimmerman  . At the NAACP convention in Orlando, Fla., Holder in every community - justice must be done." The  George Zimmerman  verdict rippled through the NAACP this week. Read ', 'for children walking down the street. During a speech on Tuesday, Clinton briefly addressed the verdict involving  George Zimmerman , who shot and killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Florida in February 2012. Zimmerman was found not guilty ', '43-year-old Dinalynn Andrews Potter shout "it\'s all your fault" before shoving the 73-year-old Chambers.  George Zimmerman , who was charged with second-degree murder in Martin\'s killing, was acquitted Saturday. Andrews Potter was ', "historically black women's sorority, Delta Sigma Theta. They are her first public comments on the slaying since  George Zimmerman 's acquittal. The Justice Department has said it's considering whether federal prosecutors should file criminal ", 'supposed to be the American way. But the acquittal of  George Zimmerman  in the killing of Trayvon Martin has revealed two binary choice. It\'s possible, he says, that " George Zimmerman  could have racially profiled Trayvon, and still ', 'The trial of  George Zimmerman  looms large over a court room more than 1,200 miles away in Milwaukee, Wisc., where opening statements began Tuesday in a ', 'world." The "stand your ground" law allows people to use deadly force if they believe their life is in danger.  George Zimmerman  shot 17-year-old Trayvon Martin during a February 2012 confrontation in Sanford, Fla. Zimmerman said he fired ', 'Trayvon Martin\'s mother has taken to Twitter again after  George Zimmerman \'s acquittal in her son\'s death and says: "God is healing my heart." Sybrina Fulton posted her message on Tuesday, three ', "testimony, interviews and other evidence during what is likely to be a months-long investigation into whether  George Zimmerman  violated Trayvon Martin's civil rights when he shot the black teenager. The key to charging Zimmerman, a former ", "WATCH: How This Woman's Twitter Campaign Ended a Book Project by Zimmerman Juror B37", 'launched a Change.org campaign in response to juror B 37. The now infamous juror was one of six women who acquitted  George Zimmerman  in the death of Trayvon Martin. She was also the first to secure a literary agent. Lauren, who says she was very ', 'Gary W. Green/Orlando Sentinel/Pool/AP Photo  George Zimmerman  juror B37 has quickly dropped plans to write a book about being on the jury that acquitted him of murdering black teenager Trayvon ', "says there will be vigils and rallies in 100 cities this weekend to press for federal civil rights charges against  George Zimmerman . Zimmerman's acquittal over the weekend in the shooting death of unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin has touched off ", "Demonstrations against  George Zimmerman 's not guilty verdict turned violent in several cities Monday night, prompting police to warn against any further outbreaks as ", "At least one person was injured and police made nine arrests when a protest over  George Zimmerman 's Florida acquittal turned violent in Oakland. Newspapers report that a waiter guarding windows at a restaurant was hit in the ", 'with the office." http://abcn.ws/10XeTo7  GEORGE ZIMMERMAN  ACQUITTAL RIPPLES THROUGH NAACP CONVENTION. Gathering in Florida just 30 miles from where a jury found  George Zimmerman  not guilty Saturday of second-degree murder in ', 'outset, the prosecution in the  George Zimmerman  trial was at a distinct legal doubt. Five Questions About  George Zimmerman  Case Now That We Have a Verdict in the nation. Except Ohio.  George Zimmerman  Acquittal Ripples Through Nearby ', "pledged to block them. LINK  GEORGE ZIMMERMAN  The Washington Post's Philip civil rights charges against  George Zimmerman  in the shooting death of Trayvon federal hate crime charges against  George Zimmerman , distancing itself from a decision ", 'public to respect a Florida jury\'s decision to clear  George Zimmerman , the man charged in the teen\'s death. "I know interrupt or disrupt any future matters involving  George Zimmerman ," said Charles Ogletree, a law professor at Harvard ', "Your look at the five biggest and most buzz-worthy stories of the morning. 1.  George Zimmerman 's Parents Say He Is 'Absolutely Not' a Racist  George Zimmerman 's parents spoke out in an exclusive ABC News interview with Barbara Walters ", "Three jurors in  George Zimmerman 's second-degree murder trial initially favored convicting him of that offense or manslaughter, but the six-woman jury ultimately "]