["on Saturday, people rallied in hopes of provoking the Department of Justice to file civil rights charges against  George Zimmerman  one week after he was found not guilty in the death of Trayvon Martin. The Rev. Al Sharpton's National Action ", 'and other locations. One week after a jury found  George Zimmerman  not guilty in the 2012 shooting death of Martin in motorist Rodney King in 1992. "The verdict freed  George Zimmerman , but it condemned America more," said Johnson ', "Department of Justice to file civil rights charges against  George Zimmerman  one week after he was found not guilty in the death to the organization's news release . READ MORE:  George Zimmerman  Acquittal Ripples Through Nearby NAACP Convention ", "could have claimed self-defense under Florida's stand-your-ground law, which was often cited as grounds for  George Zimmerman  to fire the shot that killed the unarmed teenager in February 2012. Obama asked the nation to search its soul about ", 'STEPHANOPOULOS: A remarkable admission sparked by divisive questions. Did Trayvon Martin die because he was black? Was  George Zimmerman  acquitted because he is not? (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) OBAMA: And that all contributes, I think, to a sense that if ', 'One week after a Florida jury found  George Zimmerman  not guilty in the death of unarmed teen Trayvon Martin, rallies are scheduled in 100 cities to press for civil rights charges ', 'Martin\'s mother "forever." Hours after President Barack Obama delivered remarks about Trayvon Martin and the  George Zimmerman  trial on Friday, Foxx addressed the racially charged case at Comic-Con in San Diego. Foxx was at the massive ', 'Capitol and plan to spend the weekend locked inside the building. Those upset with the not guilty verdict in the  George Zimmerman  trial in the killing of Trayvon Martin say they will not end their protest until Gov. Rick Scott calls a special ', 'in the White House briefing room. Obama avoided discussing the particulars of the Florida court case that found  George Zimmerman  not guilty last week in the shooting of Martin, an unarmed 17-year-old African American. But the president ', 'deeply personal reflection on race, President Obama today said the African American community sees the acquittal of  George Zimmerman  in the shooting of Trayvon Martin through a difference lens because of a "history that doesn\'t go away." "Trayvon ', 'order we want to see." Florida protesters have urged repeal of the state\'s "stand your ground" measure since  George Zimmerman  was found not guilty in teenager Trayvon Martin\'s death. Obama questioned Friday whether Martin would have been ', "George Zimmerman  can't get back the gun he used to kill Trayvon Martin , but nothing is keeping him from purchasing another gun if he wants ", "profiling and gun-control issues raised by the black teen's death at the hands of neighborhood watch volunteer  George Zimmerman , who was found not guilty of second-degree murder by a Florida jury on Saturday. LINK SNOWDEN The New York Daily ", "leaders of the protest, which began Tuesday. They described their frustration about last weekend's acquittal of  George Zimmerman  in the death of Trayvon Martin and their own experiences of being racially profiled. Zimmerman was acquitted of ", 'Protesters upset with the verdict in the  George Zimmerman  trial are refusing to leave the Florida State Capitol for a third straight night. Activists say they will remain in the Capitol ', "Sharpton's National Action Network is planning rallies in 100 cities to press for federal civil rights charges against  George Zimmerman . The Justice Department is investigating whether Zimmerman violated Martin's civil rights when he shot the 17-year-old ", "Saturday night bore a particularly saturated darkness, tinged by the news of  George Zimmerman 's acquittal of all charges in connection to the death of not-yet-man-not-quite-child Trayvon Martin. A range of single-word ", 'hooded sweatshirt the night  George Zimmerman  shot and killed the unarmed As to the controversy,  George Zimmerman  seemingly never explored the were not about whether or not  George Zimmerman  racially profiled Trayvon Martin ']