['his son, Trayvon Martin, his hero and expressed regret that he was not present to help him when he encountered  George Zimmerman  on the night of Feb. 26, 2012. "Just to have your son\'s life taken away from you when you\'ve molded him in ', 'An attorney for  George Zimmerman  brushed aside suggestions Wednesday that his client\'s actions jury\'s verdict, just want to be angry, just want to hate  George Zimmerman , are still going to," O\'Mara said. "Even if we had a videotape ', "mobs, and have recently issued warnings ahead of possible bash mobs. Police say the incident came in the wake of  George Zimmerman 's acquittal in the shooting death of Florida teen Trayvon Martin, when resources were deployed to protests around ", 'his son, Trayvon Martin, his hero and expressed regret that he was not present to help him when he encountered  George Zimmerman  on the night of Feb. 26, 2012. "Just to have your son\'s life taken away from you when you\'ve molded him in ', 'Wednesday he is now dedicated to making sure people know who his 17-year-old really was and to prevent the trial of  George Zimmerman , the man who shot him dead but was acquitted, to define the youth. "I always say Trayvon was my hero. He saved ', 'people would burn and loot America\'s cities if  George Zimmerman  was found not guilty. White people everywhere would people," Powell says. "It\'s the same thing  George Zimmerman  was engaging in. To automatically assume an explosion ', 'Columbia, says it\'s time to "bring our black men and boys to center stage." Martin\'s appearance comes after  George Zimmerman  was acquitted in the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin. The verdict touched off protests and calls ', 'The family rescued by  George Zimmerman  when they were trapped in an overturned SUV canceled a scheduled news conference today and is pleading for privacy. Zimmerman ', "oom-FOO'-may), a former congressman and NAACP president. Earlier this month, neighborhood watch volunteer  George Zimmerman  was acquitted of second degree murder in the slaying of the 17-year-old Martin, who was unarmed.", 'George Zimmerman  helped rescue four people from an overturned vehicle in central Florida last week, just days after he was cleared of all charges ', 'George Zimmerman  helped rescue four people from an overturned vehicle last week, just days after he was cleared of all charges in the shooting death ', 'vigils on Saturday in at least 101 cities, including New York, Los Angeles and Atlanta. One week after a jury found  George Zimmerman  not guilty in the 2012 shooting death of Martin in a gated central Florida community, people gathered nationwide ', 'focus of the political battle between his Muslim Brotherhood and the new military-backed government. 6. WHERE  GEORGE ZIMMERMAN  SURFACED Police say he helped a couple and their two children out of an overturned SUV on a Florida highway last ', 'Officials say  George Zimmerman  helped rescue four people from an overturned vehicle last week, just days after he was cleared of all charges in the shooting ', 'Officials say  George Zimmerman  helped rescue four people from an overturned vehicle last week, just days after he was cleared of all charges in the shooting ', "Sybrina Fulton, will speak Friday. She supports Holder's decision to investigate whether her son's killer,  George Zimmerman , could be charged under federal civil rights laws. A jury acquitted Zimmerman in Martin's death, finding that ", "86-9 percent, African-Americans in a new ABC News/Washington Post poll disapprove of the verdict acquitting  George Zimmerman  of criminal charges in Martin's death, while whites approve by 51-31 percent. Blacks, by 81-13 percent ", 'George Zimmerman , who has been in hiding since he was acquitted of murder in the death of Trayvon Martin, emerged to help rescue someone who was ', "It appears unlikely state self-defense laws will be struck down, despite protests of the verdict that cleared  George Zimmerman  in shooting Trayvon Martin. 6. THE MOST VALUABLE FRUIT CROP IN THE PEACH STATE Blueberries are Georgia's most ", "Despite an outcry from civil rights groups and a call for examination by the president, the jury's verdict that  George Zimmerman  justifiably shot unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin is unlikely to spur change to stand-your-ground self-defense "]