['The black Trooper Computer Case from CM STORM is composed of a steel body with front mesh and a plastic bezel. This case can house a variety of components as it comes equipped with nine 5.25" drive bays, and eight 3.5" bays converted from 5.25" bay by two 4-in-3 HDD modules.', 'Along with the variety of drive bays, you also benefit from two USB 2.0 ports, two USB 3.0 ports, one microphone port, one audio port and 10 expansion slots. Take advantage of optional cooling system component compatibility making it possible to install two 120mm fans on the front or one 200mm fan on the top or one 140mm fan on the back or two 120mm fans on the side or two 120mm fans on the bottom.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tSupports high-end hardware, includes an XL-ATX board, multiple GPUs in SLI or Crossfire', 'Make your online shopping trip personal with our online Live Chat representatives. You can easily reach an in-house expert while browsing our site for your shopping needs. We have the most highly-trained staff in the industry who are pros in their fields, and their professional expertise will help you get the most from your purchase.', 'Place your domestic order with us for shipment via any UPS, FedEx Economy, or FedEx Priority shipping methods by 4 PM ET Monday through Thursday or 11 AM ET Friday and your order will be shipped that day. Visit our Shipping Delivery Times page for further details. Delivery times are subject to payment verification.', "We appreciate your purchase from us, and we understand that sometimes the products you buy don't turn out to be the right choice for you. We guarantee your peace of mind with our 30-day return policy. With no standard restocking fee and few restrictions, you'll enjoy a return process as easy as shopping with us. Please visit our Return Policy page for further details.", "We've made shopping convenient with our mobile site and iPhone and Android mobile apps. Use filtered search to find and purchase almost any item we sell and ship worldwide. Download product manuals and guides for many popular items. See high-resolution product images in close-up detail. Manage wishlists and view order history. Visit our Mobile Apps page for downloads and directions.", 'We commit to providing extraordinary service before and after you purchase from us. You can arrange to return your order easily online, and if you need help with the products you purchased or would prefer to arrange your return by phone, you can contact our agents at 1.800.221.5743 or Live Chat online. Our in-house customer service staff will work to resolve any issues to your satisfaction in a friendly and professional manner.', 'Our extensive selection and business relationships allow us to make deals that we convert to savings for you. Your savings start with our low competitive prices and continue with the free shipping we offer on many popular items, and our pros prepare discounted product kits of solutions for your needs. Sign up for our e-mail newsletters to get the latest specials along with guides and videos by our experts.', 'Shopping with us from another country is as easy as shopping at home. Our website displays costs in your currency at the current rate of exchange, and you can pay all taxes and import fees through B&H if you live in Canada, Brazil and the European Union, we guarantee the final price. Portuguese speakers enjoy a custom site in their language, and our multilingual experts speak your language when you visit our NYC SuperStore.', 'Please note that B&H does not process web orders from Friday evening to Saturday evening. Weekend hours']