["Protesters took to the streets on Monday, January 9, in a nationwide strike against the Nigerian government's decision to take away fuel subsidies.", 'Bonfires were set ablaze by protesters outside Lagos State University. iReporter Lawal Adekunle Olusegun said: "I know a lot of people around are suffering and going through a hard time the fuel subsidy is only making things worse for a lot of people."', 'This picture, taken by iReporter Medaiyese Olorunjuwon shows the armed forces monitoring protesters in the city of Ilorin, Kwara State capital. Olorunjuwon said: "The protesters were cheering the armed forces... All in all it was peaceful."', 'During the rally in Ilorin, Kwara State, demonstrators displayed a mock coffin, while demanding the government bring back fuel subsidies. ', 'IReporter Patrick Gbenga captured the protest scenes in the Nigerian city of Akure, capital of the Ondo state.', 'Gbenga said: "Thousands of people took to the street of Akure... it is part of me to fight against injustice."', 'An 83-year-old woman joins the protest rally at Liberation Square in Kano State.', "The nationwide strike comes after days of protesting across the country. Gas prices have more than doubled following the government's decision to take away fuel subsidies.", "Adjarho David Obaro, who is currently in Nigeria for the holidays, took photos of the protests near King's Square in Benin City on Thursday, January 5. He said there were thousands of protesters there from different backgrounds. ", '"I saw raw anger in the eyes of the protesters with regards to the increase in prices of good (and) services as a result of the subsidy removal," said Obaro.', 'iReporter Victor Iyamu took this photo at the protest in Benin City, the capital of Edo State, on Thursday, January 5. Iyamu says he is not participating in the protest but that he does support the protesters and their cause. ', 'The Nigeria Labour Congress and Trades Union Congress urged the government to immediately restore the subsidies -- or see the country grind to a halt starting January 9.', 'After learning about the fuel subsidy protests from Twitter on Tuesday, iReporter Kfire decided to join the crowds in Lagos. "The aim of the protest was to disrupt vehicular movement, shut down gas stations and ask people to go back home," he said.', '"The mood was one of anger and frustration towards the government for doing this on New Year\'s Day," Kfire said.', 'Freelance journalist Mohammed Bashir observed the large protest in his town of Lokoja, Nigeria, on Tuesday, January 3. He snapped this photo with his BlackBerry as hundreds gathered in the street.', "Obi Akwukwuma, 47, observed the demonstrations at King's Square in Benin City on Thursday, January 5. Akwukwuma, who works on an engineering project nearby, took this photo with his BlackBerry as demonstrators protested the removal of fuel subsidy.", 'Thousands of Nigerians have taken to the streets in protest over fuel subsidy removal ', "(CNN) -- Nigeria, Africa's largest oil producer, ended oil subsidies on New Year's Day that had kept gasoline prices artificially low.", 'The cost of a liter of gasoline shot up from 65 naira (40 cents) to at least 141 naira (86 cents) virtually overnight.', "Furious Nigerians have since taken to the streets, staging 'Occupy Nigeria' protests and mass demonstrations across the country.", 'Police have responded forcefully with many arrests. At least one person has died amid the unrest: 23-year-old student Muyideen Mustafa was allegedly hit by a police bullet in Ilorin, Kwara State, on January 03.', 'A police spokesman in Kano State also confirmed to CNN that they fired teargas into a crowd staging a midnight protest last week in order to disperse a largely peaceful demonstration by Muslims and Christians.', 'The government is attempting to deregulate the oil sector in the country and believes subsidizing consumption of oil is a drain on public finances that will prove unsustainable in the long term. Many argue that the only people the subsidy benefited were fuel importers. The government says the move will save the Treasury more than 1 trillion naira ($6.13 billion) in 2012.', 'Reuben Abati, spokesman for President Goodluck Jonathan, told CNN the money saved from removing the subsidy will help to improve public amenities and build much-needed infrastructure in a country with poor roads, lack of power and non-functioning refineries.', 'Nigeria produces around 2.4 million barrels of crude oil a day but imports roughly 70% of its gasoline from countries as far afield as the United Kingdom and Venezuela, because its own refineries are inoperative after years of corruption-fueled neglect.', 'Nigerians are angry because they believe the government has introduced the plan without any regard to how it will affect the cost of living in the country.', 'They say they are already experiencing undue hardship as a result of the move, which they say has already affected the cost of transport, food, medicine, rent and school fees.', 'Feyi Fawehinmi, an accountant and analyst, told CNN the government\'s abrupt move was like having a "tooth pulled without a plier."', '"When you have so much poverty, a lot of business and lives have been built on petrol being at N65, which is not exactly cheap, even at subsidized rates. People are just not moving out of poverty quickly in Nigeria. There is an economic case but this is not something that can be quantified economically," he said.', '"The government cannot tell how many businesses will be ruined or even how many people will die," Fawehinmi continued. "The impact will be so wide-ranging. There should have been a plan to remove this in a sensible way, not in this crude manner." he said.', 'Many Nigerians see the subsidy, which gives them the cheapest gas price in the region, as the only benefit of being an oil producing country. Most live in grinding poverty and on less than $2 a day. There is little infrastructure, high unemployment and only intermittent electric power.', 'Nigerians routinely have to buy generators to provide power and supporters of the subsidies say some may be left in the dark because they simply cannot afford fuel costs.', 'Union and civil rights activists march in Lagos, Nigeria, to protest the removal of petrol subsidies by the government.', 'Protesters march in Lagos, over an increase in fuel-prices, photographed by iReporter Samuel Osabuohien.', 'Bystanders watch as protestors try to set fire to a car tire in the middle of Ikorodu Road in Lagos.', 'OKshorty1 said he heard about the protest on Twitter. "The aim of the protest was to disrupt vehicular movement, shut down gas stations and ask people to go back home. The mood was one of anger and frustration towards the Government for doing this on New Year\'s Day."', 'iReporter Boma Taiu took this photo of protests in Ibadan, Nigeria. "The poor are suffering," he said.', 'iReporter Paul Utho took this photo of the protests in Ikorodu Road, Lagos. "The people are tired of this insensitive government," he said.', 'Those who support ending the subsidy removal say the move is long overdue because of simple economics. They argue that Nigerians have been paying N65 (40 cents) per liter for at least five years, while petrol prices have risen significantly elsewhere in the world, which means the government foots the bill when worldwide oil prices go up.', 'They also say that the only people who get any real benefit from the subsidy are those involved in importing oil. The Nigerian oil traders import refined gasoline, claim the subsidy and then sell it on at a higher rate to neighboring countries.', 'There is a widespread lack of trust in the government to provide the infrastructure it says it will. Nigeria is regularly voted among the most corrupt countries in the world and citizens complain that the money saved will be siphoned by a few and salted away into off-shore accounts, as has happened in the past.', "They also bemoan the high salaries and daily allowances of government officials. According to Transparency for Nigeria website, the country's senators receive an annual pay of N182m ($1.2m). The national monthly minimum wage is set at N18,000 ($112), although all Nigerians do not currently receive this basic wage.", "While at the 2012 national expenditure reading in December, N992.57m alone ($6.2m) was allocated for the President and Vice President's annual food and general catering services.", "The sum includes the cost of purchasing foodstuffs, catering supplies and kitchen equipment for the president and his deputy's offices and residences, according to the 2012 Appropriation Bill presented to the Nigerian National Assembly.", "However, government spokesman Reuben Abati told CNN he understood Nigerians' concerns regarding a lack of trust because they had been let down by previous administrations.", 'He added that the president has set up a high-powered committee to ensure money saved from ending the subsidy would not be misappropriated.', 'Mass unrest and instability in the country is expected over the next few days, with citizens calling for a return to the cheap prices. So far, the government has refused but has announced the "immediate distribution of 1600 mass transit buses to major cities."', 'Labor union leaders have called for national strikes and protests that they hope will lead to a mass shutdown across the country.', '"We call on all Nigerians to participate actively in this movement to rescue our country. The emphasis is on peaceful protests, rallies and strikes while refusing to be intimidated," the unions\' statement said.', "CNN's Carly Costello, Christina Zdanowicz, Mark Tutton and Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report.", 'Advocates say the exam includes unnecessarily invasive and irrelevant procedures -- like a so-called "two finger" test.', 'Supplies of food, clothing and fuel are running short in Damascus and people are going hungry as the civil war drags on. ', 'Supporters of Richard III want a reconstruction of his head to bring a human aspect to a leader portrayed as a murderous villain.', 'Robert Fowler spent 130 days held hostage by the same al Qaeda group that was behind the Algeria massacre. He shares his experience.', 'As "We are the World" plays, a video shows what looks like a nuclear attack on the U.S. Jim Clancy reports on a bizarre video from North Korea.', 'The relationship is, once again, cold enough to make Obama\'s much-trumpeted "reset" in Russian-U.S. relations seem thoroughly off the rails.', 'Ten years on, what do you think the Iraq war has changed in you, and in your country? Send us your thoughts and experiences.', 'Musician Daniela Mercury has sold more than 12 million albums worldwide over a career span of nearly 30 years.', 'Photojournalist Alison Wright travelled the world to capture its many faces in her latest book, "Face to Face: Portraits of the Human Spirit."', "Europol claims 380 soccer matches, including top level ones, were fixed - as the scandal widens, CNN's Dan Rivers looks at how it's done.", 'That galaxy far, far away is apparently bigger than first thought. The "Star Wars" franchise will get two spinoff movies, Disney announced.', "It's an essential part of any trip, an activity we all take part in. Yet almost none of us are any good at it. Souvenir buying is too often an obligatory slog."]