["had a string of disappointing  jobs  reports the next 1 expected get what's estimated 85000  jobs  that does nothing that could percent at least. To see the  job market  start recovery unemployment problem. So even a positive  jobs  number today around where people ", "economic growth below 1%. -- -- we've had a string of disappointing jobs reports the next 1 expected this morning at 830. And even if we get what's estimated 85000 jobs that does nothing that could dance tent that fourteen million unemployed Americans right now we defeat economic growth you mention that it's basically at a standstill when you see that -- two and a half percent at least. To see the job market start recovery -- unemployment rate going down and we're not seeing that and I think a lot of traders are worried about. There being no solution are no short term solution to fix the problem. So even a positive jobs number today around where people expect wouldn't necessarily. Sparred on the long run a lot of traders that maybe didn't affect the ", '1171000.  Jobs  for the last one did beat Pretty loudly unexpected 85000  jobs  being added 117 a good number remember we need to see 300000  jobs  added each month to bring that to me somewhat positive  jobs report  over. We 200000 people just ', "into another recession or double -- And that to me somewhat positive jobs report over. We -- 200000 people just give up searching that's one reason why you saw that unemployment rate dropped nine point. Point 1% I was talking one trader yesterday on the floor asked her -- she thought -- see another recession she says the problem is a lot of so you. They they do believe -- -- and if you look deep into that report we also saw them re estimate. And the job losses the last couple months incisive showed that more jobs were indeed create. That's right in the most positive thing in this report is an hourly wages increase double the lowest estimate a lot of people say that's precursor to increase jobs . And the private sector created over 150000 jobs and again thanks for much. ", "this evening and to the new  jobs  numbers that are getting a employers creating nearly 200,000  jobs  last month. And figures for america, we're hiring. The  labor department  reporting today our economy has created nearly 200,000  jobs  a month not just this month ", "Now to the economy this evening and to the new jobs numbers that are getting a lost attention this evening. American employers creating nearly 200,000 jobs last month. And figures for april and may were revised upward as well. What do the numbers really mean? Is it a real recovery, and if so, why are mortgage rates and rates you pay on your car suddenly going up? ter: IT'S A NEW AND Welcome sign in store windows across america, we're hiring. The labor department reporting today our economy has created nearly 200,000 jobs a month not just this month, but for three straight months. Good news for jobseekers, but a challenge for home buyers. Lisa ", 'at four point 7%. The total number of  jobs  created was slightly more than expected value of their 401 at least they still have  jobs . There job losses however largely connected concrete and glass and wood products. He lost  jobs  in November. Overall the report provided ', 'unemployment rate remained unchanged at four point 7%. The total number of jobs created was slightly more than expected and -- a piece of good news at a time when there has been a daily drumbeat of bad economic news. Most of the job growth was in the service sector including professional and business services retail and leisure and hospitality. So while Americans worry about the price of their home in the value of their 401 -- at least they still have jobs . There -- job losses however largely connected to the real estate market. Construction workers mortgage lenders and manufacturers of materials like concrete and glass and wood products. He lost jobs in November. Overall the report provided a measure of comfort during these challenging economic times. The question now is how much of ', "get the business headlines this Friday. The June  jobs report  is out 196000.  Jobs  were added last month that's according to the Bureau revised up as employers added more than 70000 more  jobs  than first reported. Unemployment though that rate ", "good news let's get -- the business headlines this Friday. The June jobs report is out 196000. Jobs were added last month that's according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The numbers for April and may also revised up as employers added more than 70000 more jobs than first reported. Unemployment though that rate remains at seven point 6% -- all of this good news for main street Wall ", '151000. As we saw a drop in  jobs  however as you can see from can drop even as you lose  jobs  or vice Versa. That Wall the labor pool for example a  household survey  which is a separate survey Into the labor force and got  jobs  participation in labor force besides the anticipation of the  jobs report  scared investor to meet Toyota ', "Stocks are reporting to a slightly higher open today after jobs data showed the unemployment rate fell to a five month low last month. Even as employers unexpectedly cut jobs . Bloomberg's Matt Miller joins me now want to market sent rest of the day's business news good morning Matt good morning and -- like -- numbers for us. -- we saw actually a decrease in payrolls of 20000 we're looking for a gain of 101000 to 151000. As we saw a drop in jobs however as you can see from. This this graphic here nine point 7% as the employer rates -- came down from 10% last month. A lot of times you'll see the the actual labor -- shift so the unemployment -- can drop even as you lose jobs or vice Versa. That Wall Street maybe. Not so much thrilled about these numbers that you see a little bit again this morning but kind of bounced back from the huge drops that we saw yesterday so -- up army if -- -- Employers reduce that cut payrolls by twenty -- how the unemployment the -- Well eight -- -- Miller did it is this -- to statistics excuse me can have been. In different directions depending on the size of the labor pool for example a household survey which is -- a separate survey showed that 541000. People came. Into the labor force and got jobs participation in labor force actually rose to 64 point 7%. From 64 point 6%. So that change can move the unemployment. Rate down even as the economy as a whole loses jobs I -- what's the outlook going full or. Well -- local going forward may not be so rosy mean we do expect to continue adding jobs or -- -- should say again. To the economy this year remember we only added jobs in one month that a twelve last year. We do expect most economists to boost jobs this year but we could see a flood of people come into labor force and not get jobs so you could see the unemployed -- -- -- up. Before it comes and -- back down. Right so let's shift to the stock market now yesterday we saw the worst day of trading and so far this year it was there any thing else besides the anticipation of the jobs report -- scared investor to meet Toyota you've got. The car recalls what what is going on here. He got a number of ", "get minimal increase in the number of  jobs  created in such a big drop. At least your books. And then yet when of the  household survey  where the DL less Your labor statistics in September we're showing negative  jobs . While the payroll numbers and positive ", "us how you could get -- minimal increase in the number of jobs created in such a big drop. At least. You know. But in the unemployment rate in -- -- writes -- and it it is possible because it did happen in the answer is that there's two separate surveys. One of them which is that the payroll number -- 1141000. That's the government surveying employers and telling them you know who's on your books. And then yet when of the household survey where the DL less -- Your labor statistics calls up. Households -- the country need -- -- question are you working. And -- September. 800000 plus people said yes we are working now. A lot of folks have -- of this number looks cook the issue is that about a month to month basis that a lot of noise in these numbers over time they -- tend to smooth out. On the -- over the summer there were few months where the household survey which had that big jump in September we're showing negative jobs . While the payroll numbers and positive -- jobs so statistically speaking. It looks like an anomaly -- it and it was on a wild month but over time those numbers ", "L, friday we saw thecc1: New  jobs  numbers. 175,000  jobs  created last month. Unemployment mean the economy is growing.  Jobs  are being created. 32 straight The fact that we think of the  jobs report  like friday's as being a good ", "has reached, reached -- not really. L, friday we saw thecc1: New jobs numbers. 175,000 jobs created last month. Unemployment ticked up just a bit to 7.6%. It seemed to be exactly what the stock market liked. What is your read on what this means on the economy? We are in this kind of sour equilibrium. I mean the economy is growing. Jobs are being created. 32 straight months of job growth. The economy is growing. You know, if the growing population, it's a growing workforce, the shares of adults employed. We're just creeping up. There are more than 4 million people who have been unemployed for more than six months, still that's an incredible by past standards. This is a terrible, terrible economy. The fact that we think of the jobs report like friday's as being a good report just shows you how depressed our expectations have become. Wall street thought it was good ", "disappointing  jobs report  could have you said an  employment  rate. Rose he's eighty  employment report  said that Private  jobs . In June predicts the US  Labor Department  number they after this  employment report . Let's ", "A disappointing jobs report could have a big effect on the trading day ahead joining me now is Alex steal from thestreet.com. Happy Friday Alex boy. That this is big news this morning the fact that the unemployment rates jumped back up to nine point 2%. Tell us what else things on this report. There's so many bad things that this report as I sat across my screen actually sit on my god this is terrible and this is why. US at an only 181000 jobs in June we are looking for an -- 94000. Jobs the private sector and this really hurt only added 57000. Jobs . -- estimates on the high end -- 200000. Jobs like you said an employment rate. Rose to nine point 2% and -- it was actually revised down now may was the really bad report we had a good. A series of reports up until then in May disappointed and -- was never right revised down to 25000. Jobs from fifty. 4000 jobs . I just don't get it you know -- yesterday we -- very good numbers from the payroll company eighty. We absolutely did -- he's eighty -- employment report said that we would add about said that they had about 157000. Private jobs . In June and this is always predicts the US Labor Department number -- they made did. Made it forecast that number in May we got a bad numbers I think that a lot of investors and analysts alike were all sort of saying -- -- speaking expects something good in fact we suck. Lots investment houses. Re you re there high expectations for today Deutsche Bank actually -- -- private jobs forecast by 60%. From 125000. Jobs 200000. Jobs so this is sort add to the world of hurt we also saw the Dow up for seven out of eight sessions ", "most Americans that's the monthly  jobs report . Comes out tomorrow morning at 830 than he needs to do to help boost  jobs  grow the economy get the middle class say that it's possible that this  jobs report  might have too much of a negative ", "stark reminder of the economic reality facing most Americans that's the monthly jobs report . Comes out tomorrow morning at 830 and don't want the president could have had a sort of sneak peek at some of the data tonight the white -- usually gets a before its -- to the public -- campaign says that that will not impact his speech here at all tonight. -- will continue to deliver the same economic message regardless which is that we still have a lot more work to do. There's more than he needs to do to help boost jobs grow the economy get the middle class backpedaling like to see them -- But again this is something that you know the campaign worried it could possibly danger that -- that the campaign is hoping for in the president's poll numbers coming out of the convention. But so far you know -- at some of the data at the economists say that it's possible that this jobs report might have too much of a negative impact on the president. So -- they're saying that it looks like. The job numbers -- -- steady economic excuse me the unemployment rate could stay steady at eight -- an 83%. Which would mean you know the projections are correct -- them. Jobs jobs are being created but just not fast enough to see via unemployment rate declined so we'll have to see what happens tomorrow ", "report on the US  job market  should optimism the so Lester the  Labor Department 's releasing its We heard again  employment  rate rose just only lost 54000  jobs  we're actually loss of a 120000.  Jobs . And big news sector added 67000.  Jobs  we're looking attention as the  jobs report . But what can ", "manufacturing index it hasn't received of course as much attention as the jobs report . But what can we expect -- And you see a slight decline to 53 from 54 point three in July so basically. This measures the services sector which accounts for 80% of all jobs not a big market -- the big number was of course Wednesday. In manufacturing data which isn't really better indicator of growth ", "Let's get right to their  jobs  news the latest report on unemployment showing surprising drop to seven with the details good morning Leon. Take it ninety George 1141000.  Jobs  were added in the month of some that number we expected but the seven ", "Let's get right to their jobs news the latest report on unemployment showing surprising drop to seven point 8%. Back to levels we haven't seen since President Obama first took office because she's been Angela -- is here with the details good morning Leon. Take it ninety George -- 1141000. Jobs were added in the month of some -- that number we expected but the seven point 8% drop in unemployment. That is ", "about to get a key reading on how many  jobs  have been created in the last month. It Bianna, what do we expect from the new  jobs  numbers this morning? Reporter: An important We're expecting to find out that 125,000  jobs  were created in the month of august. The ", "presidential election. We're about to get a key reading on how many jobs have been created in the last month. It comes after a huge rally on wall street yesterday. And abc's bianna golodryga is here. Bianna, what do we expect from the new jobs numbers this morning? Reporter: An important number. Good morning, elizabeth. We're expecting to find out that 125,000 jobs were created in the month of august. The unemployment rate is expected to remain unchanged at 8.3%. It has been above 8% the last 3 1/2 years. This is a crucial report, even if we have more jobs added. This is a positive number. We need to see more like 200,000 jobs added to bring this number down. This is a crucial number, elizabeth. We expect that to remain at 8.3%. And the markets are surging. The dow was up 250 points yesterday. What's happening? Reporter: We had good use overseas. They bought up a lot of bonds from the weaker economies in europe. We got another report in the u.S., An independent report, suggesting that the private sector added some 200,000 jobs last month. That's great news. But we're seeing job losses continuing in the government sector, such as education jobs , as well. That's what we're paying attention to today's report. Thanks so much, bianna. ", 'and it has in an improvement over the last. Two reports and we did see an increase in  jobs  171000.  Jobs  in the last two reports it was a revision was 84000  jobs  added. Over when the president came in losing 800000  jobs  we lost four million  jobs', "over the last. Two reports and we did see an increase in jobs 171000. Jobs in the last two reports it was a revision was 84000 jobs added. Over -- when the president came in losing 800000 jobs we lost four million jobs by the time he took office. Now we've been able at a high point four million that's one point two. Additional jobs in the private sector so I think that -- that the president has -- out has been very clear he wants to help the middle class continue. To put forward attacks breaks and credits for small businesses. And to make investments in education because that's what's gonna help us create a more competitive workforce and especially for he -- Who tend to be. A very young population we need to have those skill set so we can compete. In high sector jobs in technology in renewable -- those are all important. Areas for us as a community to be focused on. ", 'start to a year since 1997. And  jobs report  that came out just a short time today when that analysts are bad  jobs report  137000 new  jobs . With that what was expected months of last year show in the  job market  continues to chug along at a ', 'had its best start to a year since 1997. And -- -- jobs report that came out just a short time -- joining us now with all the -- business headlines is Yahoo! finance is -- task Aaron Good Friday morning to you a lot to get to today when that analysts are bad jobs report 137000 new jobs . With that what was expected not so much what do the numbers mean. That the headline number of Virginia was a little ', "this final weekend. Today's  jobs report , the last one before election camp. So, all eyes are on the  jobs report  in this nail-biter of an election our political contributor. The  jobs report , make much difference? The economy ", "candidates going all-out. And the final question into this final weekend. Today's jobs report , the last one before election day, boost obama? Or bolster romney's claims on the economy? Jake tapper is in ohio. Good morning, jake. Reporter: Good morning from a barn outside columbus, george. That's right, with this race so close here in ohio, any major event could tip undecideds or soft voters into the obama camp or the romney camp. So, all eyes are on the jobs report in this nail-biter of an election. Stumping for votes, the candidates leave no stone unturned. In west virginia, romney was heckled. What ", "turn to matt dowd for more on this, our political contributor. The jobs report , make much difference? The economy is already in at this point in the game. The last six months are baked in the perception. I think the jobs report won't have a dramatic effect on this election. We see mitt romney in the state of pennsylvania, hasn't gone republican since 1988. ", "we actually did add 46000  jobs  you know what that's still not very good.  Employment  rate did nine point 11% we sector only added 171000.  Jobs  you're looking for an addition of something like. 98000.  Jobs  and lions used numbers were ", "No net jobs were added in the month of August and the unemployment rate held steady at nine point 1%. Hitter break down today's job numbers is Alex steal from thestreet.com. Alex thanks for joining us. What does this number tell us. Nothing good how about that he's heard it stated it's in no new jobs rat in August the one caveat here is that we did see. 46000. Verizon workers on strike so that was counted towards the number we can say we actually did add 46000 jobs you know what that's still not very good. Employment rate did -- nine point 11% we still have fourteen million people on unemployed. The private sector only added 171000. Jobs you're looking for an addition of something like. 98000. Jobs and lions used numbers were also revised down He lost 50000 more jobs than we expected owned by the way hourly earnings are doubts over those of us employed or make -- class. None of that good news -- on the markets reacting I think it's gonna be a very tricky day I think the first reaction is going to be a dump and run situation -- and investors panic and any -- we also have area light volume. We're headed into a long holiday weekend that's all gonna contribute to this volatility. However -- -- say every Friday we get jobs number we wind up doing some kind of reversal throughout the day I don't know we're gonna recoup the 200 point Dow ", "other side that's gonna say look. We consistently getting bad -- this jobs number was terrible we have no reason to think it's going to improve. And we have to do something also you have a gridlocked Washington in it's really just up to the Fed now. And speaking of that President Obama gonna make that big job creation speech next week -- is going to help or hurt his case it's going to be a political tool either way I think you're gonna happen it's not gonna say look. The jobs number is really badly need to get in -- we need to add some kind stimulus to help the economy. You're gonna ", "economy and hundreds of thousands of new  jobs  being created in recent weeks surpassing government says the economy created 200000  jobs  last month. That's about 50000 more last June we've seen at least 100000  jobs  created every month that a winning streak ", "just this morning about the economy and hundreds of thousands of new jobs being created in recent weeks surpassing all expectations. ABC's beyond acknowledging it is here now with a closer look good morning to you beyond. Hey good morning justice is good news indeed the government says the economy created 200000 jobs last month. That's about 50000 more than analysts had expected meantime the unemployment rate dropped slightly to eight and a half percent the lowest level in three years. Now consider that since last June we've seen at least 100000 jobs created every month that -- a winning streak we haven't seen. Since back in 2006. Before the recession. So it's clear that consumers are spending more businesses are feeling more confident. And they're placing more orders -- manufacturers but we have to see more many more months of 200000 jobs created in order to put a real dent and that unemployment rate -- -- thing Josh. None of this takes into account ", "House is bracing itself for there expected week.  Jobs report  economists predict about 60000  jobs  were created in the month of September that's would make. Five straight months of little or no  jobs  growth were expecting the White House will say ", "White House is bracing itself for -- -- there -- expected week. Jobs report economists predict about 60000 jobs were created in the month of September that's. Not nearly enough to keep up even with the rate of population growth let alone to make a dent in the nation's unemployment rate which is about nine point. 1% that would make. Five straight months of little or no jobs growth were expecting the White House will say it's yet another reason for the president's jobs bill to be passed as soon as possible. "]