['Chicago saw several days of record-breaking 80 degree weather, and in Atlanta, Ga., pollen counts are setting records as well. But in Flagstaff, Ariz., the city is digging out of its second largest snowstorm. Weather Channel meteorologist Mike Seidel reports. ', 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', ' and a good many humans across a good portion of this country. it has turned traditional seasons upside down. it has set thousands of new records. and think of it this way, both ', ", families are heading outdoors for what feels like a summer evening. that's where ", ". they hit an all-time march high of 83 degrees. this has many wondering, has the weather lost its cool? it's a study in contrast and extremes. on the last day of winter, in normally chilly ", ', the city of the big shoulders has seen five consecutive days of record breaking 80-degree temps.', "minnesota's march has been extraordinary, too. the low temperatures have been warmer than the previous record highs. in ", ', flag staff is digging out of its second largest snowstorm in march. nearly 20 inches.', "there's no bad timing for snow for us here in the mountains. we love it, we crave it, and we're stoked it's here.", ', with many of the states hitting at least 70 while all of the west is colder than average. adding to the weather drama, high pollen counts in atlanta. 35% higher than the previous record. also wildfires in colorado, and tornadoes in oklahoma and nebraska. downing ', ' to the dallas/ft. worth area. there are some warnings well south and west of dallas. these are slow moving storms which will drop ', 'what is this doing to the cycle of nature? all of the flowers that have come up and out already that may still see some snow on them?', "yeah, that could happen, but we're in this trend right now where it's going to be fairly mild for most of us east of the rockies. let's talk about the storm. that's going to be the serious threat. a fluj flood threat for parts of four states. texas, louisiana, oklahoma, and into arkansas. we have had ", ", cars stranded, roads closed, and look how slowly the storm moves. it's going to take two days get the rain out of here. some areas could see a foot of rain. this could be historical flooding in parts of the state. meanwhile, to the north, the records continue to go by the wayside. a lot of them today, hundreds of them will continue to be broken. 86 in "]