["\t\t\t\t\t\tWe're mere -- here with the powerhouse roundtable. Standing by to talk about a year packed with political comebacks, anthony weiner is in new york's mayor race, and the latest in new york, eliot... See More ", "\t\t\t\t\t\tWe're mere -- here with the powerhouse roundtable. Standing by to talk about a year packed with political comebacks, anthony weiner is in new york's mayor race, and the latest in new york, eliot spitzer resigned in disgrace five years ago after getting caught with prostitutes. There he is, entering the race for comptroller. The city's second most powerful job. He joins us from manhattan. Thank you for joining us this morning. I want to get to your comeback, but first the breaking news on the george zimmerman verdict. You're a former prosecutor, former attorney general, was justice served? This is a failure of justice. I don't think there's any other way to it. The judicial system is not perfect. In this case, it is failed. Before we get into a conversation about whether the prosecution was flewed, handled it in a different way. There's a simple reality here, an innocent young man was walking down the street, confronted by a stranger with a gun, and he was shot. Criminal justice system should be able to deal with that. They didn't. Should the justice department step in? Well, they will step in, but they're in a dicey position. There has been a criminal case. Double jeopardy is a fundamental principle in the american judicial system, as it should be. It's going to be hard for them to come back at the defendant. Boy, this is understandably a hugely emotional moment for people who say this could have been my kid, my son. Where are we with the principles of justice? There are notable examples of where it failed. It is not perfect. It is still the best system in the world, bar none. The jury system is what we have to rely upon, but in this case, it failed. And now to your race for comptroller of new york. You didn't expect to run again. You were back on the streets and really shook up the race, and instantly became the biggest topic of conversation in new york. Here's the cover of new york magazine. Coming out tomorrow, it shows you and anthony weiner, you on one side and he on the other. And your opponents are saying things about it. Here's quinn on the question with both of them is what have they done to earn the second chance? I don't think we see all that much from either of them where they redeem themselves from their selfish behavior and earned a second chance from new york's voters. What's your response? My response is I have done a fair bit, talked, written, participated, hosted tv shows, I'll leave you to judge whether that is a moment or not. But I have done things that are important. Have some faith in the voters. That ma case. Nobody in the media. But they asked them for forgiveness, but look at my record. The independence of my voice when it came to wall street, to standing up on the environment, low wage workers, immigrants. We were talking about immigrant rights just a few moments ago on your show. Years ago, I said they should have driver's licenses, the heavens descended upon me. It's now the law of the land. It's accepted. We have been ahead of the curve. And fundamentally, independent on the issues of finance and wall street, and the integrity of the office, which is what it's about. My mandate is to be a fiscal watchdog. Make sure the pension funds are invested well. Make sure the city's budget is being spent to where it should be spent and the purposes to which it should be. I don't take polls and rely upon them, but the poll numbers look for an independent voice in the position. That is what I promise. As you know, your opponent said you're a lawbreaker, failed governor. That should disqualify you. Opponents will say that. Voters will make the decision. I think the voters are beginning to be heard. I see it in the street, when i talked to voters and citizens, you have owned up to it, you looked the public in the eye five years ago. And you said you believed in accountability and stepped forward and took responsibility. That's what I did. That's a fundamental point the public should look at, and hope give some deference to. But the record I acquired as an attorney general, as a low-level prosecutor, and high-level cases against organized crime. And governor where we reformed the state budget, fully funded education, reformed health care, the unemployment compensation system. And there's a lot of push back from wall street, they have won, they are right, and years before 2008, not just that these were individual cases, but there's a systemic problem that we need to confront. That was the argument I was making. It's an argument I make in a book I have coming outd protecting capitalism. The book said it must be protected. That is what we believe in. And that record before the voters. Thanks very much. ", '\t\t\t\t\t    This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tGuests: Paul Gigot, Tavis Smiley, Karen Bass, Tom Cole, Orrin Hatch, Amy Klobuchar', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tRep. Karen Bass, Rep. Tom Cole, Sen. Orrin Hatch, and Sen. Amy Klobuchar.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe Pakistani girl shot by the Taliban addresses the U.N. on her education mission.']