['Swiss bank accounts. The treasurer has claimed Rajoy took under the counter payments, accusations denied by Rajoy. The spectacle of alleged greed and corruption has enraged Spaniards hurting from  austerity  and sky  high unemployment .', "straight days anti-government  protests  in Bulgaria's capital, Sofia resignation of the previous cabinet amid  anti - austerity protests . The appointment of controversial public anger and led to daily  protests  since June 14. The appointment ", "The Greek police has banned public  protests  in central Athens for 11 hours on Thursday, when German city's main Syntagma Square, focal points of scores of  anti - austerity  demonstrations. Panos Skourletis, a spokesman for the left-wing ", 'across Greece joined  anti - austerity  protesters Wednesday transfers. The latest  austerity  measures will put 12 third straight day of  protests . "It\'s simple would continue daily  protests  if the bill passes ', "greed and corruption has enraged Spaniards hurting from  austerity  and sky  high unemployment  with no end in sight. As Mariano Rajoy told reporters unlikely that there would be any changes in Spain's tough  austerity  measures aimed at helping keep the European debt crisis ", 'Since the last record, the housing market collapsed, the economy has stumbled through years of slow growth and  high unemployment , and the country has experienced the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. The national debt has also by continued growth in corporate profits and an inventory rebuild may help support GDP growth in 1Q12. Government  austerity  and a soft global economy aren\'t going to help. In short, a mixed bag." The Associated Press contributed to ', 'Today in Pictures: Eclipse Diwali, Netanyahu, Anti -Austerity  Day and Baby Gorilla', 'Food is placed on the main stage as Sadhus and Hindu men celebrate Diwali at the BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir, Nov. 14, 2012 in London. Diwali, which marks the start of the Hindu New Year, is being celebrated by thousands of Hindu men, women and...', 'BROADWAY: WILL IT MATTER? ABC\'s Shushannah Walshe on the president\'s NYC fundraising and hobnobbing: At a time of  high unemployment  and economic uncertainty, does a presidential candidate friending and fundraising with the rich and famous matter insisting Republicans have been blockading the effort all along. "If you do not have economic growth, no amount of  austerity  will balance the budget because you will always have revenues go down more than you can possibly cut spending ', 'have economic growth, no amount of  austerity  will balance the budget because you officers on the job. ... That\'s the  austerity  policy. It isn\'t good economics Eurozone economic policy" of "continued  austerity  and  high unemployment " while Obama favored "shared prosperity ', 'THE EURO-MESS - PROTESTS ...Europeans are providing new evidence that  austerity  policies are failing a week of expected  anti - austerity protests  and a string of important growth and away from  austerity . Their calls have ', "weak economic recovery, we have  high unemployment  and higher underemployment. At because of -- because of misplaced  austerity  ... SCHMIDT: That number won't throw out. I think that we have to  occupy  the majority with people who will ", 'gone from the age of terror to the age of  austerity ." And this age of  austerity  is seeing some of the more conservative members problems that face us: a mountain of debt,  high unemployment , and the threats we face from radical Islam ', "actually pursuing a lot of fiscal  austerity  now. You look at the cbo numbers should be raising interest rates with  high unemployment ? I think to have zero percent with stimulus. We shouldn't be doing this  austerity . They know they're not going to unemployment rate it has had. All the  austerity  measures haven't worked in europe ", "in anticipation of that. So, we're actually pursuing a lot of fiscal austerity now. You look at the cbo numbers. We have had a basically contraction of about 3% of gdp since 2011, which is ", "that we should be doing more stimulus. We shouldn't be doing this austerity . They know they're not going to get it. The concept that nothing is going to happen, it's that nobody is trying. That's ", "The eurozone has the highest unemployment rate it has had. All the austerity measures haven't worked in europe. They're not working here. Yet, the administration is not putting forward a coherent vision that prioritizes jobs ", "morning traders are eyeing  protests  are happening in Madrid workers protesting the tough  austerity  measures. By the government's that government's tough  austerity  measures traders definitely with going through with the  austerity  measures. And cutting back also dealing with a very  high unemployment  rates. The unemployment ", "in Europe just refused to go away this morning traders are eyeing protests are happening in Madrid -- happening in Brussels. People on the street -- unions workers protesting the tough austerity measures. By the government's if you remember back in order to fight this sovereign debt crisis governments across -- up. Have pledged to cut spending -- and -- and budget cuts they're trying to lower those -- levels. And that is having an impact it -- salary that hurts workers and now they're taking it to the streets it's happy across Europe twelve countries right now. Are seeing protests including Ireland Italy Portugal some of these countries at the heart. That the debt crisis their marching through the streets. They are protesting that government's tough austerity measures traders definitely hot an -- on this this morning Stephanie it's a source of tension on the streets. In the market it's around minor that those sovereign debt problems are there they're going to be hard for governments to fight. And some traders are wondering our government's going to succeed with -- going through with the austerity measures. And cutting back the -- when the public is so unhappy so frustrated remember you're also dealing with a very high unemployment rates. The unemployment rate in Spain just hovers around 20%. So. You've got people out of work and they're protesting even tougher ", "looming question as to how we handle that part of that  high unemployment  has been so stubborn. Right now yet the Fed Chairman new kind of payroll tax cut. That's try to keep on  austerity  how do we cut the deficit we talk about me medium long term  austerity  cuts but he's also talking about short term increases ", "kind of payroll tax cut. That's try to keep on -- -- austerity how do we cut the deficit we talk about me medium -- long term austerity cuts but he's also talking about short term increases now and an -- -- extending those payroll tax -- any sort of ", "In Britain the government is drastic spending cuts  austerity . And this people took to the streets in protest that security and brought even more attention to Britain's  austerity  plan. Joining me now to discuss the global economy growth third jungle is enough growth. So you will always have  high unemployment  if you can actually have the growth that is necessary ", "In Britain the government is -- drastic spending cuts austerity . And this -- people took to the streets in protest that turned violent. Prince Charles and his wife Camilla on their way to fiesta in a twenty foot long Rolls Royce limousine. Got caught in the minutes. It's -- the royals and raised questions about security and brought even more attention to Britain's austerity plan. Joining me now to discuss the global economy growth unemployment is the former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown also former chancellor ", "growth in Britain the government drastic spending cuts  austerity . And this people took to the streets in protest that security and brought even more attention to Britain's  austerity  plan. Joining me now to discuss the global economy growth something jungle is enough growth so you'll always have  high unemployment  if you actually have the growth that is necessary to keep "]