['The president unveils new proposals to jump start debate for more American jobs.', "Before we're gonna see at  unemployment rate  contracting in meaningful as are improving gradually. The  unemployment rate  stood at seven point 6% in from satisfactory. It's the  unemployment rate  remains well above its longer ", "Wall Street and congress specifically. House financial services committee. Analysts there says unemployment and inflation numbers just aren't where they need to be. Investors perked up this morning markets -- positively text. Careful arts but ", "to do and Bernanke said over and over again. As long as unemployment stays about six and a half percent and inflation stays below 2%. He's going to -- this economy to the extent possible ", "that in he is in his remarks -- will. He talked about unemployment being one number that they really want to see improves how much -- the Fed need to see that number of crew before they me. Change course we're at seven point 6% in unemployment right now. -- that's way too high vernacular like take that down to six and a half percent unemployment . Bernanke's is centered on be leaving office sometime in January he is not going to be there when we get to six -- percent unemployment . We're gonna need to see a substantial. Improvement in the number jobs are -- into the economy which has been about 200000. A -- for the last year or so we need that number close to 3350. Before we're gonna see at unemployment rate contracting in -- meaningful -- -- -- as I said it has a lot of room here and it's going to be ", 'would jeopardize that housing recovery in the overall economic recovery. Ben Bernanke also said last night that the  unemployment rate  is actually higher than the stats might indicator we at a point where the markets. Can really tell us about the ', 'the overall economic recovery. Ben Bernanke also said last night that the unemployment rate is actually higher than the stats might indicator we at a point where the markets. Can really tell us about the economy ', "against organized crime. And governor where we reformed the state budget, fully funded education, reformed health care, the  unemployment  compensation system. And there's a lot of push back from wall street, they have won, they are right, and years before ", "we reformed the state budget, fully funded education, reformed health care, the unemployment compensation system. And there's a lot of push back from wall street, they have won, they are right, and years before 2008, ", 'Statistics. The numbers for April and may also revised up as employers added more than 70000 more jobs than first reported.  Unemployment  though that rate remains at seven point 6% all of this good news for main street Wall Street though. May have a different ', 'up as employers added more than 70000 more jobs than first reported. Unemployment though that rate remains at seven point 6% -- all of this good news for main street Wall Street though. May have ', 'and also a minor uptick in the near-term in the  unemployment rate . How does that play out? Unbalance the growth is the future of the economy. We have 7.5 or 6%  unemployment . We have slow growth, and most importantly, we ', "worried about the future of the economy. We have 7.5 or 6% unemployment . We have slow growth, and most importantly, we still have a congress that's doing nothing. Passed fewer laws than even president truman's ", 'for five years really five years ago four years ago  unemployment  was 10% in this country now seven point 6%. And report this week. Said that next year they expect the  unemployment rate  to go to six point 5% to that would mean that businesses ', 'question now for five years really five years ago four years ago unemployment was 10% in this country now -- seven point 6%. And while we are seeing improvements in the picture at health care ', "set out more specific. Terms that look relatively plausible. For when the Fed might do something for example 7%  unemployment rate  which could happen early next year right forecast and he might say he said that might be enough. That's certainly ", "relatively plausible. For when the Fed might do something for example 7% unemployment rate which could happen early next year right -- forecast and he might say he said that might be enough. That's certainly caught ", "week in a row that  unemployment claims  have shot up surprising insufficient. To stop  unemployment  from rising. Already morning's news that  unemployment .  Claims  rose again. Compels Of all recent  job losses . Pat hours owns ", 'reported that small businesses accounted for more than 60%. Of all recent job losses . Pat hours -- -- owns a 7-Eleven and -- -- one New York. Usually every -- RI higher at least two or ', "a third week that  unemployment claims  have shot up surprising sufficient. To stop  unemployment  from rising. Already morning's news that  unemployment .  Claims  rose again. Compels Of all recent  job losses . Pat owns a 7-Eleven ", 'reported that small businesses accounted for more than 60%. Of all recent job losses . Pat -- -- owns a 7-Eleven in -- -- one New York. Usually every -- RI higher at least two or three ', 'child. The employees were threatened when they complained which was rare with the threat of deportation with the threat of  job loss . Reporter: Police have not implicated 7-eleven corporation but say the company lacked adequate checks and balances in its ', 'which was rare with the threat of deportation with the threat of job loss . Reporter: Police have not implicated 7-eleven corporation but say the company lacked adequate checks and balances in its payroll department. In a ', 'virginia. Employees were threatened when they complained which was rare with the threat of deportation, with the threat of  job loss . It was a terrible viemt for these employees and they were ruthlessly exploited. Reporter: Federal officials say they were ', 'which was rare with the threat of deportation, with the threat of job loss . It was a terrible viemt for these employees and they were ruthlessly exploited. Reporter: Federal officials say they were tipped off to ', "economy. News today the  unemployment rate  has tumbled from 9 the latest jobs the  unemployment rate  unexpectedly fell from the worst of the  job losses . They took place isn't big drop that  unemployment  number. It certainly ", 'a look. Here is the path back from the worst of the job losses . They took place more than a year ago back in February 20. Ten but even with the print at the recent job ', "inside this economy and tonight the city with the lowest  unemployment  in the nation. How. ABC's David Muir drives us right grabs in North Dakota right now 3000 alone in Bismarck.  Unemployment  a stunningly low 3% the lowest rate in the country. What's ", "the undertow inside this economy and tonight the city with the lowest unemployment in the nation. How. ABC's David Muir drives us right into a place surging with prosperity. We flew over the great plains ", "up for grabs in North Dakota right now 3000 alone in Bismarck. Unemployment a stunningly low 3% the lowest rate in the country. What's behind it north Dakota's own oil boom but economists say it's ", "It came from the government's top banker, fed chairman ben bernanke said today that he expects the economy to grow and  unemployment  to fall well into next year, but he also signalled that years of low interest rates that have made it easy for companies ", 'ben bernanke said today that he expects the economy to grow and unemployment to fall well into next year, but he also signalled that years of low interest rates that have made it easy for ', "more than predicted. That helped bring down the  unemployment rate  to 7.7%, the lowest since december 2008. On days ahead? Friday's whiplashing headlines, the  unemployment rate  at the lowest in four years sent the dow to a new ", "last month, some 70,000 more than predicted. That helped bring down the unemployment rate to 7.7%, the lowest since december 2008. On wall street, the dow jones broke the all-time high for a fourth straight day. Is this a blip or a sign of better days ahead? Friday's whiplashing headlines, the unemployment rate at the lowest in four years sent the dow to a new high. It's clear that the country is building, healing, and ", "look back to the 2001 recession to see a longer period of  job losses . Economists say today's report while better than predicted US economy likely won't recover that fast. During July  job losses  came in at number of industries the construction trades at ", "look back to the 2001 recession to see a longer period of job losses . Economists say today's report while better than predicted is bad news for the overall economy. When people start seeing layoffs whether it's to them -- their neighbors they start worrying about paying their bills that in turn makes them think twice before. Buying things economists say if consumers spending continues to drop the overall US economy likely won't recover that fast. During July job losses came in at number of industries the construction trades at manufacturing continue to see layoffs. Auto dealers have started to cut payrolls ", 'forecast on the  unemployment rate  is now predicted year that the  unemployment rate  will continue recession is that  unemployment  can referred looking to file  unemployment claims . And while month of a big  job losses . Also today ', "laying off feds are having trouble keeping up with the rapidly growing unemployment numbers. So just how many Americans stand to lose their jobs. ABC's Charlie Herman is joining us now the latest Charlie good morning good morning so let's Begin by talking about the Fed's forecast on the unemployment rate is now predicted decline to between eight point five and eight point 8% this year. And and it also predicted that going in to 2010 into next year that the unemployment rate will continue to rise. And that this is so often one of the problems when you get into recession is that unemployment can -- -- referred to -- a lagging indicator meaning. That even though the government is predicting that there could be an increase. Two that the overall economy by the end of this year. Unemployment itself sort of keep rising as companies hold off on -- anyone until they're sure really that. -- bottom line is better on the economy is better. Those numbers are pretty scary errant -- they are and new -- today we got some more figures about a jobless claims people looking to file unemployment claims . And while it was equal to last week really unchanged. What what we're seeing here still is an overall trend that shows the more and more people who are getting unemployment benefits. And again we're sort of setting ourselves up for another month of a big job losses . Also today Charlie the government says inflation at the wholesale level surged unexpectedly in January and that reflects sharply. Higher prices for ", "back our. Economy's growing again the flood of  job losses  we saw the beginning of this year slowed to a of we need done. I've called for the extension of  unemployment insurance  and health benefits to help those who lost their ", "Begin to get us back our. Economy's growing again the flood of job losses we saw the beginning of this year slowed to a -- of trickle last month. These are all good signs for the ", "our crumbling roads and bridges like the the collapse last week in Washington State we'd all be safer. And the  unemployment rate  would fall faster. And congress should fix our broken immigration system by passing common sense reform. The continues ", "collapse last week in Washington State we'd all be safer. And the unemployment rate would fall faster. And congress should fix our broken immigration system by passing common sense reform. The continues to strengthen our borders "]