['Document signed by over 1,000 special operations veterans demands Congress hold White House accountable', "Along petition rolled out on Capitol Hill you see -- here.  Demanding congress told members the administration accountable for what they call a cover up on Ben Ghazi Libya.  A petition -- them more than a thousand special operations veterans like this.  I know my compatriots.  On both retired and those that are on active duty were -- at the bit.  To be launched we need to try the guts to try that sends a message.  Sends a message to those on active duty sends a message to those insert that we will never -- you.  Behind you talk congressman Jason -- -- it's Republican member of the house oversight Government Reform Committee traveled Libya after the attackers are good morning.  And welcome back here tell me more about the school.  Who signed it what do they want.  -- like you've you've got people who have been there been in the fight fighting for this country.  Who cannot stand the fact -- the Obama administration has continued to mislead the American public.  They lied about what happened when it happened.  They've been slow walking us in providing the American people that information and so I totally sympathize with what they're saying and if but for the House of Representatives we would still be -- a listening to the Obama administration say that this is a demonstration which it was not.  That -- there's a bit of a push and pull for house Republicans do because you've been having what I think for different committees.  Are carrying out hearings right now but folks like yourself one you -- a select committee to look candidates.  And and I -- facility you do -- you don't.  -- -- -- I think the -- the speaker has this with the committee's doing the investigations I think is gone just right so you're you're you're you're OK you're OK record as the speaker hasn't gone there doesn't see.  It as being necessary -- yet resolve these committees are doing the work but I think give a 120 lawmakers in the house.  Who do well -- what do you say they've -- There have been a number there was a number of months there where there were no -- subpoenas going out the door and I think there was a lot of frustration I think the house.  As a whole -- the Republican side have been very frustrated.  On the lack of progress.  Given what the administration is doing -- I think we need to focus our efforts on the -- obstructionists here.  Which is truly the white house speaker Boehner has really loosened up -- ability to issue subpoenas.  And down every time we're doing a press conference not every -- -- coming on television week before last -- -- -- -- five hours.  A transcribed interviews there was no media about that it's something I work on every single day there are lots of people don't work on this.  We are making progress but even just a couple weeks ago bill.  The administration when we finally had issued a subpoena to get somebody come up to Capitol Hill then we had another document dump from the State Department giving -- More thought I was only -- and and you remember general Carter Ham right he was -- had -- US forces in Africa.  He said in the early moments of that quote this was not a demonstration.  This was a violent attack.  Now he also went on to say though that a quick response was not possible.  And went on to defend the decision not to scramble fighter jets so I I wonder in the investigation that you're conducting here.  Where you believe ultimately the issue -- Ben Ghazi goats.  Well we wanna get to the truth dearth of well I call three buckets what happened beforehand of the death trap that was created there -- been -- What happened in the 25 hours during that attack and by the time we can finally -- our wounded to Germany.  And then the lies in that -- -- direction that the administration gave us afterwards we're looking into all three of those so called buckets.  Along the way this is taking a lot longer than anybody wants to but there is one reason for that it's not speaker -- It's because of President Obama secretary Kerry and that the Department of Defense they are the ones that are slow walking this I wish I could wrap it up what every one of those families in the -- -- say.  This is what happened this is what was wrong this is how the administration botched this.  But I can't do so until I get the administration to fess up and provide -- the -- But I will credit speaker Boehner lately -- actually providing the subpoenas needed to drive people there we've had classified hearing.  We as we go into the fall we'll have a series of open hearings where the world will be able to see us question these people.  We don't need to select committee to do any of this we can do within the committees and that's what we're doing Jayson chanted thank you the Republican that you talked with talked to him thank you think. "]