["-- the village noontime new pressure on house Republicans.  To bring a vote on legislation that would allow a special committee.  To investigate the deadly console attack and Ben Ghazi Libya my next guest releasing what some believed to be the largest petition ever presented to congress.  Literally a sixty foot long scroll -- veterans signatures who want this investigation.  To happen Republican congressman Steve Stockman and Texas.  Is a member of the house foreign affairs committee answer welcome our program and good morning.  You.  That's what did you -- a moment but why do you think a special investigation is necessary.  Well it's been a year since and in Gaza happen.  My own committee which is invested in the Gaza we have had now two hearings canceled and we believe it's because of witnessing tampering or intimidation.  The State Department has refused to release.  A lot of witnesses from their commitments that they signed an oath of secrecy or whatever.  We're asking the State Department to allow the witnesses come forward stop interfering with investigation.  Since they refuse to do that were asking for special committee.  -- has subpoena power to open up this what's really the sad situation and I believe is involved with many people -- and I think this could.  The explosive if it ever got to the people.  That the house speaker John Boehner has not gone there and he's been asked about it repeatedly and he says there were four different committees doing fine work already.  Why is -- wrong.  Well because you obviously among among the members of the committee were -- -- cooperation for the State Department.  We need more subpoena power we -- more focus on this issue it's not working at those working I wouldn't say anything but quite clearly if it.  If you're having witnesses that don't show while they don't wanna come who claim that the State Department is forced -- -- -- additional security agreements.  This is that this is a situation we need someone with special powers to -- the issue subpoenas and doesn't -- -- that's in the house have subpoena power now.  Not really apparently we've we've tried to get them to come forward that through some.  Contradiction between what they've signed this is when they first come on.  The state department's also make him -- additional pledges so there's a conflict filled with what they can talk to us -- we have special subpoena powers.  I believe we can get to the bottom all right get others have argued otherwise and that but you believe this spend -- investigations get -- leads them.  Admirable but what is your hunch what is it well you have that tell you what answers really give you.  -- we have so many of the administration trying to block the testimony we having heard from.  Many of -- with the survivors.  That were there we haven't heard from a lot of people.  In the way that they're so -- and about this and so we only two to go around congress and not let us hear the information.  It just raises the level suspicion.  That there's something going on -- smoke there was probably a lot of fire so you think they're hiding something.  -- well clearly there they're working so hard to stop witnesses coming forward.  The sixty foot scroll at -- time I do believe it's been signed by a thousand special ops veterans.  Well this happened today -- getting resistance on that from capitol police.  Well we're live -- police say they were now a -- -- do but we'll work with him right now we're gonna on unfurled that this world.  And it's demanding that they we have a special investigation we owe it to -- survivors we also -- it to the victims that were killed there.  That more of the story be told this is not something we should hyphen American have you contacted the speaker's office and told him about your intentions in itself.  Oh yeah issued.  Well he doesn't -- anything to me personally there were among them know that.  I'd.  Respect the speaker respect Pete session of fellow Texas congressman.  And this is something has really been done -- I think there before releasing petition against the -- of the house so.  We're we're.  Don't know words can lead to but we hope it leads to find the truth and into the -- and you and you exists in any kind of attention and needs 1934.  You say that was the last time.  As last time according to the parliamentarian.  Discharge petition was done against the rule.  In the house so we're doing some -- little bit now a little bit I think it's I'm -- votes that's needed while wanted to Milledge.  -- as you know now will be interviewed -- this is a man who was thought to be in retirement.  Or near retirement and he was.  Some would argue block from an investigation he will now speak -- back give you answers you need.  I hope so but I also want to hear from some of the survivors they're not being allowed to speak and also some of the people that have.  Apparently signed sworn statements of -- silence.  I call upon the State Department to release them from those commitments -- our answer we'll see where that goes thank you for your time.  Steve Stockman noon time.  A sixty foot scroll we'll see how would -- sir thank you for your time from Capitol Hill are at seventy. "]