['The attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, last week appeared to be a joint operation orchestrated by an Al Qaeda affiliate in North Africa and the Islamis...', 'JUST IN: Intel Sources Say Libya  Attack Tied to Al Qaeda  and Former Gitmo Detainee Sufyan Ben Qumu', "Al Qaeda's No. 2 Ayman al-Zawahri harshly criticized Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi in a new audio tape Saturday, accusing him of being an enemy of Islam and threaten...", 'Libyan authorities released on Tuesday 90 members of an Al Qaeda-affiliate from a Tripoli prison after they denounced violence, a government-backed charity said.The ...', 'Al Qaeda , ex-Gitmo detainee involved in consulate attack, intelligence sources say', 'Intelligence sources tell Fox News they are convinced the deadly attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, was directly tied to Al Qaeda -- with a former Guan...', "Democrats now critical of Rice's Benghazi explanation, amid more damaging evidence", '"If four Americans get killed, it\'s not optimal. We are going to fix it. All of it."-- President Obama on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" talking about the attack ...', 'Counter-terrorism expert Neil Livingstone and Fox News Middle East expert Dr. Walid Phares discuss the growing strength of  Al Qaeda in Libya .', 'As the Obama administration openly considers arming Libyan rebels to repel forces led by Col, Muammar al-Qaddafi, reports that "flickers" of al Qaeda may be present ...', 'As Mali attempts to restore stability through elections after armed conflict with Al Qaeda-linked militias, the spotlight has been thrown on the growing threat of Is...', 'FNC national security analyst KT McFarland on the potential risks of the U.S. sending arms to the rebels in Syria.', "Morsi supporters, opponents clash again on Egypt's streets. Violence widespread in Iraq: What happened when American forces left? And could renewed violence in Colombia impact the US?", 'The Pentagon presents Congress with a menu for Syria, Senate races 2014 and big brother at HUD. Chris and guests discuss']