["Tonight a senior US military commander at the time of the Benghazi Libya attacks.  Has come forward with first hand knowledge to say it was clear the attack on the consulate.  Had nothing to do with an anti Islam YouTube video from the beginning.  Chief intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge has the story forces.  The.  Former head of US forces and Africa general Carter handled the Aspen security foreign.  That he was in Washington DC for a routine meeting with Defense Secretary Panetta and chairman of the joint chiefs Martin Dempsey.  When alert came in from commanders in Stuttgart Germany that a violent assault was under way in then -- -- and ambassador Chris Stevens was missing.  This was not a demonstration this was this was this was violence -- attack do you think it was a terrorist could.  I don't I don't know that that was my first reaction.  But but pretty quickly -- -- as we started to gain understanding within that the hours after that -- that after the initiation of the attack yes.  -- him did not address reports he was pushed into retirement after being -- He -- a quick response was not possible and he defended the decision not to scramble fighter jet.  It's in my military judgment that if there wouldn't there was not necessity.  And there were not a clear purpose in doing so.  -- comments over the weekend are in line with his former boss who testified before congress when I later found out that.  You -- RPG's and mortars and there was an attack on that second facility there was no question in my eyes virus attack.  Asked why then secretary of state Hillary Clinton blamed a video for Ben Ghazi on September 12.  With senior military officials knew the day before it was terrorism not a demonstration.  Distinct department tried to -- -- the disconnect as old news.  Well again I'm not going to litigate -- thirty then evaluated.  In a letter to Defense Secretary hagel and secretary of state Kerry Republican congressman Frank Wolf is pressing the administration to explain.  Why it is not use the military to -- -- -- Ghazi suspects.  Carter handled the -- conference the fragile government in Libya is to blame for the investigations lack of progress.  -- will continue to follow developments Catherine thank you a straw. "]