["a Western-backed U.N. resolution aimed at pressuring Assad's government to end the escalating civil war in Syria.  Omar Suleiman , 76, Egypt's former spy chief, deposed President Hosni Mubarak's top lieutenant and keeper of secrets who ran for president ", "for years had come to trust and depend on former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's right hand man, Intelligence Chief  Omar Suleiman . He brokered the initial peace deal between Hamas and Israel and was respected by both sides. Suleiman lost power when ", 'produced to market, the Wall Street Journal reports. MUBARAK TOP AIDE DIES Former Egyptian Vice President and spy chief  Omar Suleiman  died in a U.S. hospital early today. Some reports suggest he died in Cleveland. Suleiman was appointed Vice President ', "man who experts say oversaw torture for the Mubarak regime is ineligible to run for president. Former intelligence chief  Omar Suleiman  had appealed a government ruling barring him from running for president in the country's upcoming elections. Suleiman ", "Omar Suleiman , in Yasser Arafat's headquarters, May 24, 2004. (Hussein Hussein/Getty Images) Former Egyptian spy chief  Omar Suleiman , who experts say oversaw torture for the Mubarak regime, has appealed a government ruling barring him ", 'experts, and even aided the CIA in its controversial "rendition" program for suspected terrorists. The announcement by  Omar Suleiman  that he would be running for president brought thousands of protestors into Cairo\'s streets this week, and spurred Egypt\'s ', "Ben Curtis/AP Photo) Protesters gather in Tahrir Square in Cairo, Egypt, Feb. 6, 2011. Egypt's  Vice President Omar Suleiman  meets with major opposition groups for the first time and agrees to freedom of the press and to release those ", "the military that he would be protected and not prosecuted, the source said. Mubarak's newly appointed  Vice President Omar Suleiman , who is a former intelligence chief, read out the statement announcing Mubarak's resignation. He too ", 'key posts and have a vested interest in blocking reform. These include top military and ex-military: Lieutenant-Gen.  Omar Suleiman , the former head of the military intelligence service and now vice president; Ahmed Shafik, a former air force commander ', 'Uncertainty Mounts as Military Takes Control, Discontent Spreads to Other Countries', 'to his hand-picked  vice president ,  Omar Suleiman , but he did not say less than one minute,  Vice President Suleiman  came on state television the military, but is  Vice President Suleiman  still there? Is Prime ', 'And so today for the first time is incredible week. Things look back to normal there is traffic banks have been open for several hours today and also an unprecedented. Political process is under way. For the first time in the history of this country. The government has now met with members of the', "Welcome back I'm Brian Ross in New York. In the midst of the uprising in of this week Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak tapped a man by the name of Omar so long as his vice president and potential successor. Well known to US officials Sullivan has been the head of the Egyptian intelligence since", 'In the midst of the uprising in this week Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak tapped a man by the name of Omar and as his vice president and potential successor. Well known to US officials Solomon has been the head of the Egyptian intelligence since 1993. And intelligence experts tell ABC news He in', "Attempting to pacify the masses President Hosni Mubarak to. They named a vice president role that hasn't existed under  Omar Suleiman  is Egypt's powerful intelligence chief. And now Mubarak's obvious successor let's face it what they're doing is ", "to. They named a vice president role that hasn't existed under -- Omar Suleiman is Egypt's powerful intelligence chief. And now Mubarak's obvious successor let's face it what they're doing -- is that they are setting "]