['signaled to President Obama to  president Mubarak  by the way. The army is taking succeed him within the without the  President Mubarak  told me something remarkable presidents. I was just talking to  President Mubarak . And He told me that He did ', '-- to -- yet another and acted signaled to President Obama to president Mubarak by the way. The army is taking a more proactive go to keep it inside to pop. It would if you like ', "62 years and I'm fed up I want to retire at. But Mubarak also told me that He feels He cannot retire now because quotes there will be -- -- posting -- biggest fear is that the planned Islamic policies also Robert Byrd would take power. My administration's been closely monitoring the situation in Egypt. I asked him whether He felt betrayed by the United States sort of -- but He didn't. He didn't tell -- today that Obama is a very good man. -- Mubarak also told me that He told President Obama. You don't understand the Egyptian concepts. You don't understand what would happen if I retired today. His son -- who many believed would succeed him within the -- without the President Mubarak told me something remarkable. He said He never intended to run for another child and He says He never planned -- his ", "question to a newly appointed vice presidents. I was just talking to President Mubarak . And He told me that He did not like what He -- on the streets does that very thing you to see. And we never have this before if they don't leave. Which they say they -- until President Mubarak means what when you do when you give an order. We were told him He will not -- in the violence again ", "the in these difficult circumstances. The country is passing by Italy's government. in what has decided.  President Hosni Mubarak . President post has decided to step down as president. Are they Egypt's He has decided that the higher council ", "passing by Italy's government. -- in what has decided. -- -- -- President Hosni Mubarak . President post -- has decided to step down as president. Are they Egypt's He has decided that the higher council of the ", "yesterday. Announced that the era of  Mubarak  was over. I don't know Mohammed  Hosni Mubarak President Hosni Mubarak  has decided to step down for the reforms. They're the reforms that  President Mubarak  and his vice president originally ", "the whole world to believe again in the future filled with hope. President Hosni Mubarak is gone after thirty years of control top isn't just 82 days. By protesters armed with determination and faith and freedom. This ", "this millennium -- that a team vice president Omar still -- -- Hosni Mubarak's longtime collaborator in the many shows to inherit his powers just yesterday. Announced that the era of Mubarak was over. I don't know -- Mohammed Hosni Mubarak President Hosni Mubarak has decided to step down for the office of president of the republic He said. And He concluded may god guide -- ", 'Palace there.  President Hosni Mubarak  the strong interview with  Hosni Mubarak  since the wondered the  President Mubarak  bad and I Connect pot  President Mubarak  and people sounds as if  Hosni Mubarak  is determined ', "Extraordinary exclusive interview from inside Egypt's Presidential Palace there. President Hosni Mubarak the strong man whose thirty year grip on power is loosening waits. And watches outside Doe's fortified walls chaos another day of bloody clashes with what is He thinking. When Willie stepped down. Christiane -- on poor brings us the first interview with Hosni Mubarak since the protests began Christiane. -- good evening it had been the most extraordinary 24 hour. Why now liberal talking -- you ", "embattled Egyptian  President Hosni Mubarak  she talked with safe and what did  President Mubarak  say you. Good thirteen minutes with  President Hosni Mubarak  in a reception finished talking to  president Mubarak 's. specifically ", 'man at the center of the storm in Cairo the embattled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak she talked with him. And as you know it has been a dangerous trip journalists target as they move through the streets there but she is on the phone with us now. Christiane first of all we are glad that you are safe and what did President Mubarak say -- you. Good afternoon -- I spoke to about thirteen minutes with President Hosni Mubarak in a reception room at the college and I -- -- would teach -- now. These promised to leave -- could not ', 'was appointed just days ago by  President Hosni Mubarak  saying this morning. Dear citizens  President Hosni Mubarak  has decided stepping down. Is last seventeen days first it was  President Mubarak  needs to power. And the constitutional ', 'course is the vice president. Who was appointed just days ago by President Hosni Mubarak saying this morning. Dear citizens President Hosni Mubarak has decided stepping down. Is the best thing to do He is -- -- the army to take over. And so we ', "the opulent life and Egyptian  President Hosni Mubarak . The red carpets are always international spotlight on  president Hosni Mubarak 's alleged corruption and following the money. That permits  Mubarak 's opulent lifestyle. What's ", 'Lifestyle of the rich and hated. Inside the opulent life and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . The red carpets are always leave town for them and people receive them like -- -- -- the -- in -- the ', "both of you. Christiane, I would like to start with you. You had the last interview with the last egyptian  president ,  hosni mubarak . They're taking great pains, the military, to say this isn't a coup. But it is, isn't it? This is ", "start with you. You had the last interview with the last egyptian president , hosni mubarak . They're taking great pains, the military, to say this isn't a coup. But it is, isn't it? This is going to be ", "state television is right now showing pictures. Of  President Hosni Mubarak  America's long time but not ally swearing in the will this mean on the streets. Now we concede that  Hosni Mubarak  wants to institute reforms he's already appointed ", "And state television is right now showing pictures. Of President Hosni Mubarak America's long time but not -- ally swearing in the new cabinet the new government this is what He said He was going to do when He made that speech to the nation on Friday on television. That the government had resigned He had ordered that resignation He was going to -- -- new government in place. The question of course is what will this mean on the streets. Now we concede that Hosni Mubarak wants to institute reforms he's already appointed a well known men or muscle -- -- as his vice president for the first time ever for the first time in 31 years of his rule. But on the streets people at a gathering again and talked his way even though the -- He -- is increasing the try to slow down those protests Robin. Do you think this is going to be -- enough Christiane because the protesters have been adamant they want Mubarak out. Not just the -- government they want him not to be a part of that's exactly right that was what we ", "drama in Egypt.  President Hosni Mubarak  of Egypt was widely halfway through the  Mubarak 's speech. When where she interviewed  President Mubarak  and the vice president's calling for. In  president Mubarak 's speech although ", 'world have been watching another extraordinary chapter in this drama in Egypt. President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt was widely expected to be announcing tonight. That He might be stepping down but instilled something quite different. He said ', "with the government of  President Hosni Mubarak  on the ropes trying to singular focus of their is  President Hosni Mubarak . America's staunchest After days of classes  President Mubarak  had still not said a word ", "Cheers battles. It's been an incredible 24 hours with the government of President Hosni Mubarak on the ropes trying to figure out what to do in the face of such incredible anger. The scenes are unprecedented. Most ", "decisions a lot of them. This singular focus of their -- is President Hosni Mubarak . America's staunchest Arab ally who has been in office so long He has seen five US president's. Egyptians blames government for rampant ", "come to a solution. Have we heard from the former  President Hosni Mubarak  the man that Mohammed more had replaced that we asking whether or not we've heard from the former  President Hosni Mubarak  on his first. We haven't heard anything from ", "table and come to a solution. Have we heard from the former President Hosni Mubarak the man that Mohammed more -- had replaced that we heard from him at all. In reaction knowledge that 48 hour ultimatum but -- these demonstrations have been taking place. I'm sorry I can't hear you but yet when I was just asking about whether we've heard from the former president -- -- far. Who was replaced in that first democratic election by Mohammed more -- that we heard from Mubarak And so sorry I I still -- -- that's OK we're we -- weird can you hear me now Dana. And -- ", "-- I was asking whether or not we've heard from the former President Hosni Mubarak on his first. -- We haven't heard anything from hot and bark at me then the last reports that we heard about ", "We'll as a trial of ousted Egyptian  President Hosni Mubarak  enters its second day egyptians have found an interesting way to market the downfall the president by making his not guilty plea ", "We'll as a trial of ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak enters its second day egyptians have found an interesting way to market the downfall the president by making his not guilty plea. ", 'ejected.  Hosni Mubarak  has decided to announced. That  President Hosni Mubarak  has stepped down president of Egypt  Hosni Mubarak  is resigning according passing through  President Hosni Mubarak . Has decided to ', "vice president Omar -- lament on Egyptian state TV has announced. That President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down now earlier we have learned. That the president was no longer in Cairo that He and his family had flown to Sharm el Sheikh which is a resort hot town where they have a home. That is a symbolic gesture -- that powers had already been transferred to the vice president. And now we -- learning that He has indeed stepped -- I have the full statement here that I will read from vice president sold land saying. My fellow citizens in this difficult time the country is going through the president Mohammed Hosni Mubarak has decided to relieve himself of his position. As president and a supreme military council has taken control of the State's affairs may god protect test. In entire career square the crowds are chanting tar rear Egypt is freed. First three weeks now going on three weeks thousands and thousands of Egyptian citizens have been calling for the ouster. Of Hosni Mubarak who has ruled that country. For three decades He is 82 years old under him a state of emergency law had been ", 'and innocent. You are watching a breaking news -- president of Egypt Hosni Mubarak is resigning according to the vice president of the country sue LaMont. Who announced moments ago on Egyptian state TV. That in these difficult circumstances the country is passing through President Hosni Mubarak . Has decided to leave the position of the presidency you are watching the proud to go why -- In the center of ', 'storm. The in battle Egyptian  President Hosni Mubarak  82 years old. Who survived at hand using signs saying stay  Mubarak . And He denied the other administered this did not commit yet. And  Mubarak  is not bad in was referring to ', 'man at the center of this worldwide storm. The in battle Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 82 years old. Who survived at least six assassination attempts in his life but is now encircled by chaos and to get ', 'Despite their differences have a singular goal  President Mubarak  leave after thirty years. And power. Artists that stopping every few feet telling us why they want  President Mubarak  to step down. But person after person is also telling ', 'or religious and secular. Despite their differences have a singular goal -- President Mubarak leave after thirty years. And power. -- -- -- Artists that the border is suffering now both -- and articles of violence ', "crowds without people stopping every few feet telling us why they want President Mubarak to step down. But person after person is also telling us that all of this talk about freedom they don't feel that ", "was announced earlier today the  President Hosni Mubarak  would address the country in yielding. They won't stop until  Mubarak . Yeah. And then everything me. Everyone thought He met  Mubarak  was being forced out finished ", "in that nation's long history. When it was announced earlier today the President Hosni Mubarak would address the country in a live speech tonight. Many of his opponents as -- they were about to hear the incredible ", 'Egypt for the 83 year old  Hosni Mubarak  of Egypt to once stood Astride the Square foot iron cage. 83 year old  Mubarak  reportedly in poor health and rolled categorically denies all the charges  Mubarak  told the court. In that. During ', 'Egypt for the 83 year old Hosni Mubarak of Egypt to once stood Astride the Middle East -- steadfast. Ally for every American president since Jimmy Carter. Looked like this ', 'station there is reporting that and a senior Egyptian official. Has told me. That there strong indications that  President Mubarak  has left Cairo which would. Keep him as the figurehead president that we were discussing speech last night. He ', 'senior Egyptian official. Has told me. That there -- strong indications that President Mubarak has left Cairo which would. Keep him as the figurehead president that we were discussing -- speech last night. He noted to ']