['"Morsi had given them cover to a certain extent," said Ahmed Salama, who works for a leading civil society group in northern Sinai. Now extremists fear "the army can go after them," and at the same time "they see this as an opportunity to kick the army out of Sinai."', 'Shortly after Morsi\'s was removed from office, thousands held a rally in northern Sinai proclaiming over loudspeakers the formation of a so-called "war council." They proclaimed that "the era of peace is over" and vowed security forces would be expelled.', '"Ansar al-Shariah wants to create an Islamic Emirate," said al-Manaee, a businessman with tribal links to extremists, referring to one of the militant groups operating in the area.', 'Extremist groups in Sinai had a complicated relationship with Morsi. The groups reject as too moderate the ideologies of his Muslim Brotherhood and even of the ultraconservative Salafis, viewing their participation in elections as heresy. Instead, they demand imposing a strict implementation of Shariah.', "Salafis often mediated with militants and urged them to give the president a chance. The Salafis have wide influence in Sinai, and many of them sympathize with the extremists' goals, if not their violent methods.", 'At the same time, Morsi warned against heavy security crackdowns that fueled local outrage in the past, preferring negotiations and promises of development. Critics accused him of being reluctant to go after militants for fear of alienating ultraconservative allies, while locals say his government failed to improve the quality of life in Sinai.', 'Soon after, Morsi said security forces had a chance to strike at suspects but did not in order to avoid killing civilians. The suspects have not been named and remain at large.', 'Then in May, militants kidnapped six policemen and a border guard. Morsi vowed to track them down but also warned against a heavy hand that could hurt the captives or the captors. After a week, the seven were freed, apparently after Salafi mediation. The kidnappers were never caught.', "Brotherhood officials say any Sinai anger over Morsi's removal is because of public support for his policies. His government repeatedly announced increased development funds to the peninsula.", 'Brotherhood spokesman Gehad el-Haddad said Morsi worked to reverse decades of state neglect.', 'Sinai residents "felt as if they were Egyptian citizens and that there was a functioning state delivering services to them," he said, adding that the army broke the people\'s trust when they "wiped out" the democratic process.', 'At a pro-Morsi rally in Cairo, prominent Brotherhood figure Mohammed el-Beltagy told the crowd that "what is happening in Sinai as a result of the military coup will stop the second that (army chief) Abdel-Fatah el-Sissi announces a reversal of the coup, fixes the situation and the president is reinstated."', 'That is echoed by Asad el-Beyk, a Morsi supporter in Sinai who calls for peaceful protests. He runs a privately-owned Shariah Court in el-Arish that rules on disputes for those who want decisions based on Islamic law rather than civil courts.', '"The entire situation in the country will not stabilize until Morsi is reinstated," he said.', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']