['Morsi supporters have touted their movement as a defense of democracy against a military coup that removed an elected leader, warning that the army is turning Egypt back to dictatorship.', 'At the same time, however, many of its leaders use the rhetoric that appeals mainly to their political base.', "Those opposed to Morsi were able to bring out millions in protests that began June 30 and demanded the president's removal.", 'Since his fall, those rallies have tapered off, although a crowd was in Tahrir Square on Friday evening for the traditional fast-breaking meal at sunset. The gathering was not intended to be a show of strength by the anti-Morsi camp.', 'The new administration is moving quickly with its transition, in part to force the Brotherhood to accept it and to show that Egypt is pressing ahead toward democracy.', 'At the same time, authorities are making allegations aimed at showing Morsi supporters are linked to violence and militancy.', 'While speaking of reconciliation, the interim leadership has intensified its crackdown on the Brotherhood, starting criminal investigations against Morsi and issuing arrest warrants for other members of the group.', 'A number of Brotherhood leaders with arrest warrants issued against them are  staying at a medical center connected to the Rabaah al-Adawiya Mosque, Brotherhood spokesman Ahmed Aref told The Associated Press, although he underlined that they are not hiding from arrest.', "The Brotherhood's top leader, Mohammed Badie, is not at the site, Aref said, adding that he did not know where he was.", 'On Friday, the U.S. joined Germany in calling for his release. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the United States agrees with the German Foreign Ministry, which has urged an "end to all restrictive measures considering Morsi."', 'Gehad el-Haddad, the group\'s spokesman, said in a message posted on his Twitter account that those in detention are "denied visitation, or delivery of clothes, food. All held in solitary confinement."', 'Prosecutors said they will investigate allegations that Morsi and 30 others Brotherhood leaders escaped from prison in 2011 with help from the Palestinian militant group Hamas. That jailbreak occurred amid the uprising that toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak.', '"Did el-Sissi sell his religion cheaply?" one speaker on the Rabaah al-Adawiya stage asked.', '"We are designated martyrs," the speaker added. "We call on el-Sissi and those who participated in this grand treason to repent."', 'Speaking to the AP, the Brotherhood spokesman el-Haddad said the rally was growing, a continuation of the 2011 uprising that had been centered at Tahrir Square.', '"This is exactly what we did in Tahrir during the revolution. We are doing it here," he said, adding that the Brotherhood can "keep functioning under a repressive police state."', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']