["A member of  Tunisia 's opposition People's Movement party political crisis that nearly derailed  Tunisia 's transition. The government has blamed charged with writing the new constitution.  Tunisia , the birthplace of the Arab Spring ", "round matches on outdoor hard courts at Baku Tennis Academy, Slovenia's Tadeja Majeric beat fifth-seeded Karolina Pliskova of the Czech Republic 7-5, 6-4 and Ons Jabeur of  Tunisia  defeated Daria Gavrilova of Russia 6-4, 6-0.", "A detained  Tunisian  member of the Ukrainian women's group new charges. Amina Sboui, 19, shocked  Tunisians  in March by posting her topless photos court, 140 kilometers (87 miles) from  Tunis , that she only intervened after guards ", '5-kilometer open water and USC-based Oussama Mellouli of  Tunisia  won the men\'s event. "It\'s a great job for the Trojans event here." At last year\'s London Games, Vogt was on  Tunisia \'s staff and coached Mellouli to gold in the 10K. Having ', 'A lawyer for a  Tunisian  feminist who is in prison awaiting trial says his client has now been charged with insulting a prison guard. Amina Sboui shocked  Tunisians  by posting on Facebook in March topless photos of herself denouncing ', 'A lawyer for a  Tunisian  feminist who is in prison awaiting trial says his client has now been charged with insulting a prison guard. Amina Sboui shocked  Tunisians  by posting on Facebook in March topless photos of herself denouncing ', 'year after social networking and other websites played a key role in protests that brought down governments in Egypt and  Tunisia . Also last year, regulators tightened controls on video, requiring providers to prescreen all material before posting ', 'said there are Pakistanis fighting in his area but not in large numbers. "Most of the muhajireen are Arab fighters from  Tunisia , Algeria, Iraq and Saudi Arabia," he said Sunday, using the Arab term for foreign fighters. "But we have seen Pakistanis ', 'some important U.S. allies, particularly in the Arab world, the native home of many of the 166 remaining detainees.  Tunisia , Egypt and Yemen are among those countries that have pressed the U.S. to turn over their nationals. The Obama administration ', 'anti-government protests have become a familiar refrain for the Obama administration, after protests turned to regime change in  Tunisia , Egypt and Libya in recent years. But Erdogan is a democratically elected leader three times over who boasts of close ', 'Qatar, the United Arab Emirates,  Tunisia , Germany, the United Kingdom Qatar, the United Arab Emirates,  Tunisia , Germany, the United Kingdom and Qatar, the United Arab Emirates,  Tunisia , Germany, the United Kingdom and ', 'cases have clustered in Saudi Arabia. But infections have also emerged in Jordan, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates,  Tunisia , Germany, the United Kingdom and France. All of the cases have ties to the Middle East, according to the World Health ', "Distract the difference it was a risk so but it's working so far that you you need to  Tunisia  first reflect its in the Asia tomorrow we're headlining in  tunis  and and one in Lebanon the next thing and in. And then from look at all the Tulsa ", "so but it's working so far that you -- you need to Tunisia first reflect its in the Asia tomorrow we're headlining -- in tunis and and one in Lebanon the next thing and in. And then from look at all the Tulsa. It's also home -- ", "we Very you know very unstable. Countries and the rest the Middle East whether it's you know Syria Lebanon. You know  Tunisia . Libya the list goes on so to At this as such importing country like Egypt to meet top of that list is very scary not ", "rest the Middle East whether it's you know Syria Lebanon. You know Tunisia . Libya the list goes on so to -- At this as such importing country like Egypt to meet top of that list ", "Sure it is. But it's a good thing in that people are demanding their rightful place. They overthrew a corrupt regime?  Tunisia . They were unhappy with the leadership that wouldn't listen to them in egypt. But a lesson of september 11th is in ", "that people are demanding their rightful place. They overthrew a corrupt regime? Tunisia . They were unhappy with the leadership that wouldn't listen to them in egypt. But a lesson of september 11th is in order ", "here. This is the city of facts  Tunisia  a three hour drive from the Libyan That's more wet behind the He is  Tunisian  excerpt from  tunis  He wants to be filmmaker. Greens And that's the cities and  Tunisia  right near the border. As we ", "the city facts. That's more wet behind the -- He is -- Tunisian excerpt from tunis He wants to be filmmaker. Greens -- Steven Spielberg one -- does everything for translating that that just X. And He drove -- for the desert towards the Libyan border -- spectacular sight very undeveloped very sparsely populated as -- They are away from the border one of the things we saw a lot -- work she. Or that's more like all the chips chips in -- bag of -- in the desert today. And that's -- -- -- the cities and Tunisia right near the border. As we approached the border we came across -- refugee camp the same -- I visited a month ", "watching and the Muslim nation of  Tunisia  it is now sparking protests in other At least 78 people were killed in  Tunisia . A demonstration forced the country's recent days. Copycats of a man in  Tunisia  who became a symbol of the opposition ", "bed daring dramatic uprising we've been watching and the Muslim nation of Tunisia it is now sparking protests in other countries. At least 78 people were killed in Tunisia . A -- demonstration forced the country's brutal dictator to flee and now the question is will other strong -- leaders in that ", 'in the Arab world in recent days. Copycats of a man in Tunisia who became a symbol of the opposition. But it is the explosion of voices from the region on social media breaking through ', "will other powerful leaders in the region suffered the same fate as Tunisia and -- I'll -- Will the dominoes fall. Toppling Egypt's powerful ruler Hosni Mubarak King Abdullah of Jordan where fuel and food ", "security forces have been fighting a gun battle with suspected members of the presidential guard at the Presidential Palace. The  Tunisian  prime minister said there will be zero tolerance for anybody who threaten the country's security following the overthrow ", "with suspected members of the presidential guard at the Presidential Palace. The Tunisian prime minister said there will be zero tolerance for anybody who threaten the country's security following the overthrow the president on Friday. "]