["parents monitor their drug use he uses is Smart phone's camera to measure how I respond to light. Back 12 prize in a recent  Microsoft  contest and will go on sale in just a couple of weeks. And Ford has unveiled some high tech police cars when these vehicles ", 'how -- I respond to light. Back 12 prize in a recent Microsoft contest and will go on sale in just a couple of weeks. And Ford has unveiled some high tech police cars when ', 'chief happiness officer " Nataly Kogan was inspired to create Happier when her achievements, which includes working at  Microsoft  and selling a multimillion-dollar company to Paypal, still didn\'t make her truly happy. She then read some research ', 'billion. The plan calls for paying for most of this through loans, including $2 billion from longtime Dell partner  Microsoft Corp . If it succeeds: Michael Dell is hoping to evolve the company into a more diversified seller of technology services ', "before him if he is to alter the course of the struggling online game maker. WHAT TO WATCH FOR: Mattrick, who hails from  Microsoft 's Xbox business, arrived in early July, meaning that he'll be explaining Zynga's performance in the three months before ", 'about PRISM, under which the NSA seized data from Google,  Microsoft , Apple, Facebook and AOL. Bushong is moving to San Diego PowerPoint presentation leaked by Snowden, declined comment.  Microsoft , Apple and AOL officials did not return messages. Previously ', "restructuring between 2006 and 2009. Some of those workers have returned, but many are new hires recruited from Motorola,  Microsoft  and other high-tech companies. Fields says it's difficult to find candidates with the right technical qualifications ", 'about PRISM, under which the NSA seized data from Google,  Microsoft , Apple, Facebook and AOL. Bushong is moving to San Diego PowerPoint presentation leaked by Snowden, declined comment.  Microsoft , Apple and AOL officials did not return messages. Previously ', "in Manila and New Zealand also rose. On Friday, U.S. stock prices were hurt by a slump in technology issues including  Microsoft , Hewlett-Packard and IBM. The Standard & Poor's 500 gained 0.2 percent while the Dow Jones Industrial average was ", 'steroids. It is said to be 200 times more precise than the  Microsoft  Kinect and can pick up the slightest movements. And because RAM. Additionally, when I tested the Airspace app on the  Microsoft  Surface Pro, the software had problems adjusting to the screen ', 'drugmaker agreed to settle with its biggest shareholder, who has been fighting for greater control of the company.  Microsoft Corp ., down $4.04 at $31.40 The software company booked a large write-off for its Surface RT tablet business ', 'on Wall Street after weak results from  Microsoft  of Google, but the rest of the market to 15,543, held back by losses in  Microsoft  and IBM. The Nasdaq fell 23 points major index to lose ground for the week.  Microsoft  plunged 11 percent after writing off ', 'slump in the technology sector after  Microsoft  and Google reported disappointing earnings tech, the broader market was mixed.  Microsoft  fell the most in more than four years Daylight Time. If not for the declines in  Microsoft  and IBM, the Dow would be up 50 points ', "Microsoft 's stock is taking a hit after the software expectations, included a large write-off for  Microsoft Corp .'s surface RT business. A poor reception company's operating system software unit.  Microsoft 's stock is down nearly 11 percent to ", "parents monitor their drug use he uses is Smart phone's camera to measure how I respond to light. Back 12 prize in a recent  Microsoft  contest and will go on sale in just a couple of weeks. And Ford has unveiled some high tech police cars when these vehicles ", 'how -- I respond to light. Back 12 prize in a recent Microsoft contest and will go on sale in just a couple of weeks. And Ford has unveiled some high tech police cars when ', "can't do that and I don't wanna do. Inaction of the August into crucial month pro reform senators and tech giants like  Microsoft  and FaceBook reportedly planning to target. More than 100 house Republicans in their districts the goal is to convince them ", '-- August into crucial month pro reform senators and tech giants like Microsoft and FaceBook reportedly planning to target. More than 100 house Republicans in their districts the goal is to convince them to fix ', "contracts. If you've been wanting one of  Microsoft 's tablet computers the time may soon be right to buy one.  Microsoft  is cutting the price of its surface compete. With Apple's iPad. Meantime  Microsoft  CEO Steve Ballmer is hitting the company's ", "customers who don't want lengthy contracts. If you've been wanting one of Microsoft's tablet computers the time may soon be right to buy one. Microsoft is cutting the price of its surface -- T tablet as it struggles to compete. With Apple's iPad. Meantime Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is hitting the company's reset button. He's -- restructuring the world's largest software maker to cope with keeping up ", "their device every year at no additional cost customers would pay installments every month and can upgrade after a year.  Microsoft  wants attorney general Eric holder's permission to share. what has handled national security requests for customer data ", "customers would pay installments every month and can upgrade after a year. Microsoft wants attorney general Eric holder's permission to share. -- what has handled national security requests for customer data it's part of the ", "I both sides of that. And you went to the lights you into the good side YU. Was this or politics or decide which one the  Microsoft 's. But despite his honest he's still the passion for the dark arts of grifters and card and pick pocket teams you have ", "YU. Was this or politics or decide which one -- -- the Microsoft's . But despite his honest -- he's still the passion for the dark arts of grifters and card -- and pick pocket teams ", 'selling its stylish Smart watch in best buy stores this Sunday. It communicates with iphones and android devices by Bluetooth.  Microsoft  bing users can expect to see more ads in the coming months the latest version of the search engine. Which will roll out with ', 'stores this Sunday. It communicates with iphones and android devices by Bluetooth. Microsoft bing users can expect to see more ads in the coming months the latest version of the search engine. Which will roll ', "from Verizon sprint and T-Mobile.  Microsoft  is bringing word excel and PowerPoint gives the new apps designed high marks.  Microsoft  is very aware that you'll have a small Only iPhone users who subscribe to  Microsoft  Office 365 will be able to use the new ", "wireless carriers LT speeds. Weed out those from Verizon sprint and T-Mobile. Microsoft is bringing word excel and PowerPoint to the iPhone office mobile for iPhone lets users create and edit documents right from the Smartphone. The Wall Street Journal's Katie Brett gives the new apps designed high marks. Microsoft is very aware that you'll have a small screen and small real estate so they only put a few icons on each screen. And they are really easy to tap. Only iPhone users who subscribe to Microsoft Office 365 will be able to use the new -- And a new FaceBook feature called Amazon birthday gift lets multiple users "]