["can't do that and I don't wanna do. Inaction of the August into crucial month pro reform senators and tech giants like  Microsoft  and FaceBook reportedly planning to target. More than 100 house Republicans in their districts the goal is to convince them ", '-- August into crucial month pro reform senators and tech giants like Microsoft and FaceBook reportedly planning to target. More than 100 house Republicans in their districts the goal is to convince them to fix ', "contracts. If you've been wanting one of  Microsoft 's tablet computers the time may soon be right to buy one.  Microsoft  is cutting the price of its surface compete. With Apple's iPad. Meantime  Microsoft  CEO Steve Ballmer is hitting the company's ", "customers who don't want lengthy contracts. If you've been wanting one of Microsoft's tablet computers the time may soon be right to buy one. Microsoft is cutting the price of its surface -- T tablet as it struggles to compete. With Apple's iPad. Meantime Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is hitting the company's reset button. He's -- restructuring the world's largest software maker to cope with keeping up ", "their device every year at no additional cost customers would pay installments every month and can upgrade after a year.  Microsoft  wants attorney general Eric holder's permission to share. what has handled national security requests for customer data ", "customers would pay installments every month and can upgrade after a year. Microsoft wants attorney general Eric holder's permission to share. -- what has handled national security requests for customer data it's part of the ", "I both sides of that. And you went to the lights you into the good side YU. Was this or politics or decide which one the  Microsoft 's. But despite his honest he's still the passion for the dark arts of grifters and card and pick pocket teams you have ", "YU. Was this or politics or decide which one -- -- the Microsoft's . But despite his honest -- he's still the passion for the dark arts of grifters and card -- and pick pocket teams ", 'selling its stylish Smart watch in best buy stores this Sunday. It communicates with iphones and android devices by Bluetooth.  Microsoft  bing users can expect to see more ads in the coming months the latest version of the search engine. Which will roll out with ', 'stores this Sunday. It communicates with iphones and android devices by Bluetooth. Microsoft bing users can expect to see more ads in the coming months the latest version of the search engine. Which will roll ', "from Verizon sprint and T-Mobile.  Microsoft  is bringing word excel and PowerPoint gives the new apps designed high marks.  Microsoft  is very aware that you'll have a small Only iPhone users who subscribe to  Microsoft  Office 365 will be able to use the new ", "wireless carriers LT speeds. Weed out those from Verizon sprint and T-Mobile. Microsoft is bringing word excel and PowerPoint to the iPhone office mobile for iPhone lets users create and edit documents right from the Smartphone. The Wall Street Journal's Katie Brett gives the new apps designed high marks. Microsoft is very aware that you'll have a small screen and small real estate so they only put a few icons on each screen. And they are really easy to tap. Only iPhone users who subscribe to Microsoft Office 365 will be able to use the new -- And a new FaceBook feature called Amazon birthday gift lets multiple users ", 'will be unveiled later today the company hopes the free update will appease customers. upset with the new operating system  Microsoft  may also unveil a smaller version of their tablet today. developers just got their first glimpse of seven apple has just ', 'free update will appease customers. -- upset with the new operating system Microsoft may also unveil a smaller version of their -- tablet today. -- developers just got their first glimpse of -- -- seven ', "has been developing a flip board like mobile app which would let users browse through articles from various sources. And  Microsoft  has developed a new search engine for students from kindergarten through twelfth grade. for school won't use any ads or ", "app which would let users browse through articles from various sources. And Microsoft has developed a new search engine for students from kindergarten through twelfth grade. -- for school won't use any ads or adult ", 'and android users score one for the little guy after a huge backlash from gamers and some stiff competition from rival Sony  Microsoft  has reversed its gaming policy for the upcoming Xbox one console. The company was hoping to deter users from selling used ', 'a huge backlash from gamers and some stiff competition from rival Sony Microsoft has reversed its gaming policy for the upcoming Xbox one console. The company was hoping to deter users from selling used games ', "the US government during the first six months of this year was contacted more than 4000 times by authorities. FaceBook and  Microsoft  have released similar data. Facebook's organ donation efforts are working a study released overnight shows that organ donor ", "this year was contacted more than 4000 times by authorities. FaceBook and Microsoft have released similar data. Facebook's organ donation efforts are working a study released overnight shows that organ donor registration rates have climbed ", 'Much smaller numbers than many speculated. From July to December last year the government requested six to 7000 records from  Microsoft . Nine to 101000 from FaceBook. Whose General Counsel said this is just a tiny fraction of its billion monthly users we hope ', 'to December last year the government requested six to 7000 records from Microsoft . Nine to 101000 from FaceBook. Whose General Counsel said this is just a tiny fraction of its billion monthly users we hope ', 'manufacturers to begin installing a so Kill switch they want to feature on phones by early next year would disable stolen faults.  Microsoft  teaming up with best by the tech giant will open 500 new retail locations in the US. Housed within current best buy stores ', 'feature on phones by early next year -- would disable stolen faults. Microsoft teaming up with best by the tech giant will open 500 new retail locations in the US. Housed within current best buy ', "for supremacy at this week's. But Sony grab the spotlight when it revealed the PS four would cost 100 dollars less than  Microsoft 's new Xbox. Both go on sale for the holiday season. of shopping online but worry about not getting the best deals that ", "when it revealed the PS four would cost 100 dollars less than Microsoft's new Xbox. Both -- go on sale for the holiday season. -- -- of shopping online but worry about not getting the ", "Don't supposed to principal lines as right no an island that's very far planet physically like you know you if you haven't  Microsoft  Word document. Feed it to your pointed out this is. He had three printer you have 3-D design file feed it to this and ", "that's very far planet physically like you know you if you haven't Microsoft Word document. Feed it to your -- pointed out this is. He had three printer you have 3-D design file feed it ", "In today's tech some new details about  Microsoft 's upcoming windows eight point one the update will allow users to bypass much criticized start screen and boot directly to the ", "In today's tech -- some new details about Microsoft's upcoming windows eight point one the update will allow users to bypass -- much criticized start screen and boot directly to the ", "this things that you reported that the government has, quote, direct access to major internet companies, like google,  microsoft  and facebook. All of the companies have come out and denied that. The u.S. Government doesn't have direct access or ", "the government has, quote, direct access to major internet companies, like google, microsoft and facebook. All of the companies have come out and denied that. The u.S. Government doesn't have direct access or a back ", "completely go through Gmail messages look for its key words in order to tailor it's ads to customers costs as its rival  Microsoft  points out in this Internet Every word. In every email. To and from every want to sell pads on your most personal messages ", "in order to tailor it's ads to customers costs as its rival Microsoft points out in this Internet -- Every word. In every email. To and from every want to sell pads -- on your ", 'reportedly unveil the galaxy S four may need an event next month. The is expected to feature a four point three inch screen  Microsoft  wants to know what customers are watching the company has submitted a new and that would allow it to track every TV show watched ', 'The -- is expected to feature a four point three inch screen Microsoft wants to know what customers are watching the company has submitted a new -- -- and that would allow it to track ', "In today's tech it looks like the iPad mini will be getting some competition the Wall Street Journal reports that  Microsoft  we'll start producing a seven inch version of its surface tablet later this year. It's a big day for T-Mobile after ", "mini will be getting some competition the Wall Street Journal reports that Microsoft we'll start producing a seven inch version of its surface tablet later this year. It's a big day for T-Mobile after years "]