['says it is deeply concerned by possible instability in  South Sudan  after the president dismissed his vice president and and resolve political differences through dialogue.  South Sudan  President Salva Kiir this week dismissed his vice president ', "South Sudan  President Salva Kiir has dismissed his first vice president he is interested in running for president in 2015. Amum,  South Sudan 's chief negotiator in talks with  Sudan , criticized Kiir's decision as politically motivated ", "processing and transporting  South Sudan 's crude within two months says it will only allow  Juba  to transport its crude through Sudanese territory if  South Sudan  stops supporting rebels government in Khartoum.  South Sudan  has repeatedly denied ", 'A battle between warring ethnic groups in  South Sudan  saw thousands of men march to fight. After the battle Brian Kelly, spokesman for the U.N. mission in  South Sudan , said the mission is as frustrated as everyone else ', 'United Nations peacekeeper shows a huge column of men in  South Sudan  in what the cameraman says is the march home from battle pits one ethnic group against another has flared anew in  South Sudan , contributing to a humanitarian crisis in which caused ', "A United Nations official in  South Sudan  says 200 people have been wounded N. humanitarian coordinator in  South Sudan , issued a statement late Sunday against the central government.  South Sudan 's army spokesman, Col. Philip ", 'many nice responses to the question of why people choose this profession, but few honest ones. He went to Uganda,  South Sudan , Kenya, Somalia, Kosovo, Sri Lanka and Pakistan, and he was amazed to survive it all. He chose to subordinate ', "agreed on, and offered effusive praise for, Bush's work on Africa. From the historic peace agreement between  Sudan  and  South Sudan  in 2005, to Bush's work on HIV/AIDS and malaria, all the presidents, regardless of party, thanked No ", "agreed on, and offered effusive praise for, Bush's work on Africa. From the historic peace agreement between  Sudan  and  South Sudan  in 2005, to Bush's work on HIV/AIDS and malaria, all the presidents, regardless of party, thanked No ", 'and Carter asked him to do something about the civil war in  Sudan . Bush, Carter said, followed through by appointing former In January, 2005 there was a peace treaty between north and  south Sudan ," Carter said. "George W. Bush is responsible for that ', 'a contemporary oral history from the refugees themselves who arrive from countries as far afield as Burma, Iraq and  South Sudan  among others. The authors track the refugee experience all the way to their destinations in the U.S. - from Mobile ', 'rights in the UN General Assembly, something Congress is vehemently opposed to if done outside of talks with Israel.  South Sudan  was the last country to enter the UN as a member state after it gained independence. But if the vote passes, the measure ', "As nearly four million  south Sudanese  go to the polls to vote for independence Stanley in Nebraska. Now his return to  Sudan  by Chris country again this time with nation back this week I'm Hughes and  Juba Southern Sudan .", "As nearly four million south Sudanese go to the polls to vote for independence many people doubted this referendum would happen on time. President Obama's called the -- ", "new country of  Southern Sudan  as expected ABC's there. The in  south Sudan  the vote for independence I fighting for  south Sudan 's freedom He the world that  Sudan  needs its attention Hughes ABC news  Juba Southern Sudan .", "needed for a valid vote if it creates a new country of Southern Sudan as expected ABC's -- He was -- there. The in south Sudan the vote for independence more at the celebration NN election. Nearly four million southerners are voting in a referendum that will split ", "wars. 25 years ago Stephen -- -- lost -- I fighting for south Sudan's freedom He became a -- G settling with the Stanley in Nebraska. Now he's returned to Sudan to fight for his country again this time with a vote did you ever think this day was going to happen. I ", "the back room of the hospital in  south Sudan . Eleven year old yield is recovering is one of many child victims in  south Sudan 's most recent tribal clashes continued to attack. For ABC news in  Juba south Sudan  I'm Alex and", "In the back room of the -- -- hospital in south Sudan . Eleven year old -- -- yield is recovering from two gunshot wounds she is one of many child victims in south Sudan's most recent tribal clashes. -- the attackers came we ran into the bushes she says that's when they started shooting at us. ", "as long as the -- continued to attack. For ABC news in Juba south Sudan I'm Alex and -- ", "civilians from Libya to more. She supported an independent  south Sudan  issues raised her voice for human rights including women's in during shell fire to deliver food to the people of  Sudan . Yet I've also seen UN peacekeepers fail to protect ", "for innocent civilians from Libya to -- more. She supported an independent south Sudan issues raised her voice for human rights including women's rights. Put simply Susan exemplifies the finest tradition -- American diplomacy and leadership ", 'worst problem now is a war going on. Between north and  south Sudan . And millions of people have been killed and like theater third and January of 2005. There was a pastry. Between  south Sudan . That ended a war that they gone for Tony when you ', 'the worst problem now is a war going on. Between north and south Sudan . And millions of people have been killed and -- like theater help us have a peace agreement that. And in the wake ', 'the third and January of 2005. There was a pastry. Between -- south Sudan . That ended a war that they gone for Tony when you. George W. Bush is responsible for the and that was the ', "here to discuss the future. The  south Sudanese  and other projects that she's state of the situation lies and  south Sudan  and general. There had been peace looming questions about. Whether  south Sudan  was on the road towards peace ", 'trying to find out what the state of the situation lies and south Sudan and general. There had been -- peace agreement signed a few years earlier a comprehensive peace agreement but there are still large and still are large and looming questions about. Whether south Sudan was on the road towards peace and stability and development. But whether -- -- -- looks like act towards civil war also ', 'African country of  Sudan . Happy to have a report from  Southern Sudan  a region ravaged is happening in  south Sudan . These vast migrating called Beaumont and  south Sudan  about thirty miles Years from now  Southern Sudan  will vote on whether ', "Bob Woodruff reports on what He discovered in the African country of Sudan Happy to have -- here good morning my friend told good morning -- you know this is. -- without question a complicated country would visit the north the south in -- for in the west. -- would be airing a reporting from those regions over the next two weeks. But today we Begin with a report from Southern Sudan a region ravaged by 22 years of civil war. What we also saw is a remarkable wildlife phenomenon the people hope. That these animals we'll survive. Something extraordinary and unexpected is happening in south Sudan These vast migrating herds rival those of the Serengeti. This is possibly the world's largest animal migration it is spectacular. And surprising. ", 'there are still concerns. About the peace in 20113. Years from now Southern Sudan will vote on whether or not to remain as -- united Sudan are split into two. But for now -- hope is that someday soon these animals will help to attract tourists and hope ']