["new country of  Southern Sudan  as expected ABC's there. The in  south Sudan  the vote for independence I fighting for  south Sudan 's freedom He the world that  Sudan  needs its attention Hughes ABC news  Juba Southern Sudan .", "needed for a valid vote if it creates a new country of Southern Sudan as expected ABC's -- He was -- there. The in south Sudan the vote for independence more at the celebration NN election. Nearly four million southerners are voting in a referendum that will split ", "wars. 25 years ago Stephen -- -- lost -- I fighting for south Sudan's freedom He became a -- G settling with the Stanley in Nebraska. Now he's returned to Sudan to fight for his country again this time with a vote did you ever think this day was going to happen. I ", "the back room of the hospital in  south Sudan . Eleven year old yield is recovering is one of many child victims in  south Sudan 's most recent tribal clashes continued to attack. For ABC news in  Juba south Sudan  I'm Alex and", "In the back room of the -- -- hospital in south Sudan . Eleven year old -- -- yield is recovering from two gunshot wounds she is one of many child victims in south Sudan's most recent tribal clashes. -- the attackers came we ran into the bushes she says that's when they started shooting at us. ", "as long as the -- continued to attack. For ABC news in Juba south Sudan I'm Alex and -- ", "civilians from Libya to more. She supported an independent  south Sudan  issues raised her voice for human rights including women's in during shell fire to deliver food to the people of  Sudan . Yet I've also seen UN peacekeepers fail to protect ", "for innocent civilians from Libya to -- more. She supported an independent south Sudan issues raised her voice for human rights including women's rights. Put simply Susan exemplifies the finest tradition -- American diplomacy and leadership ", "here to discuss the future. The  south Sudanese  and other projects that she's state of the situation lies and  south Sudan  and general. There had been peace looming questions about. Whether  south Sudan  was on the road towards peace ", 'trying to find out what the state of the situation lies and south Sudan and general. There had been -- peace agreement signed a few years earlier a comprehensive peace agreement but there are still large and still are large and looming questions about. Whether south Sudan was on the road towards peace and stability and development. But whether -- -- -- looks like act towards civil war also ', 'worst problem now is a war going on. Between north and  south Sudan . And millions of people have been killed and like theater third and January of 2005. There was a pastry. Between  south Sudan . That ended a war that they gone for Tony when you ', 'the worst problem now is a war going on. Between north and south Sudan . And millions of people have been killed and -- like theater help us have a peace agreement that. And in the wake ', 'the third and January of 2005. There was a pastry. Between -- south Sudan . That ended a war that they gone for Tony when you. George W. Bush is responsible for the and that was the ', 'African country of  Sudan . Happy to have a report from  Southern Sudan  a region ravaged is happening in  south Sudan . These vast migrating called Beaumont and  south Sudan  about thirty miles Years from now  Southern Sudan  will vote on whether ', "Bob Woodruff reports on what He discovered in the African country of Sudan Happy to have -- here good morning my friend told good morning -- you know this is. -- without question a complicated country would visit the north the south in -- for in the west. -- would be airing a reporting from those regions over the next two weeks. But today we Begin with a report from Southern Sudan a region ravaged by 22 years of civil war. What we also saw is a remarkable wildlife phenomenon the people hope. That these animals we'll survive. Something extraordinary and unexpected is happening in south Sudan These vast migrating herds rival those of the Serengeti. This is possibly the world's largest animal migration it is spectacular. And surprising. ", 'there are still concerns. About the peace in 20113. Years from now Southern Sudan will vote on whether or not to remain as -- united Sudan are split into two. But for now -- hope is that someday soon these animals will help to attract tourists and hope ', "African country of  Sudan . Our Bob Woodruff is happening in  south Sudan . These vast migrating called Beaumont and  south Sudan  about thirty miles there is concern  south Sudan  believed to be northern part of  Southern Sudan . They've got ", "remember there's a lot of oil. Being searched for in in northern Sudan northern part of Southern Sudan . They've got to figure out if that's gonna stop the animals from migrating a world a -- to -- an agreement between those. Looking for oil bring the economy back or to try to save the lives of these animals and keep -- -- What struck you most about the serie a -- Well in the south you know it's absolutely beautiful in the north the northern part of Sudan's very sandy -- for -- for -- we also one obvious -- been massive kind of war there. In the south this it's beautiful but -- it's much less money coming in the economy's not recovering like it is in the north. Is He in the north and Khartoum the capital of Sudan He see a lot of people coming in a lot of Chinese investments. But in the south nothing like that but -- got to grow faster is it I think it's the year 2011 aren't they going to vote to Southern Sudan and mind you if they will continue to be part of the Sudan has -- three years from now -- -- -- demand a vote and I think the feeling that we got was talking of those in the south. They wanna separate -- separates. Sudan the north wants this to be one country together. Whether it happens or not that's a question that's three years Nazi -- ", "because civil war ravaged  Southern Sudan  from 1980 created 2005 elephants giraffes and lions  Sudan 's vast grasslands. Until time to help the people of  south Sudan  and save. This world heritage Woodruff ABC news Beaumont  south Sudan .", "on his spectacular. And surprising. Yeah. Yeah. Surprising because civil war ravaged Southern Sudan from 1980 created 2005. The took the lives of two million people nearly four million fled their homes. And for 22 years no one knew the fate of the elephants giraffes and lions -- -- Sudan's vast grasslands. Until now. There's a migration we estimate is always the -- anymore. So sums raised concerns that the biggest ones where you might be but regardless after 25 years or so sedan who'd a thought. A million animals can survive. The animals survived thanks in part of the Sudan People's Liberation Army who banned hunting at certain species during the war. 100 feet off the ground we -- thousands of white ", 'the new start treaty. call us talents and diplomatic skills on several occasions. On complex challenges from  Sudan . And  south Sudan  to the situation in Afghanistan and each time he has. Been exemplary. Of course I also have to say thanks because ', 'us talents and diplomatic skills on several occasions. On complex challenges from Sudan And south Sudan to the situation in Afghanistan and each time he has. Been exemplary. Of course I also have to say thanks because that ', 'countries before. Never been on an airplane. Okay, so, show me what you can do. At 6\'8", he\'s from africa\'s  south sudan . For the moment, though, he is thrilled to finally have shoes that fit his size 17 feet. This is amazing. I\'m ', 'so, show me what you can do. At 6\'8", he\'s from africa\'s south sudan . For the moment, though, he is thrilled to finally have shoes that fit his size 17 feet. This is amazing. I\'m really ', "We've reasserted our power across the Pacific and stood up to China on behalf bar workers. From Burma to Libya to  south Sudan  that we have advance the rights and dignity of all human beings. Men and women Christians and Muslims and Jews. But ", 'up to China on behalf bar workers. From Burma to Libya to south Sudan that we have advance the rights and dignity of all human beings. Men and women Christians and Muslims and Jews. But for ', 'BI had a chance to visit communities in places like  Southern Sudan  where young girl born today in 2011 is more likely to die in childbirth. Then complete a secondary education. And as long as ', 'BI had a chance to visit communities in places like Southern Sudan where young girl born today in 2011 is more likely to die in childbirth. Then complete a secondary education. And as long ', "dangerous and secret mission to the apprehension as  Sudan  and  south Sudan  torn by violence for so many years. He's great thank you and George you were just being  south Sudan  and I mean and  Sudan . and then the newest country in the world and ", "on a much more dangerous and secret mission to the apprehension as Sudan and south Sudan torn by violence for so many years. He's -- the senate today along with its partner in the satellite sentinel project John Prendergast and they both join us now thank you both. For coming on this morning guys. -- George Noory on doing great thank you and George you were just being south Sudan and I mean and Sudan -- and then the newest country in the world and there was some real hope. Is that when he got independence this ", "dust storm for four hours and that's certainly one of the best stories. We also we went to  Southern Sudan  the first crew to go into  Southern Sudan  in 25 years. Because of the civil war there most scientists and filmmakers haven't been able ", "that's certainly one of the best stories. We also we went to Southern Sudan -- -- the first crew to go into Southern Sudan in 25 years. Because of the civil war there most scientists and filmmakers haven't been able to go in and film the ", "Central African Republic and actually got to go visit that capital of back at the end of September and I had taken to  Southern Sudan  before as an ambassador for our PSI I was a little bit. I was aware of the situation at Larry's situation in in ", "at the end of September and I had taken -- -- to Southern Sudan before as an ambassador for our PSI -- I was a little bit. I was aware of the situation at Larry's situation ", 'the north south border of  Sudan . The project will get high resolution photographs of  Sudan  from those satellites and going on on the ground. In  Southern Sudan  but. Will the world watching this historic moment in  Sudan . Georgia couple months ', "there are half dozen commercial satellites over the north south border of Sudan The project will get high resolution photographs of Sudan from those satellites and post them on -- web say that web site. That way you at home can monitor what's going on on the ground. In Southern Sudan but. Will the world watching. Make a difference our exclusive guest this morning George Clooney joining us from Los Angeles and John ", 'Iraq. You spoke to the leader of  Southern Sudan . Recently here and the referendum on whether or not  Southern Sudan  and breakaway from takes place war does not break out between  Sudan  and southern familiar. Doing everything ', "affect the physical stability of Iraq. You spoke to the leader of Southern Sudan . Recently here and the referendum on whether or not Southern Sudan and breakaway from -- takes place in January there's a lot of concern -- human rights groups that election will be riddled with fraud just like the ones. In April legitimate concern the White House's point man on the -- -- and that has said that the US -- waning influence in the region general operations. Are you willing to pledge that the US. We -- make sure that -- that war does not break out between Sudan and southern -- familiar. Doing everything -- our power to make sure this election on the referendum is viewed by the world ", "point is in the any discussion about sending troops and in  south Sudan  right now get ninety days to do this doesn't cost a being spent nearly billion dollars United States. In the  Sudan  now we're going to be there one way or another that's ", "this point is in the any discussion about sending troops and in south Sudan right now get ninety days to do this doesn't cost a dime. Now and it doesn't cost any lives American -- and ", 'Webcast: New Bin Laden Video; Political Posturing Over Iraq; From Sudan  to Fashion Week', "Google. And the woman who escaped war in  Sudan  and went on to become one of the world's several others are missing. Next western  Sudan  where this week the United Nations Secretary troubled countries on the globe  Southern Sudan  in 1977. In a town called wow. It was ", 'was born in one of the most troubled countries on the globe Southern Sudan in 1977. In a town called wow. It was in the mostly it is curious. Talent I mean -- not Syrian news ']