["Thousands of  Americans  so many of them tourists and students racing to get out of  Egypt  tonight more than 12100 were  evacuated  on flights today. Running low on food and water in an the US State Department. This it's nice to be out of  Egypt  right now but they are the lucky ones thousands remain get its citizens out. He EDS's studying Arabic at the  American  University in Cairo. They've told us now they're ", "to get its citizens out. He -- EDS's studying Arabic at the American University in Cairo. They've told us now they're weird they're trying to -- out by eight tonight. And it's going to be ", "study places across twenty  American  cities tonight revealing And now we head overseas to  Egypt  a country that seems to be chaos. The stability of  Egypt  is vital to the United States war. It troubling turn for  Egypt 's America. Running battles longstanding peace with Israel and  Egypt  stability dangerous region The head of is warning  Americans  friends on the verge of collapse station nearby 300 people were  evacuated . No one was injured. And ", 'prices unthinkable just two years ago. Economists who study places across twenty American cities tonight revealing they see the biggest increase year to year. In more than six years home values up five point 5%. ', 'security guards protecting the  american  consulate fired back but planned visit from tripoli,  american  ambassador, chris steven struggling to breathe. Four  american  was not make it, at least sparked protests in cairo,  egypt  hours before the attack dangerous circumstances. All  americans  in benghazi have been  evacuated  to europe. Also three  americans', 'armed attackers, swift, savage and deadly. The libyan security guards protecting the american consulate fired back but were quickly overwhelmed. There were no u.S. Marines to help. The main building of the consulate was quickly set ablaze. Inside, on a planned visit from tripoli, american ambassador, chris steven, along with several others trapped between the ames and funfire, separated by hedark smoke and struggling to breathe. Four american was not make it, at least two dying from smoke inhalation. Including sean smith, father of two. This shocks people of all ', "streets telling us that the  American  government is to blame We Stephens and three other  Americans . There have been no arrests nonessential personnel have been  evacuated . To Germany. The mood here building. Where two of the  Americans  were killed two others were wife's Christian relatives in  Egypt . Who paid for the movie change the very meaning of  American  sport. Back in 1979. Sports ", 'will not stop until more people have jobs. Days of glory anti American protests spread overseas. And we have details tonight on the man behind the film that ignited the sea of rage. Exposed millions ', 'news with -- Good evening and we have big news on the American economy tonight a new shot of adrenaline on the way as today Ben Bernanke the head of the Federal Reserve Bank. Said ', "significant progress reducing unemployment rate the weak job market should concern every American . So this is similar types of program from the Fed before why does Ben Bernanke thinks this one will be different. And -- aspect of the program is that it's a limited. The Fed is not going to let its foot off the gas pedal until it's confident that has seen substantial improvement in the labor market. Think of your car by pumping more money into -- paying for the stock market and your 401K grow -- worth more. Interest rates will also remain near zero for at least another three years so more Americans may be inclined to buy homes. But there are warnings to. Low interest rates means little to no growth in savings accounts. Something millions of Americans especially the elderly depend on still the Fed says the bigger picture is this. More spending means businesses can hire more work. ", "one of a growing number of  american  children with food allergies kidnapping drama unfolds in  egypt  Emily: The kidnapper's kidnapping situation in  egypt . Emily: Their desperate is quoteed as saying the  americans  are very nervous so are interview said he took the  americans  to secure the release of state hillary clinton was in  egypt  meeting with the president boston motel. The motel was  evacuated . Jim: The mother of a ", "it's fighting food. Reporter: Cameron with one of a growing number of american children with food allergies. One in twelve kids suffers. In hospitals emergency room visits more than doubled in the last decade. All ", "I'd like to update the  American  people. On the international families. And I know all  Americans  share. In that settlement directly between Tunisia and  Egypt . Two nations that inspire around the world. Including  Americans . Were killed by Libyan safety of our citizens so we  evacuated  our embassy and all  Americans  who sought systems. When ", "us listen of the United States. Tonight I'd like to update the American people. On the international effort that we have let in Libya. What we've done. What we plan to do. And why this ", 'recent poll 52% of the  American  people. Now support the operation when raids against  Americans  would be conducted where Is to do those trials the  American  Cancer Society says not death of the boy king of  Egypt  who showing up everywhere in  American  culture. He is the most all the gold and jewels of  Egypt  taken down by the same diseases Run they scream 200 people  evacuated  as the slide split the side ', 'billion dollars in loan guarantees to break ground on the first new American nuclear plant in three decades nuclear energy remains our largest source of fuel -- produces no carbon emissions the company says the ', "-- changed his mind according to a recent poll 52% of the American people. Now support the construction of new nuclear. Power plants and that's a majority. Of Republicans but a minority. Of Democrats who ", "past. They've done studies on vitamin. Is to do those trials the American Cancer Society says not ready for prime time not ready to start taking these medications if you're on chemotherapy. Definitely -- are ", "massive demonstrations in  Egypt  the protests have turned and camels cracking whips.  Egypt 's health ministry reports billion dollars in US aid to  Egypt . The White House is the frightened residents asking to be  evacuated . Because it's simply too that's it. Here at home  Americans  were tested by a powerful Washington a major piece of  American  pop culture has been given ", "Potentially deadly fury. It -- BBC news that's it. Here at home Americans were tested by a powerful winter storm that stretched from New Mexico to New England. The monstrous storm brought the third largest snowfall on record to Chicago more than twenty inches. Ice -- rolling local blackouts across Texas and New York City was glazed with more than a half inch of ice. In Washington a major piece of American pop culture has been given a new home. That rust red swimsuit that -- make Charlie's Angels Farrah Fawcett an icon is ", "as you set for millions of  Americans  is going to be a lot more identification I am convinced the  American  public wants to have. Charlie shouldn't have them can get  American  passports so is this more the Middle East including  Egypt  and Saudi Arabia before He fiery volcano in this south  American  country of Ecuador. The Thousand villagers have been  evacuated  from the volcano's western ", "bullet. And get the kind of secure identification I am convinced the American public wants to have. Charlie -- secretary turn -- that He knows there are a lot of complaints but He says he's ", "-- that you you know people who shouldn't have them can get American passports so is this more about. Homeland Security or is it more about immigration. I think is a combination of both they ", "film. Now after the top of a fiery volcano in this south American country of Ecuador. The -- in Iraq while volcano which means throat of fire has been spewing rocks and ash for the last week and experts are warning of the major eruption that might come soon. Thousand villagers have been evacuated from the volcano's western slopes its last big eruption was less than two years ago -- four people died in that one. ", "President Hosni Mubarak met in  Egypt  today. Appearing in their thousand people have been  evacuated  since the blaze began yesterday of a very different type  American 's interest in sushi has recently discovered what  Americans  think they know about eating much everything we do as  Americans  that decision ours is wrong say in the book about how  Americans  eat wrong one chopsticks ", "finally from us and other animal story of a very different type American's interest in sushi has grown to such epidemic proportions. That there is now a shortage of tuna around the world. ABC's Miguel Marquez is back with us and he recently discovered what Americans think they know about eating sushi is actually. All wrong. We're and LA is little Tokyo speaking -- Trevor Corson and talking ", 'they the huge mystery. About the death of the boy king of  Egypt  showing up everywhere in  American  culture. He is the most famous Egyptian who ever lived of the The young surrounded by all the gold and jewels of  Egypt  taken down by the same diseases. Of the poor egyptians storm through town. Wrong wrong they scream 200 people  evacuated  as the slide split the side of a hill amazingly no one was ', '-- the huge mystery. About the death of the boy king of Egypt -- -- showing up everywhere in American culture. He is the most famous Egyptian who ever lived so famous. Well you -- you want to see it again. -- ', "reported and guests were being  evacuated  the cause is not yet now Republican. Now the Cuban  American  vote the Giuliani hasn't between Palestinian Gaza and  Egypt . Another section of the wall they continue to flood. In  Egypt . ABC Simon McGregor wood has still desperate to get into  Egypt . There was scuffles some Palestinians ", "Florida some little things you can't win the Republican. Now the Cuban American vote the Giuliani hasn't been struggling while He was once -- ahead in double digits here in Florida. Mitt Romney and even ", "stress that all moves by the US and  Egypt  are being made for just one purpose what's really important. For the  American  people know what's kind of an analyst there. John McWethy is actually been  evacuated  from the Pentagon. And parts of the Pentagon are indeed being  evacuated . The first thing was. I didn't attack ", "these. He was able to sift through what's really important. For the American people know what's kind of an analyst and -- and that sets him apart if you keep saying this very successful operation. ", "person has been killed hundreds have been  evacuated  after getting stranded on their rooftops they're ready to take over from their  American  counterparts. Today's report says king of gold like stature. She began  Egypt 's golden age and portrayed herself inside how sea level bought him. Other  Egypt  ought to just say discovering mommy is ", "how many of these troops they're ready to take over from their American counterparts. Today's report says many Iraqi troops are guilty of actually helping to fuel the sectarian violence in that country and that "]