['The Brotherhood had believed that el-Sissi was sympathetic with their Islamist agenda. A senior Brotherhood official told AP that Morsi installed el-Sissi, then the head of military intelligence, as defense minister and head of the armed forces in August 2012 in part because he had been the contact man between the Brotherhood and the military junta that ruled Egypt for nearly 17 months after the February 2011 fall of autocrat Hosni Mubarak.', 'El-Sissi spoke of his differences with Morsi for the first time Sunday when he addressed military officers in a meeting that was partially televised.', '"I don\'t want to count to you the number of times that the armed forces showed its reservations on many actions and measures that came as a surprise," el-Sissi said.', 'They recounted tense conversations and meetings with a frustrated Morsi frequently reminding the military chief of his rank as supreme commander.', "As early as April, the army drew up a contingency plan to assert control of the nation by taking charge of security if street violence escalated out of Morsi's control, the intelligence and defense officials said.", 'The plan did not entail removing Morsi. Instead, it was an expansion of the role the army took in the Suez Canal city of Port Said, which by that time had seen months of anti-Morsi protests that evolved into an outright revolt. More than 40 protesters had been killed by police there, as Morsi publicly urged security forces to deal strongly with the protests. The military was deployed in the city, largely welcomed by the residents, who continued protests and strikes.', 'The military officials said Morsi had ordered the army to get tougher on protesters, but el-Sissi refused, telling him, "The people have demands."', "About this time, in April and May, el-Sissi's officials met with commanders of the Republican Guard, the army branch that protects the president. The commanders told them that Morsi's aides were trying to co-opt Guard officers and senior army officers in a move to replace el-Sissi, according to the official in the military chief's staff.", 'Each side\'s suspicions were fueled by leaks in the press with anonymous Brotherhood and military officials quoted as criticizing the other. In meetings, Morsi assured el-Sissi that he had no intention of firing him, saying, "These are just rumors," the defense officials said. El-Sissi told Morsi that the military leaks were merely "newspaper talk."', 'In April, the youth activists of Tamarod, Arabic for "Rebel," began collecting signatures on a petition for Morsi to step down. When it said it had 2 million signatures in mid-May, the military took an interest and worked through third parties that connected the group with liberal and opposition-linked businessmen who would bank it, said two high-ranking Interior Ministry officials.', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']