['Nominations for 2013 CNN Heroes are being accepted online through August 31, 2013.', "(CNN) -- It's often said that just one person can make a difference, and CNN Heroes -- everyday people changing the world -- are evidence of that.", 'But these outstanding men and women would not have received this honor without someone taking the time to nominate them.', 'Tell us about individuals who are giving back in your community, people whose selflessness and personal stories inspire you. Your efforts could have a big impact.', 'Appreccia Faulkner nominated her mother, Diane Latiker, who opened her home to youth in a gang-ridden neighborhood.', 'Jack Harvey nominated someone he met at a conference: Derreck Kayongo, who recycles partially used hotel soap and distributes it to developing countries.', 'Marlene Jones nominated her real estate broker, Sal Dimiceli, who helps 500 people a year with food, rent and other necessities.', 'Latiker, Kayongo and Dimiceli all became Top 10 CNN Heroes in 2011, and the global recognition brought $50,000 to each honoree. Seeing them acknowledged on the world stage was rewarding to those who nominated them.', '"Sal makes such a difference to people in this community, I wanted someone to know about him," Jones said. When Dimiceli was honored as a CNN Hero, "I said: \'Wow! I made a difference!\' "', "Do you know an everyday person changing the world? It's easy to nominate them as a CNN Hero. Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting your nomination.", 'A: Nominations must be in the name of a single individual, at least 13 years of age, whose accomplishment occurred (or continued) after September 1, 2012. Groups and organizations are ineligible for consideration. Self-nominations will not be accepted. Citizens of voided countries are also ineligible. For complete details on eligibility requirements and other rules governing selection of CNN Heroes, please read our legal disclosures.', 'A: Because of the high volume of nominations received, we cannot respond individually to each submission. However, if your nomination advances, we will contact you and your nominee through the contact information you provide.', 'A: Please make every effort to provide as much contact information as possible. We require either an e-mail address or telephone number so we may quickly contact your nominee to obtain permission for consideration as a CNN Hero.', "A: There's space at the end of the form to provide links to articles or websites with more information about your hero. Please do not send additional material unless requested.", 'A: When filling out your form, please note that certain information is required. Those fields are marked with an asterisk (*). If you are not certain of your hero\'s nationality, select "Other" from the country drop-down menu. Likewise, if you\'re unsure which category his or her cause belongs in, just click "Other."', 'CNN is not responsible for technical problems that may prevent your submission from being successfully transmitted. You may wish to first write and save the answers to essay questions in a word-processing document. That way, if you need to resubmit your nomination, you can "cut and paste" those answers into the form without rewriting them.', 'A: Unfortunately, seating is limited and by invitation only. Air dates and times for the global broadcast of "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute" will be announced later this year.']