["there. Byron? Reporter: Good morning, lara. We're by  tahrir square , where the crowd is getting larger and louder than normal the defeat. Raucous raw jubilation goes to the ticketer.  Tahrir square  has the look and feel of times square on new year's eve ", "A lot of uncertainty there. Byron? Reporter: Good morning, lara. We're by tahrir square , where the crowd is getting larger and louder than normal today. They expect more violence, especially today, on what the locals call ", "the language of the defeat. Raucous raw jubilation goes to the ticketer. Tahrir square has the look and feel of times square on new year's eve. Millions believing this is another new step on the journey ", 'government  protesters  the army delivering is with the  opposition  is claiming from those in  tahrir square  but. What President Hosni  Mubarak  the man that live shot of  tahrir square  where the Egyptian lot of the  protesters  millions have Packed into  tahrir square  after days President Hosni  Mubarak  on his first ', "come to a solution. Have we heard from the former President Hosni Mubarak the man that Mohammed more -- had replaced that we heard from him at all. In reaction knowledge that 48 hour ultimatum but -- these demonstrations have been taking place. I'm sorry I can't hear you but yet when I was just asking about whether we've heard from the former president -- -- far. Who was replaced in that first democratic election by Mohammed more -- that we heard from Mubarak . And so sorry I I still -- -- that's OK we're we -- weird can you hear me now Dana. And -- might be having some technical difficulties -- let me know. When you can hear me if you are just joining us you're looking at a live shot of tahrir square where the Egyptian military has just now with a statement saying that the country's constitution has been dissolved. And that at this point the Chief Justice now has interim power. And that -- president Mohamed more -- Has stepped has been had taken under a military coup new elections will be scheduled for the president and also for parliament. And again that it is obviously jubilation that a lot of the protesters millions have been waiting for that -- Packed into tahrir square after days of demonstrations have been. Building up to that point. And -- just before we dropped out -- I was asking whether or not we've heard from the former President Hosni Mubarak on his first. -- We haven't heard anything from hot and bark at me then the last reports that we heard about ", 'the name home and  ElBaradei  the former UN nuclear visit. With the  protesters  who are poor or in Muslim Brotherhood  protesters  the is legitimacy so many of these  protesters . Are saying give huge crowds out in  tahrir square  hundreds of thousands tahrir square  those  protesters  those. Those anti at that that Hosni  Mubarak  was imposed a two ', "deposed by the military we had seen those huge crowds out in tahrir square -- hundreds of thousands of people. And in the following days then we had discussed the fact that the Muslim Brotherhood essentially for lack of a better description was. Lying low to kind of figure out what exactly -- they were going to do next and as we've been seen this situation escalate in get more intense we've seen a stronger presence of the Muslim Brotherhood but what about those initial crowds from tahrir square those protesters those. Those anti more -- groups that were out there that that really started this whole chain reaction. They've still been out there I -- dig him out yesterday to finalize what they called their great victory amid all across Egypt. And particularly here in clarity staged. Long long marches all over the city that converged on top tahrir square I mean if you looked at pictures of tigers where liked last night it looked like a rock concert it looked like. The -- at that that Hosni Mubarak was imposed a two and a half years ago when we last spoke. The brotherhood was in complete disarray it's it's head ", "show how powerful they are when it when -- uprising started against Mubarak . And he continued and grew and grew the military didn't step in and Mubarak was gone so essentially I was you know it tacitly allowed by. By the military in this case we we saw millions ", 'to run the country they ran the -- you remember between. Hosni Mubarak and -- -- -- and it did not go well we if we get a flashback to years how. Half ago there ', "goes. What it will Morton  protesters  supporters it was still figured the light Peace  protesters . On both sides supporters those so those shots of  tahrir square  at that time there was a that they had not actually  tahrir square  but what about outside of the push got to take over  tahrir square . It doesn't look it really ", 'deposed by the military. What we saw those so those shots of tahrir square at that time there was a lot of fireworks going on Imus that hundreds of thousands of people had been packing the ', "it's going down. An -- and that they had not actually -- tahrir square but what about outside of Cairo itself -- -- Nasr city or Alexandria has that. As -- fighting spread to other parts. ", "particular direction and it is is the push got to take over tahrir square . It doesn't look it really considered a third. -- -- really is to be part of it and cut off. Violent outbreak ", "former Egyptian President Hosni  Mubarak . After state media declared  Mubarak  clinically dead last night to stop the killing of 850  protesters  in last year's revolution his and in hidden in sky.  Mubarak 's transfer to this military ", "small crowd outside the Cairo hospital now holding former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . After state media declared Mubarak clinically dead last night the interior ministry today told ABC news he's under observation. Believed to be in critical condition. Report -- -- ill health that's world think Egypt for years but it has reportedly declined dramatically in the last few weeks. After being sentenced to life in prison for failing to stop the killing of 850 protesters in last year's revolution. But emotional supporters here -- 84 year old -- unfairly punished and should be left alone. And having to move back east then I'll let you know. Pakistan. -- like his and in hidden in -- sky. Mubarak's transfer to this military hospital payments tens of thousands demonstrated Tuesday night and -- where. Furious -- the ruling military council has changed the constitution. Keeping a firm grip on power. While celebrating the projected win of the Muslim Brotherhood Mohamed more seat in the weekend's historic presidential election. But his rival Mubarak's last prime minister of -- a -- has also declared victory. Official results are expected on Thursday but the dueling claims could ", "the same chants we heard two years ago during the revolution, except that they've substituted  mubarak  for morsi. Egyptians topple ed hosni  mubarak , the dictator who ruled for three decades and now. He's like a pharaoh. Reporter: Morrison's ", "we heard two years ago during the revolution, except that they've substituted mubarak for morsi. Egyptians topple ed hosni mubarak , the dictator who ruled for three decades and now. He's like a pharaoh. Reporter: Morrison's office says it is temporary to put ", 'by millions of  protesters  that you are seen in  tahrir square  or. Step down chaos. Millions of  protesters  are calling on agreement with the  protesters . Around the alarm lot pictures of  tahrir square  vacancy. Millions ', "military's demands to either enact reforms that was demanded by millions of protesters that you are seen in tahrir square or. Step down and give the president more C a morning deadline that has now come and passed. Military officers have taken ", "that and of course as -- look at a lot pictures of tahrir square vacancy. Millions of demonstrators have come out there demanding that president -- more -- stepped down after the military had imposed a 48 hour ultimatum. To either yield to the reforms that have been demanded by those protesters or in fact. Stepped down the situation now obviously growing more intense and of course -- have a complete report on abcnews.com. And monitor the situation you can see from tahrir square . On our live stream for now I'm Dan -- there in New York with this ABC news digital special report. This has ", 'Feeling the momentum the  protesters  came out again the next day is real fear about violent  opposition  to this military takeover to be. Well you there in  tahrir square . As democracy took shape social media. The and Timor  protesters  are running a massive campaign ', 'legitimacy. And so I think there is -- real fear about violent opposition to this military takeover. For days Muslim Brotherhood officials have warned of bloody repercussions if the military tried to step in. Earlier ', 'Feeling the momentum the  protesters  came out again the next day is real fear about violent  opposition  to this military takeover good to be. While there in  tahrir square . As democracy took shape social media. The and Timor  protesters  are running a massive campaign ', 'legitimacy. And so I think there is -- real fear about violent opposition to this military takeover. For days Muslim Brotherhood officials have warned of bloody repercussions if the military tried to step in. Earlier ', "extremely You enraged by president  Mubarak 's speech  protesters  flooding the streets of Congo we late last night President  Mubarak  gave most of his powers to vice silly month. But refused to  protesters  chief demanded He leave the ", "night turning it into rural. It extremely -- You enraged by president Mubarak's speech protesters flooding the streets of Congo marching on -- consuming region. They went straight with pilots calling him a thief a -- here ", "assume they don't see network that we -- late last night President Mubarak gave most of his powers to vice president Omar silly month. But refused to protesters chief demanded He leave the country. Now the people blame him an army and the UN. Not this done as they would ", 'president. These  protesters  on  tahrir square , are loudly calling to rebuild it. The  opposition  is joined by the old enemies, supporters of  mubarak . Looking for a better leaves. Reporter: An  opposition  group called rebellion ', "muslim brotherhood values on the country, doing nothing to rebuild it. The opposition is joined by the old enemies, supporters of mubarak . Looking for a better life, more democracy. We don't want the muslim brotherhood. We are not liking morsi, we are going to stay on the streets until he leaves. Reporter: An opposition group called rebellion claims to have 22 million signatures, a quarter of all egyptians, calling for early elections. They cay accused the ", "today Egyptian government won't stand for a president Hosni  Mubarak 's chosen successive vice president Omar Suleyman declaring zero you all human. Everywhere we go we're finding the  protesters  resolved growing. Capital Cairo do you agree that the people ", "night into today Egyptian government -- won't stand for a president Hosni Mubarak's chosen successive vice president Omar Suleyman declaring -- quote can't put up with continued protests vowing. There will be no Indian -- ", "On the break  tahrir square  you're looking anti government  protesters  for now a second phone from inside  tahrir square  the scene that current President  Mubarak  for president more not be political  opposition  aren't able to solidarity with the  protesters  you were there ", "-- Know what it's been a fixture at one dictator current President Mubarak for president more. They expect the Muslim Brotherhood which you mentioned he belongs to take over the man in polar bear -- ", 'at the flashpoint,  tahrir square  in cairo. Good morning plan. Jubilation on  tahrir square , as the military handed overhead. A sign,  protesters  said, the military Reporter: The same  protesters  demonstrated against ', "morsi will step down. And alex marquardt is there at the flashpoint, tahrir square in cairo. Good morning, alex. Reporter: That's right. The military saying enough is enough. Egypt is in a political crisis and economic ", "military will step in and intervene with their own plan. Jubilation on tahrir square , as the military handed down its ultimatum to egypt's president. Army helicopters flew overhead. A sign, protesters said, the military is in their corner. We're very happy. It's one of the best things that has happened to egypt. We've been looking forward to it for almost a year now. Reporter: The army, you feel is on your side? Yes. Reporter: The same protesters demonstrated against the army when it ran the country following egypt's revolution. Today, the military is seen as saviors, swooping in to ", "teach english to children. Abc's alex marquardt is in  tahrir square . Reporter: Wave after wave they came, marching straight the revolution 2 1/2 years ago. And now these very same  protesters  are trying to spark a second revolution. He's not even ", "in egypt to teach english to children. Abc's alex marquardt is in tahrir square . Reporter: Wave after wave they came, marching straight towards the palace of mohamed morsi. This protest is unbelievable. This stretches back as far as the eye can see. These are scenes reminiscent of the revolution 2 1/2 years ago. And now these very same protesters are trying to spark a second revolution. He's not even trying. He is doing everything for his muslim brotherhood group. Reporter: Nearby, ", 'government to do to reach out to  opposition  and work through these issues Morse whose party or the  opposition  that they remain peaceful government is listening to. The  opposition . Maintaining a free press Cracking down violently on  protesters  including women. So I think ', 'Egyptian people. What we saw similar protesting its Mevorach you called on Mubarak to step down. By all accounts these protests are even bigger. So my question is is it time for more seats ago. ', "now in Egypt there -- more than what we saw against the Mubarak regime so what point or at this point does the US now say. It's time for -- see his successors ago. Through another although -- chemistry democratically elected and the president's response -- -- telling there because. He did -- say that he stands by the current Egyptian regime but to a point he says first of all. It wasn't about Mubarak as a person is about a process that led to him we're glad that now we have a democratically elected. Government there are so there's no indication that the US gonna cut ties -- -- on that regime but he did say that democracy is not just don't want. Democracy is not listening to the voices of protest democracy certainly isn't. Cracking down violently on protesters including women. So I think a message -- for the Egyptian government that US patience is not unlimited a clear signal that ", "Mohamed were seeing these  protesters  down into this square longtime dictator Hosni  Mubarak  are now fighting each to rebuild it. The  opposition  has now been joined old enemies supporters  Mubarak . I'm not saying we again he. An umbrella  opposition  group called rebellion ", "be massive and likely violent protests. Against president Mohamed were seeing these protesters down -- into this square which as you know as the birthplace of the revolution. -- now loudly calling for a second revolution. Even before the main protest began there had been two days of violent clashes between supporters and opponents of president more -- Many of those who fought side by side two years ago to oust the longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak are now fighting each other. Liberal opponents of more -- say he's trying to impose his Muslim Brotherhood values on the country that he's done nothing to rebuild it. The opposition has now been joined by their old enemies supporters -- Mubarak . I'm not saying we have had bats -- night and want democracy. We don't want any liabilities brotherhood. We cannot convince men and Muhammad -- and big. On the streets and then again he. An umbrella opposition group called rebellion claims to have 22 million signatures. A quarter of all egyptians on a petition calling for early elections. They ", 'longtime leader Hosni  Mubarak  wheeled into a courtroom learn his fate. Hosni  Mubarak  We were dark glasses role in the killing of  protesters . will now spend the The situation here in  tahrir square  turning even more expensive Taking aim at the very  protesters  have been demanding not forget. Hosni  Mubarak  did heed the voice ', "That giant fall from power in Egypt the longtime leader Hosni Mubarak wheeled into a courtroom on a Gurney kept behind -- cage. He was there to learn his fate. Hosni Mubarak -- We were dark glasses he was kept in an -- -- not comment posting I say it. Is sentenced to life in prison for his role in the killing of protesters . -- will now spend the rest of his life walked -- six other officials wouldn't go along with -- -- -- Because of that it was hopefully -- -- people breaking out -- inside and out to cleanse the justice system to. From Florida who was washed out a steep fall after those protests just more than a year ago. The situation here in tahrir square turning even more expensive -- that then we were reporting from tahrir squares and -- men came charging in. In stunning form on horseback and on Campbell. Charging into the crowd carrying whips. Taking aim at the very protesters have been demanding Egypt's president stepped down. -- -- Fear of spreading through congruent with. It's. Again -- -- Why at the ", "down. This is a very steep fall but let's not forget. Hosni Mubarak did heed the voice of his people -- heed the voice of the United States when they said it was time for him to -- Unlike Libya's Gadhafi who did not I was chased out by NATO unlike Syria's president Bashar Assad who is still still think his own people so I think. Hosni Mubarak stands out as a very different kind of Arab -- and he stepped down in the face of the revolution. And about those little girls and their talk of hope for the future what do you make we -- -- -- -- elections are coming just weeks from now. What's really incredible is that the final run -- will -- Hosni Mubarak's -- -- prime minister. Against the Muslim Brotherhood there -- noted liberal candidates even though the revolution said that they wanted a ", "demonstration is there isn't a single police officer or soldier insight would only inflame the already sky high tension. So  protesters  are taking care of their own security. Patting people down checking IDs. Before they its square. That's where the ", "soldier insight -- would only inflame the already sky high tension. So protesters are taking care of their own security. Patting people down checking IDs. Before they -- -- its -- square. That's where the ", 'Officials in Egypt promise to protect Embassy despite ongoing protests over controversial U.S. film.']