['bad health," but did not provide details. A little more than 48 hours after Egyptians toppled the government of  Hosni Mubarak , the military has taken over the country\'s leadership and called for an end to the strikes. The military forced ', 'want a nation reborn. Now... (UNKNOWN): President  Hosni Mubarak  has decided to step down as president. (UNKNOWN): (inaudible East. Word spread Friday morning that President Mubarak had  left Cairo  for his vacation home on the Red Sea. And my colleague ', "While crowds from around the globe have been celebrating the end to  Hosni Mubarak 's 30-year rule as leader of Egypt, questions have arisen about Egypt's uncertain future, its relationship to the U.S ", "President Obama hailed Egyptian President  Hosni Mubarak  's abrupt decision earlier today to step down, ending that the country is going through, President Mohamed  Hosni Mubarak  has decided to relieve himself of his position as president ", 'negotiations with the opposition over reforms. The protesters insist they will only enter dialogue after President  Hosni Mubarak steps down , fearing the regime will manipulate talks and conduct only superficial changes without bringing real democracy. Suleiman ', 'a bullet hitting the guy next to him Wednesday night. He also said he wouldn\'t leave the square until President  Hosni Mubarak  was gone . But what does "gone" mean? For some, it means nothing less than President Mubarak in the dock, or on ', "insist they will remain until Egyptian President  Hosni Mubarak steps down  , many say they're willing to die for it. We protesters were commited to remaining in the square until  Mubarak steps down . Outside the army checkpoint, a small group of ", "Though Egypt's  Hosni Mubarak  stepped down from the presidency, leaving Cairo for a resort intact in other countries. Sources told ABC News that Mubarak  left Cairo  for a town called Sharm el-Sheikh, 250 miles away on the Red ", "Barak Obama Urges Hosni Mubarak's  Departure, Calls Egyptian Protestors 'Inspiration'", "today told embattled Egyptian President  Hosni Mubarak  that relinquishing power was the right groups say they won't negotiate until  Mubarak steps down , according to reports on Al Arabiya chartered by the U.S. government  left Cairo  today, after nine flights Monday to ", 'Egypt\'s upper house of parliament closely linked to President  Hosni Mubarak , shocked Egypt, where high-level officials are rarely finish with her problems and restart her career." Tamim  left Cairo  and moved to London. She met Riad Alazzawi, a British-Iraqi ', 'finish with her problems and restart her career." Tamim  left Cairo  and moved to London. She met Riad Alazzawi, a British-Iraqi Egypt\'s upper house of parliament closely linked to President  Hosni Mubarak , shocked Egypt, where high-level officials are rarely ', "strong indications that President Mubarak has  left Cairo  which would. Keep him as the figurehead according to what had been told his just.  Left Cairo  again strong indications that he's  left Cairo . Strong indication that He left off to ", "Has told me. That there -- strong indications that President Mubarak has left Cairo which would. Keep him as the figurehead president that we were discussing -- speech last night. He noted to -- these reforms to really remove all possible presents from the center of the hundreds of policy question is. He said what in that in that speech now that's at ten days ago that He was gonna die. In Egypt and is not gonna leave Egypt and He just go to the south this summer as a Sharma sugar in the country He is not left the country according to what had been told his just. Left Cairo again strong indications that he's left Cairo . Strong indication that He left off to his speech last night in the nation. And that they believe the government believes that ", 'days ago by President  Hosni Mubarak  saying this morning. Dear citizens President  Hosni Mubarak  has decided stepping Confronted the president had  left Cairo  early this morning president Mohammed  Hosni Mubarak  has decided to relieve ', 'is the vice president. Who was appointed just days ago by President Hosni Mubarak saying this morning. Dear citizens President Hosni Mubarak has decided stepping down. Is the best thing to do He is -- -- the army to take over. And so we -- straight to this week anchor Christiane Amanpour who was in Egypt would be just last week you were just working the phone and what does this mean. Confronted the president had left Cairo early this morning now this means that this according to my sources is an extra constitutional. Move. According to the Egyptian constitution ', "this difficult time that the country is going through. The president Mohammed Hosni Mubarak has decided to relieve himself of his position as president. And the supreme military council has taken control of the State's affairs ", "in these difficult circumstances. The country is passing by Italy's government. in what has decided. President  Hosni Mubarak . President post has decided to step down as president. Are they Egypt's He has decided that the higher council ", "by Italy's government. -- in what has decided. -- -- -- President Hosni Mubarak . President post -- has decided to step down as president. Are they Egypt's He has decided that the higher council of the ", 'Breaking news out of ejected.  Hosni Mubarak  has decided to step down. That has announced. That President  Hosni Mubarak  has stepped down now earlier we through the president Mohammed  Hosni Mubarak  has decided to relieve himself ', 'Breaking news out of ejected. Hosni Mubarak has decided to step down. That the army is right now assigned to take over you -- is seeing a live picture. ', "president Omar -- lament on Egyptian state TV has announced. That President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down now earlier we have learned. That the president was no longer in Cairo that He and his family had flown to Sharm el Sheikh which is a resort hot town where they have a home. That is a symbolic gesture -- that powers had already been transferred to the vice president. And now we -- learning that He has indeed stepped -- I have the full statement here that I will read from vice president sold land saying. My fellow citizens in this difficult time the country is going through the president Mohammed Hosni Mubarak has decided to relieve himself of his position. As president and a supreme military council has taken control of the State's affairs may god protect test. In entire career square the crowds are chanting tar rear Egypt is freed. First three weeks now going on three weeks thousands and thousands of Egyptian citizens have been calling for the ouster. Of Hosni Mubarak who has ruled that country. For three decades He is 82 years old under him a state of emergency law had been ", 'and innocent. You are watching a breaking news -- president of Egypt Hosni Mubarak is resigning according to the vice president of the country sue LaMont. Who announced moments ago on Egyptian state TV. That in these difficult circumstances the country is passing through President Hosni Mubarak . Has decided to leave the position of the presidency you are watching the proud to go why -- In the center of ', "President Mubarak's son has resigned along with several major leaders of the ruling party a significant development. We also learned a phone calls late this evening vice president Joseph Biden calling the vice president of this country talking about concrete timetable. And we saw the line of", "know of radius Mohammed  Hosni Mubarak  President  Hosni Mubarak  has decided to step down reports that Mubarak had  left Cairo . Headed for his home We just got word that  Hosni Mubarak . Hasn't  left Cairo  may be left the country ", "-- man in -- blue -- I don't know of radius Mohammed Hosni Mubarak President Hosni Mubarak has decided to step down from the office of president of the republic said the vice president who was Mubarak's longtime collaborator. ", "planned. A massive march on the house. Then reports that Mubarak had left Cairo . Headed for his home at a resort on the Red -- The tension mounted. We just got word that Hosni Mubarak . Hasn't left Cairo may be left the country so we are going to go to the Presidential Palace where there's a large demonstration mostly. Anti ", "million people to come out. And the opposition leaders are now saying. That they want a national conversation. But they won't have it until President  Mubarak steps down  about the latest from here. Christiane on import thanks for that update.", "they want a national conversation. But they won't have it until President Mubarak steps down about the latest from here. Christiane on import thanks for that update. "]