["Washington is deeply vested in Kuwait's stability as a critical link in the Pentagon's military array against nearby  Iran . Kuwait hosts thousands of U.S. soldiers in the largest deployment of American ground forces in the region. The main 2012, Arab Spring-inspired tensions had grown so high that Kuwait's ruler disbanded parliament after opposition-led  protesters  stormed the chamber. But Kuwait represents the boldest Gulf experiment in permitting political influence outside palace walls ", "Oman's ruler has pardoned 14  protesters  jailed for Arab Spring-inspired demonstrations in 2011 calling for more job opportunities and a greater public voice in that have no direct powers but will serve in an advisory role. Strategic Oman shares control of the Strait of Hormuz with  Iran . The narrow waterway at the mouth of the Persian Gulf is the route for one-fifth of the world's crude oil.", "Oman's ruler has pardoned 14  protesters  jailed for Arab Spring-inspired demonstrations in 2011 calling for more job opportunities and a greater public voice in that have no direct powers but will serve in an advisory role. Strategic Oman shares control of the Strait of Hormuz with  Iran . The narrow waterway at the mouth of the Persian Gulf is the route for one-fifth of the world's crude oil.", "melee that killed three female  protesters , authorities said. The Brotherhood Medical officials said the  protesters ' bodies were examined Saturday as the deaths of dozens of  protesters  in recent weeks. In another regime's key regional backer  Iran . Morsi moved to improve diplomatic ties with  Tehran . Meanwhile, the ministry's ", "violent civil war between Morsi's supporters and anti-Morsi  protesters . U.S. Students Warned to Evacuate Cairo The anti-Morsi  protesters  celebrated into the early morning hours with fireworks in with Syria's deadly civil war, the nuclear threat from  Iran  and a still unstable Libya and Iraq. What happens next in ", 'clashes that followed saw police and  protesters  take and lose control of the square game of cat and mouse, fires burned,  protesters  set off fireworks, threw stones and waved banners while water cannons drenched  protesters , including a man in a wheelchair carrying an ally against Syria, and against  Iran  developing a nuclear weapons program ', 'From Earth Day to the  Iran  Hostage Crisis, April has C., 20 million peaceful  protesters  took to the streets to advocate and video recordings. 1980:  Iran  Hostage Rescue Mission Ends in Disaster The  Iran  Hostage Crisis was going into swarmed the U.S. embassy in  Tehran  out of anger for U.S. support ', 'regardless of the consequences-whether it was passing judgment on a President during Watergate or on another President in the  Iran  Contra hearings. ..." CONSERVATIVE FLAK FOR BOEHNER. After reports over the weekend that House Speaker John Boehner away one of the best tools the Republicans have in their arsenal to force real reform.\'" http://huff.to/T5AuH6  PROTESTERS  OUTSIDE THE NRA. ABC\'s Sarah Parnass and Arlette Saenz report: Chanting "Shame on the NRA," a couple hundred activists ', 'vote of 58-51. In anticipation of the vote, thousands of  protesters  descended on the statehouse as early as 5 a.m. on Tuesday war." Without mentioning Afghanistan, Graham called out  Iran , Syria and broader instability in the Middle East. "I TOVi2Q @nytjim Michigan State Police pepper-spraying  protesters  of measure to weaken organized labor. via ACLU http ', "critical time when there are a lot of hot spots bubbling up.  Iran  is trying to acquire a nuclear weapon, there are new satellite BOEHNER'S HOUSE OFFICE. ABC's Z. Byron Wolf reports,some  protesters  dropped trou to launch a protest at House Speaker John Boehner's ", "countries where traditional Islam is dominant, like Egypt and  Iran , punishment against homosexual activity, not to mention influence and practices. Ten days ago, tens of thousands  protesters  took to the streets against government's plan to legalize same-sex marriage, while several weeks ago, right wing  protesters  stormed an unfinished mosque to show disapproval of France's ", "global perspective for viewers. Amanpour has reported from the world's major hotspots including Afghanistan, Iraq,  Iran , Pakistan, Somalia, Israel, the Palestinian territories, Asia, Rwanda, the Balkans, and the U.S. during Hurricane interviewed Syrian refugees and defected soldiers in Turkey, released Hamas prisoners in the West Bank and rioting austerity  protesters  in Greece. Matt Gutman , previously a Jerusalem-based Correspondent for ABC News Radio, covered the war between Israel ", "police are taking on anti-government  protesters  in the heart of that country's capital Ally that borders syria, iraq and  iran . Reporter: That's right, george tear gas and water canons against the  protesters . Setting the stage for what could be tear gas flying through the air, as  protesters  clashed with police overnight, in the ", "dramatic clashes in turkey, where police are taking on anti-government protesters in the heart of that country's capital. Alex marquardt is there. Turkey is a key u.S. Ally that borders syria, iraq and iran . Reporter: That's right, george. This square behind me has been ground zero for the protests. And overnight, it resembled a war zone, with riot police moving in, firing tear gas and water canons against the protesters . Setting the stage for what could be another violent day. Rocks, fireworks and tear gas flying through the air, as protesters clashed with police overnight, in the worst violence since the protests started. They shoot right into the crowd. And people were basically ", "Suffocating amid vast clouds of tear gas.  Protesters  refused to leave this park for over he made good on that promise. The  protesters  blame the prime minister for the police's ally for the war in syria and against  iran 's nuclear program. Tonight, at a violent crackdowns have only energized the  protesters .", "chaos in turkey, where police fired tear gas and water cannons at protesters . At the same time, the prime minister was holding his own rally. Tonight, defending his crackdown. Abc's alex marquardt is in istanbul. Alex? Reporter: Good evening, david. It's been a day of brutal crackdowns here in istanbul. The anti-government protesters have been violently uprooted from the park they've been occupying. The police tonight won't let us get anywhere near it. As the government launches an all-out effort to quash this two-week protest. It's tiolence turkey has seen in decades. Today, running battles between police and the anti-government protesters . Suffocating amid vast clouds of tear gas. Protesters refused to leave this park for over two weeks, despite repeated angry warnings from turkey's prime minister that he would clear the park. Last night, he made good on that promise. The protesters blame the prime minister for the police's brutality, for acting like a dictator and a long list of undemocratic grievances. The prime minister is one of america's best friends. A key regional ally for the war in syria and against iran's nuclear program. Tonight, at a massive rally, a defiant prime minister made no apologies, telling supporters and the world that those in the square are just a minority and do not represent turkey. It's hard to say where this protest mont goes from here. It's clear that the security services will not tolerate the kind of unrest we've seen. But these violent crackdowns have only energized the protesters . ", 'Under way between riot police and  protesters . In Istanbul Turkey. Nearly 5000 injured Al Assad in Syria. And in stopping  Iran  from getting a nuclear weapon. But for almost two weeks now  protesters  have unleashed their rage against him unimaginable. Just. Weeks ago many of the  protesters  theaters that the prime minister is ', 'the US against president Bashar Al Assad in Syria. And in stopping Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. But for almost two weeks now protesters have unleashed their rage against him. We were there again. These are some of the biggest protest this country has seen in decades unimaginable. Just. Weeks ago many of the protesters theaters that the prime minister is becoming a dictator who want him to step down you feel that our lights largely taken ', 'Now to  Iran  where tens of thousands of  protesters  turned out. For government opposition cranes they were the largest protests in  Iran  more than a year. And government security captured a man shot in the leg but the  protesters  fought back when a man believed to be People in the streets across cities in  Iran  you know the same opportunity that they ', "Now to Iran where tens of thousands of protesters turned out. For government opposition rallies on Monday and tangle with police and the largest mass demonstrations there since 2009. Sparked a large part by the uprisings and Tunisia and Egypt. And she -- has the latest joins us this morning from Cairo -- good morning Jim. Good morning Robin to turn -- surprisingly large in Iran and what's significant here is that many. Had -- the protest movement in Iran was effectively shut down silence. By a yearlong crackdown but -- showing just how far and wide the protests here in Egypt are inspiring people. Inspired by Egypt Iranians took to the streets and took aim at their own leaders chanting. Death to the dictator. Okay. A crowd estimated in the tens of thousands this spirit lifted by a young -- climbing a giant cranes they were the largest protests in Iran -- more than a year. And government security forces were waiting for them in uniform and undercover. They fired tear gas and rubber bullets. Dramatic cell phone video captured a man shot in the leg but the protesters fought back when a man believed to be a plainclothes policeman who -- a protest banner. The crowd -- -- As the -- is spread outside the capitol to the cities of Shiraz and Isfahan. US officials voiced strong support. We wish the opposition and the Braves. People in the streets across cities in Iran you know the same opportunity that they -- very Egyptian counterpart -- in the last week. -- Iranians last took to the ", 'Western Europe and Japan left  Iran  today. Calling their diplomats home  protesters  not a formal break in relations economic sanctions against  Iran  might be forthcoming. Washington timetable of future steps against  Iran . A senior administration official is being fought of course in  Tehran  today ambassadors from Islamic ', "The battle against worldwide economic sanctions is being fought of course in Tehran today ambassadors from Islamic nations met with the Iranian -- -- -- looking for -- Jerry King reports. It's unlikely foreign minister ", "the president, is the u.S. Ready if  iran  acts? Reporter: Are you prepared to would come after a military strike against  iran 's nuclear facilities? First of all every option that's available to prevent  iran  from getting a nuclear weapon, because from the region tonight. Look at this.  Protesters  in the west bank with this poster. Evoking ", "while there, facing tough questions over the major worry in that region, iran . And how far america will go to stop iran from gaining a nuclear weapon. Israel has said it would take out iran's nuclear facilities if iran gets close. Iran threatening now to fight back. Abc's jon karl traveling with the president, asking the president, is the u.S. Ready if iran acts? Reporter: Are you prepared to deal with the fallout that would come after a military strike against iran's nuclear facilities? First of all, jon, the best resolution of this situation is through dip phone lomacy. They should be fully integrated into the international xhupty. That should be the vision. Not threats to raise israeli cities to the ground. But yes, I will maintain every option that's available to prevent iran from getting a nuclear weapon, because I think the consequences for the region and for the world would be extraordinarily dangerous. Our chief white house correspondent jon karl there with the pointed question for the president. There is another powerful image from the region tonight. Look at this. Protesters in the west bank with this poster. Evoking that famous hope campaign poster, instead, the president's face vandalized. A mbol of the "]