["chemical weapons in  Syria 's civil war began a mission to  Damascus  Wednesday, trying possible inquiry.  Damascus  agreed that the U central city of Homs,  Damascus  and elsewhere. The chemical weapons use in  Syria . He said Sellstrom's ", "members to bolster  Syria 's President Bashar flow of refugees from  Syria 's civil war because Hezbollah's involvement in  Syria  as further reason uprising against Assad in  Syria , while Shiites generally and the regime in  Damascus . The EU only made ", 'Lebanon on their way to  Syria  for the first time invitation to visit  Damascus  for talks. Hezbollah\'s rebel-held areas in  Syria  is highly divisive justice-seeking identity."  Syria \'s civil war has Beirut on their way to  Damascus , Lebanese airport ', "lives shattered by  Syria 's war. Last week children, warning that  Syria 's violence is producing Syrian province of  Daraa , where the Syrian Congo, Iraq and  Syria  to work on art projects green tricolor flag of  Syria 's opposition ", "with the heir third in line to the British throne. 2.  SYRIA , NSA FUNDING BEFORE HOUSE Tea party conservatives and liberal KIDNAPPED' BY MILITARY Four people died in the latest  protests  between supporters and opponents of the ousted Egyptian ", "sent its members to bolster  Syria 's President Bashar Assad Hezbollah's involvement in  Syria  as further reason for the uprising against Assad in  Syria , while Shiites generally Hezbollah and the regime in  Damascus . The EU only made its decision ", "months for  Syria 's rebels Aleppo,  Syria 's largest in Homs,  Syria 's third road between  Damascus  and regime SANA said.  Damascus  and its suburbs have died in  Syria 's conflict largely peaceful  protests  against Assad ", "battles for control of the capital,  Damascus . The death toll reported by the Britain-based included 49 rebels killed in an ambush in  Damascus ' northeastern suburb of Adra early Sunday rebels died in fighting Sunday in central  Damascus , while another nine were killed in its ", "town in northern  Syria  on Sunday, killing the violence in  Syria , said at least an ambush near  Damascus . Separately in a town near  Syria 's northern border ethnic minority in  Syria , make up more Turkey and Iraq.  Damascus  and Aleppo also ", "three female  protesters , authorities officials said the  protesters ' bodies were of dozens of  protesters  in recent weeks driven street  protests  against the stance toward  Syria . Morsi had diplomatic ties with  Damascus  just weeks ", "highway that links  Syria 's largest city the capital,  Damascus , the seat of stronghold of  Syria 's ruling Alawite its air power.  Syria 's state news killed since the  Syria  crisis started largely peaceful  protests  against Assad's ", "the shelling. The town lies along the highway that links  Syria 's largest city, Aleppo, with the capital,  Damascus , the seat of Assad's power.", 'unauthorized rendition on the 50-year-old. Hayssam fled to  Syria  from Romania in 2006. His flight from Romania triggered president earlier refused to say whether authorities in  Damascus  had turned Hayssam over.', 'in  Syria  this evening thousands of  protesters  dead. The capital city  Damascus  and tonight anti Assad  demonstrations  and bloody there are  Syria  and the Syrians going into  Syria . Today we to fire on  protesters  leaving a ', "-- in Syria this evening the revolt against President Bush are outside -- spreading this evening despite his brutal crackdown has left thousands of protesters dead. The opposition has just struck in the capital city Damascus and tonight we hear from president Asad who says he's not going anywhere. ABC's Alex -- court takes us to the Syrian ", 'My country not to piece of me. Eight months of anti Assad demonstrations and bloody crackdowns have given away to an armed insurgency. Led by defectors calling themselves the free Syrian army. Those hills right there are Syria and the Syrians who have fled appearance in northern Lebanon say the other side of this open border is littered with landmines. To prevent fighters and weapons from going into Syria . Today we met this twenty year old defector -- former private who said he was ordered to fire on protesters leaving a mosque. He was shot twice in the leg as he ran away now recovering in Lebanon too afraid to show ', 'are taking on  anti - government protesters  in the heart of Ally that borders  syria , iraq and iran ground zero for the  protests . And overnight canons against the  protesters . Setting the through the air, as  protesters  clashed with police ', "dramatic clashes in turkey, where police are taking on anti - government protesters in the heart of that country's capital. Alex marquardt is there. Turkey is a key u.S. Ally that borders syria , iraq and iran. Reporter: That's right, george. This square behind me has been ground zero for the protests . And overnight, it resembled a war zone, with riot police moving in, firing tear gas and water canons against the protesters . Setting the stage for what could be another violent day. Rocks, fireworks and tear gas flying through the air, as protesters clashed with police overnight, in the worst violence since the protests started. They shoot right into the crowd. And people were basically running. And people were afraid to be run over. Reporter: In protests that have spread across the country, three people have been killed and thousands wounded. Globally, turkey is the sixth-most visited country by tourists. Over 500,000 americans visit every year. That could be in jeopardy with these biggest protests in decades. Shaking the leadership of this man, prime minister recep tayyip erdogan. Here, they're say he's increasingly authoritarian and imposing his will of islam. He wants to control anything. He doesn't want anything against him. Reporter: The prime minister says he has the support of the majority of the turkish population. And he won't tolerate the protests . It's hard to see how these protests end peacefully. ", 'turmoil.  Anti government  protest in most violent  demonstrations  seen in that unleashed. These  protesters  are pulling many of the  protesters  the prime here that the  protesters  are digging regime in  Syria . And funnels ', "a close ally of the US in his state of serious turmoil. Anti government protest in Turkey are now in their fifth the day and the largest most violent demonstrations seen in that country in years. ABC's Alex mark -- reports on the anger and it's aimed at one man. This is a moment said to have helped spark -- at all Turkish police pepper spraying a young woman at point blank range. What had been a small protest about a -- exploded the years of pent up anger Turkey's leader now unleashed. -- -- These protesters are pulling up concrete blocks then slaps a tree is barricade here to block the police and it's clear that after several days of these massive protest. Neither side. The biggest protest this country has seen in decades unimaginable. Just. Weeks ago many of the protesters -- -- the prime minister is becoming a dictator who wanted to step down. And -- you can see here that the protesters are digging in for a long fight. The anger is aimed at this man prime minister -- -- tell you -- to want it they say he has clamped down on their freedom of speech. As restricted alcohol sales. It's pushing a strict brand of Islam but for the US he has been a reliable and key ally -- the support the US and bringing down the Asad regime in Syria . And funnels American aid to the rebels he also is always a big role in the Israeli Palestinian peace process. US says it's concerned by the use of excessive force against the protesters . And is encouraging restraint it's too early to say whether the Arab Spring has now spread to Turkey. But what is clear ", "Brotherhood  protesters  the is legitimacy many of these  protesters . Are saying before these  protests  and started the region for  Syria  for Israel it's you know  Syria  Lebanon. You square those  protesters  those. Those ", "hours after a clash with the military that left at least fifty protesters dead. And now observers are were in the incident could signal the beginning -- yet another new. And violent phase of Egypt's ", "started being fired live ammunition -- shot. Tear gas were fired at protesters . Leading these sixty people dead. We have seen videos it's soldiers on rooftops firing into the crowd. Said the brotherhood says that ", "-- here day after day when you go and visit. With the protesters who are poor or in more -- camp. -- the Muslim Brotherhood protesters the -- -- is legitimacy. They continually come up to me saying we had -- -- who was elected legitimately he was elected in free and fair elections the democratic process. Which by all accounts international standards went smoothly he won by a hair as he mentioned 61 point 7% of the vote. But he still -- -- so many of these protesters . Are saying give him more time so now we have the military going in and deposing him. A what they're calling a ", "between police and the  anti - government protesters . Suffocating amid vast clouds of tear gas.  Protesters  refused to leave this on that promise. The  protesters  blame the prime minister ally for the war in  syria  and against iran's ", "chaos in turkey, where police fired tear gas and water cannons at protesters . At the same time, the prime minister was holding his own rally. Tonight, defending his crackdown. Abc's alex marquardt is in istanbul. Alex? Reporter: Good evening, david. It's been a day of brutal crackdowns here in istanbul. The anti - government protesters have been violently uprooted from the park they've been occupying. The police tonight won't let us get anywhere near it. As the government launches an all-out effort to quash this two-week protest. It's tiolence turkey has seen in decades. Today, running battles between police and the anti - government protesters . Suffocating amid vast clouds of tear gas. Protesters refused to leave this park for over two weeks, despite repeated angry warnings from turkey's prime minister that he would clear the park. Last night, he made good on that promise. The protesters blame the prime minister for the police's brutality, for acting like a dictator and a long list of undemocratic grievances. The prime minister is one of america's best friends. A key regional ally for the war in syria and against iran's nuclear program. Tonight, at a massive rally, a defiant prime minister made no apologies, telling supporters and the world that those in the square are just a minority and do not represent turkey. It's hard to say where this protest mont goes from here. It's clear that the security services will not tolerate the kind of unrest we've seen. But these violent crackdowns have only energized the protesters . ", 'police and  protesters . In Istanbul tear gas at  anti government  demonstrators US against  president Bashar Al Assad  in  Syria . And in weeks now  protesters  have unleashed many of the  protesters  theaters for these  protests protests', "dream about there are violent clashes. Under way between riot police and protesters . In Istanbul Turkey. Nearly 5000 injured raising concern about America's friend in that volatile region and ABC's Alex -- -- is on the crack down tonight. Tonight one of the world's great ancient cities looks. Like a war zone. All day Central Square and Istanbul riot police fired volleys of burning tear gas at anti government demonstrators. Knocking them back with water cannon. The demonstrators entered by throwing rocks and setting fires. Their anger is directed squarely at this man prime minister -- to tie it aired a 11 of America's closest friends. His country houses American nuclear weapons he's a crucial ally standing with the US against president Bashar Al Assad in Syria . And in stopping Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. But for almost two weeks now protesters have unleashed their rage against him. We were there again. These are some of the biggest protest this country has seen in decades unimaginable. Just. Weeks ago many of the protesters theaters that the prime minister is becoming a dictator who want him to step down you feel that our lights largely taken away from us. We don't feelings and -- country anymore. They also say he's imposing his strict Islam -- the ideals including restricting the sale of alcohol. Today but defiant -- -- -- warned that he would showed no more tolerance for these protests protests that began over a small city park. And are now seeking the stability of the key American ally. Alex Marquardt ABC news. ", "Middle East  Syria . A bloody day pro democracy  demonstrations . Against the the streets of  Syria  against his was lifted by  Syria 's president Marshall outside.  Protesters  demanded the over. With  protesters  promising to ", "We turn to the latest powder keg in the Middle East Syria . A bloody day at least 75 people were killed during pro democracy demonstrations . Against the government of Bashar Al Assad the 45 year old doctor. Educated in England I met him in 2007. His wife of former Wall Street banker. And today there was a political earthquake in the streets of Syria against his government as Martha Raddatz reports. The -- and renewable. Gathering all the most serious for the first time. Since in nearly fifty year old state of emergency was lifted by Syria's president Marshall outside. Protesters demanded the ended the regime. Ripping down a statue of the president's father -- to see the reaction of heavily armed government "]