['member of FIFA\'s executive committee says awarding the 2022 World Cup to  Qatar  was a "blatant mistake" and that even moving it to avoid searing summer had voted "against a fair awarding procedure" in giving the World Cup to  Qatar .', "first appearance at Brisbane's Pat Rafter Arena starting Dec. 29 after starting his season at an exhibition tournament in  Qatar  for the past four years. The 17-time major winner is the first big name to be announced for the 2014 Brisbane event ", "first appearance at Brisbane's Pat Rafter Arena starting Dec. 29 after starting his season at an exhibition tournament in  Qatar  for the past four years. The 17-time major winner is the first big name to be announced for the 2014 Brisbane event ", 'Al-Jazeera and the man who has overseen development of the American outlet, is the interim chief executive officer.  Qatar -based Al-Jazeera, formed in 1996, has expanded quickly around the world but struggled to gain access to U.S. cable ', 'President Hamid Karzai suspended negotiations following a disagreement over a Taliban political office in the Gulf state of  Qatar . Dempsey spoke to reporters in Kabul Monday after talks with Karzai and Afghan military leaders. THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS ', "Bulgaria, the United  Arab  Emirates and Pakistan. An itinerary growing quickly and some, like  Kuwait  and  Qatar , are rich. Many of them and a batch of companies from  Qatar  and other countries on the into trouble, Vietnam and  Kuwait  wouldn't even notice. As ", 'visit to Afghanistan. Peace talks have not yet begun and the Taliban earlier this month closed their political office in  Qatar , at least temporarily, after a dispute broke out over their use of the name and flag they had during their five-year ', "Bulgaria, the United  Arab  Emirates and Pakistan. An itinerary growing quickly and some, like  Kuwait  and  Qatar , are rich. Many of them and a batch of companies from  Qatar  and other countries on the into trouble, Vietnam and  Kuwait  wouldn't even notice. As ", 'political office in the Gulf state of  Qatar  following angry complaints from Afghanistan at home to the negotiating table in  Qatar  is hobbling efforts to start the talks Taliban closed their political office in  Qatar , at least temporarily, to protest ', "moving the 2022 World Cup in  Qatar  to the winter to avoid the refused to say if he backed  Qatar , which can have temperatures Hassan Al-Thawadi, said  Qatar  bid for a summer tournament the first World Cup in the  Middle East  in the summer. Moving the heat were a defining theme of  Qatar 's bid, but the cooling technology ", 'Qatar  will host the 2015 world boxing championships, beating a bid from Bangkok exciting for AIBA to explore new horizons and we are looking forward to visit  Doha  in 2015." Wednesday\'s decision was made by AIBA\'s executive committee ', "the passengers this man identified as  qatari diplomat  Mohamed Al Madani. It can simply routine doing. He identified himself as a  diplomat  from  Qatar  He. And responded perhaps sarcastically official business to Denver He isn't  diplomat  that gives him diplomatic immunity ", "Passengers and six crew. One of the passengers this man identified as qatari diplomat Mohamed Al Madani. It can simply routine until just before landing -- -- -- went to the bathroom. -- sources -- flight attendants noticed smoke coming from the restroom. And notified federal air marshals on the flight they thought maybe He tried to ignite something he's anti capitalist I just. The air marshals confronted him demanding to know what He was doing. He identified himself as a diplomat from Qatar He. And responded perhaps sarcastically. That He was trying to light his shoes on fire. A reference instantly bringing to mind shoe ", "gotten significant weapons supplies from regional partners like  Qatar . On the saudis. Which have been funneling through Turkey they want side regime to go since very early on. And the  Arab  Spring when eight. When they're adults began when protests of the core group of essentially Latin countries. In the  Middle East  and in Europe that it worked together to strengthen the Syrian ", 'part of the -- core group of essentially Latin countries. In the Middle East and in Europe that it worked together to strengthen the Syrian opposition. I will leave it to them to make their own. ', "pars and very carefully analyzed in the  Middle East  they don't like seeing too much remembered glad to be in today's show over in the  Arab  world where things are very tense right on the minds of everyone here. And the  Arab  media. And across the  Arab  world is it is it is not thinking about ", "about this is everything is pars and very carefully analyzed in the Middle East they don't like seeing too much remembered Joseph Biden just. Five days ago said He would not call bark dictator would not ", "give heavy weapons to. I don't think the united states --  qatar , saudi arabia, but train them. Look the rebels in the eye thing to worry about. We have a much bigger issue in fact  middle east , iran. Plus, all sorts of issues in asia with china, and ", "thing to worry about. We have a much bigger issue in fact middle east , iran. Plus, all sorts of issues in asia with china, and the domestic challenges at home. We don't want american foreign policy ", "incident. The medical center of it all a  diplomat  from cutter who has been set free about couldn't get more bizarre we now the  diplomat  at the center of it Mohammed Al Madani also from and visits are part of the  diplomat 's job but it was a  diplomat  himself ", "it's become an international incident. The medical center of it all a diplomat from cutter who has been set free about the purpose of his trip is also confounding. Lisa stark has been reporting the story for us all day. As did this case couldn't get more bizarre we now -- the diplomat at the center of it Mohammed Al Madani. Was traveling to the super Max prison in Colorado to check on the well being of an al-Qaeda prisoner. That prisoner is also from -- and -- visits are part of the diplomat's job but it was a diplomat himself who raised terrorism alarms last night. It all started around 6:20 PM mountain time some forty minutes before landing when Al -- headed to a first class restroom. Flight attendant smelled smoke and notified to air marshals on board. Who confronted the man. Alma -- identified himself as a diplomat and said he'd been trying to light his shoes on fire. It may -- admitted joke but the remark set off a ", "involved. Turkey, saudi, jordan,  qatar . And beginning to empower the rebels alone, the message sent to the  middle east  and to the wider world, that the choosing. It's not about the  middle east . It's about the middle class ", 'for us. Even if israel acts alone, the message sent to the middle east and to the wider world, that the united states has already has involvement through israel in syria. Let me ask you this. ', "governing, george, as you know is about choosing. It's not about the middle east . It's about the middle class. This president, second term, out of 17 in american history, believes his legacy is transformational at home. ", "Starting with  Libya  as of this moment any sign scores of countries European  Arab . The United Nations. The we wanted to get weapons.  Libya  we probably We're looking participating. Including  Arab  countries like  Qatar  and United  Arab  Emirates powerful on the ground in  Libya . That's why it's important going through turmoil in the  Middle East  right now and we should not ", "Starting with Libya as of this moment any sign -- went up. Well I think what we're seeing is that the circle around about it ", "that it's fair to say that if we wanted to get weapons. Libya we probably -- We're looking at all our options at this point. But keep in mind what we've accomplished we have instituted no fly zone that can be sustained for quite some time because it's an international. Effort it's not just a US effort. And so we've got scores of countries that are participating. Including Arab countries like Qatar and United Arab Emirates. That means He can't use any airpower. His air defense systems have been completely disabled. Because of this of the million ", "or opposition capable. Then he's still. More powerful on the ground in Libya . That's why it's important for us not only to keep up the military pressure. But it's also important for us to maintain "]