["Bahrain  says authorities have arrested three suspects more militant factions in the opposition.  Bahrain  has experienced over two years of unrest home to the U.S. Navy's 5th Fleet.  Bahrain 's Interior Ministry said Sunday the three ", "bombing outside a mosque near the royal palaces has rattled  Bahrain , prompting authorities and main opposition groups in the by militant factions as part of the 29-month unrest.  Bahrain 's majority Shiites are seeking a greater political voice ", "bombing outside a mosque near the royal palaces has rattled  Bahrain , prompting authorities and main opposition groups in the by militant factions as part of the 29-month unrest.  Bahrain 's majority Shiites are seeking a greater political voice ", "Opposition groups in  Bahrain  are appealing for authorities to call off crackdown warnings over 14 inspired by the toppling of Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi.  Bahrain  has been wracked by 29 months of near nonstop unrest as majority Shiites ", "Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan and likely the  Middle East  who came to Pakistan's tribal they were taking to get to the  Middle East . An activist based in northern in the United Arab Emirates and  Bahrain , Hamza said. Suleman flew to ", "Authorities in  Bahrain  say a bomb explosion has injured of a 29-month uprising by  Bahrain 's Shiite majority seeking area northwest of the capital  Manama . Last week, a policeman than 60 people have died in  Bahrain 's unrest. Some opposition President Mohammed Morsi.  Bahrain 's Interior Ministry warned ", "Jackson stressed the importance of school Prince, Paris and Blanket Jackson moved around a lot (Prince said they visited  Bahrain , Aspen, New York and Las Vegas because their dad couldn't be away from them), but their dad always made sure they ", "Today in Pictures: Afghan Refugees in Pakistan, Riot Police in Bahrain , Preparing for Margaret Thatcher's Funeral", 'An Afghan refugee boy, right, launches a kite, while other children play nearby, in a poor neighborhood on the outskirts of Islamabad, Pakistan, April 16, 2013. Pakistan hosts over 1.6 million registered Afghans, the largest and most protracted refugee population in the world, according to...', 'Talk Syria U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is in Saudi Arabia today for talks with the foreign ministers of Kuwait,  Bahrain , and Oman as well as the Saudi crown prince and foreign minister. The meetings are expected to focus on the crisis in ', 'Christopher Dorner Manhunt: Police Search for Suspected Cop Killer With Door-to-Door Search', 'Dorner just finished his military career as a lieutenant on Friday. His only overseas deployment was to a Navy base in  Bahrain . He also received a Rifle Marksman Ribbon and Pistol Expert Medal, meaning he received superior scores when he tested ', 'are three more Nobu hotels in the works: A Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, location will open in 2013 and hotels in London and  Bahrain  are "coming soon," according to the Nobu Hotels website.', 'responsible for the periscope having been sheared off. The submarine then traveled by surface to the U.S. naval base in  Bahrain , where a damage assessment is underway. According to the statement, "The reactor remains in a safe condition, there ', "in Egypt is still creating sparks in  Libya . Images ricocheting across the Internet people injured. Thousands of police in  Yemen  tried to short circuit sixth day of for the long haul. In what has become  Bahrain 's version of time square and that's business pearl's wearing downtown  Manama  this center of the protests here in  Bahrain  and the organizers are getting. Very ", "first live by the uprising in Egypt is still creating sparks in Libya . Images ricocheting across the Internet of violent clashes between anti -- protesters. And riot police. Forty people injured. Thousands of police in Yemen tried to short circuit -- sixth day of demonstrations there. And also in -- people -- important in the fight against al-Qaeda and home to a US naval base crowds demanded more jobs. And an end of the 200 year old -- keep protesters digging and they say for the long haul. In what has become Bahrain's version of time -- -- square and that's where we find Miguel Marquez tonight. Diane business pearl's wearing downtown Manama this center of the protests here in Bahrain and the organizers are getting. Very organized and -- have a birthday. This -- and the cell phone charging stand in. Every revolution now runs on the ability to send text messages and tweets and FaceBook updates. And. All right -- gal who will continue to report on abcnews.com. About every development in ", 'fever. Across the  Middle East  this is something the will be calling her  Bahraini  counterpart today and that comes out of the  Middle East  into the west there essentially. in Egypt and  Yemen  and  Bahrain  the government denies US ally in Egypt and  Bahrain  are so there are competing ', "morning -- Chris -- is called this the freedom fever. Across the Middle East this is something the White House has been focused on. For some time we're learning now that the president way back in August ordered a study of this unrest in poor countries in particular Jordan Egypt -- In Yemen where it's all happening right now. That's right the president last August ordered this presidential study directive his eleventh. Study directive to look at ways that the US -- try to come to terms with balancing security and stability needs in the region with American ideals for our democracy. And reform in terms of -- are rain ABC news has learned. By the secretary of state Hillary Clinton will be calling her -- Bahraini counterpart today and other senior administration officials will be doing the same as they urged the government there ought to respect the right of the protesters to peacefully. Assembly. Assemble as was mentioned by Robin this is the home. Of the fifth fleet this is -- key strategic ally it's where the navy basically monitors the oil flow that comes out of the Middle East into the west there was a very important part of the world for the US in the -- White House is on top essentially. -- in Egypt and Yemen and Bahrain the government denies his government urging governments there to show restraint. In the case of Iran really trying to encourage the protesters. That's right -- of course Iran is not a US ally in Egypt and Bahrain are so there are competing it issues an interest here for the US as we try to as the president tries to ", 'give everyone a better idea  Bahrain  a small an island in the Arabia destabilize. The  Middle East  joining us now for more what they why the situation  Bahrain  will soon. But there is positions of power. He  Bahraini . Royal family very close animal with access program.  Libya  that are at least four to there. And and also in  Yemen  that sentence there are reports today of  Libya  the coolest day of rage people in many cities around  Libya  against Wal-Mart unlucky ', "-- to give everyone a better idea Bahrain a small an island in the Persian gulf only four times larger than Washington DC but it now -- -- -- attention. Not only has headquarters of the navy's fifth fleet but because of fears that demonstrations by Shiite Muslims could spread of the Saudi Arabia destabilize. The Middle East -- joining us now for more perspective as the host of this week. Christian -- were always good to have -- -- -- -- his -- we know the -- reasons for doing what they -- why -- -- -- the situation Bahrain will soon. But there is really the Shiite majority. Which is demonstrating for much more -- begins for many many is they've been living under Sunni minority. And what they want a more economic -- more rights to be in positions of power. He Bahraini . Royal family -- -- very close to the United States as you mentioned fifteenth visit very pro western and have just been touting bit. Progress in -- the parliamentary and free assembly. And in fact the -- -- king went on television and allowed people to protest peacefully so this crackdown is quite. Quite bad. We're seeing other protests and an animal with -- access program. Libya -- that are at least four to Baghdad and in demonstrations there. And and also in Yemen that sentence there are reports today of Libya the coolest day of rage many many people in many cities around Libya against Wal-Mart unlucky is He meant for the last forty years plus. And then of course in Yemen for the seventh consecutive day. Protests that an unusual because that they did get the attention of the president another key US ", 'Protests are spreading all over the Arab world this morning in  Libya . Dozens were killed in a crackdown on protesters there Algeria bracing for another pro democracy rally in  Yemen  police fired on demonstrators today killing one. And injuring government has ordered the military off the streets today.  Bahrain  is a key US ally more than 4000 military personnel stationed ', "Protests are spreading all over the Arab world this morning in Libya . Dozens were killed in a crackdown on protesters there Algeria -- bracing for another pro democracy rally in Yemen police fired on demonstrators today killing one. And injuring five and the most crucially in my brain. The government has ordered the military off the streets today. Bahrain is a key US ally more than 4000 military personnel stationed there -- -- home to the US navy's fifth fleet. Which protects the Strait of Hormuz and oil lifeline to the west. Our -- Marquez is there once again this morning. This disturbing amateur video shows how defiant protesters have become here. How deadly serious the military it is last night a small group of unarmed protesters ", 'protests spread across the  Middle East  not just  Bahrain  Jake. Good evening Diane of life that protests in  Bahrain . But the secretary of state enough for many. Areas  Bahrain  is home to more than 4000 targets of those protests.  Yemen  where protests have for officials calling their  Bahraini  counterparts urging them protesting in the streets the  Bahraini  government. Not seeming ', 'at the White House here today. With top officials calling their -- Bahraini counterparts urging them to show restraint respect demonstrators protesting in the streets the Bahraini government. Not seeming to get the message we may have seen this movie recently before I -- all right take so -- ', "Key American military ally in the  Middle East  we see the turmoil there. Right now protesters criticizing heavily armed police swept. The coral square and a court to  Manama Bahrain 's capital city. Firing rubber bullets and tear gas canisters ", "of heavily armed police swept. The coral square and a court to Manama Bahrain's capital city. Firing rubber bullets and tear gas canisters that. Young people then put -- children are all happy out after day ", "In the  Middle East  overnight the popular uprising sweeping hundreds dead and thousands injured in  Libya . In  Yemen  this morning thousands again industries the unrest on a foreign plot. And in  Bahrain  home to the US navy's fifth fleet to pools for the king to step down.  Bahrain  of course is also logistical hub and ", "he's yeah. Out of -- of hundreds dead and thousands injured in Libya . In Yemen this morning thousands -- again industries in the capital -- the president an important American ally in the war on terror. -- the unrest on a foreign plot. And in Bahrain home to the US navy's fifth fleet which protects crucial oil shipping lanes demonstrators retook the sweat. -- that calls for reform have now given way to pools for the king to step down. Bahrain of course is also -- logistical hub and -- center for US operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. And last night in a "]