['Creates second-largest refugee camp in the world for those trying to escape civil war.', "cost you $200 or more over the next year to fill up your gas tank. What's behind all of this? You have turmoil in the  middle east . The unrest in egypt is creating instability and raising prices. And back here in the united states, people are hitting ", "gas tank. What's behind all of this? You have turmoil in the middle east . The unrest in egypt is creating instability and raising prices. And back here in the united states, people are hitting the roads. ", "one of the US's closest allies in the  Middle East . One of the largest recipient of American not wonder is democracy failing in the  Middle East  you know. Egypt is the bedrock of the  Middle East  what happens in Egypt is likely to happen ", "Cairo closely Egypt is one of the US's closest allies in the Middle East . One of the largest recipient of American dollars in foreign aid. Just four days ago on the first anniversary of president more ", 'the last few days and not wonder is democracy failing in the Middle East you know. Egypt is the bedrock of the Middle East what happens in Egypt is likely to happen around that region so everybody is closely watching and of course is -- massively ', "one of the US's closest allies in the  Middle East . One of the largest recipient of American and not wonder is democracy failing the  Middle East  you know. Egypt is the bedrock of the  Middle East  what happens in Egypt is likely to happen ", "Cairo closely Egypt is one of the US's closest allies in the Middle East . One of the largest recipient of American dollars in foreign aid. Just four days ago on the first anniversary of president more ", "the last few days and not wonder is democracy failing -- the Middle East you know. Egypt is the bedrock of the Middle East what happens in Egypt is likely to happen around that region so everybody's closely watching and of course is -- massively important ", "for a long long time to come. It's extraordinarily. Worrying we Very you know very unstable. Countries and the rest the  Middle East  whether it's you know Syria Lebanon. You know Tunisia. Libya the list goes on so to At this as such importing country ", "-- -- Very you know very unstable. Countries and the rest the Middle East whether it's you know Syria Lebanon. You know Tunisia. Libya the list goes on so to -- At this as such importing ", "Now we head overseas to the boiling unrest in egypt, the giant arab nation and a linchpin for america in the  middle east . This map shows you one reason why. A major life line for the world's oil supply drives through the heart of that country ", "egypt, the giant arab nation and a linchpin for america in the middle east . This map shows you one reason why. A major life line for the world's oil supply drives through the heart of that ", "with president bush, I asked him about egypt and whether in light of the arab spring he pushed too hard for democracy in the  middle east . No. What I think what you're seeing is an evolution. Democracies take a while to take root. Has it been good or bad ", "of the arab spring he pushed too hard for democracy in the middle east . No. What I think what you're seeing is an evolution. Democracies take a while to take root. Has it been good or ", 'critical country in that region and for the United States a key. Ally in some ways in keeping whatever is left stability in the  Middle East  is there anything the US can do it all we just gonna stand by and watch this happen. at the very sensitive issue for the ', 'in some ways in keeping whatever is left -- stability in the Middle East is there anything the US can do it all -- we just gonna stand by and watch this happen. -- at the ', 'advisers in the situation room. Egypt is the key player in the  middle east , in the arab world, the top economic power, military power civil war break out in the most important arab country in the  middle east . Turning now to the 4th of', "advisers in the situation room. Egypt is the key player in the middle east , in the arab world, the top economic power, military power, political power. So while the white house says it's deeply concerned with ", 'civil war break out in the most important arab country in the middle east . Turning now to the 4th of ', 'The people of Iran elect a more moderate candidate to help lead  middle eastern  country.', "set up shop at the home plate deli. Can I help you? Reporter: Meena, the man behind the counter -- I'm playing the  middle eastern  victim. Reporter: -- And oliver, the racist provoking him -- I am the bigot. Reporter: -- Are both actors. I don't ", "you? Reporter: Meena, the man behind the counter -- I'm playing the middle eastern victim. Reporter: -- And oliver, the racist provoking him -- I am the bigot. Reporter: -- Are both actors. I don't want ", 'Reporter: He had gone to alexandria, egypt, for the summer to teach english and sharpen his arabic. A budding scholar on the  middle east . Andrew pochter was 21, he would have been a junior this fall in ohio. He left home in maryland to work in pursuit of peace ', 'to teach english and sharpen his arabic. A budding scholar on the middle east . Andrew pochter was 21, he would have been a junior this fall in ohio. He left home in maryland to work in ', 'Now we head overseas to egypt for so long a critical american ally in the  middle east  and with the iconic pyramids, a t destination for millions of us. Tonight a cal dron of unrest and for the next 24 hours the ', 'overseas to egypt for so long a critical american ally in the middle east and with the iconic pyramids, a t destination for millions of us. Tonight a cal dron of unrest and for the next ', "Stanley said he was in Egypt this summer to learn Arabic and teach English to children. And eventually wanted to move to the  Middle East . President Barack Obama says the US isn't taking sides and has called for calm today putting signs of the violence they ", "and teach English to children. And eventually wanted to move to the Middle East . President Barack Obama says the US isn't taking sides and has called for calm today putting signs of the violence they could ", 'pochter. On friday, the 21-year-old was a bystander at a protest when he was stabbed. His family said he loved the  middle east  and wanted to move here in pursuit of peace. Tonight, that peace is illusive and egypt is more divided than ever. Alex ', 'a protest when he was stabbed. His family said he loved the middle east and wanted to move here in pursuit of peace. Tonight, that peace is illusive and egypt is more divided than ever. Alex ', "control of the country. We're joined now on the phone from inside tahrir square the scene that you looking at there ABC news  Middle East  correspondent. mark part thank you for being with us it is a complicated. Political calculus and Egypt what is though ", 'tahrir square the scene that you -- looking at there ABC news Middle East correspondent. -- mark part -- thank you for being with us it is a complicated. Political calculus and Egypt what is though. ', "anti-aircraft support. But not direct military involvement. Syria is one thing to worry about. We have a much bigger issue in fact  middle east , iran. Plus, all sorts of issues in asia with china, and the domestic challenges at home. We don't want american foreign ", "thing to worry about. We have a much bigger issue in fact middle east , iran. Plus, all sorts of issues in asia with china, and the domestic challenges at home. We don't want american foreign policy ", 'Four. You to understand the complexities situation but and and Howell. We have to not rush in to. One more war in the  Middle East . Yesterday President Obama and Russian leader Vladimir Putin agreed that the bloodshed must stop and called for renewed negotiations ', "We have to not rush in to. One more war in the Middle East . Yesterday President Obama and Russian leader Vladimir Putin agreed that the bloodshed must stop and called for renewed negotiations. But that's where ", 'of hard for you to understand that the complexities of the situation and how we have to not rush into one more war in the  middle east . Reporter: The president also weighed in on iran and their recent election of a relatively moderate president. I think ', 'how we have to not rush into one more war in the middle east . Reporter: The president also weighed in on iran and their recent election of a relatively moderate president. I think it says that ', 'nation crucial to america in the  middle east  is seething again, demonstrations growing large. We have more from cairo. Reporter: Moments after the umt may tum was given ', 'nation crucial to america in the middle east is seething again, demonstrations growing large. We have more from cairo. Reporter: Moments after the umt may tum was given, helicopters swooped ']