['no-fly zone would neutralize  Syria \'s air defenses. It would near total elimination" of  Syria \'s ability to bomb opposition the border with Turkey or  Jordan , would give opposition forces even stationed outside  Syria , to back up those defending ', "A  Jordanian  prosecutor says the country's military Israelis, Americans and other Westerners in  Jordan  in two alleged foiled plots in 1999 and trial. He was deported from Britain to  Jordan  three weeks ago. Abu Qatada's lawyer ", "A  Jordanian  prosecutor says the country's military Israelis, Americans and other Westerners in  Jordan  in two alleged foiled plots in 1999 and trial. He was deported from Britain to  Jordan  three weeks ago. Abu Qatada's lawyer ", "A  Jordanian  prosecutor says the country's military Israelis, Americans and other Westerners in  Jordan  in two alleged foiled plots in 1999 and trial. He was deported from Britain to  Jordan  three weeks ago. Abu Qatada's lawyer ", "threatens the entire  Middle East . The ouster of Mohammed States should arm  Syria 's rebels but expressed The conflict in  Syria  has killed an estimated resources of neighboring  Jordan  and Turkey and prompting group Hezbollah.  Syria 's fighting has ", "their lives shattered by  Syria 's war. Last week, the on children, warning that  Syria 's violence is producing camp in the world and is  Jordan 's fifth largest populated Cambodia, Congo, Iraq and  Syria  to work on art projects before ", "A spokesman for the  Jordanian  body that handles firefighting says or injuries were reported, and that  Jordanian  firefighters and the crew were close were immediately available. Aqaba is  Jordan 's sole sea outlet and one of the main ", "inability to fully control  Syria 's storage and delivery security assistance to  Syria 's neighbors, and deployed to Turkey and  Jordan  for their defense positioned to defend  Jordan . We are also prepared safe areas outside  Syria  as well as support ", "government could decide to take over more private companies and leave investors with nothing. The war in  Syria  could spill into Lebanon and  Jordan , upending their thriving markets. Cote d'Ivoire, Pakistan and many of the 37 frontier countries have ", 'army crackdowns on their hometowns and communicate with each other. Landlines and cell phones are believed to be tapped in  Syria . State TV says the social networking site Tango was hacked on Sunday by the Syrian Electronic Army. The Syrian Electronic Army ', "A  Jordanian  prosecutor says the country's military Israelis, Americans and other Westerners in  Jordan  in two alleged foiled plots in 1999 and trial. He was deported from Britain to  Jordan  three weeks ago. Abu Qatada's lawyer ", "move on with the transition,  Jordan 's King Abdullah met with by the Egyptian presidency.  Jordan 's government had been concerned in the northern Sinai. The  Jordanian  offshoot of Egypt's Brotherhood protests against the government in  Amman . Additionally, Egypt's new the country's stance toward  Syria . Morsi had severed diplomatic ", 'Air Force 757 in  Amman ,  Jordan , on Friday night frenetic trips to the  Middle East  in as many months shuttling from  Jordan  to Israel and the VIP lounge at the  Amman  airport, Kerry has reported on  Middle East  peace efforts since ', "you to the  middle east  where you go inside fleeing the war in  syria . Martha raddatz was that more than half of  syria 's 10 million people she would return to  syria  and fight with knives raddatz, abc news,  jordan .", 'you to the middle east where you go inside a growing crises, the u.S. Secretary of state already there on the scene and take a look at it now. We are talking about the sheer reach of the humanity, an endless stretch of people in a refugee cam in syria . It has become the second largest refugee camp in the world, three square miles, half of them children, all of them fleeing the war in syria . Martha raddatz was there spending the day with secretary kerry. Reporter: The refugee camp is bigger than kansas city, 140,000 people on ', 'Obama, King Abdullah Press Conference 2013: Leaders Discuss Mideast Peace in Jordan ', "Aviv and salute to  Jordan  where now we expecting they go east into  Jordan  without going through president is in  Amman  and he is meeting juncture in the  Middle East . But we expect territories. Namely  Syria . And it's the domestic reforms in  Jordan  to the last two the city's. In  Jordan  and so that's its hole on the  Jordanian  economy. On the ", "Palestinians can't come into Israel and nor can they go east into Jordan without going through Israeli security. So many Palestinians feel like -- trapped net and so even though. -- a President Obama barely scratched the surface of this very complex system by just going through one checkpoint. Palestinians were in fact quite happy that he at least got to see some of it. Now what we mentioned earlier and that the president is in Amman and he is meeting with King Abdullah. The second what do we expect they will be discussing today. -- King Abdullah and his father before him king Hussein -- some of the closest allies Arab allies. That the US has had so it's very important for President Obama to sit down with King Abdullah it is very important juncture in the Middle East . But we expect them to not just talk about now in this press conference but in the meetings that will follow tonight. There's some of the same issues that were discussed here in Israel the Palestinian territories. Namely Syria . And it's the the Palestinian Israeli peace process -- were also expecting him to touch on domestic reforms in Jordan to the last two years of the Arab Spring there has been unrest in Jordan not nearly on the same level as we've seen in places like. Yemen Tunisia. Libya Egypt Syria but there has been unrest which was unprecedented we have heard calls. For the -- to step down since he has undertaken some reforms we expect the President Obama. Will speak with him about that as the US has been urging him to undertake these reforms loosen up. His grip on power and and make it more of a constitutional monarchy. More. Alex yesterday the president gave his statements on how the ongoing conflict in Syria and Bashar Al Asad regime is hurting Israel. Cool in Jordan is supporting who is Jordan supporting in Syria . Jordan and King Abdullah are firmly on the side of the United States Europe Turkey. Allied with the opposition against a president Bashar Al Assad of Syria -- King Abdullah said this week that he believes president decides. Days are numbered he has said that if he were -- side that she would step down. Jordan's intelligence service has been one of the most valuable assets the United States. Jordan borders Syria so that they've got great visibility. Into Syria monitoring Syria there are also American forces military forces. Court training Syrian rebels -- recently there was a small group of several hundred rebels who receive training. From American forces they most recently went back into Syria -- ago -- It's in Jordan is really best interest to make sure that this conflict comes to an end soon there's a lot of trade that goes on. Between Syria and Jordan but perhaps more urgently -- somewhere between 500000. And a million Syrian refugees. We're living in refugee camps and in the city's. In Jordan and so that's really taking its hole on the Jordanian economy. On the Jordanian infrastructure. And remember Jordan Jordan's population is only six million people so when you've got somewhere -- half million a million refugees that's that's a significant portion ", "state solution for an independent Palestine in Gaza and the West Bank. Jordan's king in recent days specifically in an interview a recently with the Atlantic magazine has expressed skepticism. That's -- that a two state solution can even come about but they will keep working towards it. Now when the president goes back to Washington tomorrow secretary of state John Kerry is actually gonna stay in the region. Continue talks in Jordan in Israel. In the Palestinian territories one of the first things that he's doing since taking over from Secretary Clinton is to ", "it is stripped with the Israelis and Palestinians. The -- -- reiterated Jordan's commitment to the peace process and the crucial importance. -- the US leadership in resuming the Palestinian Israeli negotiations. Based on the two state solution. There is simply. No other -- no other alternative. Two state solution is the only way to go. And if you compare that also with the -- -- radicalization. Of Syria together with the impasse in the peace process. This is going to be a serious threat. Two enormity what. Each. I believe ", "over the crisis in  Syria . ABC's Mary Burris The several more in  Syria  is front and center Ireland the focus is  Syria . In a new interview One more war in the  Middle East . Yesterday President A country like  Jordan  which in turn borders ", "We have to not rush in to. One more war in the Middle East . Yesterday President Obama and Russian leader Vladimir Putin agreed that the bloodshed must stop and called for renewed negotiations. But that's where ", 'missiles going to  syria , to assad regime by the events in  syria . And by russian Turkey, saudi,  jordan , qatar. And beginning flown flights into  syria  to take out systems message sent to the  middle east  and to the wider ', "go up, israel will have a say. Israel has flown flights into syria to take out systems. Let's not imagine that this doesn't have ramifications for us. Even if israel acts alone, the message sent to the middle east and to the wider world, that the united states has already has involvement through israel in syria . Let me ask you this. If the russians are so determined to stick by assad, is there any way that the comprehensive strategy you laid out earlier can work? The president of the united states declared it was the interest of this country, to assume responsibility for the quote/unquote new syria . Stabilization that the billions of dollars to put humpty dumpty back together again. The united states could do that. But governing, george, as you know is about choosing. It's not about the middle east . It's about the middle class. This president, second term, out of 17 in american history, believes his legacy is transformational at home. ", "Israel and  Jordan  enthusiastically grandfather was a  Jordanian  officer who died in  Jordan 's civil war Israel and  Jordan  and President thinking in the  Middle East  perhaps but visited the  Jordanian  capital of  Amman . He was there ", "pointed message from the king. This young flower girl's grandfather was a Jordanian officer who died in Jordan's civil war with the Palestinians in 1970. There were important documents to sign full diplomatic relations Jordan will get more water. And the Israelis have not been generous in recent years. Jordan office out of the Arab economic boycott against Israel. The two peoples will be free to come and go. There were enormous maps to initial. In the middle of the signing ceremony President Clinton got something nasty in his the -- was stiff today and sandstorms here are common. The United States has been -- friend to both Israel and Jordan and President Clinton has been very warmly received in the area. Listen to the -- Normally have a little bit this day. ", "You're just back from  jordan . We're learning military operations in  syria , some kind of military refugees, 500,000 in  jordan . That is unstainable military involvement.  Syria  is one thing to worry bigger issue in fact  middle east , iran. Plus, all grabbed by events in  syria . I agree with that ", "help. Provide serious anti-armor, serious anti-aircraft support. But not direct military involvement. Syria is one thing to worry about. We have a much bigger issue in fact middle east , iran. Plus, all sorts of issues in asia with china, and the domestic challenges at home. We don't want american foreign policy to be grabbed by events in syria . I agree with that. The risk, however, is the iran-hezbollah-assad proxy prevails, to tehran, it could give the iranians the upper hand. That's why we should arm them more heavily -- I still don't know what comes next. I want that question answered. What comes next? What's the strategy in syria . If they take out airfields and that doesn't work, and arm the rebels and train and assist and that doesn't work, then what happens? What we have to be prepared for no matter what, be honest and bleak. Looking at years and years of prolonged fighting in syria . There's not going to be a quick ending. There's no going to be a happy ending. Even after assad is ousted. None of that is going to happen. We saw the president with president putin this week. None of that is going to happen unless the russians change their attitude. I agree. Which is why we have to move past the russians. There's not going to be a peaceful transition of power because it seems putin has vetoed three u.N. Security council resolutions on syria . He's watered down many more. We're not going to get cooperation, it's unrealistic. I think richard is right we haven't had a real discussion about the stakes in syria . And the president has to address this issue. Because for all the things she saon the front lines, this is a regional mess. Someone needs to talk through -- we only have 30 seconds left. I have not seen any indication from the president that he is willing to go out there and make a case for intervention in syria . He doesn't want to. With that toe in the water, he's in. ", 'another war in the  middle east ? After determining clear and concise pon  syria  left us with the worst democratic and peaceful  syria . Before we leave the  middle east , we had a big election same league at michael  jordan . Is that game on abc ', "the u.S. About to get lved in yet another war in the middle east ? After determining that syria's government crossed the president's red line, the u.S. Has made a decision to send arms to the rebels. Many in congress have ", 'with the best ability to manage a future, hopefully democratic and peaceful syria . Before we leave the middle east , we had a big election in iran, the most moderate candidate won. Is president u this president going to be potentially easier ']