["Some auto racing heavyweights gathered at Target Chip Ganassi Racing's headquarters Wednesday night to raise money for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.The inaugural St. Jude Culinary 500 was hosted by actress Ashley Judd and raised more than $200,000.Indianapolis 500 winner Tony Kanaan, Juan Pablo Montoya, Scott Dixon, Jamie McMurray, Scott Pruett, Memo Rojas and Joey Hand were in attendance.The evening centered on Target Chip Ganassi team manager Barry Wanser, whose son died in 2011 after battling acute myeloid leukemia. Michael Wanser was 6.Wanser wiped his eyes as he and wife Laurie told Michael's story that took the family from the Peyton Manning Children's hospital, to the Riley Hospital for Children then to St. Jude in Memphis. A bone marrow transplant failed to save Michael's life....", 'University of Minnesota physicians are set to perform Tuesday a groundbreaking transplant to cure a patient of HIV/AIDS and acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).The cl...', 'Varney gives his take on President George H.W. Bush shaving his head in solidarity with a 2-year-old  leukemia  patient.', 'E. Donnall Thomas, a physician who pioneered the use of bone marrow transplants in leukemia patients and later won the 1990 Nobel Prize in medicine, has died in Seat...', '"Good Morning America " co-host Robin Roberts underwent a bone marrow transplant Thursday as part of her treatment for MDS, a rare blood disorder.Before the transpla...', "'Good Morning America's' Robin Roberts to take medical leave for bone marrow transplant ", 'Good Morning America" anchor Robin Roberts says she plans to take medical leave around the end of August for her bone marrow transplant.But she says she\'ll be gettin...', "The Food and Drug Administration said it has approved Talon Therapeutics Inc's Marqibo treatment for adults with a rare form of leukemia known as Philadelphia chromo...", 'A new regulatory pathway could shave years off the traditional drug approval process in the United States, according to some companies whose drugs have been given "b...', 'Former President George H.W. Bush has shaved his head to show support for the two-year-old son of a member of his Secret Service detail who is battling leukemia.A st...', 'A patient enrolled in a phase one trial testing an experimental treatment for leukemia has been declared cancer-free, Medical Daily reported.Lynsie Conradi, 23, had ...', 'Hundreds came together in St. Louis to perform in a flash mob for a teenager with leukemia the night before he underwent a bone marrow transplant, Fox2Now.com report...', 'When George Goldner went to feed his six pet pigs earlier this year, his 730-pound (331-kg) companion Nemo was acting strangely. Nemo had suddenly stopped eating and...']