['President Obama categorically ruled out on Wednesday a land invasion to oust Libyan leader Muammar al-Qaddafi, as a U.S. military commander told Fox News that one of the strongman\'s compound had been hit again by coalition airstrikes.The strikes were the second to target a Qaddafi compound, though the specific location wasn\'t immediately clear. The military source told Fox News that air defense sites were the intended target, and U.S. commanders "don\'t track where the regime leader is and very specifically do not target him."Obama said Wednesday that the United States will be pulling back this week from its dominant role in the international campaign aimed at preventing Qaddafi from attacking civilians. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said the U.S. could turn over control of the operation as soon as Saturday.Obama was asked in an interview with the Spanish-language network Univision if a land invasion would be out of the question in the event air strikes were to fail to dislodge Qaddafi...', "Obama said Saturday in his weekly radio and Internet address that international forces are succeeding in their mission in Libya. He also said Libya's air defenses ha...", 'Up to eight British soldiers are being held by rebel forces in Libya after a secret mission to put British diplomats in touch with opponents of Libyan leader Muammar...', "As America's NATO allies shoulder a greater share of the air war in Libya, the Arab countries that urged the U.N. Security Council to impose a no-fly zone are missin...", 'With residents shouting "Free, free Libya," anti-government rebels who control this battle-scarred city nearest to the capital deployed tanks and anti-aircraft weapo...', "The United States, France and Britain were making plans Friday to prevent Muammar Qaddafi's forces from attacking Libyans after the U.N. Security Council authorized ...", "Obama's  Pledge to Scale Back U.S. Military  Role in Libya  Opens Leadership 'Vacuum'", "President Obama's pledge to scale back the U.S. military's role in Libya has opened up a leadership vacuum on the world stage, as international partners squabble ove...", 'Lt. Col. Robert Maginnis, U.S. Army (Ret.), on the state of the  military  intervention in  Libya  and the op-ed by  Obama , British PM Cameron and French President Sarkozy saying  Qaddafi  must leave before they abandon  military  operations.', "FBN's Neil Cavuto on the U.N. vote on a Libyan  no - fly zone  and  airstrikes  while  Qaddafi  remains defiant.", 'UN Security Council  approves no -fly zone  over Libya  and extra measures to protect civilians', 'U.N. Security Council approves no-fly zone over Libya and extra measures to protect civilians.', 'U.S. Military  Reportedly Positioning Forces Around Libya , While U.K. Working on Plans for No -Fly Zone ', 'U.S. Steps Up Assault on Libya , Firing Four More Tomahawk Missiles at Air Defense Systems', 'The U.S. fired four additional Tomahawk missiles at Libya air defense systems Sunday, bringing the grand total to 124, a senior U.S. Defense official tells Fox News....', "Rebels  Stand Ground in Benghazi in Face of Qaddafi's  Threats as U.N. Backs No -Fly Zone ", 'Libyan rebels in their remaining stronghold of Benghazi dug in Thursday night for what expected to be an intense battle with Qaddafi forces, amid reports of explosio...', 'The Pentagon presents Congress with a menu for Syria, Senate races 2014 and big brother at HUD. Chris and guests discuss', 'The U.N-approved no-fly zone over Libya is working and will soon be expanded to Tripoli as aircraft from additional coalition countries arrive in the region, the hea...', 'President Obama will make his first comments Friday afternoon about the crisis in Libya since the United Nations Security Council voted to authorize a no-fly zone an...', "The Obama administration challenged five key military allies Wednesday to take on a greater share of the NATO-led air campaign against Muammar al-Qaddafi's forces, i..."]