['Glowing with pride, Will and Kate introduce their baby boy - Video on NBCNews.com', 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', 'good evening, and this has been a rare opportunity for millions of us around the world to follow some good news. the birth of a baby in london who will continue the ', '. a son born to a thoroughly modern couple, now a family of three. today when they exited the hospital in london, the world got its first look. the young prince just over ', ' old took no questions. luckily, while the still photographer snapped away, his parents came forward to talk with reporters.', ", quite heavy. we're still working on a name. we'll have it out as soon as we can. first time we've seen him. we need a proper chance to catch up.", "i'll remind him of his tarrediness when he's older. hopefully you guys can go back to normal now and we can look after him. he has her lips, thankfully.", 'with that, the family prepared to leave for their first night at home which happens to be at ', "good evening, brian, they say there's no place like home for a reason. this is where william largely grew up, there must be a comfort level for them to spend their first night as a family here together. in spite of it all being so familiar, you couldn't be at the hospital today and also sense that change is in the air. this is the iconic moment, these are the most telling. a new mom growing and showing her post baby bump in a simple ", 'and a first time dad, toting his baby in a car seat, strapping him in and sliding behind the wheel headed for home. the continuity of two ', ', take out us. this is just two parents clearly, absolutely in love with their new baby.', "and thoroughly at ease in front of the clicking cameras, joking about the heir's hair.", "will's shirt sleeves rolled up. so different from charles when he and diana introduced him to the same spot 31 years ago. the new grandfather was very much in the spirit of things, joking with the waiting press. and knowingly hinting at the answer to the pressing questions, when will we see the royal debut.", ', not the royals, who visited first. more elegantly turned out than most grandparents but predictably proud.', "the queen a great grandmother for the third time was all smiles today. as britain heralded yesterday's arrival of the ", ". to a different tune today. the british pop classic, congratulations. and although his royal heiness doesn't yet have a name, was that a wave to the adoring crowd we saw? maybe there's something to this hereditary thing. the most famous family in the world, and yet in so many ways very much like us. well, we're going to have to wait and see when the name comes. it took about a week for william to be named, about a month for charles. all the names that people are betting on are the most familiar names, like george and elbert. we'll see if this thoroughly modern couple extends tradition to"]