['infamous for his anti-American behavior. Suzanne Pleshette , 70 -- Actress, best known as Newhart\'s wife on " The Bob Newhart Show ," her career spanned over five decades. Rich Knerr , 82 -- Co-Founder, Wham-O toy company; helped create ', 'downloads. The stew is a bit confusing, but how can I complain about a site that streams Arrested Development and  The Bob Newhart Show  ? "I ain\'t sayin\' she a gold farmer, but she ain\'t passin\' on no blue armor," raps someone who\'s clearly ', 'from other famous fans and friends: Clint Eastwood, Sidney Poitier, James Caan, Debbie Reynolds and more. Best friend  Bob Newhart  weighs in with vacation and Vegas tales, and Martin Scorsese, who directed Rickles in the 1995 Mob drama Casino, cracks ', 'Mary Tyler Moore, plus quotes from one celebrity on another -- including David Letterman on Johnny Carson, Jon Stewart on  Bob Newhart , and Megan Mullally on Carol Burnett. "Bird Songs" -- $45 "Bird Songs" includes 250 illustrations of the most notable ', 'Before  Bob Newhart  became a TV legend, he was the first gig and the joke that made his name.  Bob Newhart : I did the "Abe Lincoln" routine Newhart, from "Button-Down Mind of  Bob Newhart ": Abe, why do you change the speeches ', 'In one of the most surreal moments in TV history,  Bob Newhart  ends his show by waking up in bed with Suzanne Pleshette -- his TV wife on his previous sitcom, " The Bob Newhart Show ." "Honey," Newhart says, "you won\'t believe ', "Bonerz. Mr. Bonerz has a distinguished career in both acting and directing. He played Dr. Jerry Robinson on ' The Bob Newhart Show ' and directed such television shows as 'Murphy Brown' and 'Friends.' New Hampshire: Does this help Mitt ", 'to Heeere\'s Johnny While Carson was launching the careers of comedians -- Don Rickles, Robin Williams, Joan Rivers,  Bob Newhart  and more -- he may have been ruining the sex lives of Americans. Dr. Ruth Westheimer once told "Entertainment Weekly ', 'Newhart (1990): In one of the most surreal moments in TV history,  Bob Newhart  ends his show by waking up in bed with Suzanne Pleshette who played his wife on the old  Bob Newhart  Show. "Honey," Newhart says, "you won\'t believe the dream ', "American Heart Association. Moran's friend, Mary Frann, a television and movie actress most recognized for her role as  Bob Newhart 's wife on the series Newhart, died of heart disease in her early 50s. Frann had a heart murmur, but never ever thought ", "the end of June And Sisqo has dropped his plans to appear on TV. The rapper had been set to join the cast of an upcoming  Bob Newhart  sitcom. ABCNEWS Radio's Andrea Dresdale and ABCNEWS.com's Buck Wolf and Nancy Chandross contributed to this report ", 'Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for his work in Goodfellas, is in talks to once again sink into the dark world of gangland. Pesci is in talks to star in a film about Mafia turncoat Sammy "The Bull" Gravano, who helped land mob boss John Gotti in jail, Variety reports. Gravano, one of Gotti\'s most', "roll and rough voiced wife on  the Bob Newhart Show . I'm not man. Really I'm don't think After the show  Bob Newhart  came recurring roles and eight Japanese food before you go to And  Bob Newhart  released a statement about her ", "Failure -- it got started don't think -- After the show -- Bob Newhart came recurring roles and eight simple rules and will and grace -- new generation of viewers the same growth -- -- -- ", '-- No more Japanese food before you go to -- -- And Bob Newhart released a statement about her death saying. Although we knew she was quite sick she was one of those people who thought ', 'Our this week  Bob Newhart . Before he became a TV legend new heart was the first comedian to hit number one on the charts topping Frank Sinatra and Elvis ', 'Our -- this week Bob Newhart . Before he became a TV legend new heart was the first comedian to hit number one on the charts topping Frank Sinatra ', "minute breath holding stunt last spring was in skit that. Introduce the writers of The Daily Show and it bit featuring actor  Bob Newhart  in a box on stage. This next item well it did not win any awards last night but it certainly is among the cooler things we've ", 'Introduce the writers of The Daily Show and it bit featuring actor Bob Newhart in a box on stage. This next item well it did not win any awards last night but it certainly is among ', "holding stunt last spring was parodied in a skit that. Introduce the writers of The Daily Show and a bit featuring actor  Bob Newhart  in a box on stage. This next item well it did not win any awards last night but it certainly is among the cooler things we've ", 'Introduce the writers of The Daily Show and a bit featuring actor Bob Newhart in a box on stage. This next item well it did not win any awards last night but it certainly is among ', "the subject of a running joke during last night's Emmy Awards death defying eight minute breath holding stunt last spring was in skit that. Introduce the writers of The Daily Show and it bit featuring actor  Bob Newhart  in a box on stage.", 'Introduce the writers of The Daily Show and it bit featuring actor Bob Newhart in a box on stage. ']