['(Photo Credit: WireImage) While he may be known for leaping out of a trunk onto  Bradley Cooper  wearing nothing but a pair of socks in "The Hangover," Ken Jeong said his breakthrough role as Mr. Chow is one his twin daughters ', "Getty Images) These two could be dangerous together.  Bradley Cooper  and Gerard Butler, a couple of Hollywood's most take the Wimbledon crown in 77 years. Read About  Bradley Cooper 's Close Relationship With His Mother Cooper even ", 'of BU\'s all-time greats." Gerard Butler and  Bradley Cooper  Snap a Selfie Even Hollywood A-listers aren\'t above taking selfies.  Bradley Cooper  and Gerard Butler sat side-by-side at Sunday\'s ', 'was doing "God\'s work." Actors Glenn Close and  Bradley Cooper  were also on hand for the day\'s activities. Biden youngest granddaughter says, \'Pop,\' she said, \' Bradley Cooper \'s in this hotel,\'" he recounted. "And I said ', 'veterans kill themselves each day, according to Pentagon records. The president is being joined at the conference today by lawmakers, educators, health care providers and advocates, including celebrities Glenn Close and  Bradley Cooper .', "hilarious intervention that probably would've been even funnier had parts of it not been included in the trailer,  Bradley Cooper 's Phil, Ed Helms's Stu and Justin Bartha's Doug have decided to drive Alan, again played by Zach Galifianakis ", 'The movie, which is currently in production, has gotten off to a rocky start: McGregor is assuming the part after  Bradley Cooper  dropped out of the project. "That was simply a scheduling thing," Cooper explained to the Huffington Post ', 'Our families have been in-laws for years...they were just waiting for us to catch up!" "Hangover III" star  Bradley Cooper  joined in the celebration, bringing Guthrie roses before asking her, tongue-in-cheek, for her phone number ', 'InStyle Following her breakup with  Bradley Cooper  , actress Zoe Saldana hasn\'t given up on love. "I worship men. Men are Adonises," the 34-year-old beauty told InStyle\'s ', "(Photo credit: Twitter)  Bradley Cooper  is in Boston filming a new movie, but it's clear he has a connection to the city too, especially in light of this week's ", "president's speech. Those in attendance included Mitt Romney and eldest son Tagg, Rep. Joe Kennedy and his wife, actor  Bradley Cooper , Theresa Heinz Kerry, Rep. Niki Tsongas, Rep. James McGovern, Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley ", "(Photo credit: Steve Granitz/Getty Images)  Bradley Cooper  recently stepped out with model Suki Waterhouse , but the actor says that he's actually already living with a woman: his mother ", "years after the last british male victor, the last brit, women won in 1977. Coincidence? Yeah, probably. San  bradley cooper  went nuts and the glitz rat si gloated, ricky george have a and simon cowell claims he's even richer tweeting murray ", "victor, the last brit, women won in 1977. Coincidence? Yeah, probably. San bradley cooper went nuts and the glitz rat si gloated, ricky george have a and simon cowell claims he's even richer tweeting murray had ", "that if you. Yeah not a good idea right. Fun little life as getting out couple reported. It Wednesday as well and  Bradley Cooper  we're merely reported. Spotted having eight cozy little dinner at Christmas Day here in New York palace in New ", "as getting out -- -- couple reported. It Wednesday as well and Bradley Cooper we're merely reported. Spotted having eight cozy little dinner at Christmas Day here in New York palace in New York that is ", 'It would be my pleasure, miss robin. Good morning, everybody. We begin with some oscar news. Not long ago,  bradley cooper  was just an unknown actor, trying to learn everything he could about his craft. Take a look at this video. Trending ', 'Good morning, everybody. We begin with some oscar news. Not long ago, bradley cooper was just an unknown actor, trying to learn everything he could about his craft. Take a look at this video. Trending big-time ', "an epic hangover in between to  Bradley Cooper . Into the list and that he's interview. Odds are you know  Bradley Cooper  from his work in such. And the bummed out by that. In at the  Bradley Cooper  way back machine to 2002. Did ", "sexiest man alive. It took an epic hangover in between to -- Bradley Cooper . Into the -- list and that he's there he's anxious to bust the typecasting mold prove his chops and here's ABC's Chris Connelly. But the Nightline interview. Odds are you know Bradley Cooper from his work in such. And the hangover one in two. Old age. They he's got to control for me hang over ", "and that was really bummed out by that. In -- at the Bradley Cooper way back machine to 2002. Did he'll find his first Hollywood roles alongside Jennifer Garner as Sydney in -- classes -- an ", "controversy. The magazine named the hangover star  Bradley Cooper  as this year's hottest do let. Ryan Gosling fans what's your take on this. I'm happy with the  Bradley Cooper  pick Brian would have been OK I think it's split ", "sparked a little bit of controversy. The magazine named the hangover star Bradley Cooper as this year's hottest do let. Ryan Gosling fans while they beg -- -- -- stranded they feel -- -- the -- ", "judge -- -- what's your take on this. I'm happy with the Bradley Cooper pick Brian -- -- would have been OK I think it's split. I'll split the only one no one -- do you ", 'commit suicide. Record the president called unacceptable. There were some big names in the audience today including  Bradley Cooper  Oakland and what Glenn Close and Patrick Kennedy the president addressed directly during his address. For more on ', 'called unacceptable. There were some big names in the audience today including Bradley Cooper Oakland -- and -- what Glenn Close -- and Patrick Kennedy the president addressed directly during his address. For more on this ', 'take some solace in knowing that one of the most talented and handsome actors around could be playing Oscar nominee  Bradley Cooper  is telling the BBC. That Armstrong is a fascinating character and that he is definitely interested in the role unlike ', 'most talented and handsome actors around could be playing -- Oscar nominee Bradley Cooper is telling the BBC. That Armstrong is a fascinating character and that he is definitely interested in the role unlike silver linings ']