["The tennis pro's entire country was cheering him on as he made history in the men's championship.", "that if you. Yeah not a good idea right. Fun little life as getting out couple reported. It Wednesday as well and  Bradley Cooper  we're merely reported. Spotted having eight cozy little dinner at Christmas Day here in New York palace in New ", "as getting out -- -- couple reported. It Wednesday as well and Bradley Cooper we're merely reported. Spotted having eight cozy little dinner at Christmas Day here in New York palace in New York that is ", 'It would be my pleasure, miss robin. Good morning, everybody. We begin with some oscar news. Not long ago,  bradley cooper  was just an unknown actor, trying to learn everything he could about his craft. Take a look at this video. Trending ', 'Good morning, everybody. We begin with some oscar news. Not long ago, bradley cooper was just an unknown actor, trying to learn everything he could about his craft. Take a look at this video. Trending big-time ', "an epic hangover in between to  Bradley Cooper . Into the list and that he's interview. Odds are you know  Bradley Cooper  from his work in such. And the bummed out by that. In at the  Bradley Cooper  way back machine to 2002. Did ", "sexiest man alive. It took an epic hangover in between to -- Bradley Cooper . Into the -- list and that he's there he's anxious to bust the typecasting mold prove his chops and here's ABC's Chris Connelly. But the Nightline interview. Odds are you know Bradley Cooper from his work in such. And the hangover one in two. Old age. They he's got to control for me hang over ", "and that was really bummed out by that. In -- at the Bradley Cooper way back machine to 2002. Did he'll find his first Hollywood roles alongside Jennifer Garner as Sydney in -- classes -- an ", "controversy. The magazine named the hangover star  Bradley Cooper  as this year's hottest do let. Ryan Gosling fans what's your take on this. I'm happy with the  Bradley Cooper  pick Brian would have been OK I think it's split ", "sparked a little bit of controversy. The magazine named the hangover star Bradley Cooper as this year's hottest do let. Ryan Gosling fans while they beg -- -- -- stranded they feel -- -- the -- ", "judge -- -- what's your take on this. I'm happy with the Bradley Cooper pick Brian -- -- would have been OK I think it's split. I'll split the only one no one -- do you ", 'commit suicide. Record the president called unacceptable. There were some big names in the audience today including  Bradley Cooper  Oakland and what Glenn Close and Patrick Kennedy the president addressed directly during his address. For more on ', 'called unacceptable. There were some big names in the audience today including Bradley Cooper Oakland -- and -- what Glenn Close -- and Patrick Kennedy the president addressed directly during his address. For more on this ', 'take some solace in knowing that one of the most talented and handsome actors around could be playing Oscar nominee  Bradley Cooper  is telling the BBC. That Armstrong is a fascinating character and that he is definitely interested in the role unlike ', 'most talented and handsome actors around could be playing -- Oscar nominee Bradley Cooper is telling the BBC. That Armstrong is a fascinating character and that he is definitely interested in the role unlike silver linings ', 'Actor on losing prized title & his plans to match George Clooney as two-time winner.', 'Actors examines past successes and failures and how he stays grounded amidst the hype.', "what's happening at the movies and it and and objective now you can yet. The movie will make you feel. And it stars  Bradley Cooper  the jets team that clip and we very cleverly had me Bradley But the real popcorn and wait no. Don't be room to ", "you can yet. The movie will make you feel. And it stars Bradley Cooper the jets team that clip and we very cleverly had me Bradley -- But the real popcorn and -- wait no. Don't ", "Actor on how he felt being given People magazine's honor last year and facing Ryan Gosling fans.", "is in the world of Hollywood couples. We have another Brad and on our perhaps this time it's Jennifer Lopez and  Bradley Cooper  Clough has not known for being shot but she covered her face and Taylor. Reportedly spotted together a car in LA ", "-- on our -- perhaps this time -- it's Jennifer Lopez and Bradley Cooper Clough has not known for being shot but she covered her face and Taylor. Reportedly spotted together -- a car in LA. ", "years and a decent amount of time she was spotted though I didn't and it having dinner at New York restaurant when  Bradley Cooper . I mean I gas and let me if I mean if I'm going to rebound I'm going down that Bradley that's right guys gonna ", "I didn't and it having dinner at -- New York restaurant when Bradley Cooper . I mean I -- gas and let me -- if I mean if I'm going to rebound I'm going down that Bradley ", "things happen and who plays this  Bradley Cooper  you remembered from the hangover But first let's take a look at  Bradley Cooper  in action in limitless. In the chance went what your suggestion.  Bradley Cooper  welcome to show. Good to see ", "-- a 100%. And strange things happen and who plays this -- Bradley Cooper you remembered from the hangover in the -- this is -- very different. Apart for him in his first I carried the picture star performance which He -- off amazing. Bradley will be with us in just a minute to tell us about what He did to get in shape for this role. But first let's take a look at Bradley Cooper in action in limitless. In the end. How much worse -- -- gentle. Something wrong law school. I -- common law school ", "information. -- She didn't have a chance went what -- your suggestion. Bradley Cooper welcome to show. Good to see you. So you have -- moving limitless we just watched the -- from it but I ", 'weekend and this makes two and a half cent. People might say. Bradley Cooper did we really want him for Tom Buchanan threat yet to be -- they never did I -- I -- they did ', "You say that it was working with the Euro with fine because of what it is but did you have a sense before you. Dealt with him and acted with him a little sense of intimidation. You know what my history with him goes back. Way before he's ever who Green Chrysler doesn't realize that into the attic", "For more celebrity headlines are happy Amy Palmer senior editor in touch weekly here with us today hi it's the they have to dive right into the big gossip of the day that every went to secure about Jennifer Aniston about differences I mean I love this couple and sources are telling us that this is", "ensemble right. But York Right so if this opens on the week and this makes two and a half cents. People might say.  Bradley Cooper  did we really want him for Tom Buchanan as Rick yet you didn't they ever did but now I they did it but obviously ", "week and this makes two and a half cents. People might say. Bradley Cooper did we really want him for Tom Buchanan as Rick yet you didn't they ever did but now I -- they did ", 'scheduled this time to return to treatment because she\'s between projects and it\'s convenient. Reporter: Actor  bradley cooper  brought attention to the disorder in last year\'s oscar winning film, "silver linings playbook" by playing a bipolar ', 'return to treatment because she\'s between projects and it\'s convenient. Reporter: Actor bradley cooper brought attention to the disorder in last year\'s oscar winning film, "silver linings playbook" by playing a bipolar character. Approximately 6 million ', 'In movies jennifer lawrence is used to fending off attacks in hunger games and occasionally getting shot down by  bradley cooper  in "silver linings playbook." Now she\'s facing a real-life foe that police say is much more dangerous. A sh ', 'fending off attacks in hunger games and occasionally getting shot down by bradley cooper in "silver linings playbook." Now she\'s facing a real-life foe that police say is much more dangerous. A sh these canadian citizen ']