['Court candidate Bridget McCormack. Watch the full ad HERE. "This is a disaster, it\'s a catastrophe," says  Bradley Whitford , who played deputy chief of staff Josh Lyman in the hit TV show. "People walk into the voting booth, they check ', 'scum bag coward husbands . . . You can all go down in flames together! Hooray!" she wrote. Jane Kaczmerak and  Bradley Whitford  The break-up: The Malcolm in the Middle mother and former West Wing star began the process of ending their 16-year ', 'very funny, adult musical comedy. Golden. Telecharge. Boeing-Boeing. Mark Rylance, Christine Baranski and  Bradley Whitford  star in the London hit about a man juggling affairs with several flight attendants. Longacre. Telecharge. Grease ', 'viciously attacked in ads in South Carolina. Two other guests at Bergen\'s party, former "West Wing" actors  Bradley Whitford  and Richard Schiff, have come forward this week in the media to say that they, too, heard McCain say he didn\'t ', "Speaking of headlines I never anticipated writing... Web maven Arianna Huffington pushes  Bradley Whitford  and Richard Schiff to back her story that Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz, at a dinner party in 2001, said he didn't vote for ", 'campaign checks," Mosk writes. And Arianna Huffington has witnesses -- former White House aides (sort of).  Bradley Whitford  tells The New York Times\' Elisabeth Bumiller : "McCain was just sort of going off on how much he disliked Bush ', 'supporters of both candidates. Among the celebrities in the audience: ex-007 Pierce Brosnan and former West Wing star  Bradley Whitford . Directors Rob Reiner and Steven Spielberg were there, as well as music legend Stevie Wonder, and actors Michael ', 'culture than me) does some star watching for us: "Lou Gosset Junior is at this thing. Plus Diane Keaton. Plus  Bradley Whitford . Plus Rob Reiner. Plus Alfre Woodard. Plus Stevie Wonder. Plus Steven Spielberg. Plus Topher Grace. I think ', "Feingold added. As you might have suspected if you read Vogue's profile of Sen. Feingold, the West Wing's  Bradley Whitford  has given the Wisconsin Senator's PAC $2,000, the AP reports. LINK Iowa: Republican Bob Vander Plaats plans ", 'I spotted bowties on the older guys like Treat Williams and William H. Macy and some old award-show pros like  Bradley Whitford . Then, as quickly as they came, they went inside, and most shockingly, that too went quickly. Garry Shandling ', "Rosenthal in Cleveland, the wonderful Ana Berger from SEIU in Philadelphia, and FDCOS (fake deputy chief of staff)  Bradley Whitford  in St. Louis. Counterintuitively, ACT's Mo Elleithee, who handles regional communication for ACT and AV, has "]