['gone, so they have to ask themselves, "Who am I?"" Blanchett said. Cate, who\'s starred opposite the likes of  Brad Pitt , Leonardo DiCaprio and Russell Crowe, lives a quiet life with her playwright husband Andrew Upton and their three sons ', 'real-life separation barrier. The setting of "World War Z" migrates to Jerusalem after its hero, Gerry Lane, played by  Brad Pitt , arrives to figure out how the Israelis have created a safe zone from zombies. There he meets the chief of Israel\'s ', 'Esquire Matt Damon is the envy of some of his famous friends, in particular,  Brad Pitt  . "I remember telling him that I walk my kids to school, and his face just fell. He was very kind, but he was like, \'You ', '2012\'s retelling of the hunt for Osama bin Laden, "Zero Dark Thirty." But the mob roles beckoned. He played alongside  Brad Pitt  in last year\'s "Killing Them Softly," telling ABC News\' Cynthia McFadden he had to be talked into playing another ', 'back to "business as usual," according to her fiance,  Brad Pitt  . "She\'s doing great," Pitt, 49, said today on learn from her story and she would love to share that."  Brad Pitt  Calls Angelina Jolie\'s Decision \'Heroic\' "I\'ve ', 'he tweeted. The "Beauty and a Beat" singer will join fellow stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Ashton Kutcher,  Brad Pitt  and Angelina Jolie who have reportedly also bought tickets to space. (Mikko Stig /AFP/Getty Images) Sarah Jessica ', '(Photo credit: Dominique Charriau/Getty Images)  Brad Pitt  and Angelina Jolie celebrated her birthday one night early with a romantic dinner in Paris , but the next night, on her actual ', 'today, a source tells ABC News that on Monday night,  Brad Pitt  and Angelina Jolie slipped away after the Paris premiere and served a cake for dessert. Earlier in the evening,  Brad Pitt  was reportedly asked on the red carpet if this birthday ', 'That means the world to me," Jolie told "Good Morning America" Sunday as she walked the red carpet with boyfriend  Brad Pitt  at the London premiere of his new film, "World War Z." Angelina Jolie: \'Really Grateful for All the Support\' This ', "Angelina Jolie's First Public Appearance Since Double Mastectomy: 'I Feel Wonderful'", 'discussion about women\'s health expanded, and that means the world to me," Jolie told the BBC at the world premiere of  Brad Pitt \'s new thriller, "World War Z," in London. "After losing my mom to these issues, I\'m very grateful for it ', "(Photo credit: Esquire)  Brad Pitt  is engaged to one of the world's most beautiful women, actress Angelina Jolie - and since they met in 2004, he's tried to ", 'Good friday morning to you and begin with  brad pitt . What a busy guy yesterday on a whirlwind tour masked the star in the flesh. And you know what, so are we.  Brad pitt  will be here on "gma" LIVE ON MONDAY, JUNE 17th. That\'s ', 'Good friday morning to you and begin with brad pitt . What a busy guy yesterday on a whirlwind tour masked in secrecy he surprised fans at screenings for his new film "world war z" across the country. We\'re not talking one screening, we\'re talking multiple stops. First one in atlanta then he went to philadelphia then he went to chicago and then he went to austin, texas. All in one day to say, thank you to his fans. The fans blown away to see the star in the flesh. And you know what, so are we. Brad pitt will be here on "gma" LIVE ON MONDAY, JUNE 17th. That\'s an early birthday present for moi. Happy birthday. I\'m so looking ', "hairdon'ts was taking her old clients and the secrets of hair color to another salon. All of the years we've seen  brad pitt , jennifer aniston and jennifer lopez, go from blonde to brunette. But now, the salon who claims to style the celebrity ", "of hair color to another salon. All of the years we've seen brad pitt , jennifer aniston and jennifer lopez, go from blonde to brunette. But now, the salon who claims to style the celebrity locks in ", "What really gets you on the edge of your seat at the movies. And the one that did that for me is world war this is  Brad Pitt  as a former UN and peace Stuck with the idea of the virus that has turned everybody touches into she's on the I thought ", 'one that did that for me is world war -- this is Brad Pitt as a former UN and peace -- Stuck with the idea of the virus that has turned everybody touches into -- -- ', "Heavyweight boxing champ Mike Tyson is leveling a pretty big claim against  Brad Pitt . He says he once caught pit with his ex wife Robin Givens. But before you both would be going to your lawyer's office. This ", "Heavyweight boxing champ Mike Tyson is leveling a pretty big claim against Brad Pitt . He says he once caught pit with his ex wife Robin Givens. But before you both would be going to your lawyer's ", 'should nev forget about zombies. If they\'re "world war z" zombies, they are fast and scary. Now, you get to play  brad pitt \'s wife in this. The love interest. Yes. Lady, how do we feel about that? mireille, how did you feel about ha ', 'z" zombies, they are fast and scary. Now, you get to play brad pitt\'s wife in this. The love interest. Yes. Lady, how do we feel about that? mireille, how did you feel about ha. He\'s ', 'Reporter: Would you pay 50 bucks to see  brad pitt  trying to save man kind from zombies What would they have to throw in?  Brad pitt , right next to me. Reporter: Too bad  brad pitt  is a little busy.', 'what else they\'re getting. Reporter: Would you pay 50 bucks to see brad pitt trying to save man kind from zombies in "world war z"? That\'s the price of what\'s being called the mega-ticket, on sale ', 'than a poster and popcorn. What would they have to throw in? Brad pitt , right next to me. Reporter: Too bad brad pitt is a little busy. ', 'wait. Before they do anything one of them very controversial couple are they gonna get married and not gonna get married  Brad Pitt  and Angelina Jolie so we will wait to hear what their next move is all New York court moving on to this forms has announced ', 'controversial couple are they gonna get married and not gonna get married Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie so we will wait to hear what their next move is all New York court -- -- moving on ']