['Dominique Charriau/Getty Images  Brendan Fraser  is suing the producers of a film he says he was hired to star in, claiming he is owed money for the project even though, the ', "'American Idol' Recap: Steven Tyler Teases Jennifer Lopez on Oscars Dress, J-Lo Denies Nip Slip", 'notes, but he didn\'t blow it out vocally like some of the other contestants did. Steven thought Chase looked like  Brendan Fraser . Jennifer thought he sounded great and showed America who he is with "Storm Warning." Randy thought Chase had ', 'Jean-Luc Godard 1948 Ozzy Osbourne 1955 Warren Jeffs 1960 Daryl Hannah 1960 Julianne Moore 1963 Terri Schiavo 1968  Brendan Fraser  1972 Bucky Lasek 1979 Sean Parker 1980 Anna Chlumsky 1985 Amanda Seyfried Jump back to Dec. 2: Day in History ', 'Kashkari shaved his head even back then, prompting colleagues to tease that he looked like a character from the  Brendan Fraser  "Mummy" movies. Watching him tool around in his prized Corvette, it seemed to Texter that Kashkari was "the ', 'hoping audiences will participate to make "Swing Vote" a hit. He mortgaged his house to help finance it.  BRENDAN FRASER Brendan Fraser  has gone from the center of the earth to taking on the undead again in "The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor ', 'This summer,  Brendan Fraser  will once again don his action-adventure hero hat not a fedora with the latest adaptation of "Journey to the Center of the Earth ', 'computer generated about Eddie\'s comic talent.  BRENDAN FRASER  "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is a wild ride face. But what really makes the action exciting is  Brendan Fraser  and his co-stars who face up to the terror filled ', 'diving footage, flying footage and a neat clip from the upcoming remake of "Journey to the Center of the Earth" of  Brendan Fraser  and family falling really, really far. The new case for 3-D is a mixture of factors. Although it is still more ', 'Mounties, may appeal both to parents who grew up with the original and to children who have seen the 1997 movie starring  Brendan Fraser . (That film precedes the George episode Friday at 7 ET/PT.) "Moms and dads know it. Kids grew up watching ', 'Returns" -- and like the late Christopher Reeve, he takes on the role of the Man of Steel as a virtual unknown.  Brendan Fraser , Jude Law and Josh Hartnett had reportedly been considered for the role. Nicolas Cage had long talked about starring ', 'panel discussion featuring Reps. Artur Davis (D-AL) and Hilda Solis (D-CA), as well as Haggis and stars  Brendan Fraser  and Michael Pena. Note query: what makes for better reading: the Norcross tapes? Or the Jennings transcripts ', 'a little bit of an edge." Writer-director Stephen Sommers, who scored a major hit by reviving The Mummy with  Brendan Fraser , gives Van Helsing a similar treatment, tying together the legends of Dracula, Frankenstein, the Wolf Man, and ', 'Armageddon, a prototype for a blockbuster by design. Hanks and Cruise continued to put the fannies in the seats.  Brendan Fraser  joined the top ranks via The Mummy series. Roberts cemented her claim to being the leading lady of her generation ', "under the best of circumstances. Sadly this situation is hardly ID the written word. It's painful thing played by  Brendan Fraser  and twelve year old daughter making sheer In books and a unique talent the ability to bring characters from notebooks ", "is hardly ID the written word. It's painful thing -- played by Brendan Fraser and twelve year old daughter making sheer -- In books and a unique talent the ability to bring characters from notebooks. A ", "happening at the movies and the big happening right now as a movie called journey to the center of the year. In a minute  Brendan Fraser  the star of the movie will be here to talk to us about it. But right now let's take a peek at what really goes ", "movie called journey to the center of the year. In a minute Brendan Fraser the star of the movie will be here to talk to us about it. But right now let's take a peek at ", "Knight you would to get toppled when you're doing with a cinematic tour de force like the third mummy movie. And  Brendan Fraser 's stunning legacy. Of art house cinema I don't think there's that much of a surprise start and I was able to ", "with a cinematic tour de force like the third mummy movie. And Brendan Fraser's stunning legacy. Of art house cinema I don't think there's that much of a surprise start and I was able to. To "]