["hairdon'ts was taking her old clients and the secrets of hair color to another salon. All of the years we've seen  brad pitt , jennifer aniston and jennifer lopez, go from blonde to brunette. But now, the salon who claims to style the celebrity ", "of hair color to another salon. All of the years we've seen brad pitt , jennifer aniston and jennifer lopez, go from blonde to brunette. But now, the salon who claims to style the celebrity locks in ", "What really gets you on the edge of your seat at the movies. And the one that did that for me is world war this is  Brad Pitt  as a former UN and peace Stuck with the idea of the virus that has turned everybody touches into she's on the I thought ", 'one that did that for me is world war -- this is Brad Pitt as a former UN and peace -- Stuck with the idea of the virus that has turned everybody touches into -- -- ', "Heavyweight boxing champ Mike Tyson is leveling a pretty big claim against  Brad Pitt . He says he once caught pit with his ex wife Robin Givens. But before you both would be going to your lawyer's office. This ", "Heavyweight boxing champ Mike Tyson is leveling a pretty big claim against Brad Pitt . He says he once caught pit with his ex wife Robin Givens. But before you both would be going to your lawyer's ", 'should nev forget about zombies. If they\'re "world war z" zombies, they are fast and scary. Now, you get to play  brad pitt \'s wife in this. The love interest. Yes. Lady, how do we feel about that? mireille, how did you feel about ha ', 'z" zombies, they are fast and scary. Now, you get to play brad pitt\'s wife in this. The love interest. Yes. Lady, how do we feel about that? mireille, how did you feel about ha. He\'s ', 'Reporter: Would you pay 50 bucks to see  brad pitt  trying to save man kind from zombies What would they have to throw in?  Brad pitt , right next to me. Reporter: Too bad  brad pitt  is a little busy.', 'what else they\'re getting. Reporter: Would you pay 50 bucks to see brad pitt trying to save man kind from zombies in "world war z"? That\'s the price of what\'s being called the mega-ticket, on sale ', 'than a poster and popcorn. What would they have to throw in? Brad pitt , right next to me. Reporter: Too bad brad pitt is a little busy. ', 'wait. Before they do anything one of them very controversial couple are they gonna get married and not gonna get married  Brad Pitt  and Angelina Jolie so we will wait to hear what their next move is all New York court moving on to this forms has announced ', 'controversial couple are they gonna get married and not gonna get married Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie so we will wait to hear what their next move is all New York court -- -- moving on ', "to life the gray areas between crime and civility evil and humanity. But among liberals back and he played alongside  Brad Pitt  in last year's killing them softly. Telling ABC's Cynthia McFadden he had to be talked into playing yet another tough ", "civility evil and humanity. But among liberals back and he played alongside Brad Pitt in last year's killing them softly. Telling ABC's Cynthia McFadden he had to be talked into playing yet another tough guy. I ", '2012. Retelling of the hunt for Osama bin Laden zero dark thirty. But the rolls and take the still he played alongside  Brad Pitt  in killing them softly telling ABC Cynthia McFadden in a rare television interview. He had to be talked into playing ', 'But the -- rolls -- and take the still he played alongside Brad Pitt in -- -- killing them softly telling ABC Cynthia McFadden in a rare television interview. He had to be talked into playing ', 'When Angelina Jolie went public with the news for double mastectomy husband  Brad Pitt  called it absolutely heroic. But not everyone thinks it was a Smart growth. In an interview with the Washington breast cancer ', 'When Angelina Jolie went public with the news for double mastectomy husband Brad Pitt called it absolutely heroic. But not everyone thinks it was a Smart growth. In an interview with the Washington -- breast cancer ', "the hunt for Osama bin Laden zero dark thirty. But the mob rolls back and I don't take the and he played alongside  Brad Pitt  in last year's killing them softly telling ABC Cynthia McFadden in a rare television interview. He had to be talked ", "rolls back and I don't take the and -- he played alongside Brad Pitt in last year's killing them softly telling ABC Cynthia McFadden in a rare television interview. He had to be talked into playing ", "being generated by this spoof of  brad pitt  as the first male face of chanel chanel to be paid big bucks, or  brad pitt , abc's cecilia vega has the story disappear. Dreams take over. Reporter:  Brad pitt  is the first male spokesman ever ", "we are back with big laughs being generated by this spoof of brad pitt as the first male face of chanel number 5. The original ads are being mocked mercilessly. It begs the question was it really worth it for chanel to be paid big bucks, or brad pitt , abc's cecilia vega has the story. Reporter: It was the perfume ad with 6 million views. It's not a journey. Reporter: The perfume ad starring that famous face. Plans disappear. Dreams take over. Reporter: Brad pitt is the first male spokesman ever for that famous brand and his first ad has just be everyone talking, even though most ", 'the first time they saw a shirtless young actor named  brad pitt  holster a hair drier in "thelma and louise." He\'s hearts of millions of women. My goodness. Reporter: But  brad pitt  wasn\'t just a romantic lead. His tough guy side solidified ', 'fans remember the first time they saw a shirtless young actor named brad pitt holster a hair drier in "thelma and louise." He\'s added humanitarian and family man to that hearttloeb resume along with some darn ', 'forever stole the hearts of millions of women. My goodness. Reporter: But brad pitt wasn\'t just a romantic lead. His tough guy side solidified in movies like "fight club." First rule of fight club, you do ', 'Actor, producer, philanthropist and fourth of six,  brad pitt  is here to talk about his new film, "killing them softly there with the hammer? I\'d like to. All right. Well,  brad pitt , happy holidays. What are you going to do for christmas ', 'a walk down memory lane. Actor, producer, philanthropist and fourth of six, brad pitt is here to talk about his new film, "killing them softly." It opens this friday. I want to read you something a ', "not out there with the hammer? I'd like to. All right. Well, brad pitt , happy holidays. What are you going to do for christmas? We don't know yet. We'll figure that out when we finish up ", 'tos.  Brad pitt , angelina jolie, "world war z." Lama hasan has the chance to sit down with brad. Take a look. Angelina jolie and  brad pitt  have the uniquely colored black carpet overnight for the premier of his ', 'tos. Brad pitt , angelina jolie, "world war z." Lama hasan has the chance to sit down with brad. Take a look. Angelina jolie and brad pitt have the uniquely colored black carpet overnight for the premier of his film, "world war z. Accounts. Go, go, go! We\'re getting ', 'after six kids and seven years.  Brad Pitt  and Angelina have decided to make plan to get married to move mr.  Brad Pitt  a And for the these kids asked me the next two while the future mrs.  Brad Pitt  shoots her next three films. No ', 'stars on the planet and now after six kids and seven years. Brad Pitt and Angelina -- have decided to make it official -- yes. They are engaged. Pitts manager confirming gauge went to ABC news ', 'Amanpour in December. Do you plan to get married to move mr. Brad Pitt a -- And for the -- these kids asked me the other day and I asked them if it was just as ', "Where they'll live for the next two -- while the future mrs. Brad Pitt shoots her next three films. No specifics on the date just yet everybody will be watching and waiting and then of course ", "I think it's fair to say that  Brad Pitt  is one of Hollywood's most famous ABC's Diana Perez has the story.  Brad Pitt  may be a global superstar but so as. The non celebrity as far as  Brad Pitt  goes out his camp has been mum on ", "I think it's fair to say that Brad Pitt is one of Hollywood's most famous and outspoken liberals had just one example he famously refused to get married until gays and lesbians everywhere in America could do so to. So you'd think that the woman who raised him might share his politics but now -- model we see right there has dropped a very public bomb. ABC's Diana Perez has the story. Brad Pitt may be a global superstar but so close to his mother he even brought her to this year's Academy Awards when it ", 'in life is like as. The non celebrity -- as far as Brad Pitt goes out his camp has been mum on what launching its. ', 'those scheming comments that came out in an interview with  Brad Pitt . Talking about his marriage Jennifer Aniston and like thought about his life when his ex wife before He energy.  Brad Pitt  has done it again displaying would Jennifer Aniston once ', "Well that those scheming comments that came out in an interview with Brad Pitt . Talking about his marriage -- Jennifer Aniston and like now with Angelina Jolie and Larry you've been looking into this overnight there are some developments this morning. Yes there are this story does continue gras everybody is talking about it and you will remember Janet said in a 2005 Vanity Fair article that. When pictures of Brad -- for service revealing that relationship the world was in shock. And so she while. Now another stunning revealed from the superstar his comments about we really thought about his life when his ex wife before He -- energy. Brad Pitt has done it again displaying would Jennifer Aniston once referred to as. A lot of -- sensitivity jet when it comes to ", 'Actor discusses fatherhood and his new movie, "Killing Them Softly," in exclusive interview.', "The president, Mitt Romney and Horses and Bayonets made up the week's headlines."]