['Please complete the following steps to find resources for filing an unemployment claim with your state and to see other offers:', 'Step 3: On the last page of  the enrollment process  click your state link and complete the state specific unemployment insurance application for your state.', 'Please note: You have not completed an unemployment insurance claim until you have submitted an unemployment insurance claim with your state which can be done by clicking on your state link on the last page of our enrollment process. You must submit an application with your state to get your weekly unemployment insurance checks. You must submit this information by going to their website which can be done on the last page of our enrollment process.  The additional private offers have no bearing on your unemployment claim and are independent of any state website or unemployment application.', 'Checking off this box indicates you have read and agreed to our Terms and Conditions and Disclaimer below and by submitting this form, you agree to be contacted at the phone number provided above for information regarding educational opportunities.', 'Disclaimer: The Unemployment Filing Service is a private organization dedicated to helping unemployed Americans find services and products that we believe are beneficial to them while unemployed. We are not a government agency and in no way affiliated with any government agency. None of the products or services we link to are endorsed or in any way affiliated with any government agency. We will use the information submitted on this page to qualify you for and connect you with private programs, services and products and you may be contacted by people from these organizations. Information submitted on this page will not be used to determine your eligibility for unemployment insurance benefits and is not an application for state unemployment benefits. This is not an application for government unemployment insurance. On the last page of our enrollment process you must click on your state link follow their instructions and fill out their unemployment insurance application to make an unemployment insurance claim in order to get your unemployment benefits checks. Please carefully review the terms and details of any programs, services or products you are connected to from our site.', 'The Unemployment Filing Service is a private company ("we", "us", "our", or "The Unemployment Filing Service") and not affiliated with any government agency. This Terms of Use Agreement (the "Terms of Use") governs your (hereinafter "you", "your", or "user") relationship with the Company and use of the Company\'s Service (the "Service"). By using the Service, you accept these Terms of Use and any modifications that may be made to these Terms of Use from time to time.', 'Please read through these Terms of Use carefully before you use our Service. The Service includes your use of our print materials, our website (the "Website"), the information included therein (the "Information"), and The Unemployment Filing Service ("The Unemployment Filing Service"). The Service is offered to you on the condition that you agree to all the terms, conditions and notices contained herein without any modifications, which includes warranty disclaimers and disclaimers of liability. The Unemployment Filing Service reserves the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time in its sole discretion. In the case of any violation by you of these Terms of Use, The Unemployment Filing Service may terminate your right to use the Service and reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for such violations. ', 'In addition to other restrictions and prohibitions contained herein, your license for access and use of the Website and our Information is subject to the following additional restrictions and prohibitions on use: You may not (a) copy, print (except for the express limited purpose permitted above), republish, display, distribute, transmit, sell, rent, lease, loan or otherwise make available in any form or by any means all or any portion of the Website or any Information retrieved therefrom; (b) use the Website or any materials obtained from the Website to develop, or as a component of, any information, storage and retrieval system, database, information base, or similar resource (in any media now existing or hereafter developed), that is offered for commercial distribution of any kind, including through sale, license, lease, rental, The Unemployment Filing Service, or any other commercial distribution mechanism; (c) create compilations or derivative works of any of our Information; (d) use our Information or the Website in any manner that may infringe any copyright, intellectual property right, proprietary right, or property right of us or any third parties; (e) remove, change or obscure any copyright notice or other proprietary notice or terms of use contained in the Website; (f) make any portion of the Website available through any timesharing system, service bureau, the Internet or any other technology now existing or developed in the future; (g) remove, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any Website software or use any network monitoring or discovery software to determine the Website architecture; (h) use any automatic or manual process to harvest information from the Website; (i) use the Website for the purpose of gathering information for or transmitting (1) unsolicited commercial email; (2) email that makes use of headers, invalid or nonexistent domain names, or other means of deceptive addressing; and (3) unsolicited telephone calls or facsimile transmissions; (j) use the Website in a manner that violates any state or federal law regulating email, facsimile transmissions or telephone solicitations; and (k) export or re-export the Website or any portion thereof, or any software available on or through the Website, in violation of the export control laws or regulations of the United States.', 'The Unemployment Filing Service does not support spamming by our partners and we explicitly prohibit it. If you would like to report an incident of spamming, please contact us. We will investigate and take appropriate action.', '1. Welcome emails that provide you with your username / password as well as valuable resources.', '2. email newsletters that will contain valuable tips / advice as well as information and links to our trusted partners. You can always opt out of this newsletter so you will no longer receive our newsletter. Please understand you may receive e-mails from our partners who are trying to assist you- you may opt-out at any time from their e-mails. If you are still receiving e-mails, feel free to contact us and we will see what we can do. ', 'You acknowledge and agree that Unemployment Benefits Services is not a government agency and is not affiliated with any government agency. The Information provided through the Service is provided solely for informational purposes. The Information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. YOU AGREE THAT, IN RETURN FOR PERMISSION TO USE THE SERVICE, YOU WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AGAINST The Unemployment Filing Service THAT ARE CONNECTED TO YOUR USE OF THE INFORMATION. We may include information about government agencies, or other websites and businesses in our Information. The inclusion of any such government agencies, or other websites or businesses in our Information does not mean that such agencies, websites, or businesses are affiliated with us or endorse our Service.', 'The content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion and other matters related to the Website are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. The copying, redistribution, or publication by you of any such matters or any part of the Website is strictly prohibited. You do not acquire ownership rights to any of our Information or any content, document or other materials viewed through the Website. The posting of information or materials on the Website does not constitute a waiver of any right in such information and materials. Some of the content on the Website may be the copyrighted work of third parties. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Information provided through the Service and Website may contain proprietary information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, and (ii) Information provided through the Service and Website is or may be protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, or other proprietary rights and laws. Therefore, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the The Unemployment Filing Service Service, in whole or in part.', 'One component of the The Unemployment Filing Service is to provide you with general Information about claiming unemployment benefits to which you may be entitled. This Information is designed to help you generally understand the procedures involved in claiming unemployment benefits to which you may be entitled. However, our goal is not simply to help you collect unemployment benefits. The Information we provide is not intended to and does not constitute legal advice or assistance, recommendations, or counseling under any circumstance. We are not attorneys. Although we go to great lengths to make sure our Information is accurate and useful, we recommend you consult an attorney if you want professional assurance that our information, and your interpretation of it, is appropriate to your particular situation.', 'Although The Unemployment Filing Service has made reasonable efforts to provide you with accurate Information, we assumes no responsibility for the accuracy (or inaccuracy) of the Information. We PROVIDE THIS SERVICE "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW. We FURTHER DISCLAIMES ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Unemployment Filing Service DOES NOT WARRANT UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE FUNCTIONS THROUGH THE SERVICE OR ITS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENT OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.', 'The Unemployment Filing Service SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR WEBSITE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE AND/OR WEBSITE, EVEN IF The Unemployment Filing Service HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THESE DAMAGES. THIS INCLUDES DAMAGES FOR NEGLIGENCE OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE. THIS PROVISION IS SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE LIMITATION UNDER STATE LAW. IN ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR WEBISTE SHALL NOT EXCEED $100 AND THAT AMOUNT SHALL BE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER REMEDIES WHICH YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US.', 'You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our partners, agents, officers, directors, managers, members, employees, subcontractors, successors, assigns, third party suppliers of information and documents, attorneys, advertisers, product and service providers, and affiliates (collectively, "Affiliated Parties") harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney\'s fees, related to your use of the Service. Further, you agree to indemnify and hold us and the Affiliated Parties harmless from any liability, loss, claim, action, legal proceeding, damages, liability, settlements, expenses (including attorneys\' fees) and other costs relating to (i) your breach of these Terms of Use; (ii) Your willful, reckless, or negligent misconduct, or (iii) claims that you infringed the copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, or other proprietary right of a third party. You expressly release us and any Affiliated Parties from any claims that you may have due to your use of the Service, whether you are now aware of any such claims, or become aware of such claims in the future (this provision may be subject to possible limitation under state law).', 'User agrees not to post on the Website any content which (a) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, harassing, or threatening, (b) contains viruses or other contaminating or destructive features, (c) violates the rights of others, including protections of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secrets or any right of privacy or publicity, or (d) otherwise violates any applicable law. User will not post on the The Unemployment Filing Service Website any links to any external Internet sites that are obscene or pornographic. Any information that you provide to The Unemployment Filing Service must be true, complete and accurate, must not represent you as someone else or falsely identify any third party, and must not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation. Violation of any of our Terms of Use subjects the User to immediate termination of service without refund or pro-rated credit for any The Unemployment Filing Service.', 'We do not represent or warrant that the Website will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected. We do not represent or warrant that the information available on or through the Website will be correct, accurate, timely or otherwise reliable. We may make changes to the features, functionality or content of the Website at any time. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on the Website.', "The The Unemployment Filing Service Website may contain links to third party sites. User accesses these sites at User's own risk; The Unemployment Filing Service is not responsible for the content, changes, updates, or other links contained in a linked site. The Unemployment Filing Service provides these links merely as a convenience, and the inclusion of such links does not imply an endorsement by The Unemployment Filing Service of any such site. Your access or use of any third party sites is at your own risk.", "Any third party desiring to link to our Website must link to the Website's home page located at www.unemploymentbenefitservices.com or www.unemploymentonline.us. No one may link to any other page of our Website without our prior written consent.", "User understands and acknowledges that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists or is created between user and The Unemployment Filing Service as a result of user's use of the Service.", "User's use of the Service and any claims related to it are governed by the laws of the State of California without reference to its conflict of laws rules. User consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and Federal courts located in California and user waives to the fullest extent allowed by law the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding.", 'We are not a government agency, nor are we affiliated with a government agency. If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Any cause of action by you with respect to any claim you may have against us must be instituted within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or shall be forever waived and barred. All actions shall be subject to the limitations set forth herein. This Agreement and all incorporated agreements and your information may be automatically assigned by us in our sole discretion to a third party in the event of an acquisition, sale or merger. Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms of Use shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision. Our rights under these Terms of Use shall survive any termination of this agreement. The language contained herein shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against you or us.', 'By submitting this request you grant permission for our premier partner to call you at the number provided even if you are on any DNC registries or have provided you wireless phone number.', 'This website is not affiliated with any Government organization. This site is a for profit corporation that connects people with valuable services and products. ']