['BENEFIT CLAIMS UP: The number of Americans applying for unemployment benefits rose by 7,000 to a seasonally adjusted 343,000 for the week ending July 20. That follows a drop of 22,000 the previous week.Full story', "Michigan says seasonally unadjusted unemployment rates have increased in all 17 of the state's labor markets. Full story", 'More Americans sought unemployment benefits last week. But the number of those seeking aid is down sharply this year. Full story', 'TrendingUnited AirlinesretireesStarbucksBiotechnologySouthwest AirlinesCaterpillar Inc.NBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "CNBC's Rick Santelli reports that initial jobless claims were up 7,000 to 343,000 this week, while durable goods are up 4.2 percent. With Richard Bernstein, Steve Liesman, and Tom Higgins, BNY Mellon's Standish Investment Management.", 'Shadow Chancellor in the U.K., Ed Balls, joins Morning Joe to discuss teaming up with former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers in a plan to help create more "high-wage" jobs in Britain.', 'The latest jobs report showed that unemployment among post-9/11 veterans is down from 11.7% to 7.2% in just six months. Karen Finney highlights what this means, and what steps we need to take to ensure continued progress, with Vivian Greentree and Pamela McBride.', "CNBC's Rick Santelli breaks down the weekly data on unemployment and discusses its impact on the markets, with CNBC's Steve Liesman.", "CNBC's Rick Santelli breaks down this week's unemployment numbers and June's import prices, which fell 0.2 percent. And, Bob Brusca FAO Economics, weighs in on the data and what it indicates about the health of the economy.", "People wait in a queue to enter a government-run employment office in Madrid July 25, 2013. Spanish unemployment fell for the first time in two years in the second quarter, surprising markets and supporting the government's contention that the worst of the country's economic slump may be over. A st", "People enter a government-run employment office in Madrid July 25, 2013. Spanish unemployment fell for the first time in two years in the second quarter, surprising markets and supporting the government's contention that the worst of the country's economic slump may be over. A strong tourist season", "People stand in a government-run employment office in Madrid July 25, 2013. Spanish unemployment fell for the first time in two years in the second quarter, surprising markets and supporting the government's contention that the worst of the country's economic slump may be over. A strong tourist seas", 'A teacher stands in front of riot police during a protest against public sector reforms and layoffs outside the Finance Ministry in Athens', 'A teacher stands in front of riot police during a protest against public sector reforms and layoffs outside the Finance Ministry in Athens July 22, 2013.  REUTERS/John Kolesidis (GREECE - Tags: CIVIL UNREST POLITICS BUSINESS EDUCATION EMPLOYMENT)']