['to a more seductive zip code, "90210," to play the manipulative vixen Valerie Malone. Thiessen and co-star  Brian Austin Green  began a seven-year romance before Thiessen left the series in 1998. Green married another bright-eyed brunette ', 'Steve Granitz/Getty Images. 6:22 p.m. ET: Another stunning new mom: Megan Fox. She admitted that husband  Brian Austin Green  picks most of her dresses. 6:16 p.m. ET: The first surprise of Golden Globes: How utterly amazing Claire ', 'Fox also experienced "pregnancy brain" which she said, is a "very, very real thing." "I had it so bad that  Brian  [ Austin Green , her husband] wouldn\'t let me drive anymore," Fox said. "I would do things with my cell phone like I would ', 'showing him my photo shoots with me in a bikini and he\'s going to be horrified." Fox, who is married to actor  Brian Austin Green  , looks like she may be close to her pre-baby weight, but she said she\'s not rushing to drop the pregnancy pounds ', 'title as the World\'s Sexiest Woman. Just two months after giving birth to her son Noah, whose father is actor  Brian Austin Green , Fox stepped out Monday looking svelte and healthy. The "Transformers" actress attended a screening of her new ', "Brian Austin Green  and Megan Fox: Son's Birth Overshadowed by Reese Witherspoon Baby", 'Images Megan Fox gave birth to her first child with  Brian Austin Green  on Sept. 27, but she kept the news under wraps able to get away with it.\'" RELATED: Megan Fox,  Brian Austin Green  Welcome Baby Boy Fox announced on Facebook on Oct ', 'World\'s Sexiest Mom. Actress and men\'s magazine darling Megan Fox revealed on Facebook today that she and husband  Brian Austin Green  welcomed a son on Sept. 27. "We have been very lucky to have had a peaceful few weeks at home, but I would like ', 'teenagers, known as the Bling Ring , also broke into the homes of Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan, Audrina Patridge,  Brian Austin Green  and Megan Fox, as well as Orlando Bloom, collectively stealing more than $3 million in high-end designer goods ', 'on those "Sexiest Woman Alive" lists revealed her growing belly earlier this week while vacationing with husband  Brian Austin Green . She gave up her vegan diet last year, dismayed that she had lost too much weight. "For a year and a half, until ', 'Beyonce before her , she\'s letting her belly do the talking. New photos of the "Transformers" actress and husband  Brian Austin Green  show him cradling her growing stomach. The two are currently vacationing in Hawaii, where they married two years ', 'Jim Spellman/WireImage Movie star Megan Fox is pregnant with her first child with husband, actor  Brian Austin Green , a source confirmed. The pregnancy of the "Transformers" star was confirmed to E! News on Monday . The actress and the "Beverly ', 'Brian Austin Green  is taking actress and ex-girlfriend Vanessa Marcil Giovinazzo, the mother of his nine-year-old son Kassius, to court ', 'to a more seductive ZIP code, "90210," to play the manipulative vixen Valerie Malone. Thiessen and co-star  Brian Austin Green  began a seven-year romance before Thiessen left the series in 1998. Green recently married another bright-eyed ', "young actress 25 years old best known for her role the transformers. She is expecting the rumors are true husband  Brian Austin Green  from the Beverly Hills 90210 They're expect he's 38 she's 25 respect to their first kid got married back 010 ", "role the transformers. She is expecting the rumors are true -- husband Brian Austin Green from the Beverly Hills 90210 -- They're expect he's 38 she's 25 respect to their first kid got married back -- 010 ", "Sorry guys Megan Fox is married she's that I to  Brian Austin Green  who rose to fame on Beverly Hills a hush hush wedding in Hawaii last week. Megan and Iran are reported to be at the same resort ", "Sorry guys Megan Fox is married she's that I -- to Brian Austin Green who rose to fame on Beverly Hills -- -- -- -- a hush hush wedding in Hawaii last week. Megan and Iran ", "draw the line between talking. And stocking. It's mean it's outrageous. Really needs to be taken down. Actor  Brian Austin Green  agrees it's absolutely invasion of privacy it's unsafe. 2006 Oscar winner George Clooney went on the attack ", "It's -- mean it's outrageous. Really needs to be taken down. Actor Brian Austin Green agrees it's absolutely invasion of privacy it's unsafe. -- 2006 Oscar winner George Clooney went on the attack against another celebrity source. ", "here Tower Records. Michael absent in final reckoning remember this guy haven't seen in awhile. Well of course  Brian Austin Green  remember him from 90210 in purgatory flats. The Baldwin Brothers Stephen. He still acting apparently I don't ", "final reckoning remember this guy haven't seen in awhile. Well of course Brian Austin Green remember him from 90210 in purgatory flats. The Baldwin Brothers Stephen. He still acting apparently I don't know maybe this is an "]