['Asian  stocks  dipped Thursday as investors prepared for a slew of earnings reports in coming days that will give a reading of how confident companies ', "Washington's attention has been elsewhere, the economy has slowly but steadily improved. The housing market is recovering, the  stock market  is booming, and unemployment is falling despite remaining uncomfortably high at 7.6 percent. Obama's pleas for a more ", 'bushel. Crude oil had its biggest drop since June 21 following sluggish manufacturing data from China and a down day on the  stock market . Oil for September delivery dropped $1.84, or 1.7 percent, to close at $105.39 a barrel in New York. In other ', "outlook from Caterpillar, the world's largest construction equipment company, tugged the  stock market  lower Wednesday. The meager drop gave the  stock market  two consecutive days of losses, the first time that's happened all month. APPLE ", "from Caterpillar, the world's largest construction equipment company, helped send  stocks  mostly lower on Wednesday. The meager drop gave the  stock market  two consecutive days of losses, the first time that's happened all month. The Dow ", 'surprised," said Gartner analyst Brian Blau, summing up the sentiments of many investors who\'ve watched Facebook\'s  stock price  stagnate over the past year. "I was actually thinking that maybe they would have a soft quarter," he added, citing a softening ', 'construction equipment company, tugged the  stock market  lower Wednesday. The meager drop gave the  stock market  two consecutive days of losses, the raised its profit forecast and its  stock climbed  43 cents, or 3 percent, to $17 ', 'which include diesel and heating oil, fell by 1.2 million barrels to 126.5 million barrels. Analysts expected distillate  stocks  to increase by 1.9 million barrels. Benchmark crude futures fell by 42 cents to $106.81 a barrel in New York.', "Apple is leading an early advance in technology  stocks  on Wall Street after beating analysts' estimates for earnings better than investors were expecting. Outside of technology  stocks , the gains in the broader market were muted. The Dow Jones ", 'driving force behind the American economy at its best. ... This is a long-term project. It\'s not enough just to see the  stock market  bounce back. It\'s not enough just to see retirement accounts replenished because of the return of the markets." PRESIDENT ', "Facebook's mobile advertising revenue when the world's largest social media company reports second-quarter earnings after the  stock market  closes Wednesday. So far, Facebook Inc. shown it can grow mobile ad revenue since it started showing people ads on their ", 'including interest and dividends, according to the report. If the government sells its remaining shares of GM for the current  stock price  of $36.61, it would get just over $6.9 billion, meaning taxpayers would lose about $11.2 billion on the bailout ', "said Jackson Wong, vice president at Tanrich Securities. While the disappointing manufacturing report dragged down Asia  stocks , it also raised investors' hopes that Beijing would consider new stimulus for China's economy following two straight quarters ", 'including interest and dividends, according to the report. If the government sells its remaining shares of GM for the current  stock price  of $36.61, it would get just over $6.9 billion, meaning taxpayers would lose about $11.2 billion on the bailout ', 'Stocks  that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq  Stock Market : NYSE RadioShack Corp., down 15 cents at $2.78 The struggling electronics retailer said that its second-quarter loss widened ', 'population and bulging national debt. The Liberal Democrats\' "Abenomics" economic program has borne some fruit, lifting the  stock market , boosting business confidence and helping exporters by weakening the yen. But Abe faces a decision this fall on whether to ', 'Stocks  are barely budging in midday trading on Wall Street after a mix of good and bad earnings news from major U.S. companies. The ', 'The  stock market  is closing mixed after an uneven batch of corporate earnings news. The subscriber additions fell short of what investors were expecting. Three  stocks  rose for every two that fell on the New York Stock Exchange. Volume ']