['Stocks  that moved substantially or traded heavily Friday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq  Stock Market : NYSE Tempur Sealy International Inc., down $4.91 at $37.05 The mattress company posted a quarterly loss and cut its outlook ', "P 500 this month. They're up 6.1 percent in July, compared with a 5.3 percent gain for the broader index. Financial  stocks  have gained 25.7 percent this year. 'OLD' TECH STRUGGLES Technology companies were meant be among the biggest beneficiaries ", "The  stock market  recovered from an early swoon and is ending the day pretty much where percent to $73.36 after beating Wall Street's profit estimates. More  stocks  fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Volume was very light ", "Weak results from several U.S. companies helped tug the  stock market  down slightly on Friday, putting major indexes on course companies have surpassed Wall Street's profit targets. The  stock market  hasn't ended the week with a loss since June 21, when ", 'Stocks  are getting off to a weak start on Wall Street after more weakness in technology companies. The early decline Friday is putting ', "economies and bad, and to beat the overall  stock market . Their birth is generally traced to successfully pushed for a new CEO and saw the  stock price  leap, is a case in point. When Loeb other investors followed suit and the  stock price  fell 4 percent. Most Americans don't ", 'that came out earlier this week." Elsewhere in the region, Australia\'s S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.1 percent to 5,042.  Stocks  in South Korea and New Zealand finished slightly higher while benchmarks in Singapore, the Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia ', "economies and bad, and to beat the overall  stock market . Their birth is generally traced to successfully pushed for a new CEO and saw the  stock price  leap, is a case in point. When Loeb other investors followed suit and the  stock price  fell 4 percent. Most Americans don't ", "economies and bad, and to beat the overall  stock market . Their birth is generally traced to successfully pushed for a new CEO and saw the  stock price  leap, is a case in point. When Loeb other investors followed suit and the  stock price  fell 4 percent. Most Americans don't ", 'permits to Israel not only to pray or visit family, but also to shop. Rama Mohammed, who works in a Ramallah retail store that  stocks  Fox and other Israeli brands, complained that she lost many of her clients as a result of the permits being issued. She said ', "Not all emerging-market  stocks  are the same. A wide menu is available managers say the menu is tilted toward the  stocks  that are less desirable. That's because are based on market size, so bigger  stocks  and bigger markets carry more weight ", 'MATERIAL: Gains in energy and chemical companies nudged the  stock market  higher Thursday. Cabot Oil & Gas and Range Resources reported revenue and earnings that trumped estimates, sending their  stocks  up 7 percent. LIKED: Facebook soared 30 percent after reporting ', "Gains in energy and chemical companies nudged the  stock market  higher Thursday. Facebook soared 30 percent after reporting earnings that easily beat analysts' forecasts. The Dow Jones industrial ", 'Stocks  that moved substantially or traded heavily Thursday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq  Stock Market : NYSE Visa Inc., up $7.86 at $194.61 The credit-card payment processor returned to a profit in its fiscal third quarter ', 'Stocks  are closing with modest gains on Wall Street. Technology  stocks  fared far better than the rest of the market Thursday reporting a 14 percent drop in profits. Rising and falling  stocks  were evenly split on the New York Stock Exchange ', "who didn't think it could produce advertising revenue fast enough, especially on mobile platforms, to justify its high  stock market  valuation. Facebook said late yesterday that it posted earnings per share of 19 cents on revenue of $1.81 billion for ", 'Stocks  are mostly lower on Wall Street after several companies reported disappointing earnings. Home builder PulteGroup plunged 9 percent ']