['Salmonellosis, the infection caused by the bacteria Salmonella, is one of the most frequently reported food borne illnesses in the United States.', 'Salmonella is characterized as a group of rod-shaped bacteria that can cause diarrheal illness in humans.', 'Approximately 42,000 cases of salmonellosis are reported in the United States every year. Due to many cases not being diagnosed, the actual number may be considerably larger. Approximately 400 people die each year with acute salmonellosis.', 'Foods contaminated with Salmonella are often of animal origin, such as beef, poultry, milk or eggs, but any food may become contaminated.', 'Salmonella includes over 2,300 serotypes (species) of bacteria. Salmonella serotypes typhimurium and enteritidis are the most common in the United States and account for half of all human infections.', 'Most recently, a specific type of Salmonella Typhimurium, DT104, has emerged that is resistant to many antibiotics. Salmonella Typhimurium DT104 can be found in a broad range of foods.', 'Typical symptoms include diarrhea, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, and fever. Most people experience symptoms within 8 to 72 hours after contaminated food is ingested.', 'Infections usually resolve in 3-7 days, and mild cases often do not require professional treatment. More severe cases require antibiotics.', 'Salmonella infections can be life-threatening especially for young children, pregnant women and their fetuses, the elderly, and people with weakened immune systems. The Salmonella infection can spread from the intestines to the blood stream and cause death if not treated early.', "A small number of persons infected with Salmonella may develop Reiter's syndrome which causes painful urination, joint pain, and eye irritation. This condition can last for months or years and can lead to chronic arthritis.", 'Avoid cross-contamination of food. Keep uncooked meats separate from other food.', 'Proper storage and handling of food helps prevent the growth of Salmonella and thorough cooking destroys the bacteria. Raw or undercooked meat or eggs and raw or unpasteurized dairy products should not be consumed. Produce should be washed very thoroughly.', 'Wash hands after handling pets. Reptiles are especially likely to carry Salmonella and it can contaminate their skin. Salmonella is also often found in the intestines of chicks and young birds.', 'Multistate outbreak of Salmonella Typhimurium infections linked to contact with live poultry purchased from feed stores and mail-order hatcheries.', 'April 25, 2013 - The CDC announces that public health and agriculture officials across several states are investigating an outbreak of human Salmonella Typhimurium infections linked to contact with live poultry.', 'May 10, 2013 - The CDC announces that interviews conducted during the investigation reveal that 94% of ill persons reported contact with live poultry before becoming ill.', 'Multistate outbreak of Salmonella Bredeney infections associated with peanut butter manufactured by Sunland, Inc.', 'September 24, 2012 - Sunland, Inc. announces a voluntary recall of its Almond Butter, Peanut Butter, Cashew Butter, Tahini and Roasted Blanched Peanut Products manufactured between manufactured between May 1, 2012 and September 24, 2012.', 'October 4, 2012 - Sunland, Inc. expands the recall to include all products manufactured in its Peanut Butter Plant after March 1, 2010.', 'October 12, 2012 - Sunland, Inc. expands the recall further to include raw and roasted shelled and in-shell peanuts processed in its Peanut Processing Plant.', "November 26, 2012 - The FDA suspends Sunland Inc.'s food facility registration, which means Sunland Inc. is prohibited from distributing food. The FDA will reinstate the registration when it is determined that the company is able to produce safe products.", 'Multistate outbreak of Salmonella serotype Nchanga and Bareilly infections associated with raw scraped ground tuna product.', 'A total of 425 persons infected with the outbreak strains of Salmonella Bareilly or Salmonella Nchanga have been reported from 28 states and the District of Columbia.', 'According to the CDC, frozen raw yellowfin tuna product, known as Nakaochi Scrape, from Moon Marine USA Corporation is the likely source of this outbreak.', 'April 13, 2012 - Moon Marine USA Corporation voluntarily recalls 58,828 lbs of a frozen raw yellowfin tuna product, labeled as Nakaochi Scrape. Nakaochi Scrape is tuna backmeat, which is specifically scraped off from the bones, and looks like a ground product.', 'As of July 26, 2012, a total of 55 people have been hospitalized. No deaths have been reported.', 'Multistate outbreak of Salmonella Enteritidis infections associated with Turkish pine nuts purchased from bulk bins at Wegmans grocery stores.', 'October 26, 2011 - Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. announces a recall of approximately 5,000lbs. of Turkish Pine Nuts sold in the bulk food department due to possible Salmonella contamination.', 'As of November 17, 2011, a total of 43 individuals infected have been reported from 5 states.', 'CDC confirms an outbreak of Salmonella Heidelberg that links to 136 cases from 34 states.', 'August 4, 2011 - Cargill Meat Solutions Corporation, of Springdale, Arkansas, announces a voluntary recall of 36 millions pounds of ground turkey.', "May 2010 - The CDC notices an uptick in salmonella infections being reported, traces the source and determines it is most likely eggs from Iowa's Wright County Egg.", 'August 13, 2010 - Wright County Egg conducts a nationwide voluntary recall of shell eggs.', 'August 17, 2010 - NuCal Foods Conducts Recall of Shell Eggs Supplied from Wright County Egg.', 'August 18, 2010 - Wright County Egg expands its recall. Wright County Egg has recalled a total of 380 million eggs due to salmonella concerns.', 'August 19, 2010 - COUNTRY Eggs, Inc. initiates a voluntary recall of shell eggs supplied from Wright County Egg.', 'August 20, 2010 - Hillandale Farms of Iowa conducts a nationwide voluntary recall of 170 million shell eggs.', 'August 20, 2010 - Luberski Inc., initiates a voluntary recall of shell eggs supplied from Wright County Egg.', 'August 20, 2010 - NuCal Foods conducts a recall of shell eggs supplied from Hillandale Farms.', 'August 20, 2010 - Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. initiates a voluntary recall of shell eggs produced by Hillandale Farms.', 'August 25, 2010 - Trafficanda Egg Ranch initiates a voluntary recall of shell eggs produced by Wright County Egg.', 'August 25, 2010 - Cardenas Market Brand Label included in Wright County Egg recall.', 'August 26, 2010 - Federal investigators find salmonella bacteria in chicken feed and in barn and walkway areas at Iowa farms at the center of the nationwide outbreak.', 'August 27, 2010 - Sparboe Farms initiates a voluntary recall of shell eggs produced by Wright County Egg and Hillandale Farms.', 'November 2010 - Approximately 1,939 illnesses have been reported that are likely associated with this outbreak.', 'January 3 and 4, 2009 - Preliminary analysis by the CDC of a multi-state study indicates peanut butter as the likely source of the bacteria causing Salmonella infections that began in early September 2008.', 'January 9, 2009 - The FDA begins its inspection of the Peanut Corp. of America (PCA) plant in Blakely, Georgia. ', '- Minnesota health officials report that preliminary laboratory testing found Salmonella in a five-pound container of King Nut brand peanut butter.', 'January 10, 2009 - The King Nut Company issues a voluntary recall of specific lot numbers of peanut butter manufactured by PCA.', 'January 13, 2009 - PCA announces a voluntary nationwide recall of all peanut butter and peanut paste produced in the Blakely facility since July 1, 2008.', 'January 28, 2009 - 54 companies have recalled at least 431 products containing ingredients produced by the PCA facility since July 1, 2008. ', '- PCA expands its recall to include all peanuts and peanut products processed at the Blakely plant since January 1, 2007.', 'February 9, 2009 - The FBI raids PCA headquarters in Lynchburg, Va., and the Blakely plant.', 'February 10, 2009 - PCA subsidiary Plainview Peanut Co. voluntarily closes its processing plant in Plainview, Texas, during federal and state investigations of its food safety records and procedures. Preliminary lab tests show the possible presence of Salmonella there too.', 'February 11, 2009 - After being subpoenaed, PCA President Stewart Parnell appears before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee about the outbreak but refuses to answer questions, invoking his Fifth Amendment right not to incriminate himself. E-mails between Parnell and plant manager Sammy Lightsey reveal that Parnell gave instructions to release products that had initially tested positive for Salmonella after getting a second, negative test result.', "February 12, 2009 - The Texas Department of State Health Services orders a recall of all products ever made at the PCA plant in Plainview after finding rodent excrement, carcasses, and bird feathers in a crawlspace above the factory's production area.", 'February 13, 2009 - The one plant operated by PCA not linked to Salmonella, Tidewater Blanching in Virginia, closes. PCA files for bankruptcy.', '1,442 cases of infection in 43 states, the District of Columbia, and Canada are reported to the CDC. The infection may have contributed to two deaths.', 'Multistate outbreak of Salmonella I 4,[5],12:i:- (pronounced "four five twelve eye minus") infections.', 'An investigation identifies Banquet brand pot pies produced by ConAgra Foods as the likely source of the outbreak.', 'Peter Pan and Great Value peanut butter with product codes beginning with 2111 are identified as the source of the outbreak. Both are manufactured at the ConAgra Foods facility in Sylvester, Georgia.', '628 cases in 47 states reported to the CDC. No deaths are attributed to this infection.']