["and two other directors nominated by his hedge fund are leaving Yahoo's board after big gains in the Internet company's  stock price  over the past year. Yahoo is also buying back 40 million shares of its common stock from Third Point LLC, Loeb's hedge ", "The  stock market  is opening mixed after McDonald's reported poor quarterly earnings weighed on results and it warned of a tough year ahead. The company's  stock price  fell 3 percent just after the market opened. The National Association ", "Portuguese  stocks  are up and its borrowing costs have fallen after the country's political crisis was defused with a decision by the president ", "amounts to little more than the smoke and mirrors of a surging  stock market  and one quarter of improved economic growth. If it were percent in January-March, which along with the rising  stock market  has helped keep Abe's popularity ratings at robust levels ", "Chinese  stocks  fell but other Asian markets edged up Monday after Japan's ruling party stimulus that Abe has implemented since he took office in late December.  Stocks  have surged, business confidence is improving and the weaker yen has eased ", "Monetary Fund. All of that has helped drive up Pakistan's  stock market  11 percent this month. For the year, it's up 28 percent percent on average. And over those same five years, China's  stock market  has lost 2 percent. Poorly-managed companies can still ", 'percentage points in most areas. The Liberal Democrats\' "Abenomics" economic program has borne some fruit, lifting the  stock market , boosting business confidence and helping exporters by weakening the yen. But Abe faces a decision this fall on whether to ', 'picking up, many people are giving credit to the prime minister\'s economic policies dubbed "Abenomics" that have lifted  stocks  and eased pressure on exporters by weakening the yen. Abe also has promised to carry out economic reforms that will make Japan ', "Monetary Fund. All of that has helped drive up Pakistan's  stock market  11 percent this month. For the year, it's up 28 percent percent on average. And over those same five years, China's  stock market  has lost 2 percent. Poorly-managed companies can still ", 'Stocks  that moved substantially or traded heavily Friday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq  Stock Market : NYSE ManpowerGroup Inc., up $3.85 at $65.69 The staffing company said that its second-quarter net income rose 66 percent ', 'Technology  stocks  are slumping on Wall Street after weak results from Microsoft of Google, but the percent after writing off $900 million on its tablet computer. Slightly more  stocks  rose than fell on the New York Stock Exchange.', 'only one among the major  stock market  benchmarks set to end and eBay. Technology  stocks  in the S&P 500 have picture for demand. The  stock market  is still up sharply in bond yields should help  stocks  sustain their rally because ', "In the minutes after opposition leader Alexei Navalny was sentenced to prison, the Russian  stock market  took a dive. When a court released him a day later, share prices dropped markedly again. Russia's legal system is awash in ", 'Weak earnings from big technology companies sent the  stock market  lower in early trading. The tech sector led the declines Friday after disappointing quarterly results from Google, Microsoft ', 'Street\'s main indexes post a series of all-time highs.  Stocks  around the world have had a solid week, especially after U stimulus money floating around markets. "Despite the weakness in  stocks  this morning, global equities are still on track to post a ', 'momentum and so is the sharp reduction of U.S. crude oil  stocks  in past weeks," said a report from analysts at Commerzbank given the fact that US oil production is still rising and  stocks  are still high in the US." Although they remain near historical ', 'Stocks  rose to record levels Thursday on earnings gains at major U.S. companies and encouraging economic news. Claims for unemployment ', 'Dell Inc. has already made inroads in business software and other promising technology niches that are likely to drive the  stock price  higher within the next few years. They contend the deal currently on the table would unfairly allow Michael Dell and his ']