["company reports second-quarter results on Wednesday after the  stock market  closes. WHAT TO WATCH FOR: Facebook's transition to mobile leading up to and shortly after its May 2012 initial public  stock offering . But analysts are now optimistic about Facebook's mobile ", "A mix of good and bad quarterly earnings news from big U.S. companies kept the  stock market  flipping between small gains and losses in midday trading Tuesday. Wendy's and United Technologies rose after posting better ", "U.S. But the panel reversed another part of the lower court's order and allowed state correctional departments to keep  stocks  of the drug they currently have. Sodium thiopental is an anesthetic used to put inmates to sleep before other lethal drugs ", 'The  stock market  is opening higher after DuPont Co. said it is exploring a sale of its performance chemicals unit and China pledged to maintain ', "Columbia, Md.-based company's shares. The price represents a 29 percent premium over Sourcefire's Monday closing  stock price . Sourcefire shares jumped 29 percent in premarket trading. Cisco says the addition of Sourcefire will boost its own cybersecurity ", "a busy week of corporate earnings reports , and more are coming out today. They include Apple, which reports after the  stock market  closes. Analysts predict Apple will say it's making less money as more customers buy its lower-priced iPhones and iPads ", "aggressive monetary easing and government spending have helped push  stocks  higher while business confidence has improved and the weaker Australia's S&P/ASX 200 gained 0.4 percent to 5,019.50.  Stocks  in mainland China, Taiwan, the Philippines and Indonesia also ", "Benghazi, Libya. All the while, the economy has slowly but steadily improved. The housing market is coming back, the  stock market  is on the rise and consumer confidence is near its highest levels of Obama's presidency. Nationwide unemployment is also ", "THE GOLDEN ARCHES: A disappointing earnings report from McDonald's weighed on the  stock market  on Monday. The fast food restaurant chain's slump knocked about 20 points off the Dow Jones industrial average and the index ", 'The  stock market  edged higher Monday after a rise in gold and copper gave mining  stocks  a boost. That helped offset some disappointing earnings news from McDonalds and other big companies. The Dow Jones industrial ', 'world. Since gold is sold in dollars, a cheaper dollar makes gold less expensive as well. The gain in gold also boosted the  stocks  of mining companies like Newmont Mining, which rose nearly 6 percent, and Kinross Gold, which climbed more than 8 percent ', "Stocks  that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq  Stock Market : NYSE McDonald's Corp., down $2.69 at $97.58 The hamburger chain said that its second-quarter profit rose 4 percent ", "The  stock market  is closing at a record high despite a disappointing first time in a month, and gave mining  stocks  a lift. Gold rose $43.10, or 3 percent of a tough year ahead. The company's  stock price  was down 2.7 percent.", "company reports second-quarter results on Wednesday after the  stock market  closes. WHAT TO WATCH FOR: Facebook's transition to mobile leading up to and shortly after its May 2012 initial public  stock offering . But analysts are now optimistic about Facebook's mobile ", "another trend-setting device. The report, due out after the  stock market  closes Tuesday, is expected to show that Apple Inc. is from a game-changer. So far, all that has changed is the  stock market 's perception of Apple.", 'rules of supply and demand alone do not justify the rise and speculators are also pushing the price higher. "While crude oil  stocks  have declined for three weeks in a row, fundamentals in the gasoline and distillates markets appear less supportive," said ', "The  stock market  is edging higher at midday as higher gold first time in a month, and gave mining  stocks  a lift. The price of gold rose $38.60 of a tough year ahead. The company's  stock price  was down 3 percent."]