['Stocks  are closing at record level as investors higher earnings and a share buyback. Energy  stocks  jumped after oil shot to a 16-month high which reported disappointing results. Two  stocks  rose for every one that fell on the New ', 'The justice and his wife, Martha Ann, inherited dozens of  stocks  when her father, Bobby Gene Bomgardner, died last year. Many Alito reported that a death led to the acquisition of the  stocks , as well as investment accounts and mineral rights in Oklahoma ', 'encouraging economic news pushed  U . S .  stocks  back to record levels Thursday encouraged investors to buy  stocks . Separately, the Federal earnings so far have helped the  stock market  resume its upward march in July.  Stocks  pulled back in June amid ', 'Solid earnings gains at major U.S. companies are driving  stocks  higher in midday trading on Wall Street. The advance put the which reported disappointing results late Wednesday. Financial  stocks  were among the gainers. Morgan Stanley rose 5 percent to ', "even after unemployment falls below 6.5 percent, particularly if the decline is caused by people leaving the workforce. The Fed's low interest rate policies have spurred a  stock market  rally and encouraged more borrowing and spending.", 'The average 30-year fixed rate mortgage fell to 4.37 percent for the week ending July 18, as Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke helped ease market concerns about the U.S. central bank tapering its monthly $85 billion bond purchases. The 30-year fixed rate was 4.51 percent the previous week and', 'gains at major U.S. companies drove  stocks  higher in early trading on Wall Street Services Committee Wednesday. Bernanke gave  stocks  a lift on Wednesday when he said that euro and the Japanese yen. Among other  stocks  making big moves, UnitedHealth Group ', 'Solid earnings gains at major U.S. companies are driving  stocks  higher in early trading on Wall Street. The advance put the which reported disappointing results late Wednesday. Financial  stocks  were among the early gainers. Morgan Stanley rose 3.7 percent ', "3 billion before the accounting gain, up 26 percent from a year earlier. That beat the $7.9 billion that analysts had expected. The bank's  stock price  leaped more than 4 percent in pre-market trading, up $1.21 to $27.75.", 'Stocks  continued to rise Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve said it will extend its stimulus policies if necessary, though Chinese ', 'stimulus program if the economy improves, Bernanke said, but added that the reductions were "by no means on a preset course."  Stocks  soared last week after Bernanke reassured a conference of economists that the central bank would pursue a "highly accommodative ', 'Stocks  that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq  Stock Market : NYSE The Bank of New York Mellon Corp., up 57 cents at $30.92 The bank said that its net income rose 78 percent in the second ', 'if it were a surfboard. The nose of the bottle was pointed downward, an apparent illustration of the company\'s falling  stock price  at the time. A few months later, Nooyi announced the "reset" for PepsiCo that would include a major cost-cutting program ', 'if it were a surfboard. The nose of the bottle was pointed downward, an apparent illustration of the company\'s falling  stock price  at the time. A few months later, Nooyi announced the "reset" for PepsiCo that would include a major cost-cutting program ', 'consumer spending. "At JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, the consumer was very, very weak," said Erik Oja, the U.S. bank  stocks  analyst at S&P Capital IQ. "And that\'s just because of retrenchment. People are paying down credit card balances and ', 'Stocks  edged higher in midday trading sufficiently caused the  stock market  to pull back in June for homes. Homebuilder  stocks  climbed Wednesday as the percent, to $22.20. The  stock market  has climbed back to record ', 'Bankrate. "This is the first generation really relying on  stocks  and bond investments," Kahn said, noting that while 80 percent Affiliates, a retiree in 1980 with $355,000 in 60 percent  stocks  and 40 percent bonds would have received an average annual return ', 'Stocks  are edging higher in midday trading on Wall Street as investors welcomed earnings gains from major companies including Bank of ', 'he said at a House Financial Services hearing. Last month  stocks  plunged after Bernanke said the Fed could reduce its $85 billion bond purchases later this year if the economy improves. But  stocks  have since recovered after Bernanke and other Fed members have ', 'which include diesel and heating oil, grew by 3.9 million barrels to 127.7 million barrels. Analysts expected distillate  stocks  to increase by 1.8 million barrels. Benchmark crude rose 20 cents to $106.20 a barrel in New York.']