["you would be up $2,000. Easy money to be made in the  stock market . Three, big reasons. Number one, you have the country keeps stimulating the economy. And that's helping the  stock market . That helps to keep mortgage rates low. But a two-year ", "you would be up $2,000. Easy money to be made in the stock market . Three, big reasons. Number one, you have the country adding jobs. Companies are adding jobs here. Number two, home sales, car sales, they're improving. And the third thing is, help from fed chairman, ben bernanke. He keeps stimulating the economy. And that's helping the stock market . That helps to keep mortgage rates low. But a two-year high for mortgage rates. Already your payment is so different from six ", "seen it being over the last few years. And I think you've heard it over and over again that the economy is not improving but  stocks  keep going higher. We're seeing more of the same companies grinding out better than expected earnings only slightly while ", "it over and over again that the economy is not improving but stocks keep going higher. We're seeing more of the same companies -- grinding out better than expected earnings only slightly while the revenue ", "working families haven't seen any of those savings yet. The  stock market  rebound. Helped a lot of families get back much of what and farther away they they can't see it. Today rising  stock market . Has millions of retirement balances going up. And some ", "lot of working families haven't seen any of those savings yet. The stock market rebound. Helped a lot of families get back much of what they have lost -- there or one -- But millions of ", "hello everyone anti Hernandez in New York  stocks  across all three major indices rose today makes. Rates go higher obviously the  stock market . record high today. What's the general longer and the reason to keep bidding up  stocks  of the basically the economy has to perform ", 'Thursday July 10. -- -- hello everyone anti Hernandez in New York stocks across all three major indices rose today with the Dow finishing at a new record high -- may 28 high. At -- ', "for ever is no longer and the reason to keep bidding up stocks of the basically the economy has to perform better. For the the market to continue to. -- right Yahoo!'s Mike Santelli thank ", "degree day was abandoned. The doors open for about three seconds how about David Page turns yeah. God about yeah laugh and  stock market  ended economic and got madness and he. You know that yesterday pulling her on the train I'm Now this guy did there's ", "about David Page turns -- -- yeah. God about yeah laugh and stock market ended -- economic and got madness and he. You know that yesterday pulling her -- on the train I'm -- Now this ", "that party economy has been repaired obviously they've benefited from all kinds of help. From the Federal Reserve when  stock market  is going up that's great for banks Citigroup did reports. Higher income from from my trading for instance. So that life ", "they've benefited from all kinds of help. From the Federal Reserve when stock market is going up that's great for banks Citigroup did reports. Higher income from -- from my trading for instance. So that life ", "than later and Bernanke and other fed shares we're keeping interest rates relatively low and if in fact that happens the  stock market . Could in fact have a negative reaction to that one regional fed chairs of the tapering could start as early. As September ", 'keeping interest rates relatively low and if in fact that happens the stock market . Could in fact have a negative reaction to that one regional fed chairs of the tapering could start as early. As September. ', "as the dow soars every higher. This heat wave is affecting  stocks . Opening at all-time highs again. There's two reasons he's going to baby-sit this economy. It's time to buy  stocks . Good news for some folks. Not there in the state of michigan ", "happening as the dow soars every higher. This heat wave is affecting stocks . Opening at all-time highs again. There's two reasons here. One, earnings are doing well. Companies are benefiting from low interest rates. At the same time, chairman ben bernanke says he's going to baby-sit this economy. It's time to buy stocks . Good news for some folks. Not there in the state of michigan. ", "and and and game that's facing a little bit of chopped. In  stocks  and bonds over the last month or so but the Fed isn't trying even today that would amount to a moral victory. At least for  stocks  but we'll Seattle will be fixed some might because again I ", "and and and game that's facing a little bit of chopped. In stocks and bonds over the last month or so but the Fed isn't trying to do that I think Wall Street -- -- ", "even today that would amount to a moral victory. At least for stocks but we'll Seattle will be fixed some might because again I think I'm kind of looking forward to this little -- awful ", "accounts are still up on the year, about ten percent. To put it all into perspective, since the all time highs we reached last month in may  stocks  are down just five percent. Still up ten percent. Let's try to hold the market here.", "perspective, since the all time highs we reached last month in may stocks are down just five percent. Still up ten percent. Let's try to hold the market here. ", 'looking at another wild ride for the  stock market  today. But what may be most surprising business is going up. And that spooks the  stock market . And staying on that training wheels uncertainty means volatility in the  stock market . When you consider all of this together ', "Good morning to you. We're looking at another wild ride for the stock market today. But what may be most surprising about all of the volatility, the market dropping, is it's happening because of what's supposed ", "house to starting a business is going up. And that spooks the stock market . And staying on that training wheels theme, traders here on wall street aren't afraid we're going to crash into a wall when the wheels come off. What they're concerned about is things could get wobbly. That creates uncertainty. And uncertainty means volatility in the stock market . When you consider all of this together, what does it mean for your retirement savings? YOUR 401(k) OR I.R.A. STILL FOR This ", "Portugal definitely being felt in the market but. We're not seeing a tremendous selloff for example when it comes to the  stock market . Because again the concerns out there but Dan you know you look at how much Portugal have to pay. In order to you got to ", 'not seeing a tremendous selloff for example when it comes to the stock market . Because again the concerns -- out there but Dan you know you look at how much Portugal have to pay. In order ', "couple weeks ago and you could see those people fleeing back into  stocks  yesterday day before in the folks that didn't trade at all Particular Bernanke's leaving in January is I think would just like  stocks  themselves ever wonders be cautious sudden movements things ", "couple weeks ago and you could see those people fleeing back into stocks yesterday day before in the -- -- folks that didn't trade at all. Just -- come back in the C a marker ", "-- Bernanke's leaving in January is I think -- would just like stocks themselves ever wonders -- -- be cautious -- sudden movements things are broken why fix them. I -- today's earnings season that's ", "there's nothing and it's a glass. Apparently nerves of steel required to walk down that but really it's And it's in  stocks  the Malaysian resort in the Alps would you do what 300 meter long bridge six months to build the bridge. And then went upstairs ", "required to walk down that but really it's -- And it's in stocks -- the Malaysian resort in the Alps would you do what -- -- 300 meter long bridge -- six months to build ", "trillion dollars in market value that's. Then lost in US  stocks  that is only going higher today because as you said. We're our 401 as you said not looking good if you're invested in  stocks . But here we should see some relief when it comes to filling ", "point 94 trillion dollars in market value that's. Then lost in US stocks that is only going higher today because as you said. We're down about 220. Points in the Dow percentage wise we're off ", "401 -- as you said not looking good if you're invested in stocks . But here we should see some relief when it comes to filling up our gas tanks. I can't can't can't talk about ", "U.S . Stocks  Plummet Amid S&P Downgrade; Debt-Ceiling 'Debacle' in Washington Blamed", "That's certainly caught the global  stocks  weren't too happy either with the They interest rates where they are keeping  stocks  where they are keeping growth So what's up there that's what's gonna drive  stocks  bonds are in charge right now it is not ", "say he said that might be enough. That's certainly caught the global stocks weren't too happy either with the -- -- They -- now here's what's going -- -- it's -- complicated but treasury yields ", "Fed's role has been in keeping interest rates where they are keeping stocks where they are keeping growth -- So what's going to happen. Is basically the actions yesterday are gonna make the market even ", "-- there in the losses pile up there that's what's gonna drive stocks bonds are in charge right now it is not about the stock we'll give our I have gotten my aunt Kelli thank ", 'its longest streak losing streak of the of the year and e overnight in japan  stocks  plum etded, down more than 6%, pain spreading to japan and australia and  stocks  are lower in europe. What is driving this? Interest rates on the rise and means ', "losing streak of the of the year and e overnight in japan stocks plum etded, down more than 6%, pain spreading to japan and australia and stocks are lower in europe. What is driving this? Interest rates on the rise and means it's more expensive to do things like ", "on the rise. Wall street isn't happy about it at all. And abc's rebecca jarvis is here to explain. Good morning. And  stocks  are struggling to regain big losses today after the federal reserve signaled that change is coming. Chairman ben bernanke hinted ", "all. And abc's rebecca jarvis is here to explain. Good morning. And stocks are struggling to regain big losses today after the federal reserve signaled that change is coming. Chairman ben bernanke hinted that the ", "which is why. This morning.  Stocks  were at their worst levels the test. Absolutely is that  stocks  tumbled right out of the gate why something happens in the  stock market  I mean you can look at the the Federal Reserve. Why did  stocks  climbed back well I'm not ", "when. And -- -- the closing -- for this Monday June 24 stocks tumbled today pushed down by new concerns over China's economy then made a rebound. This comes after last week's painful sell -- over concerns the Fed might stop its bond buying plan later this year. The NASDAQ and the S&P 500 are down the -- -- the -- down about a 139 point. Joining us now with more on what's making Wall Street so volatile as Monday ABC news chief business and economics reporter Rebecca Jarvis high -- -- thanks for joining us I have baby here. So -- -- what's going on in China Shanghai stocks plunged more than 5%. Yes what's going on in China. -- is that the Chinese newspapers which are controlled by the government ", '-- -- -- of the European markets which is why. This morning. Stocks were at their worst levels of the session in fact it could about a lot worse today even though the Dow ended ', "the big ones in China as the -- test. Absolutely is that stocks tumbled right out of the gate this morning. And were able to race most of those lots as we have a little time lapse here about the importance -- -- today. Wow what a -- -- last so did recover a little bit in the holiday. No one can ever say it beyond a reasonable doubt exactly why something happens in the stock market I mean you can look at the market and there are always clues as to what the big things the big issues are. The big issues are China the big issues are the Federal Reserve. Why did stocks climbed back well I'm not gonna -- -- gas or say specifically what one person said because one person's thesis statement. Is "]