["watching the volatile  stock market  today Wall Street is getting said after last week's  stocks  became very volatile after you see is that Chinese  stock market  selling off state closed effect. In the US as  stocks  have continued to tablet ", "ABC news live digital special report we are closely watching the volatile stock market today Wall Street is getting hammered the Dow now down more than 200 points. Well now just about a 192 -- let's go right to Yahoo! -- -- Lauren Lister for more on what is moving Wall Street right now Laurie -- -- and short. Absolutely said -- after last week's stocks became very volatile after the -- unseat. Policy decision and Ben Bernanke coming out saying hey here is a road -- for winding down Q -- which you -- the market have become so addicted to. After that we saw suddenly a liquidity crunch in China and then what happened over the weekend is that the Central Bank -- mountains said. -- enough liquidity in the system. We're not and it -- -- guns blazing and do something expects this so what you see is that Chinese stock market selling off state closed. Down five point 3% in the case -- that Shanghai composite that was. Their biggest one day drop and closed at four years and then you just -- cascading effect. In the US as stocks have continued to tablet to the extent which used at which brings -- -- right now which could be in part because ", "things in order to come up with that cash. Things like US stocks that are very liquid so that could be one of the reasons why we're seeing some of this selloff in US stocks and then from a broader more fundamental reason. China is part of the jet the big. Global gross story it's been real ", 'coming off a disappointing day in the  stock market  that was driven by worries in China I of choppy trading. Big bond selloff  stocks  sell However you know like traders and Which means. That they think the stock  stock market  is generally going to go up in the future ', 'that was there is a lot of choppy trading. Big bond selloff stocks sell -- However you know like traders and investors do -- generally believe the underlying economy is pretty solid at this point. Which means. That they think the stock stock market is generally going to go up in the future so we could be at the point where a lot of investors say ', "Stocks  appear to be heading for a good morning with a strong earnings report already out from forward. With all the latest on what's ", "Stocks appear to be heading for a good morning with a strong earnings report already out from forward. With all the latest on what's moving Wall Street we're joined now by Bloomberg TVs -- Sheila -- -- and Sheila good morning good to see you. -- -- earnings drumbeat continues and Netflix was a big one was they're good or bad news there. Let me ask you you Netflix -- -- I am not I I subscribe to HBO I had time for. Edited ten -- a lot of people -- dealing and bottom line with a ", 'French Banks Latest Headache for Global Economy, Dow Jones Plummets on Debt Concerns', 'Everyone bracing for another wild day in the  stock market  overnight Asian markets are mixed your very bumpy. And of course that comes off another 500 point drop in the Dow yesterday ', 'Everyone bracing for another wild day in the stock market overnight Asian markets are mixed your very bumpy. And of course that comes off another 500 point drop in the Dow yesterday. ', "2010. Hello everyone I'm in New York  stocks  for flight this morning as He EU leaders will definitely help investors in the  stock market . And probably one of little talked about out this week today MNB take keep my to  stocks . Research in Motion an Oracle boat and ", "December 17. 2010. Hello everyone I'm -- -- -- in New York stocks for flight this morning as He EU leaders work on solving a future debt crisis joining us -- to talk about this. ", 'out this week -- today MNB take keep my -- -- to stocks . Research in Motion an Oracle boat and reported earnings after the bell on Thursday recent semester imports mesa blackberries were pretty killer ', "They mean good things for your wallet.  Stocks  surged to new all-time highs as the streak, in fact, 83% of the gains in  stocks  since mid-january have happened on tuesdays january 15th and only put your money in  stocks  on tuesdays, well, you'd have made ", "Tell us what it means. They mean good things for your wallet. Stocks surged to new all-time highs as the country's housing market showed its best gains in nearly seven years much the dow surged 106 points to finish the session at 15,409, a new all-time high and by the way, it's the 20th tuesday in a row the dow finished higher. That's a long winging streak, in fact, 83% of the gains in stocks since mid-january have happened on tuesdays, so if you invested $10,000 when the streak began on january 15th and only put your money in stocks on tuesdays, well, you'd have made over a thousand dollars in just 20 days. Just released figures also on the housing market ", "the biggest pension funds in Japan might change the way structures that invest more money. In Japanese  stocks  and in the Japanese  stock market  had a big jump. In the overnight futures market rapidly just there's a lot of wild dramatic swings ", "the way -- structures that -- -- invest more money. In Japanese stocks and in the Japanese stock market had a big jump. In the overnight futures market rapidly just there's a lot of wild dramatic swings going on Japan but ", 'Futures climb today after huge spike last Friday  stocks  boosted by some strong bombs in Japan. So to get to the of money McDougle was worth 300 billion dollars in the  stock market  that forty billion dollars in cash. One of the great things ', 'Futures climb today after huge spike last Friday stocks boosted by some strong bombs in Japan. So to get to the headline behind all that -- -- -- from Yahoo! finances ', 'numbers. 175,000 jobs created last month. Unemployment ticked up just a bit to 7.6%. It seemed to be exactly what the  stock market  liked. What is your read on what this means on the economy? We are in this kind of sour equilibrium. I mean the economy ', 'just a bit to 7.6%. It seemed to be exactly what the stock market liked. What is your read on what this means on the economy? We are in this kind of sour equilibrium. I mean ', "from other countries. The housing market is coming back the  stock market  has rebounded. Our deficits. Are shrinking. At the fastest measure our progress is a country. Is not just where the  stock market  is. It's not just how well the folks of the It's not ", "importing less from other countries. The housing market is coming back the stock market has rebounded. Our deficits. Are shrinking. At the fastest pace in fifty years. People's retirement savings are growing again. The rise of ", "we measure our progress is a country. Is not just where the stock market is. It's not just how well the folks of the -- -- It's not just about aggregate economic numbers. It's about how. ", "until tomorrow tomorrow is a huge day. So pay attention to your book just right they're gonna sell  stocks  in a panic Stewart now for gonna buy  stocks  has yet about now get your supposition because tomorrow is the big one. Good to Najaf. Let's ", "day. So pay attention to your book just right they're gonna sell stocks in a panic Stewart now for gonna buy stocks has yet -- -- -- about now get your supposition because tomorrow is the big one. Good to Najaf. Let's take one ", "about this news. What stock they're going to pick next. The building is secure, no doubt about it. Reporter:20% of the  stocks  traded go through the broeksers on the floor. The rest happens electronically. It's another way to prevent terrorists from ", "next. The building is secure, no doubt about it. Reporter:20% of the stocks traded go through the broeksers on the floor. The rest happens electronically. It's another way to prevent terrorists from shutting down this ", 'soon can we ride bike on our own with Al that help from the Federal Reserve. For the average person this week what I meant is  stocks  traded a little bit lower. In light of the Federal Reserve chairs comment. But in the bigger picture I think what it would ', 'Federal Reserve. For the average person this week what I meant is stocks traded a little bit lower. In light of the Federal Reserve chairs comment. But in the bigger picture I think what it ', "still from the heist. Even make comments about the robbery like did you see this in the paper Armenian newspaper calling us  stocks  amusement school. Happy cool you know light and that's gonna get cod and then I'm I think it's really cool. But Emily ", "-- did you see this in the paper Armenian newspaper calling us stocks amusement school. Happy cool you know light -- and that's gonna get cod and then I'm -- I think it's really cool. ", 'economy and the  stock market  on quite a roll. Last night here, we reported on america baby huge bit out of the once mighty apple. After soaring to a record  stock price  just four months ago, the 40%. And tonight, apple has lost ', 'economy and the stock market on quite a roll. Last night here, we reported on america baby boomers finally seeing a recovery in their 401(k)s. The dow ', 'Reporter: What a week for  stocks  and the economy. First off month of april. Meantime,  stocks  finished out the week at their recession and in that time,  stocks  have recovered 139%. So if you put $10,000 into the  stock market  in march of 2009, guess what ', "We do have good news for EVERYONE WATCHING THEIR 401(k)s This morning. Stocks surged to a new record friday with the dow breaking 15,000 for the first time ever before closing just below the would-be milestone but the question this morning, can the economy sustain these new highs? Here's abc's rebecca jarvis. Reporter: What a week for stocks and the economy. First off you have the jobs report. 7.5% unemployment, the lowest level in four years. 165,000 jobs were added to our economy in the month of april. Meantime, stocks finished out the week at their highest levels ever. The dow recently was above 15,000 during friday's trading session. The s&p 500 finished out the week at record highs and you know what that means, your 401(k) IS GOING TO BE LOOKING Much better this month. It's been about four years since the depths of the great recession and in that time, stocks have recovered 139%. So if you put $10,000 into the stock market in march of 2009, guess what you would have right now? About $24,000. For those who sat and waited didn't touch their ", "bottom in march 2009,  stocks  have climbed a staggering attention to where the  stock market  has gotten to at this of us had money in  stocks . Today, that number don't have money in the  stock market ? Mostly, a reflection ", "dropping now do to 7.5%. That's the lowest in five years. And stocks soaring today into unchartered territory. The do cracking that all-important 15,000 mark. So, what does it mean for american retirement accounts? Abc's ", "off for him and many others. Since hitting bottom in march 2009, stocks have climbed a staggering 139%. So, if you invested $10,000 during the worst of the great recession, today you'd have more than doubled your money to almost $24,000. People will not have expected HOW WELL THE 401(k)s HAVE DONE, Because the broad public hasn't paid a lot of attention to where the stock market has gotten to at this point. Reporter: But investors are still nervous. Before the financial crisis, 65% of us had money in stocks . Today, that number has dropped to just over half. What does all this mean for people who don't have money in the stock market ? Mostly, a reflection for economic recovery remains on track. And it seems like big companies are in a position to benefit from ", 'The roaring  stock market  surging to yet another record high the middle to the end of this year.  Stock market  investors like that because it means low interest rates prompt invrn to  stocks  for better returns on their money ', 'continue its policy through the middle to the end of this year. Stock market investors like that because it means low interest rates and low interest rates prompt invrn to stocks for better returns on their money. So the surge continues. Thank you for that, lindsay. Meantime, the federal reserve launched an investigation ', "Stocks  looking to lower this morning after a disappointing jobs report joining us now with more on this the rest of day's business news ", "Stocks looking to lower this morning after a disappointing jobs report joining us now with more on this -- the rest of -- day's business news. His -- Steel from thestreet.com. Hi Alex -- let's start off with this jobs report that was sort of underwhelming right. Extraordinarily. Underwhelming in fact down right it's -- point eight. Nonfarm payrolls grew 39000. November we're looking for them to grow at the minimum -- 144000. Private job growth was only 50000 we are looking for a 100000 job growth and the unemployment rate "]