["We're going to begin with a staggering figure. 500 million. That's how much value  stocks  have lost on wall street in just the last three days. Yesterday alone, the average 401(k) LOST MORE THAN $1,300. So ", "to begin with a staggering figure. 500 million. That's how much value stocks have lost on wall street in just the last three days. Yesterday alone, the average 401(k) LOST MORE THAN $1,300. So, what ", 'have big news on the house. The  stock market  is now as high as it was before bianna, that steady climb in the  stock market  is coming from good news on the markets are on fire, george.  Stocks  up 120% since 2009. Mutual funds ', "for that, I guess. We have big news on the house. The stock market is now as high as it was before the recession, approaching new records. ALL GOOD NEWS FOR YOUR 401(k). And that comes as president obama fills out his economic team for the second term. Let's get more on that from abc's bianna golodryga and jon karl. And, bianna, that steady climb in the stock market is coming from good news on the economy. Reporter: The markets are on fire, george. Stocks up 120% since 2009. Mutual funds had their best two weeks since 2000. And we're less than 200 points from that psychologically ", 'a day for the history books. The  stock market  on a rocket ride, blasting through in hands. So, how can we trust the  stock market  bounce this time? And will it bring to explain for over a year, that the  stock market  is a place you need to have your money ', "On this, a day for the history books. The stock market on a rocket ride, blasting through a ceiling and closing at an all-time high. And, this was the scene on the floor of the new york stock exchange. Big smiles. Compare that to the dark days of the recession, this trader in despair, head in hands. So, how can we trust the stock market bounce this time? And will it bring more american jobs? Abc's linzie janis, who has covered financial markets for years, tells us. ", "something I've been trying to explain for over a year, that the stock market is a place you need to have your money. RepIG WINNERS? America's largest companies, now sitting on a collective cash pile of ", "recovery going on. But they're not that expensive and it's hard to find another place to put your cash that's bullish for  stocks . Andy is here the Dow was trading above 141000 up about how he's 64 point coming out with a new productivity of great. In ", "hard to find another place to put your cash that's bullish for stocks . Andy is here -- the Dow was trading above 141000 up about how he's 64 point -- -- -- -- -- coming ", 'U.S .  stocks  drop recent gains as Greece holds 2nd round of austerity cut talks.', "losses for the firm. So a lot of confusion UBS you know the  stock market  reacting is slightly positively to the news. They're really aside money to buy back shares and He says it's because our  stock price  is too low. We hadn't registered to a lot of companies ", "for the firm. So a lot of confusion UBS you know the stock market reacting is slightly positively to the news. They're really no no way of making up for some glasses that they had last ", 'Futures looking up this morning after a large fall two days investors eager for another rally hoping that anyway the rise. by some pretty good numbers from Germany and Hewlett-Packard posting a good quarter. And to explain some of those numbers and movements in the markets please introduce member', 'watch live coverage of the opening. Why are they out there because that show has been on the air for fifteen years. Picking at numerous awards along the way and today the of kicking a for today Monday April 1. Everyone and then Cutler in New York has first quarter is coming to an end the SP 500 an', 'question like that but probably been  stock market  investors over the long term were they they bought  stocks  when they were. Depressed last year you know there are dividend paying  stocks  so called value  stocks  that. You know if you go into a ', "may find it puzzling here question like that but -- probably been stock market investors over the long term were they they bought stocks when they were. Depressed last year I I would ask them what portion of their total portfolio that stock is -- it's ", 'mean the -- can get -- you know there are dividend paying stocks so called value stocks that. You know if you go into a value -- mutual fund you might be able to get a 3% dividend yield ', 'thirteen to 141000.  Stock market  run up that was only Analysts say the US  stock market  is doing well because dollar is also helping the  stock market  grow as American made of almost all major US  stocks  has been hitting record ', "three months for the Dow average to -- from thirteen to 141000. Stock market run up that was only -- during the go go days of the dot com boom. Analysts say the US stock market is doing well because big American companies are increasingly finding profit growth. Overseas. So while the US has been seen a slowing economy companies it had great success selling to people in Europe and Asia. A weak dollar is also helping the stock market grow as American made goods are cheaper for buyers overseas. Analysts say the bull run will probably continue as it's not just now setting new records. The S&P 500 which tracks the value of almost all major US stocks has been hitting record highs for the past several months as well. But the ABC news money minute I'm Betsy Stark. ", "Friday and that's what  stocks  lower yesterday because It was the first full  stock trading  sessions since the report came out because  stock market  is closed for Good Friday go overseas European  stocks  that hit a two month are seeing European  stocks  fall and in Spain a ", "still thinking about that jobs report on Friday and that's what -- stocks lower yesterday because remember. It was the first full stock trading sessions since the report came out because stock market is closed for Good Friday. Also we've got earning season kicking off later typical talk about -- a few minutes time but. It really means that investors need to kind of wait and see what -- company saying. About how the last three months were in terms of sales and profit but what's the outlook given what's happening in Europe. Given concerns that China's economy which you know had been that torrid pace is really slowing down and potentially more than some people are factored at. Jobs and earnings ridiculous -- -- it is the second but I want to first go overseas European stocks that hit a two month low now bond yields -- rising pretty fast in Spain. Are we in for another wave of ", "country's going to need some more help. So we are seeing European stocks fall and in Spain a real they kept the -- benchmark stock index shares right now down one point 7%. OK so ", "reports its earnings after the closing bell. -- is one of thirty stocks in the Dow Jones Industrial Average is OA's the first -- the Dow stocks to to report so we always like to say it kicks off. Earning season a big -- lot of pressure -- FaceBook. ", "To josh with the other top stories. Our money, on wall street to fight very weak economic report,  STOCKS  AND OUR 401(k)s JUST GOT Another boost thanks in part to encouraging news from detroit. Abc's rebecca jarvis here with those ", "stories. Our money, on wall street to fight very weak economic report, STOCKS AND OUR 401(k)s JUST GOT Another boost thanks in part to encouraging news from detroit. Abc's rebecca jarvis here with those details. ", "was also. It's I have got extra check out this adorable nine month old Caleb was perhaps training for his old trampoline  stocks  take a look. All that bouncing tires went up I had no money involved with so many of these this is how I that morning in the ", 'nine month old Caleb was perhaps training for his old trampoline -- stocks take a look. All that bouncing tires went up I had no money involved with so many of these this is how ', "period a year ago. That that's staggering and the good news five billion of that of buybacks thought enough economics the  stock price  go up. Here's though shareholders had been expecting a fifteen billion dollar buyback I don't know quite what frozen ", "news five billion of that of buybacks thought enough -- economics the stock price go up. Here's -- -- though shareholders had been expecting a fifteen billion dollar buyback I don't know quite what -- -- ", "the giant new year's surge in the  stock market  today. It was a kind of celebration being done. Reporter: All 30 dow jones  stocks  were up and more than 90% of the s cuts for another two months. Fwig name  stocks  and technology companies, the engines ", "relief rally, with the deal being done. Reporter: All 30 dow jones stocks were up and more than 90% of the s&p 500. The markets were optimistic that the economy wouldn't fall into recession after congress agreed to a deal that prevented most tax increases and postponed painful government spending cuts for another two months. Fwig name stocks and technology companies, the engines that help fuel economic growth, did particularly well today. Removing uncertainty like the fiscal cliff, things like ", 'sharyn alfonsi tells us. Reporter: That closing bell sounded like the end of a prize fight but there was no winner today.  Stocks  tumbled across the board after a series of low earnings reports from some big household names. FIRST CHEMICALMAKER DuPONT Reported ', 'the end of a prize fight but there was no winner today. Stocks tumbled across the board after a series of low earnings reports from some big household names. FIRST CHEMICALMAKER DuPONT Reported a 98% ', "The epic fail on wall street. Facebook  stock tumbling  further. Some are questioning if the man in the hoodie there's though chase he's going to give up power over a bad  stock price . Reporter: He may come out the biggest loser. Since ", "there's though chase he's going to give up power over a bad stock price . Reporter: He may come out the biggest loser. Since may, he's lost millions of shareholder friends and some $9 billion in personal ", '8% premium over the  stock trading  yesterday and so is of the year for the  stock market . And the fact is that The alternative to the  stock market  typically is US treasuries nothing when I can buy  stocks  which have the potential ', "year which typically is a strong time of the year for the stock market . And the fact is that given what the Fed is doing buying bonds. The alternative to the stock market typically is US treasuries and yields on treasuries are solo. That didn't really big investors institutional investors are saying. Why should I park my money in treasuries which are yielding nothing when I can buy stocks which have the potential to go higher and a lot of them are paying dividends to do. Right Thompson makes total sense ", 'The worst day of the year for your money. 300,000 in market value gone. The question is, why? Another question, what can we expect in the days ahead? Weekend "gma" anchor, bianna golodryga, with answers here. Reporter: What an ugly day it was yesterday. Two things are making the markets nervous']