["people make the mistake economy in the  stock market  are connected at the hip. Not so much and her nostrils a little bit buying  stocks . That's what you're saying less you gonna go oversight isn't in the  stocks . Arsenal players went and what's the ", "good enough people make the mistake -- -- -- economy in the stock market are connected at the hip. Not so much the stock markets -- -- earnings more about expectations and -- Keynes called the animal spirits. Right now the animals are kind of -- and her nostrils -- a little bit buying stocks . That's what you're saying -- less of a vote on the economy vanity is kind of where you gonna go oversight isn't in the stocks . Arsenal players went -- and what's the Fed gonna do it as an entity -- -- on the gas pedal on that ", "to hear from warren buffett himself on  stocks  and the economy. And that's where better over the last four years. The  stock market  got very depressed. I wrote about it investments to me. But I have no idea what the  stock market  will do next week, next month or next ", "to omaha every year, is to hear from warren buffett himself on stocks and the economy. And that's where we began when we spoke. Well, I don't know what the answer is to what the market will run next week or next month or next year. But the economy has generally gotten better over the last four years. The stock market got very depressed. I wrote about it in 2008. They're not as cheap now. They don't look overpriced. They certainly look more attractive than fixed-income investments to me. But I have no idea what the stock market will do next week, next month or next year. Reporter: What about your businesses? What are the most encouraging signs you see? ", 'the economy and the  stock market  in record territory recovery. The last time  stocks  were this night Bill on the economy so.  Stock market  investors are very cheered people optimistic in the  stock market  Willis is where is consumer ', "We do Begin with the economy and the stock market in record territory our business correspondent Betsy Stark is gonna take a look back to the year 2000. Before the market sank. And Trace its road to recovery. The last time stocks were this night Bill Clinton. He's getting ready to leave the White House -- well had just bought Time Warner and America ", 'Anyone with a 401K had that awful sinking feeling today the  stock market  dropped like a rock wiping out the gains of the last year the last take advantage of as mortgage rates David Muir reporting from the  stock market  tonight.', 'Anyone with a 401K had that awful sinking feeling today the stock market dropped like a rock wiping out the gains of the last year the last 52 weeks. The reason -- fear of another ', 'take advantage of as mortgage rates -- David Muir reporting from the stock market tonight. ', "And over when I'm down Cutler New York with the morning business report market futures up this morning. Because of news from Australia about spending stimulus that. push Asian and European markets it's doing the same right here want to bring in Aaron task Yahoo! finance breakdown business headlines", 'Mark Zuckerberg will open trading from California as his IPO might make history.', "In today's tech buys a new way to buy and sell  stocks  on the go E*Trade financial is launching a new application for Blackberry users. It will let them get real time stock quotes ", "In today's tech buys a new way to buy and sell stocks on the go E*Trade financial is launching a new application for Blackberry users. It will let them get real time stock quotes ", "General Motors had an IPO an initial public offering on the  stock market  which faced they sold hasn't got to pay back the the treasury that they could actually do bad than nom. On the current  stock price  maybe that'll happen to be very to see this. go throughout ", "That General Motors had an IPO an initial public offering on the stock market which faced they sold -- -- hasn't got to pay back the the treasury to bomb which is us. By the by ", "Stocks  ended up yesterday but with this market and some big news from apple people That I have basically issued by the company and you'll benefit as the  stock price  goes up. The company have been Hungary lost pressure and basically this ", "Stocks ended up yesterday but with this market and some big news from apple people are going to be looking very carefully at the market today. Here to break it all down force is Simon constable the host of the news hub what show it. Wall Street Journal dot com Simon before I get you just wanna tell you about the breaking news we're just getting from the AP wire. That we. Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway. We'll be investing a five billion dollars in Bank of America and shares are expected despite today's I just wanted to share that breaking news but. The other big talk on Wall Street ", "solved now. It's the  stock market  like that having already 168. Points This the  stock market  does and I would also the Supreme Court. How  stocks  reacted so far particularly pretty weakness yesterday  stocks  like WellPoint and Aetna ", "ready to say -- the crisis has been solved now. It's the stock market like that -- having already this morning it's up about a 168. Points -- This the stock market does -- and I would also -- it's the end of the quarter. And that's -- -- -- -- square positions -- professionals do so. And it's the -- for a holiday week I wouldn't read a whole lot into today's street it's good news out of your for sure. But we're going to be talking again I almost can guarantee you the next couple weeks about people are freaked out about Europe again. Hijack your your rapidly right at Aaron let's talk a little about the health care -- which was upheld by the Supreme Court. How stocks reacted so far particularly in the health sector. Well it's basically as you'd expect -- -- it was bad news for the insurance industry because now they can't deny people coverage they can't reject. People are raised their premium that they if they get sick and say you had -- pretty -- weakness yesterday stocks like WellPoint and Aetna. And Cigna. And then on the other hand there are some publicly traded hospital groups like HCA. And T -- CNN -- stocks . Did pretty well because basically to give the government is gonna help. Or that individual mandate attacks that we now know people ", "Right all right well let's not let's move on now to two stocks that are taking tumbles on that earnings reports. Research in Motion was down 17%. In premarket trading -- down 11%. Which of ", "tremendous sell off. In the  stock market  the market  stock market  off more than 6% off about these Seeing it wasn't just  stocks  it had a reaction to both of have point out when it comes to  stocks  know for most of the global ", "back country has gone so very such tremendous sell off. In the stock market the -- market stock market off more than 6% off about 36% so far this year a lot more people today saying you know. This question of is Greece going to be able stay -- -- -- stay in the eurozone. Is potentially you know moving more in that no category after these -- -- Seeing it wasn't just stocks it had a reaction to both of these political moves and really this entire movement -- that could be you know happening in Europe right now. Bond yields the Euro oil all -- -- a reaction to this right. Yet they have -- point out when it comes to stocks know for most of the global stock markets we did come off the lows that we had seen. Initially really early this ", "interesting just to see what happens with these markets here because again stocks -- really. Come well off the lows of the session the -- holding steady they're down just 13 of a percent. All ", "another in a minute we've got more  stocks  snapped because futures were indicating we definitely look amber gains in the  stock market . Could definitely use some not some to had taken a here now we have more  stocks  trading in the US. We're still flat ", "the S&P let's take another -- in a minute we've got more stocks snapped because futures were indicating we're using a bit of the game like. Two tenths of a percent nothing big but it that you would have been breaking the losing streak eight straight days for the Dow in terms of being down. It lost six point 7%. In that eight day period the S&P yesterday was down for a seventh straight day. It erased its gains for the year it's trading at a seven month low so we definitely -- look amber gains in the stock market . Could definitely use some not some relief today it is all -- On concerns about the economy people say you know what ", "a percent to had taken a -- here now we have more stocks trading in the US. We're still flat for the -- were up just 110 of a percent for the S&P so. We ", 'folks. Are really feeling it one of the concerns about the  stock market  a fact is really that economic concern that this is attacks watching today you know really wanting to see what happens with  stocks  here because of these concerns and we want to remember you ', "watching today -- you know really wanting to see what happens with stocks here because of these concerns and we want to remember you know we've had these levels with the S&P for example highest ", "GMA's Mellody Hobson explains what you should do to with your 401k, investments.", 'Coming off investing in the  stock market  in almost three years the nearly 500 points yesterday on good news out of Europe and here at home the big question of course can ', 'Coming off investing in the stock market in almost three years the -- nearly 500 points yesterday on good news out of Europe and here at home the big ', "We're watching live coverage of the opening bell. It's Monday April 2 I'm in New York we're kicking off the second quarter of the year this morning the first one will be a tough act to follow. Joining me now to discuss all business headlines at this hour agreement from Bloomberg TV Ellen how you.", "Now here. Back on the floor of the exchange with our cash from the director of floor operations from UBS financial services Margaret of Bloomberg TV the host in business and Margaret Brennan and I are let me Begin would you say I guess you can summarize. Yesterday's concerns over slow growth in the", "tonight after the  stock market 's historic day elsewhere. Australian  stocks  lost 20% of their markets but the  stock market  has clearly gone months. The big  stock market  dropped most people investors their  stocks  outright many had ", "Wall Street is closed tonight after the stock market's historic day a panic selling the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped roughly 508 points. But around the world at this hour where it is already Tuesday other stock exchanges are open for business. And the bad news is the massive selling is continuing elsewhere. Australian stocks lost 20% of their value in the first hour of trading there the Hong Kong exchange suspended trading until next Monday. And ", "things that have been building up the last nine months. The big stock market dropped most people talk about what's on October 28 1929. When the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell about 38 points. But in percentage terms it was twelve point 8%. And -- that incredible thirteen million shares changed hands and the ticker tape that listed the trade was hours behind. What -- that collapsed were margin calls few investors -- their stocks outright many had paid only 10% down. And when prices began falling banks and brokers called for more margin because stocks were no longer worth the money that have been borrowed to pay for them. Today margin is 50%. And the markets controlled ", 'that this was not to be an ordinary trading day. For many stocks so many orders to sell it piled up -- brokerage firm office is over the weekend. But dozens failed to open for trading exchange opened. Such well known stocks -- Exxon Walt Disney Texas Instruments IBM and Merck -- hours -- -- opening for trading. Now take a look at what ', "broader context I think it's pretty interesting. Is the interest in Japan from an investor's standpoint in the west  stock market  which is rallied on the bank of Japan's. Easy money policies the weakening yen which a lot of investors I've spoken ", "Japan from an investor's standpoint in the -- west -- -- -- stock market which is rallied on the bank of Japan's. Easy money policies -- the weakening yen which a lot of investors I've spoken "]