['sword-and-sandals epic, but can he do romantic comedy, as a financier looking for love? He\'ll be tutored by co-star  Albert Finney , who plays his womanizing uncle. "Volver" -- Acclaimed Spanish director Pedro Almodovar reunites with leading ', 'attempting to blackmail her with claims that she had an affair with attorney Ed Masry (portrayed by Oscar nominee  Albert Finney  in the film). On Thursday, Brockovich testified in a Ventura, Calif., courtroom. "It has been a difficult task ', 'attempting to blackmail her with claims that she had an affair with attorney Ed Masry (portrayed by Oscar nominee  Albert Finney  in the film). On Thursday, Brockovich testified in a Ventura, Calif., courtroom. "It has been a difficult task ', 'example of the Academy giving the award to the right actor in the right year. Instead of the able (and oft overlooked)  Albert Finney  snagging a career Oscar for Brockovich, it was first-time nominee Del Toro who took home an Oscar to set beside ', 'attempting to blackmail her with claims that she had an affair with attorney Ed Masry (portrayed by Oscar nominee  Albert Finney  in the film). On Thursday, Brockovich testified in a Ventura, Calif., courtroom. "It has been a difficult task ', 'example of the Academy giving the award to the right actor in the right year. Instead of the able (and oft overlooked)  Albert Finney  snagging a career Oscar for Brockovich, it was first-time nominee Del Toro who took home an Oscar to set beside ', 'attempting to blackmail her with claims that she had an affair with attorney Ed Masry (portrayed by Oscar nominee  Albert Finney  in the film). The real-life Masry characterized the suit to Inside.com as "just another attempt by a whole group ', 'example of the Academy giving the award to the right actor in the right year. Instead of the able (and oft overlooked)  Albert Finney  snagging a career Oscar for Brockovich, it was first-time nominee Del Toro who took home an Oscar to set beside ', 'example of the Academy giving the award to the right actor in the right year. Instead of the able (and oft overlooked)  Albert Finney  snagging a career Oscar for Brockovich, it was first-time nominee Del Toro who took home an Oscar to set beside ', 'This movie was sinfully fun to make," she said of Erin Brockovich, giving nods to Best Supporting Actor nominee  Albert Finney  and director Soderbergh, who was nominated for both that film and Traffic. It was Traffic that brought him the golden ', 'should have earned a Best Supporting Actor nod. But show business insiders figure Benicio Del Toro of Traffic and  Albert Finney  of Erin Brockovich are the most viable nominees. Del Toro, the Puerto Rican native who had to brush up on his Spanish ', "Saturday night (despite or because of a double nomination), but his stars Erin Brockovich's Julia Roberts and  Albert Finney , and the entire cast of Traffic shone at the 7th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday. Nearly all the actors ", "Saturday night (despite or because of a double nomination), but his stars Erin Brockovich's Julia Roberts and  Albert Finney , and the entire cast of Traffic shone at the 7th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday. Nearly all the actors ", 'was told Ron Harwood had had had written screenplay for the Dresser. Which had been a which starred Tom Courtney and  Albert Finney . Both those guys we to do something else ago it can you write something so he wrote this for Courtney. And four Finney ', 'the Dresser. Which had been a -- which starred Tom Courtney and Albert Finney . Both those guys we -- to do something else ago it can you write something so he wrote this for Courtney. And ']