["least defensive ward and our language plus says  Albert Brooks  who ought to know he's cracked people up playing Leslie Mann. Hollywood's hot new thing is.  Albert Brooks  yes  Albert Brooks . The comedian and comic actor best known for delving ", "is friendly it's the least defensive ward and our language plus says Albert Brooks who ought to know he's cracked people up playing everything meant dead ad executive and defending your life to an animated clown ", "comedies starring Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann. Hollywood's hot new thing is. Albert Brooks yes Albert Brooks . The comedian and comic actor best known for delving into neurosis delivers a performance as an LA gangster that one film critic ", "just. Roosevelt is. Here at the point now. Where you warnings and Albert Brooks movie Albert Brooks style does it's that particular. Program. What do you think it is I would hope it would be. You know something that ", "The good. Did don't want you to me mister Verniero. Has moved them. That was  Albert Brooks  and drive this is  Albert Brooks  in person for not drive. if I'm looking out. Senior movies. Markets which says it your start common ", "mister Verniero. -- -- -- Has moved them. -- -- That was Albert Brooks and drive this is Albert Brooks in person for not drive. -- -- if I'm looking out. Senior movies. Markets which says it -- your start common text. ", "any dreams you have. For your future you think you're gonna have to put. Register your election going to be looking for sure but your guy burning rose is this an idea this is. You know I began to suspect him. Possible terrible things when I learned that He was dabbling and movies produced in our.", "garbage as they say. Reporter: Revered by his fellow performers who honored them in his tweets. Rosie o'donnell and  albert brooks  both using the word genius and steve carell calling him wildly funny. Born in ohio he was a machine gunner in world ", "his fellow performers who honored them in his tweets. Rosie o'donnell and albert brooks both using the word genius and steve carell calling him wildly funny. Born in ohio he was a machine gunner in world ", "stars tweeting quote there's also white smoke coming out of my office and nobody seems that excited about it. writer  Albert Brooks  and political tweeting the fun game on the balcony saw a shadow realized there was six more century is up against ", 'of my office and nobody seems that excited about it. -- writer Albert Brooks and political tweeting the fun game on the balcony saw a shadow -- realized there was six more century is up against. ', "You get a little rush. Just the interaction of people and and if I think defending funny I get very proud of myself  Albert Brooks  about it but he said he's he's gonna start and he's in back because. If he comes up with a really good joke ", "and if I think defending funny I get very proud of myself Albert Brooks about it but he said he's he's gonna start and he's in back because. If he comes up with a really good ", "fifteen people basically known for comedy. Who showed their acting chops like you won't possibly believe and that's  Albert Brooks  and drive. Who he's innocent and He can't believe what this guy doesn't drive. And then Jonah Hill and money ", "Who showed their acting chops like you won't possibly believe and that's Albert Brooks and drive. Who he's innocent and He can't believe what this guy doesn't drive. And then Jonah Hill and money ball you'll. ", "naturally funny. When around them and I I appreciate those kinds of people like them don't like I'm that like  Albert Brooks  to hang out and he is just genuinely funny. You know in real life he's just he's a stand up comedian Pittsburgh ", "those kinds of people like them don't like I'm that -- like Albert Brooks -- -- to hang out and he is just genuinely funny. You know in real life he's just he's a stand up ", "reacting on the Oscar stage. Yesterday moments after getting passed over for supporting actor nomination kind of drives  Albert Brooks  tweeting and to the academy. You don't like me you really don't like me Good Morning America Chris ABC news Los ", "moments after getting passed over for supporting actor nomination kind of drives Albert Brooks tweeting and to the academy. You don't like me you really don't like me -- Good Morning America Chris -- ABC news ", "and yes that's. It's not an impersonation from When I am your biggest surprises. I was really surprised that  Albert Brooks  did not get nomination best supporting actor. I thought he was terrific and I thought it was going to be verses Christopher ", '-- When I am your biggest surprises. I was really surprised that Albert Brooks did not get -- nomination best supporting actor. I thought he was terrific and -- I thought it was going to be ', "every time I open my mouth in public He could not be more attacking witnesses right he'd be on He gets that like  Albert brooks ' broadcast news sweat out. But now I I make them laugh and He He grabs me this another January great cop out unexpectedly ", "attacking witnesses right he'd be on -- -- He gets that like Albert brooks' broadcast news sweat out. But now I I make them laugh and He He grabs me this another -- January great cop "]