['Actor says, "Weiner\'s addiction to reckless behavior disqualifies him from the race."', 'Alec baldwin . His fiance, now his wife, his yoga instructor. They got married over the weekend.  Alec baldwin  was all smiles over the week end. They say I do in what turned out to ', 'Alec baldwin . His fiance, now his wife, his yoga instructor. They got married over the weekend. Alec baldwin was all smiles over the week end. They say I do in what turned out to be an a-list affair. All smiles ', 'And we all love  alec baldwin . His movie, "saturday night live," he\'s fantastic. 30 Hilaria baldwin joining us now. We\'re not going to call her  hilaria thomas  anymore, she\'s hilaria baldwin. Welcome. well -- momosel ', 'And we all love alec baldwin . His movie, "saturday night live," he\'s fantastic. 30 rock" now his heart belongs to only one woman. That is true. Tying the knot with a gorgeous yoga instructor. That\'s what it says. You didn\'t notice. Hilaria baldwin joining us now. We\'re not going to call her hilaria thomas anymore, she\'s hilaria baldwin. Welcome. well -- momosel tov. How is married life? Married life is really nice. It\'s different. It feels ', "Tonight  alec baldwin  is apologizing after several tweets It's the latest twitter tirade from  alec baldwin , this time directed at a reporter who alex baldwin profane rant on twitter.  Alec baldwin  a loveable rogue. We're sensitised ", "she used 30 years ago. But alex baldwin profane rant on twitter. Alec baldwin a loveable rogue. We're sensitised to the fact that alec baldwin's had another outburst. Last night he apologized to the gay community saying the words had absolutely nothing to do with issues of ", 'latest tirade and war of words from  alec baldwin . How much of this expletive are expletive lies every day. That was  alec baldwin  going on an expletive-laced rant tweets so they post automatically.  Alec baldwin  used profine and racist language ', 'Reporter: The latest tirade and war of words from alec baldwin . How much of this expletive are people supposed to take, with these expletive lies every day. That was alec baldwin going on an expletive-laced rant, with accusations that his wife, hilaria, was tweeting during the funeral of james gandolfini. My wife did ', "ray show. But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they post automatically. Alec baldwin used profine and racist language. Even threatening. I'm going to find you toxic little expletive and I'm going to expletive you up. ", "believe this one but  Alec Baldwin  says he's going to stop tweeting now. Yes it's whole area gonna try just don't do this anymore so. To be continued but  Alec Baldwin  will not be tweeting. I have a really funny feeling this has very ", "-- -- believe this one but Alec Baldwin says he's going to stop tweeting now. Yes it's -- whole area. Hung out of that British newspaper -- tweeting during the ", "try -- just don't do this anymore so. To be continued but Alec Baldwin will not be tweeting. I have a really funny feeling this has very little to do with may he rest in peace ", "White Betty white's off their rockers. Betty White I finally. The nominees for lead actor in a comedy series are.  Alec Baldwin  30 Rock. Jason Bateman arrested developments. Louie CK. Louie. Don Cheadle house of lies. Matt LeBlanc episodes ", '-- finally. The nominees for lead actor in a comedy series are. Alec Baldwin 30 Rock. Jason Bateman arrested developments. Louie CK. Louie. Don Cheadle house of lies. Matt LeBlanc episodes. And Jim Parsons the Big ', "But start with the celebrity double standard.  Alec baldwin  emerged after last year's nasty's anti-gay twitter estimated $17 million fortune continues the landslide,  alec baldwin  continues on. The unwashed socialist -- the star of ", "But start with the celebrity double standard. Alec baldwin emerged after last year's nasty's anti-gay twitter fight with a reporter. And paula deen's words years ago is costing her millions and ", "She's apologized, but as her estimated $17 million fortune continues the landslide, alec baldwin continues on. The unwashed socialist -- the star of 30 rock had a homophobic slur on twitter, after his wife was accused ", "sometimes they superimpose his face on different areas to cover things up. And a sexy video imagine such thing. Number  Alec Baldwin  earlier in the week. After the big Twitter controversy said he's done what Twitter he's not he's on the tweet ", "to cover things up. And a sexy video imagine such thing. Number Alec Baldwin earlier in the week. After the big Twitter controversy said he's done what Twitter he's not -- he's on the tweet anymore ", "America is that Santa Rosalia definitely as an of course he's going to be seeking. Some money out of things say what  Alec Baldwin  has a knack of being quite charming and making spin positive somehow out of these embeds that. Don't start up that ", "be seeking. Some money out of -- -- things -- say what Alec Baldwin has a knack of being quite charming and making spin positive somehow out of these embeds that. Don't start up that right ", 'Alec Baldwin  may be going from 30 Rock to New York City Hall the possibility of a run for mayor has opened up now that that front runner Anthony winners political career seems doomed. The time it can work for Baldwin as well since his TV contract expires next year.', 'Alec Baldwin may be going from 30 Rock to New York City Hall the possibility of a run for mayor has opened up now ', "Those reports of another dispute between  Alec Baldwin  and a photographer brought us here to this guy's apartment subject. We have about a hundred over the please.  Alec Baldwin  had company for a trip to the Delhi this morning after ", "Those reports of another dispute between Alec Baldwin and a photographer brought us here to this guy's apartment building -- watching his plan. And it was pretty clear Baldwin remains touchy on this subject. We have about a hundred over the -- -- -- please. Alec Baldwin had company for a trip to the Delhi this morning after a story accused him of using a racial epithet against one ", 'can\'t even walk in heels as it is. Reporter: But the 6\'2" blond beauty and daughter of actors kim basinger and  alec baldwin  is following in her famous mother\'s footsteps but baldwin\'s career move has not come without hurtful words from ', 'But the 6\'2" blond beauty and daughter of actors kim basinger and alec baldwin is following in her famous mother\'s footsteps but baldwin\'s career move has not come without hurtful words from pundits on line. Overnight ', 'How to  Alec Baldwin  the woman accused of stalking the star accusations. That she threatened.  Alec Baldwin . A war does started threaten to start seven The woman accused of stalking  Alec Baldwin  found herself back and in New York courtroom ', "How to Alec Baldwin the woman accused of stalking the star earlier this year facing new accusations. That she threatened. Alec Baldwin . A war does started threaten to start a war if he didn't meet up with her CBC's Paul affairs is here with that story for us I don't. TGI NT backed up concern remains about the -- well. His alleged stalker was arrested in April and now she's been hit with twenty counts of harassment were begging. And cleaning to get Baldwin's affections. We have seven -- The woman accused of stalking Alec Baldwin found herself back and in New York courtroom Thursday. Facing new accusations that she lets start a war with the third rock ", "looking forward to that. More good new, funny man,  alec baldwin  in the news for all of the right reasons these days Ain't love grand? He's just an old softy, that  alec baldwin . They're really a cute couple. Yeah, cute, too ", "got chills. So looking forward to that. More good new, funny man, alec baldwin in the news for all of the right reasons these days. He's seriously head overheels for his new bride, elariia thomas. I ", "a lucky number. Ain't love grand? He's just an old softy, that alec baldwin . They're really a cute couple. Yeah, cute, too. Hey, turn up the air in here. Sorry, another day -- no, a little ", 'Alec Baldwin  Kicked Off American Airlines Flight to JFK, Allegedly Refused to Stop Playing Videogame on Phone', "don't know what I do know is this  Alec Baldwin  was playing a video game on a plane broke loose. Yeah yeah. Subdued  Alec Baldwin  refused to speak with reporters from a fellow passenger declared.  Alec Baldwin  removed from the plane we had to ", "showman or both. I don't know what I do know is this Alec Baldwin was playing a video game on a plane. And then all hell broke loose. Yeah yeah. Subdued Alec Baldwin refused to speak with reporters as he arrived in New York overnight just hours after being kicked off. He's first flight from Los Angeles to New York on Tuesday and then launching a transcontinental. Twitter tirade against American Airlines. -- -- It all started at around 1 o'clock West Coast time when a -- from a fellow passenger declared. Alec Baldwin removed from the plane we had to go back to the gate terrible that everyone had to wait exactly what the famously temperamental actor had done was unclear until Baldwin himself tweeted. Flight attendant on American -- me out for plain words with friends while we sat at the gate not moving. Former boxing champ Oscar De La Hoya was sitting in first class -- Baldwin. Alec Baldwin -- mean -- sending us talk to any of its devices on. I just got a little an angry. But some other ", 'the flight attendant and the temper tantrum overnight  Alec Baldwin  made a public apology of sorts. For that incident on praying for news. Have been riders want to apologize to  Alec Baldwin  idiots mister Baldwin is an American treasury. made ', "of the movie star the flight attendant and the temper tantrum overnight Alec Baldwin made a public apology of sorts. For that incident on the American Airlines flights. But it wasn't what you'd call -- sincere. If ABC's rob Nelson. So let me get this praying for news. Have been riders want to apologize to Alec Baldwin idiots mister Baldwin is an American treasury. -- made a surprise visit to Saturday Night Live last night his first public appearance ", "actually being blamed on actor.  Alec Baldwin  with his shades on he was back New York's of. ABC report. If  Alec Baldwin  thought he was going to enjoy a La Hoya. I actually. It felt.  Alec Baldwin  I what's turning off devices ", "delayed flight out of LAX yesterday is actually being blamed on actor. Alec Baldwin with his shades on he was back in New York overnight after taking it later -- -- apparently -- was ousted from his original American Airlines flight because he wouldn't stop playing a game on his cell phone. Lucy Yang of New York's of. -- ABC report. If Alec Baldwin thought he was going to enjoy a smooth ride cross country he found turbulence before the plane even took off. Turns up ", "view former boxing champ Oscar De La Hoya. I actually. It felt. Alec Baldwin I -- what's turning off -- -- -- devices on. I just got a little angry and other passengers of pretty upset ", "Alec Baldwin  is not the first passenger to have a run in with a flight attendant but we asked who do you think was right is Dan Harris. ongoing war between  Alec Baldwin  and American Airlines started and still on board tweeted that he'd been ", "Alec Baldwin is not the first passenger to have a run in with a flight attendant but he might be the most famous and tonight here we asked who do you think was right is Dan Harris. -- ongoing war between Alec Baldwin and American Airlines started -- -- and still on board tweeted that he'd been Ream to buy a flight attendant for playing "]