['will have eaten everything." Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi/ Alec Guinness  A new generation of filmgoers was introduced to legendary actor  Alec Guinness  when he starred as the supremely wise Jedi knight ', 'trilogy. He pays tribute to the original Obi Wan, insisting he wasn\'t creating something new: "My job was to play  Alec Guinness  as a younger man. I created it from his performance." There was a lack of magic on the set, McGregor mused, and ', 'cloak got lost for at least 30 years and no one panicked. "When the costume was used for the first time, worn by Sir  Alec Guinness , \'Star Wars\' was only a science fiction movie. No one would ever have thought that it would be the biggest hit ', "gives its audience something important to think about. It was also written for a male lead. In the 1950 original,  Alec Guinness  played George Bird, who goes on a soul-searching trip after he finds he doesn't have long to live. Now Latifah ", 'Bennifer Together Again (Briefly) in Jersey Girl ; Hanks Kills in Coen Brothers Comedy', "co-star. Grade: F The Ladykillers I laughed so hard at The Ladykillers, a brilliant Coen brothers remake of the  Alec Guinness  classic. I got the feeling Tom Hanks hasn't had this much fun at the movies since he was a teenager and got lucky ", "production is a remake of Kind Hearts and Coronets, the well-regarded British comedy that featured the late Sir  Alec Guinness  in numerous roles. Robin Williams is set to star in the film, while Nichols' first comedic partner (and his The ", "production is a remake of Kind Hearts and Coronets, the well-regarded British comedy that featured the late Sir  Alec Guinness  in numerous roles. Robin Williams is set to star in the film, while Nichols' first comedic partner (and his The ", "production is a remake of Kind Hearts and Coronets, the well-regarded British comedy that featured the late Sir  Alec Guinness  in numerous roles. Robin Williams is set to star in the film, while Nichols' first comedic partner (and his The ", 'Sir  Alec Guinness , who was knighted after his Oscar-winning role in The Bridge on the River Kwai and delighted audiences as Jedi knight Obi-Wan ', "Bosnia and it was considered by many that the definitive. Opponents he was the line. So many years and I think Gary.  Alec Guinness  of course David definitive portrait a vision for what it was like what you'd like to have it go cups. It keeps you ", "-- line. So many years -- -- -- and I think Gary. Alec Guinness of course David definitive portrait a vision for what it was like what you'd like to have it go cups. It keeps ", "and Hughes in that. There various outfits. Along with Robin Hood prince This is a Libby was that this has warmed by  Alec Guinness  in the us them. Says he is to get now I'll be honest with you looking at it today considered little holes in the ", "-- -- This is a Libby was that this has warmed by Alec Guinness in the us -- -- them. Says he is to get now I'll be honest with you looking at it today considered "]