['Director: Mike Newell Starring: Jake Gyllenhaal, Gemma Arterton, Ben Kingsley,  Alfred Molina  Synopsis: Based on the video game, which follows an adventurous prince who teams up with a rival princess to stop an angry ruler ', 'frontrunner in a potential field of never-been nominated contenders, including Stanley Tucci for "The Lovely Bones,"  Alfred Molina  in "An Education" and Christopher Plummer, who at nearly 80, could get his first nod for playing Tolstoy in "The ', "Oct. 26, 2009. She holds her own opposite an impressive cast that includes Sarsgaard, Hawkins, Emma Thompson and  Alfred Molina . Mulligan's rise to fame has been sudden. Her breakout role was playing Kitty Bennet, one of Keira Knightley's ", "makes that joke. 'An Education' (Oct. 9) Director: Lone Scherfig Stars: Carey Mulligan, Peter Sarsgaard,  Alfred Molina , Emma Thompson, Sally Hawkins Story: British actress Mulligan made a breakthrough at the Sundance Film Festival ", 'when you\'ve found it," says Sam Raimi, director of the "Spider-Man" franchise, who has cast Willem Dafoe,  Alfred Molina  and Thomas Haden Church in evil parts. "Personally, I love a villain who has a good laugh," Raimi says. "My ', "long reach, he's probably been grabbing you for years and you didn't even realize his bone-crushing strength.  Alfred Molina  is one of those actors you've seen countless times but never quite remember by name. Once reminded of his work ", 'won a Golden Globe for his work in Chicago. SUPPORTING ACTOR: Chris Cooper (Adaptation) Ed Harris (The Hours)  Alfred Molina  (Frida) Paul Newman (Road to Perdition) Christopher Walken (Catch Me If You Can) Long Shot: Dennis Quaid (Far ', "itself. But she gets profound performances from a fine cast. There is Oscar buzz for Selma Hayak's Frida. But  Alfred Molina  as Rivera, truly brings his bigger-than-life character to, well, bigger-than-life. Grade: B+. Standing ", "which is being set up at United Artists). Meanwhile, the Miramax project is also close to finding a leading man.  Alfred Molina , of the CBS series Ladies Man, is in talks to take on the role of Kahlo's famous painter husband, Diego Rivera ", "which is being set up at United Artists). Meanwhile, the Miramax project is also close to finding a leading man.  Alfred Molina , of the CBS series Ladies Man, is in talks to take on the role of Kahlo's famous painter husband, Diego Rivera ", 'which is being set up at United Artists). Meanwhile, the Miramax project is also close to finding a leading man.  Alfred Molina , of the CBS series Ladies Man, is in talks to take on the role of Kahlo s famous painter husband, Diego Rivera ', "any well Mena just got married this past weekend in Vatican City. And she looked gorgeous she is wearing a dress by  Alfred Molina  had ample that was just a second what it is her answer segment in captivity she It's had music that it was a very ", "Vatican City. And she looked gorgeous she is wearing a dress by Alfred Molina had ample that was just a second what it is her -- -- answer segment in captivity she -- It's had -- ", "Blake. Who is the main source or. And the villainous  Alfred Molina  plays maxim Horvath and I mean and Academy Award nominated production. And last night at the LA premiere of myself and  Alfred Molina  were talking about how great it is because he's worked ", 'about -- Blake. Who is the main source or. And the villainous Alfred Molina plays maxim Horvath and I mean and -- Academy Award nominated turn hopefully. If you -- playing -- we love that album ', "production. And -- last night at the LA premiere of myself and Alfred Molina were talking about how great it is because he's worked on back to back films Jerry. -- disagree experience to work with ", "anybody who was not. Well below snub his Hartford but Julianne Moore in a single would have expected her to be in there  Alfred Molina  for best supporting actor and an education. But I thought he'd have been in there so those the possible you so look ", "a single -- -- would have expected her to be in there Alfred Molina for best supporting actor and an education. But I thought he'd have been in there so those -- the possible -- you "]