['Behind the Candelabra," HBO; Toby Jones, "The Girl," HBO; Benedict Cumberbatch, "Parade\'s End," HBO;  Al Pacino , "Phil Spector," HBO. Actress, Miniseries or Movie: Jessica Lange, "American Horror Story: Asylum," FX Networks ', 'voice of protest when served the wrong drink. Eisenberg, now 21, went on to star in movies like "The Insider" with  Al Pacino  and "Bicentennial Man" with Robin Williams, according to IMDb. She also starred in the indie film "Holy Rollers ', "Cumberbatch, Parade's End Matt Damon, Behind the Candelabra Michael Douglas, Behind the Candelabra Toby Jones, The Girl  Al Pacino , Phil Spector Reality-Competition Program Amazing Race Dancing With the Stars Project Runway So You Think You Can Dance ", 'their career. Movie stars with a shot at Emmy gold include Michael Douglas and Matt Damon in "Behind the Candelabra";  Al Pacino  and Helen Mirren in "Phil Spector"; Holly Hunter in "Top of the Lake"; Shirley MacLaine in "Downton Abbey," Jeff ', 'is a "no-brainer" for a nomination, Wilson said, along with its stars Michael Douglas and Matt Damon. Other possibilities include USA\'s "Political Animals" with Sigourney Weaver and HBO\'s "Phil Spector," starring  Al Pacino .', 'conversation to acting, and Gandolfini opened up with thoughts about actors he said inspired him -- Robert DiNiro,  Al Pacino , Dustin Hoffman and the early roles of Mickey Rourke. "He went on and on about Mickey Rourke," Seitz said. "He ', 'Thirty" was released in January, Panetta said it was "great," but he would have preferred to have been played by  Al Pacino , rather than James Gandolfini. CLICK HERE to return to The Investigative Unit homepage.', 'friends out there." During his time on the show, Hader, 34, became famous for his impressions of James Carville,  Al Pacino  and Julian Assange, though he says he never set out to make that his forte. "I don\'t know if I\'ll keep doing impressions ', 'with Secretary Panetta about: the actor choice in "Zero Dark Thirty." "I have had the great privilege of knowing Leon for what he said was 20 years," said Clinton to laughter. "I think  Al Pacino  would have been more appropriate."', "interested. Denzel was selected many years ago and never set a date for the ceremony. Clint Eastwood is another one,  Al Pacino  is another one. Because of that, now we have to have a sign off. They have to sign off and say they're in agreement ", 'CBS News poll. Overall, only seven percent said they actively oppose the idea. 4. Pacino to Play Paterno in New Film  Al Pacino  will play Joe Paterno in "Happy Valley," a movie about the late Penn State football coach. No start or release dates ', 'character actor known for his roles in "Platoon" and "Wall Street" can currently be seen on the Broadway stage alongside  Al Pacino  and Bobby Cannavale in "Glengarry Glen Ross." Judy Reyes Dominican-American actress Judy Reyes played smart and sassy ', "Next up Alpa chino the acting legend has starred in scores of cinematic classics from the godfather to scarface. most recent thriller 88 minutes hits theaters tonight. Chris Cuomo sat down with the Oscar winner for a rare interview. All the big movies all the big Carrick. As you've played. What is", "Alpa chino is back the man has won an Oscar. Tony an let's face it he's done it all from some of the most iconic roles and American cinema directing. He's even musical comedy. although his first love the stage the big screen made him an offer He couldn't refuse reference for now we starring in a", "release this bill now. So it must. Be that if you had somebody with you inherited that was a little more well known that  Al Pacino  why can't this get released I missed it for the to view out. Isn't just that their training is just. I think you ", "with you -- inherited that was a little more well known that Al Pacino why can't this get released -- I missed it for the to view out. Isn't just that their training is just. I ", "well but it sounds like you're also busy with 88 minutes which is set to be released in April yes let me play opposite  Al Pacino  we must've been really an incredible and challenging feat. Tell us about us now OK well the film is. About a forensic ", "is set to be released in April yes let me play opposite Al Pacino we must've been really an incredible and challenging feat. Tell us about us now OK well the film is. About a forensic "]