['appear as the most dreaded villain on the Hindi cinema screen, drew audiences to "Zanjeer," which helped a young  Amitabh Bachchan  become India\'s biggest film star. After reportedly recommending Bachchan for the part, Pran would team with the ', "Acid Attack Victim Speaks Out -- Will Use TV 'Millionaire' Money for More Surgery", 'million rupees, about $46,000 -- which will go toward her next round of reconstructive surgeries. Bollywood actor  Amitabh Bachchan , the host of the show, called Mukherjee "the epitome of courage" when she won. India was listed as the fourth ', 'this her high-profile wedding in 2007 to the Indian actor Abhishek Bachchan, the son of the highly revered actor  Amitabh Bachchan , and the result is a woman who has been an undisputed national treasure. Until now. In November 2011, she gave ', 'the film stings a bit. The patina of a not-so-shining India has fueled strong reactions, including that from  Amitabh Bachchan . The Bollywood icon wrote on his blog, "If SM projects India as a third-world, dirty, underbelly developing ', 'recently signed Abhishek Bachchan, whose celebrity stems from his own acting career; the legacy of his actor father,  Amitabh Bachchan ; and the fame of his actress wife, Aishwarya Rai. As recently as March, Bachchan had been the face of LG in India ', "including Brad Pitt, Jennifer Lopez, Russell Crowe, Reese Witherspoon and Tom Hanks, as well as Bollywood superstar  Amitabh Bachchan , political agitator Michael Moore, and guaranteed-to-offend subversive comic Sacha Baron Cohen. Toronto's ", 'is considered a success, who will be remembered for his political rather than his acting roles. But in India,  Amitabh Bachchan , the biggest star of Bollywood as the Bombay film industry is known proved to be a failure in politics. Voted into ', 'twists to the tone of the show. In India, the prize money has almost as much appeal as the star rating of the host,  Amitabh Bachchan , a Bollywood film star. In Russia, on the other hand, posing questions to the audience rarely works because Russian ']