['undiagnosed or under-treated because doctors are not educated enough about the disease. Two celebrities with the syndrome are  Andre the Giant  , the French wrestler who died in 1993, and Richard Kiel , who starred in several James Bond films in the 1970s as "Jaws ', 'Gigantism May Be Death Sentence for Nevada Woman After Brain Surgery Deemed Too Risky', 'undiagnosed or under-treated because doctors are not educated enough about the disease. Two celebrities with the syndrome are  Andre the Giant  , the French wrestler who died in 1993, and Richard Kiel , who starred in several James Bond films in the 1970s as "Jaws ', 'undiagnosed or under-treated because doctors are not educated enough about the disease. Two celebrities with the syndrome are  Andre the Giant  , the French wrestler who died in 1993, and Richard Kiel , who starred in several James Bond films in the 1970s as "Jaws ', 'undiagnosed or under-treated because doctors are not educated enough about the disease. Two celebrities with the syndrome are  Andre the Giant  , the French wrestler who died in 1993, and Richard Kiel , who starred in several James Bond films in the 1970s as "Jaws ', 'legendary masked wrestler El Santo starred in 59 Mexican films during an in-ring career that lasted 48 years. The late  Andre the Giant  made several guest appearances in the 1970s as the bionic Bigfoot opposite Lee Majors in television\'s "The Six Million ', "titlist in pro wrestling history. In an industry that has traditionally favored muscular powerhouses like Bruno Sammartino,  Andre the Giant , Hulk Hogan and The Rock, Mysterio has proven wrong naysayers who told him he was too small, couldn't have a believable ", 'times helped me enjoy -- watching Hulk Hogan battle "Rowdy" Roddy Piper, "Mr. Wonderful" Paul Orndorff, the late  Andre the Giant  and others. I just had to make sure I fit some PBS programming into my TV habits. My grandmothers dismissed Hogan and ', 'outside their traditional environment, but it has had a long-standing relationship with them. In the 1970s, the late  Andre the Giant  made several guest appearances as the bionic Bigfoot opposite Lee Majors in television\'s "The Six Million Dollar Man ', 'success. "I want to be remembered as the guy who slammed  Andre the Giant  [at Wrestlemania III in 1987] ," Hogan said. "I don\'t only doing what other wrestling mentors, like the late  Andre the Giant , did for him. "I know my role, as The Rock would say ', 'so that was the residual effect of thirty years of drop in the when Obama but but the single worst injury we have picked  Andre the Giant  when I went to turn into slamming. Everybody says the 500 pound giant He was close of the 700 my whole back also tore away ', '-- when Obama but but the single worst injury we have picked Andre the Giant -- -- when I went to turn into slamming. Everybody says the 500 pound giant He was close of the 700 my ', "acting thing. It is our pictures are arguably the most popular cast member is the one who couldn't He get his reunion.  Andre the Giant  passed away in 1993. Thank cast members you know remember him lovingly. You said something about as I remember. Big people ", "popular cast member is the one who couldn't He get his reunion. Andre the Giant passed away in 1993. Thank -- cast members you know remember him lovingly. You said something about as I remember. Big people ", "thing for. Yeah. Think it is offered arguably the most popular cast member is the one who couldn't He get his reunion.  Andre the Giant  passed away in 1993. It's like he's cast members killed remember him lovingly you have a story about him wrapping his ", "popular cast member is the one who couldn't He get his reunion. Andre the Giant passed away in 1993. It's like he's cast members killed remember him lovingly you have a story about him wrapping his hands ", "while Billy Crystal as the biggest name in the movie that's on the floor He was by no means its largest star. That was  Andre the Giant  of 520. Pound wrestler. Effort days and intimidating. Comes up and the movie as sweetest married that was. reconnaissance ", 'the floor He was by no means its largest star. That was Andre the Giant of 520. Pound wrestler. Effort -- days and intimidating. Comes up and the movie as sweetest married that was. -- -- reconnaissance ', "Well. I get asked about bigfoot and I don't know if going head to have been good to excellent doesn't audit that was  Andre the Giant  you know he was wrestler. And you know seven four 400 pounds you put him that that suit you. Have a that was a fun episode ", "head to -- have been good to excellent doesn't audit that was Andre the Giant you know he was -- wrestler. And you know -- seven -- four 400 pounds you put him -- that that suit ", "your favorite memories from. Well. I get asked about bigfoot. I don't know if to have been good excellent. that was  Andre the Giant  you know he was national wrestler. And you know he was seventh four 400 pounds minute that suit you. That was a fun episode ", '-- to -- have been good -- excellent. -- -- that was Andre the Giant you know he was national wrestler. And you know he was seventh -- four 400 pounds -- -- -- minute that suit ', 'Anyone familiar with  Andre the Giant  is familiar with jag and the result of excess production of human growth hormone. But much less well known as a condition called ', 'Anyone familiar with Andre the Giant is familiar with jag and -- the result of excess production of human growth hormone. But much less well known as a ']