['The children of the house could never undo it, or understand what had come to pass so violently.', 'Caitlin, daughter of Kathleen Peterson: My parents Michael and Kathleen had the most loving relationship ever. They were the most ideal parents. ', 'Kathleen Peterson was one of those people who started putting up lights and wreaths the first week of December.', 'And as her daughter Caitlin remembers it, come December 2001 her mom and stepfather Michael, a writer, were eager to hear happy voices again in the sprawling six-bedroom home, with the kids grown and flown. They were now empty-nesters.', "Caitlin: They all sat me down and said: 'How would you like it if Martha and Margaret come live with you?' And I immediately thought -- 'a permanent sleepover!'", 'Caitlin: Mom pulled me aside in the beginning and said, "This is going to be our family now.\'', 'Caitlin: It was really easy to just kind of fall into amazement of this person who could just keep you entertained and laughing. ', 'Not that it was all a laugh-track sitcom. Caitlin remembers some real screamers between her stepdad and mom. But Caitlin says that 20 minutes later it all would have blown over.', "Caitlin: I think more than anything, it was devastating. She threw her life into that company. And it wasn't just work that was stressing her out. She had to lay off her own boss. ", 'So on December 8th, with Kathleen dreading a morning conference call with the home office and likely more bad news, it was Michael who suggested an afternoon of Christmas shopping and a couple of bottles of wines later to put a cheerier glow on the evening.', 'Dennis Murphy, Dateline correspondent: How much drinking was there in the house?', "Caitlin: My mom loved to party. She was a happy person. She'd have a glass of wine and start drinking to calm her nerves.", 'Exactly how Kathleen Peterson came to be lying at the bottom of the stairs gushing blood would be a mystery that would tear a family apart by the roots.', 'By the time Caitlin heard the news from her college roomate, it was much worse than a dreadful fall.', 'Caitlin: She looks me straight in the eye and she just says, "Caitlin, it\'s your mom. She\'s dead."', 'When Detective Art Holland of the Durham police got to the Peterson home he encountered a ghastly tableau: A 48-year old woman lying dead in a pool of blood, splayed out on the floor, her head resting on the landing of a back staircase.', 'Det. Holland: I identified myself to Mr. Peterson and even shook his hand. And explained to him that sorry for her, his loss. But that it appeared that the scene looked suspicious and needed to be processed.', 'The technician made his measurements and the story revealed to him by the blood put the supposed accidental fall on Cedar Street in a whole new light.', 'For the next 20-hours officers meticulously photographed and documented what they now regarded as a crime scene. Blood outside on the walkway. Blood stains on the front door. The blood on the kitchen sink. A wine bottle and glasses on the counter. Every inch of the three-acre property was combed.', 'The suspicious death of Kathleen Peterson was news. The family gathered in grief, unaware that even more sorrow was headed its way.', 'Accident or murder: which was it? A question to be resolved in the Durham County Court House.', 'The first-degree murder trial of Michael Peterson began in July 2003, with the prosecutor, Jim Hardin, promising to tell a story of a husband who killed in a perfect storm of domestic tension; a crime fueled, he argued, by money worries and sexual secrets.', 'Jim Hardin, prosecutor: I am representing Kathleen because she is not going to be able to tell anybody what happened and we are her voice.', 'The state began its mostly circumstantial case with testimony from the police and paramedics summoned to the scene. Assistant district attorney Freda Black did the questioning.', 'Too much blood, the first-responders thought, for a fall on a wooden staircase but just as puzzling: the blood on and around the victim was mostly dry.', 'Dried blood, meant to the paramedics, that the victim had been lying at the bottom of the stairs for awhile before the 911 call came in around 2:40 a.m.', 'Jim Hardin: We have contended all along that the attack probably occurred around midnight or maybe a little bit earlier.', 'It raised an unanswered question: if Kathleen Peterson is slowly dying for two hours at the bottom of the stairs, where is Michael Peterson all the while? ', 'A veteran crime-scene technician testified he remembered his first glimpse of Michael Peterson bursting through the patio door covered in blood.', 'The prosecutor contended this was all melodramatic acting and a way for Peterson to account for blood on himself.', 'There was testimony from other prosecution witnesses that Peterson had tried to clean a large stain of blood off the front of his shorts.', 'Murphy: State says Michael Peterson beat his wife to death. With what? What was the murder weapon?', 'Hardin: Well, we contended that it was the blowpoke that was seen in that home on many occasions.', 'Prosecutor: Did you have the occasion to see it in her home at various times when you visited?', "Kathleen Peterson's sister Candace: Yes, it was always in the kitchen, I used it, I observed Kathleen use. It was always in the kitchen.", 'In the kitchen, by the back staircase. But search as they may, the police never did find the blowpoke.', 'Hardin: Someone with blood on them had to go outside during a relevant time period to this event.', 'A scrubbed-down stair step was especially chilling because technicians found drops of fresh blood on top of the smudged clean-up. Did that mean the lethal assault happened in two stages?', 'Prosecutor: Do you recall any case where someone died falling down steps and there were multiple lacerations?', 'The medical examiner testified to finding seven tears on the scalp so deep they went down to the skull. And bruises on the face arms and hands, she said, were signs of defensive actions, made during a struggle, not a fall.', 'Medical examiner: In my opinion the injuries were a result of being struck by an object or having the head struck against an object.', 'Prosecutor: Were you able to determine in your opinion what the manner of her death was?', 'And that motive, said the state, could be found inside a checkbook and inside a computer hard drive.', 'The prosecution, through its crime-scene and forensic evidence, had described a violent confrontation between the novelist and his executive wife on the back staircase of their million-dollar home.', 'Michael Peterson was accused of savagely bashing his wife in the head with a fireplace tool, then bludgeoning her again as she regained consciousness. ', 'Dennis Murphy, Dateline correspondent: What did you find on the credit card debt?', 'Butif Kathleen were dead from an accident her company insurance policy would pay Michael, the beneficiary, about $1.8 million dollars.', 'Mike Peterson the creative thinker, the writer of fiction, was able to figure out the perfect solution. That solution was to make it appear that Kathleen fell down her steps and died.', 'Checkbook problems may have been the gasoline of the murder, but the state theorized that something else was the match:', 'His name was Brad, a 26-year old former soldier. His website pic was a come-hither beefcake pose complete with dog tags.', 'Brad: I believe it was just, conversations back and forth on an e-mail correspondence, trying to get to know me a little bit better and a little bit of friendly jabbing at me.', 'Prosecutor: You all contacted each other back and forth approximately how many times by way of the computer?', 'Brad: I am guessing about 20 different e-mail correspondences by either myself or in person.', 'The prosecutor showed jurors a steamy collection of e-mails that Michael Peterson had sent Brad in the weeks leading up to the proposed rendezvous:', 'Prosecutor: Ok was that your normal price that you would have for most of your clients?', 'Prosecutor: Did you all have any type of communication, whether it be by computer or by phone, about how it was that you all were going to hook-up together without his wife knowing it?', 'His sweatiest secrets tumbling publicly out of the closet in televised sworn testimony.', 'Prosecutor: Did you all actually discuss what you were going to do when you were to get together on Sep. 5, 2001?', 'But Brad told the court when the appointed day came around he was tired and canceled the sexual tryst. ', 'Prosecutor: After you contacted him to apologize for not showing up, did you have further communication with him?', 'Dennis Murphy, Dateline correspondent: Do you have any reason to believe that Kathleen knew about this side of her husband and accepted it?', 'And not a bit of all that made any sense, the defense was about to tell the jury.', 'Was it the violent culmination of a perfect storm of domestic stress, as the prosecution argued? ', 'Or was it really something more mundane? Something unfortunate, but perfectly understandable.', 'Defense attorney: The truth is that Kathleen Peterson, after drinking wine and champagne after taking some valium tried to walk up a narrow poorly lit stairway in flip-flops and she fell and she bled to death.', 'Dave Rudolf, lead defense attorney: In my mind this was a case about reasonable doubt.', 'To be sure, no defense attorney welcomes a problem like Brad but Rudolf tried to undo the damage done by the escort in his cross-examination, first by getting the prostitute to say that contact with men like Peterson was far from unusual.', 'Rudolf: Was that an unusual occurrence for you to have, or plan to have sexual relations with married men?', 'Brad: To the contrary. I mean, married men are in the majority of most of the clients that I saw when I was an escort.', 'Rudolf: With regards to the kinds of men that you tended to have escort relationships with, can you give us some indication as to their professions for example?', 'Rudolf: Did a number of the men, the married men, that you had sexual relations with have wives that knew they were bi-sexual?', 'Rudolf: In your experience, was it unusual for a wife married to a bi-sexual man, to know that he was bi-sexual?', 'Rudolf: Was it unusual for a bi-sexual man using your services to be in a happy marriage?', 'Brad: Not at all. Most of the men who would see me would have their time with me and then go back to their happy, healthy lives.', 'And the male prostitute added it would all be physical. No romantic or emotional entanglements allowed.', 'Rudolf: Was there any kind of personal relationship involved between you and Michael Peterson?', 'Brad: No sir. I believe in one of the emails it was very explicit that there would be no emotions involved no personal relationships involved it would be strictly physical.', 'Rudolf: Show me one piece of evidence, one person who says that Kathleen was upset because Mike was bisexual. Or Kathleen was upset because michael was seeing other people outside the marriage. Not one shred of evidence. Not one.', 'The defense even used the male prostitute as an unlikely witness to the strength of the Peterson marriage.', 'Rudolf: Did Michael Peterson ever do or say anything either on the phone or by e-mail that indicated that he was not in love with Kathleen Peterson?', 'Consider that Michael Peterson and Brad the prostitute never DID get together. The defense raised doubts as to whether Peterson really intended to follow through on the sex date with Brad. If it were all just a sexual fantasy, the defense argued there was even less of a motive for murder.', 'Rudolf: Are there some percentage of the people that you have e-mail correspondence that you just never hook up with for one reason or another?', 'Brad: Certainly, a lot of guys are interested in hooking-up, but others just want to get to know a military man, and find out about him and get information about me, and it never goes beyond cyberspace.', 'Rudolf: After that email on 9/30/01 that you sent to him, did you ever have any further contact with michael Peterson?', 'With Brad stepping down from the stand, the defense now had to take on the Mount Everest of the case: the forensics, accounting for all that blood and those appalling injuries.', 'Dave Rudolf, lead defense attorney: Were there any fractures of the skull, any facial bones, mandible, any bony structures of face?', 'And to drive that point home, the defense lawyers took the jurors on a field trip to the house itself, to the back staircase where they hoped jurors would see it was too narrow to freely swing a longish murder weapon like a fireplace tool.', 'Rudolf: It is impossible to conceive of Michael Peterson beating Kathleen Peterson to death with a blow poke or anything else for that matter in that stairway.', 'Not a beating, an accident, said the defense. And to help the jurors envision the way Kathleen may have died, the defense hired a body motion expert, to describe a likely accidental plunge.', 'Dave Rudolf, defense attorney: What we had to overcome were the pictures and the blood. That was very clear right from the beginning.', 'Defense attorney: At this time the defense would like to call Dr. Henry Lee to the stand.', '....the defense put on a celebrity expert witness, none other than Dr. Henry Lee, the medical examiner of O.J. case fame.', 'He swigged a small amount of ketchup, took a deep breath and then spit it out...replicating he said the victim of the fall coughing up blood, staggering about the stairwell in a daze.', 'Dr. Lee: At the scene the injured person can be walking, can move, can shake her head, can move her arms step forward.', 'Rudolf: Obviously, the blood all around was due to her being alive and moving around for some period of time.', 'In fact, lawyer Rudolf argued that the first police in the door may have had it in for the husband once they realized he was the same Michael Peterson taking regular potshots at them in his newspaper column, accusing them of only solving a small fraction of crimes and not getting a handle on drug trafficking in the city. Maybe this was payback time.', 'And for all their measuring and collecting evidence at the scene, defense attorney Rudolf had a Perry Mason moment up his sleeve about a huge clue the police missed altogether.', 'The defense started by going after a supervising officer for letting unauthorized traffic into the crime scene.', 'Rudolf: No the truth of the matter is it was not preserved at all for about an hour.', 'Why did the cops allow Peterson to step in and embrace the body of his dead wife?', 'Rudolf: When you went into the kitchen area there, you noticed some blood, I think you said, on a kitchen cabinet?', 'Rudolf: And had you been aware of that, that might have at least factored into your thinking about how suspicious that was?', 'Rudolf: The blood in the kitchen area, for example, was a complete irrelevancy once you established that there was contamination there in the kitchen with the police standing right by.', 'It became a defense theme: things that looked suspicious at first, on closer examination turned out to not to be suspicious at all, just sloppy police work.', 'Rudolf: And of course, that info would have been helpful to you in determining whether or not that was really a red flag or not right?', 'But the biggest lapse of the police, as the defense saw it, was going to allow defense attorney Rudolph to dress-up his case with a showy flourish.', 'Rudolf: If we look at the handle, for example, its pretty much the same thing right?', 'The defense attorney claimed it had been found there just days before, covered with cobwebs and dead insects, implying that police and everyone else had overlooked it. Not hidden, said the defense, because it had never been a murder weapon in the first place.', 'Rudolf: Does this appear to you, 280, to be the blow poke that Mr. Hardin has been talking about being mysteriously missing since this trial began?', 'Among the U.S. citizens living around the base was Michael Peterson, his then-wife and their two boys. She taught at the American school there.', 'Peterson and his wife became fast friends with another teacher, a woman named Elizabeth Ratliff and her husband, a career air force officer.', 'On November 24th 1985, on a night like so many others, Elizabeth and her two girls had gone over to the Petersons for dinner. Later, Michael Peterson drove the widow and her daughters home, helped put the girls to bed.', 'Not long after, Michael Peterson, his wife and now four children moved back to the States, to North Carolina.', 'The sister of the woman in Germany felt she had no choice but to pick up the phone and talk to the detective working on the Kathleen Peterson case.', 'The detective nervously peered through a morgue window as the M.E. prepared her tools, then began looking closely at the injuries to the head of the woman from Germany.', 'Det. Holland: The M.E. found that she had multiple lacerations to her head that were consistent with blunt force trauma. It was...', 'News that the medical examiner believed Elizabeth Ratliff to be a homicide victim was a deep shock to her sister up in Rhode Island.', 'Eerily similar circumstances but was there any hard evidence to link the earlier death to Peterson? The pressure was on the investigators.', 'The trial date was only a month away when Detective Holland took the second plane ride of his life. This time to Germany, to Grafenhausen.', 'Talked to onetime neighbors and reviewed what little official German paperwork there was on the death. And then he flew back home to North Carolina.', 'For months there was courthouse buzz about whether the prosecutor would even try to get the mysterious Elizabeth Ratliff story heard by the jury.', 'Jim Hardin, prosecutor: We decided that there were sufficient similarities that it was admissible. We felt we were on very strong solid legal ground to introduce that.', 'The defense, naturally tried to block any testimony about another dead woman on a staircase.', 'Hardin: We felt like this was the blueprint. He had seen it, been involved in it, in Germany. He knew what had to happen for it to look like, feel like, and persuade people that it was an accident because it had happened before.', 'Murphy: So, whether what happened in Germany was an accident or not, it was a learning curve on how one could benefit?', 'Now it was eerily as though the murder trial in North Carolina was continuing with a substitute victim...the neighbor and friend standing in for the wife.', 'Prosecutor: Once you put the key in the door and opened the door what happened next?', 'The former nanny told the court she ran down the street to get Michael Peterson. She remembers him coming back to the house and taking charge.', 'Soon the German police showed up and Michael Peterson explained to them what likely had happened.', 'Former nanny: Michael was speaking to authorities. He was telling them there had been an accident.', 'Authorities in Germany felt the most likely scenario was that Ratliff blacked out and fell down the stairs, causing lacerations.', 'Another weird parallel. Seven lacerations: exactly the same number that the medical examiner had found on the scalp of Kathleen Peterson. ', 'The defense was going to refute the testimony by arguing: coincidence but so what?', 'Rudolf: Is the blood in all of the ventricles of the brain consistent with a stroke from natural causes?', 'Defense: Shortly before she died, you talked with Liz and she talked about suffering some severe headaches?', 'Shumacker: Liz looked very bad. She was pale, she looked bad. And she held her head like this and I asked her what was wrong and she said she had the most severe headache. And that she did make an appointment to go to the medical facility. And she had an appointment Tuesday.', 'The defense, that had accused the police officers in North Carolina of misunderstanding and failing to preserve their crime scene, had nothing but confidence in the work of the German and U.S. authorities in Grafenhausen.', 'Still, how many guys have two women in their lives dead at the bottom of the stairs?', 'In final arguments the prosecutor had one last chance to convince the jury beyond a reasonable doubt, that Kathleen Peterson did NOT die in an accidental fall.', 'Prosecutor: How in the world can somebody get 38 injuries over their face back head and hands arms and wrists by falling down some steps? Even if there are two falls. There is absolutely no way that makes common sense.', 'Dennis Murphy, Dateline correspondent: Did you try to read his face, his demeanor, as he sat in the courtroom before you?', 'Betty, juror: Looking at him you were not able to read him one way or the other. He was almost expressionless at times.', 'Keith, juror: You really would like to believe that nobody is capable of doing what this man was accused of.', 'The jurors were understandably shaken by the crime scene photos in the stairwell.', 'But they also acknowledged that accidents happen with sometimes unpredictable results.', 'Murphy: Did you think maybe it might have happened the way the defense lawyer described it?', 'Juror: Yes, I think there were times throughout the trial that I personally moved from one side to the other with regard to guilt or innocence.', 'Murphy: Maybe she did fall. Maybe she did fall and maybe there was some confrontation.', 'Tania, juror: When I found out he was coming, I expected for some reason, for him to solve it.', 'Kelly: I was probably more disappointed in him because. He could not definitely conclude, with, without a shadow of a doubt on his part that this was not a beating.', 'Betty: We were just blown out of the water with the blow poke, the blow poke, through the entire trial. I never believed that the blow poke was the weapon.', 'For some jurors, visiting the staircase during the field trip to the Peterson mansion helped them to determine whether the blow poke had been used.', 'Keith: But with that it was such a narrow space drunk or sober, I think you could have stopped yourself from sustaining so much damage falling down the steps.', 'Was Brad, the male prostitute Peterson had tried to set up a date with, more evidence to the jury of a perfect domestic storm?', 'Shirley: We decided that we had enough to deal with at 1810 cedar street and not to really talk about the death in Germany.', 'Keith: There were some similarities in the autopsy, which made it harder to set it aside.', 'So many ambiguities: Red Neurons, blood stains on the wall, dueling experts on the cause of death, interpretation of injuries. Could they reach a decision as instructed by the judge, certain beyond a reasonable doubt about what happened in that stairwell?', 'Murphy: By a show of hands who thought that the medical examiner photo of the injury to Mrs. Peterson was as convincing as anything else you heard in trial?', 'Friday morning at 11 a.m., four-days after getting the case, the jury announced it had reached a verdict.', 'The jury was coming in. It had a verdict. Pagers and cellphones summoned the prosecution and defense back to the courtroom.', 'Guilty:Michael Peterson guilty of bashing his wife about the head and letting her slowly bleed to death.', 'The judge asked him if he wished to say anything. Peterson turned and mouthed a silent message to each of his children.', 'Caitlin, like the jury, had not been able to get past the autopsy photos and report. When she first read it she called her step-sister Margaret immediately.', 'The sisters never spoke again. Caitlin had all her belongings removed from the house.', 'Dennis Murphy, Dateline correspondent: Do you think Michael Peterson beat your mother to death?', 'It was a storm that raged though a mansion on Cedar Street and swept away all it found there. Love and a sense of family was displaced forever by shame and a gaping horror.']