['King Albert II of Belgium announced Wednesday, July 3, that he will abdicate the throne on July 21. His son, Crown Prince Philippe, will succeed him. Here the king attends a tribute to the unknown soldier on November 11, 2012, in Brussels, Belgium.', "King Albert II shakes hands with Giacinto Berloco, the Vatican's prelate to Belgium and Luxembourg, while he and Queen Paola attend a reception at the Palais de Bruxelles on January 9 in Brussels.", "Queen Paola and King Albert II in Luxembourg after the wedding of that nation's Prince Guillaume of and Princess Stephanie on October 20, 2012. ", 'Queen Paola and King Albert II attend the National Day Parade at Place des Palais on July 21, 2011 in Brussels.', 'King Albert II and Queen Paola pose in front of the Charles Bridge and Prague Castle on October 24, 2000, in Prague, Czech Republic. ', '(CNN) -- Former Crown Prince Philippe was sworn in as king of Belgium on Sunday after his father abdicated the throne an hour before.', '"I have noticed how my age and my health have not permitted me to exercise my duties the way I would like to," the 79-year-old said in an address to the nation.', "King Philippe, 53, was educated in public schools in Belgium's two major languages, Flemish and French, and later attended the royal military academy, where he trained to be a fighter pilot.", "Belgium, which is home to the European Union capital of Brussels, has also gained a queen in Mathilde, Philippe's wife. She is the daughter of a count and countess and graduated with a degree in speech therapy.", "Albert's abdication follows that of the Netherlands' Queen Beatrice earlier this year and that of Pope Benedict XVI at the Vatican.", 'European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has praised Albert for the move.', '"I wish to express to him my sincere thanks for his tireless efforts in the service of Belgium and Europe," Barroso said in a statement.', 'Throughout his 20-year reign, Albert "has never ceased to be a staunch defender of the values that are the basis of the European construction," Barroso said.', 'The Belgian royal family has had less luck promoting cohesion within its own country, which is culturally split between ethnic Flemish Dutch people in the north, ethnic French people in the south and a small group of ethnic Germans in the east.', 'Separatist ideas have sprouted particularly in the Flemish region, which has a stronger economy.', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Incredible video shows the moment that a train derails as it hurtles around a curve in Spain,, killing dozens and injuring more than 100.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'The woman at the center of the scandal, a 23-year-old passionate about politics, once looked up to Anthony Weiner, her friend says.', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', "Pope Francis barnstorms Brazil focusing on the poor. CNN's Miguel Marquez reports.", "Dubai's Burj Khalifa has less than a year left as the world's tallest building, as China begins work on the projected 838-meter (2,749 feet) Sky City.", '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well.", 'A surprise inspection by the Centers for Disease Control has resulted in a failing grade for one of the plushest cruise ships afloat.', 'The number of dive sites inspiring that one-in-a-lifetime thrill is shrinking, but this protected island in Malaysia is a dream come true. ', '"Doctor Who" premiered in 1963. It has since aired 33 seasons, nearly 800 episodes and 11 actors portraying the Doctor over time. ']