['Comic-Con, scaling nearby hotels to swoop into a panel in the San Diego Convention Center\'s largest exhibition hall.  Andrew Garfield , who plays the web-slinging superhero in "The Amazing Spider-Man" and its forthcoming sequel, was nowhere ', 'into a basketball game with a group of kids at the P.S. 1 playground. It turns out the man behind the mask was  Andrew Garfield , who has been filming the sequel to the Hollywood blockbuster "The Amazing Spider-Man" in New York City over ', 'into a basketball game with a group of kids at the P.S. 1 playground. It turns out the man behind the mask was  Andrew Garfield , who has been filming the sequel to the Hollywood blockbuster "The Amazing Spider-Man" in New York City over ', 'For the past few weeks,  Andrew Garfield  has been filming "Spider-Man 2? in New York City alongside his real-life remarkably like Stone. So tell us in the comments below: Do you think that was  Andrew Garfield  and Emma Stone?', 'Favorite Movie Actor Johnny Depp, "Dark Shadows"  Andrew Garfield , "The Amazing Spider-Man" Zachary Gordon Buttkicker Robert Downey Jr., "Marvel\'s The Avengers"  Andrew Garfield , "The Amazing Spider-Man" Chris Hemsworth ', 'film series has earned $3.51 billion. 7. Spider-Man The four Spider-Man films, starring Tobey Maguire then  Andrew Garfield  in the most recent film, "The Amazing Spider-Man," have grossed $3.25 billion. "Only five years separate ', "Europe's Most Wanted Rock of Ages Ted That's My Boy Choice Summer Movie Star: Male Robert Downey Jr., The Avengers  Andrew Garfield , The Amazing Spider-Man Chris Hemsworth, Snow White & The Huntsman and The Avengers Adam Sandler, That's My ", 'Trueblood/Sony Pictures/AP " The Amazing Spider-Man ," Sony\'s 3D reboot of the Spider-Man franchise starring  Andrew Garfield  and Emma Stone , earned roughly $35 million when it debuted Tuesday, a record for that day of the week. It easily ', 'outcome is." Though she didn\'t talk about her relationship with "Spider-Man" co-star and now-boyfriend  Andrew Garfield  , 28, she had plenty of good things to say about his acting. "As an actor, I learned a lot from working with Andrew ', 'Borle, "Peter and the Starcatcher" Michael Cumpsty, "End of the Rainbow" Tom Edden, "One Man, Two Guvnors"  Andrew Garfield , "Arthur Miller\'s Death of a Salesman" Jeremy Shamos, "Clybourne Park" Performance by an actress in a featured ', 'to be hotter than July with the July opening of "The Amazing Spider-Man," the much-awaited reboot starring  Andrew Garfield  and Emma Stone, who are linked off-screen as well. Audiences will be looking to see how Garfield\'s Spidey stacks ', 'former. And, as if she couldn\'t get any bigger, Stone will play Spider-Man\'s love interest Gwen Stacy opposite  Andrew Garfield  in this year\'s tentpole picture, "The Amazing Spider-Man." Adepero Oduye After the shout-out Meryl Streep ', 'two-and-a-half-minute clip bills the movie as "the untold story" of Spider-Man, portrayed by "The Social Network" actor  Andrew Garfield . Much like the 2002 "Spider-Man" film that starred Tobey Maguire as the Marvel superhero, "The Amazing Spider-Man ', "But it's all about song it's on down. Expressing whatever you're feeling for a little bit in the smacked a little bit. But I'm not can take no for an answer. Have you seen the you know this doesn't the order tuning. Churchill's speech yes or mentioned Obama can not allow in this. Welcome to cover", "happy delighted to have to the stars of the social network here with this morning get up for Justin Timberlake and  Andrew Garfield  latest. And reflects what I there really be cheering because I can understand now why there's so much. Buzz about ", "social network here with this morning get up for Justin Timberlake and Andrew Garfield latest. And reflects what I -- there -- -- really be cheering because I can understand now why there's so much. Buzz ", 'basketball game watch this the best man rebounding here. Dribbling. Drives of the basket it up quite there by the way  Andrew Garfield  after the start of Spiderman and Hollywood blockbuster barely walked off the nearby. To get into the game ever breaking ', 'of the basket -- it up quite there -- by the way Andrew Garfield after the start of Spiderman and Hollywood blockbuster barely walked off the -- nearby. To get into the game ever breaking character ']