['just days before the 11th anniversary of her death.  Andrew Koenig  In February 2010, family and friends found "Growing Pains" actor  Andrew Koenig \'s body in a park in Vancouver, British Columbia ', 'series of similar stories we\'ve seen, from River Phoenix right through Brittany Murphy. Cameron also talks about  Andrew Koenig  , the 41-year-old who played his sidekick "Boner" on "Growing Pains." Koenig disappeared and and was found ', 'and movies. Below, check out the tales of ten others who ended up plagued with problems.  Andrew Koenig  While audiences probably remember  Andrew Koenig  best for his role as Richard "Boner" Stabone on the 1980s sitcom "Growing Pains," his ', 'suicide. Former "Growing Pains" actor 41-year-old  Andrew Koenig  , 40-year-old fashion designer Alexander McQueen Understand How Antidepressants Work Walter Koenig,  Andrew Koenig \'s father was apparently unaware Koenig sold or gave ', 'Andrew Koenig  may be best remembered for his role as Shatner: "My deepest sympathies to  Andrew Koenig \'s family. I will grieve with them Don\'t rationalize away anything," said  Andrew Koenig \'s mother, Judy Koenig. "Connect ', 'FOUND IN VANCOUVER - Canadian police earlier this evening said they have found a body they believe is missing actor  Andrew Koenig , son of former "Star Trek" star Walter Koenig, who disappeared earlier this month. -- HOUSE PASSES JOBLESS ', 'missing "Growing Pains" actor  Andrew Koenig  \'s body in a Vancouver, British rationalize away anything," added  Andrew Koenig \'s mother, Judy Koenig. "Connect Thursday evening memorialized  Andrew Koenig  as an "actor, director, writer ', 'Andrew Koenig \'s family made a public plea for the "Growing Pains" actor\'s safe reason unbeknownst to anyone, Walter Koenig, the father of the missing  Andrew Koenig , and Judy Levin-Koenig... left the studio in Vancouver," King ', 'stars from 1980s TV who ended up plagued with problems.  Andrew Koenig  In February, family and friends found "Growing Pains" actor  Andrew Koenig \'s body in a Vancouver, British Columbia park, after ', "Andrew Koenig  , Dana Plato, Gary Coleman, MacKenzie Phillips: Growing pains, indeed other child stars from 1980s TV who ended up plagued with problems.  Andrew Koenig  The '80s made him a star, but Koenig may not want any part of it ", '" Growing Pains " actor  Andrew Koenig  is missing, and according to has occurred to me." Police:  Andrew Koenig  \'Despondent\' According to police returned Monday. Stars Publicize  Andrew Koenig  Search Through Twitter Hollywood ', "Father Fears for Missing 'Growing Pains' Actor Andrew Koenig ; Police Believe He May be Lying Low", 'The father of missing actor  Andrew Koenig  fears his son\'s bouts of depression to call 911." Stars Publicize  Andrew Koenig  Search Through Twitter Hollywood SarahKSilverman) tweeted, " ANDREW KOENIG  was last seen in VANCOUVER on ', 'Well the parents of Andrew are making an emotional plea for help in finding the missing after. The growing for the former rather growing pains star was last seen eleven days ago in Vancouver. Our David Muir has the very latest on the search. We just want to know that your Andrew parents are', 'Searchers in Vancouver have found the body of missing actor Andrew his parents delivered the sad news. son took his own it was best known for his role as boulder in the eighties sitcom growing pains He had been missing for nearly two week. body was discovered in the park by family and friends that', 'breath away. It is is it it was such a 12 punch because  Andrew Koenig  had also. Taken his life. Only. Several days before end like this is just tragic. The body of 41 year old  Andrew Koenig  was discovered in a park in Vancouver. Did you get ', "away. It is is it it was such a 12 punch because Andrew Koenig had also. Taken his life. Only. Several days before this you know He was someone's little boy. And to see this come to an end like this is just tragic. The body of 41 year old Andrew Koenig was discovered in a park in Vancouver. Did you get lucky with that -- -- -- but He got. When He played "]