["happy delighted to have to the stars of the social network here with this morning get up for Justin Timberlake and  Andrew Garfield  latest. And reflects what I there really be cheering because I can understand now why there's so much. Buzz about ", "social network here with this morning get up for Justin Timberlake and Andrew Garfield latest. And reflects what I -- there -- -- really be cheering because I can understand now why there's so much. Buzz ", 'basketball game watch this the best man rebounding here. Dribbling. Drives of the basket it up quite there by the way  Andrew Garfield  after the start of Spiderman and Hollywood blockbuster barely walked off the nearby. To get into the game ever breaking ', 'of the basket -- it up quite there -- by the way Andrew Garfield after the start of Spiderman and Hollywood blockbuster barely walked off the -- nearby. To get into the game ever breaking character ', "she made it with according to this source or whatever and she's dating her Leading man from Spiderman right now  Andrew Garfield  as she's known as being very kind of private SARS is still didn't think this is sixty about their clearly would ", "whatever and she's dating her -- Leading man from Spiderman right now Andrew Garfield as she's known as being very kind of private SARS is still didn't think this is sixty about their clearly would not. ", 'certainly looks like they are, in fact, a couple. And we move on, now, in "pop news." We love emma stone and  andrew garfield . This is the couple edition of "pop news." The power couple eating lunch on saturday, when they heard that photographers ', 'we move on, now, in "pop news." We love emma stone and andrew garfield . This is the couple edition of "pop news." The power couple eating lunch on saturday, when they heard that photographers were waiting ', "Superhero done if you haven't been part of the marvel fun this is the best way to get in the leaves are very appealing.  Andrew Garfield  even if they are a little old there appeal transcends their which is something we're all shooting for. And that ", "is the best way to get in the leaves are very appealing. Andrew Garfield even if they are a little old there appeal transcends their -- which is something we're all shooting for. And that. If ", "happening at the movies and yesterday Carey Mulligan and  Andrew Garfield . Have happenings everywhere. They have a movie called really does nothing to do it. Yeah. Carey Mulligan  Andrew Garfield  welcome to popcorn it's great to have the be here ", "you what's happening at the movies and -- yesterday Carey Mulligan and Andrew Garfield . Have happenings everywhere. They have a movie called never let me go. Andrew himself is going to be the new Spider-Man and ", "scared -- there's really does nothing to do it. Yeah. Carey Mulligan Andrew Garfield welcome to popcorn it's great to have the -- be here I wanna start this thing off by having you describe who ", "Hey  Andrew Garfield  is going to be the new Spider-Man and I know you're saying who is  Andrew Garfield . And all night. But that's him part of that is Spider-Man but.  Andrew Garfield  is and he's got an interesting that ", "Hey Andrew Garfield is going to be the new Spider-Man and I know you're saying who is Andrew Garfield . And -- all night. But that's him right there they're rebooting the series you know that Tobey Maguire and the director couldn't come to terms and so they're not going to be part of that is Spider-Man but. Andrew Garfield is and he's got an interesting that resonate you have seated before if -- seen. The imaginary name of doctor part masses ", "yourself that you know all about that very. You're not on FaceBook Justin Timberlake was here was in the moving  Andrew Garfield  in the movie he was here earlier none you guys are on FaceBook. Great hope for in the movies and FaceBook. You're ", "You're not on FaceBook Justin Timberlake was here was in the moving Andrew Garfield -- in the movie he was here earlier none -- you guys are on FaceBook. Great hope for in the movies and ", "just like Othello and then Races this is pop culture yet again. And I really didn't and today I want to do this  Andrew Garfield  is not here to defend himself but he was here so I can pretend with he's still really. His character water separated ", "I really didn't -- -- and today I want to do this Andrew Garfield is not here to defend himself but he was here so I can pretend -- with he's still really. His character water "]