['Searchers in Vancouver have found the body of missing actor Andrew his parents delivered the sad news. son took his own it was best known for his role as boulder in the eighties sitcom growing pains He had been missing for nearly two week. body was discovered in the park by family and friends that', 'breath away. It is is it it was such a 12 punch because  Andrew Koenig  had also. Taken his life. Only. Several days before end like this is just tragic. The body of 41 year old  Andrew Koenig  was discovered in a park in Vancouver. Did you get ', "away. It is is it it was such a 12 punch because Andrew Koenig had also. Taken his life. Only. Several days before this you know He was someone's little boy. And to see this come to an end like this is just tragic. The body of 41 year old Andrew Koenig was discovered in a park in Vancouver. Did you get lucky with that -- -- -- but He got. When He played ", 'breath away. It it if it was such a 12 punch because  Andrew Koenig  had also. Taken his life. Only. Several days before end like this is just tragic. The body of 41 year old  Andrew Koenig  was discovered in a park in Vancouver. Did you get ', "away. It -- it if it was such a 12 punch because Andrew Koenig had also. Taken his life. Only. Several days before this you know He was someone's little boy. And to see this come to an end like this is just tragic. The body of 41 year old Andrew Koenig was discovered in a park in Vancouver. Did you get lucky with that -- -- -- but He got. -- played the ", 'breath away. It it if it was such a 12 punch because  Andrew Koenig  had also. Taken his life. Only. Several days before end like this is just tragic. The body of 41 year old  Andrew Koenig  was discovered in park in Vancouver. Did you get lucky ', "away. It -- it if it was such a 12 punch because Andrew Koenig had also. Taken his life. Only. Several days before this you know He was someone's little boy. And to see this come to an end like this is just tragic. The body of 41 year old Andrew Koenig was discovered in -- park in Vancouver. Did you get lucky with that -- -- -- but He got. -- played the ", 'feels so much sought for everybody was doing. this and that. death comes on the heels of this suicide last month of  Andrew Koenig . Best known as Boehner from growing pains and the accidental death late last year of Brittany Murphy from multiple ', '-- death comes on the heels of this suicide last month of Andrew Koenig . Best known as Boehner from growing pains and the accidental death late last year of Brittany Murphy from multiple drug intoxication and ', "danger of being a burnt out child star. There has been the spate of tragedy surrounding. Child stars Corey payment  Andrew Koenig  is there curse I don't think there's a of the child star because I think any cross section of a demographic. Whether ", "There has been the spate of tragedy surrounding. Child stars Corey payment Andrew Koenig is there curse I don't think there's a -- of the child star because I think any cross section of a demographic. "]