['organizations and people, and it points a finger at a number of prominent Latinos. Benjamin Bratt, Gloria Estefan,  Andy Garcia , John Leguizamo, Martin Sheen and Geraldo Rivera are all on the list . Interestingly, while last names were given ', 'including renaming the show to "Jimmy Kimmel Sucks." Kimmel\'s trusted sidekick, Guillermo, was replaced by  Andy Garcia , who continued to speak in Guillermo\'s broken-English accent. "There\'s a new host in town and his initials ', "m. Investigators later identified the woman as Taylor's girlfriend, Jackie Garcia. Garcia is the niece of actor  Andy Garcia  and the mother of Taylor's daughter, also named Jackie. Monday's break-in was at least the second for Taylor ", 'Ellen Barkin, Bernie Mack, Casey Affleck, Scott Caan, Elliott Gould, Shaobo Quin, Don Cheadle, Eddie Jemison,  Andy Garcia , Scott L. Schwartz and Carl Reiner Directed by: Steven Soderbergh Release Date: June 8 Synopsis: What are the odds ', 'all over Atlanta. Thousands of posters were printed. Luis Melendi reached out through friends to Cuban-born actor  Andy Garcia  and pro football and baseball player Bo Jackson. Both taped public service announcements seeking help in finding his ', "It's taken 16 years for  Andy Garcia  to realize his dream of making cigars. Now, 45 years later,  Andy Garcia  has more than 40 films under his surely be the music. Who knew that  Andy Garcia  is an accomplished musician? He ", 'he said. "It\'s unbelievable. Everything has changed." Lopez is playing golf, joking around with his pals  Andy Garcia  and Cheech Marin, and even entertaining well-wishers during lunch. Before the surgery, his health was failing ', 'Ballroom. And George Clooney and company use the diversion to steal $160 million. Now it\'s three years later, and  Andy Garcia  wants it back. Or else. In "Eleven," Brad Pitt is unattached. In "Twelve," he has a girl: Catherine Zeta-Jones ', 'at the box office. Six of "Ocean\'s" stars -- George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Catherine Zeta-Jones,  Andy Garcia  and Don Cheadle -- recently sat down with ABC News\' Diane Sawyer for an exclusive interview about family, fame and ', "heists of three casinos in one night. It's due to hit theaters Dec. 10. Brad Pitt, George Clooney, Matt Damon,  Andy Garcia , Catherine Zeta-Jones and Don Cheadle were all eager to chime in on a topic they have in common: being famous ", 'considered a dead ringer for Bob Woodward, Emma Thompson for Hillary Clinton, Dustin Hoffman for Carl Bernstein, and  Andy Garcia  for Al Franken. Typically, Republicans are played by hard-boiled B-list types whose only other roles are as cruel ', '23-year-old Ford. Shepherd recently turned out for an early screening of The Last Goodbye, along with Faye Dunaway and  Andy Garcia , whose daughter Dominique appears in the film, and cult figure Harry Dean Stanton, whose niece and nephew have roles ', 'Glengarry Glen Ross, and Confidence has all the ingredients Hoffman cast against character, Norton as smarmy as ever,  Andy Garcia  as a disheveled FBI agent, and an ensemble featuring Rachel Weisz, Paul Giamatti and Luis Guzman as a heroin-dealing ', "tonight's program. First the actor  Andy Garcia . Several years since the Hollywood Hemisphere. And that's what  Andy Garcia  remembers of his homeland as well labor of love secondly. We met  Andy Garcia  and his home in Miami talk about ", "also take a special look ahead at tonight's program. First the actor Andy Garcia . Several years since the Hollywood heartthrob hit the Hollywood aim list with his Oscar nomination for the godfather part three. Now after ", "high society that rivaled anything in the Western Hemisphere. And that's what Andy Garcia remembers of his homeland as well. -- the fifties it to me was like the last of the elegant and are all ", "for the nation's armed with this labor of love secondly. We met Andy Garcia and his home in Miami talk about the things. A -- -- the culture news and politics of Cuba. Auto biographical as ", "And music is also a big part of  Andy Garcia 's new film he stars in his own during Fidel Castro's revolution.  Andy Garcia  has been working on this film for happening. And I sat down with  Andy Garcia  this week to talk about the political ", "And music is also a big part of Andy Garcia's new film he stars in his own directing debut the lost city. The film is about his native Cuba during Fidel Castro's revolution. Andy Garcia has been working on this film for almost twenty years finally he got the financing and release the picture as an independent ", "it was becoming a place. What's happening. And I sat down with Andy Garcia this week to talk about the political backdrop in his film and the politics of Cuban exiles. For example who can forget the Elian Gonzales fiasco. Thousands of protesters gathered amongst them Andy Garcia who petitioned authorities to keep and then six year old Elian in the US. Although his father was in Cuba. I asked Andy Garcia -- of this so if the credibility of Cuban exiles was hurt by the Elian affair. Yes I think they do the ", "of his educational process. And that was a part of -- with Andy Garcia . We talked all about the lost city his new film but we also talked about the politics off the screen as well. Like Cuban exile Luis posada was currently in US custody. He is accused of planning the bombing of a passenger plane in 1976. A Cuban jet it took off from Venezuela -- nearly eighty passengers were killed. So I asked Andy Garcia and exile himself and someone who's often. Politically outspoken if the US should meet the demands of Venezuela and Cuba and extradite ", "look. Ladies and gentlemen, I took the liberty of hiring my own guillermo. So, please welcome legendary actor,  andy garcia . Why don't you say hello to the new band leader? This is sheryl crow. I have to tell you, I'm loving the show ", "the liberty of hiring my own guillermo. So, please welcome legendary actor, andy garcia . Why don't you say hello to the new band leader? This is sheryl crow. I have to tell you, I'm loving the ", "bit about news because. You know how much let the man. That was a performance that is. 180 degrees from four. You  Andy Garcia  and what I still remember you're sitting this thing wins he's asking it makes them think special but. Balloons ", "That was a performance that is. -- 180 degrees from four. You Andy Garcia and what I still remember you're sitting this thing wins he's asking it makes them think special but. Balloons and you -- ", "Are that's in Spanish. From greater glory I have to do here in the states at three in Mexico this past week with  Andy Garcia  Aaron Peter O'Toole and and in the nineteen there was a a war. In Mexico that when the government outlawed religion ", "here in the states at three in Mexico this past week with Andy Garcia Aaron Peter O'Toole and and in the nineteen -- there was a a war. In Mexico that when the government outlawed religion. ", "tried to build the Bellagio. Ocean's eleven they made off with 150. Million dollars from the Bellagio. In need  Andy Garcia . Very angry and find. But that's a good intricate plan eleven guys in almost atomic device and an actor back. In ", "they made off with 150. Million dollars from the Bellagio. In need Andy Garcia . Very angry and find. But that's a good intricate plan eleven guys in almost atomic device and an actor back. In real ", 'Really emotion and imagine and them and Lycos. Group of friends and Richard Cohen. There is set that kill her and  Andy Garcia . How would cast yet totally different here from onto yes we are at a time. OE is a menu other yeah yeah. Yeah and ', 'of friends and Richard Cohen. There is set that kill her and Andy Garcia . How would cast yet totally different here from onto yes we are at a time. OE is a menu -- other -- ']