["Tracking down terrorists no longer the CIA is only priority the US Intel agency now investing in -- -- and ways to change it.  Why Alex bears though is -- editor -- real clear science and co author of science left behind joins us from Washington State today Alex good morning.  Hey good morning.  CIA spending 630000.  Dollars trying to do.  Well there are looking into something called climate.  Engineering or geo engineering which is a way to.  Manipulate the climate to mitigate the effects of global warming so they are looking at now -- they they think is warming up and they think that maybe this might pull the national security threat in the form of exacerbating water shortages the -- causing more regional instability in places like tar four or in India Pakistan region in the Kashmir regions they wanna find ways of mitigating climate change.  And they're investigating are -- possible ways of doing -- okay do you see a connection there between the CIA and and this guy.  Well -- you know I think that it's sort of something certainly worth researching scientists have been researching this for have been thinking about this for quite some time -- two general ways of engineering the climate.  What it's called solar radiation management which is putting particles in the atmosphere it's -- you think of the volcano volcano explodes.  And it releases particles that -- -- the -- -- one way you can put a balloon up in the atmosphere in spring particles.  And then another way would be to possibly.  Bring down carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere in a process called carbon capture and storage they're going to be investigating both of those and they are.  They're basically funding research by the National Academy of Sciences.  OK so -- -- not trying to control the weather we've tried that before and it doesn't really work but they're trying to impact climate change.  So the CIA's in the climate change business so.  Well I like if I think that they're thinking of -- from national security standpoint because they want to have a lot of schools -- the arsenal in case.  In case climate change is as bad as some scientists believe -- is they wanna have a way of mitigating it.  And so they're thinking you know if if sea levels are going to rise what what national security implications that have.  If it exacerbates you know food shortages -- water shortages -- cause instability in parts of the world which might backfire on us.  So they're thinking about -- in terms of long term national security.  Great -- December you told one of our producers at this point it's pretty doubtful this is a viable terror threat.  Right now.  I don't see than the -- I don't see the CIA.  Eight.  Movie go into Steve's stuff all right -- Alex -- so join us today from wet from Washington State's Alex thank you.  Thank you for having me on -- -- "]