["Nations is celebrating an ailing Nelson Mandela's 95th birthday. Former President Bill Clinton,  civil rights leader  the  Rev .  Jesse Jackson  and other dignitaries are honoring South Africa's first black president. Clinton says Mandela's ", 'an earlier protest with beanbag rounds, police closed streets Sunday. President Barack Obama, Sharpton and the  Rev .  Jesse Jackson  have urged calm. In Oakland, Calif., during protests that began late Saturday night, some angry demonstrators ', 'that make a generalization that racism is still strong," protester Billy Dodd said. Civil rights activist the  Rev .  Jesse Jackson  said people need to keep the pressure on for justice. Trayvon Martin Family in \'Disbelief\' Over Verdict, Family ', 'are with us and who will be with us so we together can make sure that this doesn\'t happen again," he said.  Rev .  Jesse Jackson  tweeted that the "American legal system has once again failed justice," but urged his followers to "avoid violence ', 'Network and Smithfield ham, who severed ties with her, she also expressed gratitude to supporters, including  Rev .  Jesse Jackson  and QVC, with whom she has a business deal. She said that she does not regret telling the truth when asked whether ', 'forfeiture of $750,000 for former Rep.  Jesse Jackson  Jr. of Illinois. U.S. Attorney Ronald South Side and southeast suburbs. The son of  civil rights leader Jesse Jackson , Jackson Jr. mysteriously left Congress in ', 'Pictures/Getty Images  Civil rights leader  Andrew Young, left after the assassination of  civil rights leader  Martin Luther King Jr in Chicago, American  civil rights leader  the  Rev .  Jesse Jackson  holds a copy of the Daily ', 'Congress could have developed a better record." In the audience were prominent civil rights activists. including the  Rev .  Jesse Jackson , the Rev. Al Sharpton and Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga.. Protesters gathered on the steps outside the court before ', 'to vote, said Lewis. "The Voting Rights Act without Section 5 amounts to an abused Indian treaty," continued  Rev .  Jesse Jackson . Following oral arguments, Martin Luther King III, son of Martin Luther King Jr., made a different point ', 'Former Rep.  Jesse Jackson  Jr. could face years in jail after being formally charged bipolar disorder last year. The congressman, the son of  civil rights leader Jesse Jackson , first left Congress abruptly in June to seek treatment ', "Valerie Jarrett. Each claims the city as their hometown, although none spoke during the morning service. The  Rev .  Jesse Jackson  was also seen. Pendleton's mother, Cleopatra Cowley, is expected to be a guest of honor during President Obama's ", 'CHICAGO -- Former Illinois congressman  Jesse Jackson  Jr. has reached a plea agreement in connection disorder. Last June, Jackson, the son of  civil rights leader Jesse Jackson , suddenly left Congress to seek treatment ', 'and combat crimes motivated by hatred has never been stronger." (Source: New York Magazine , 08/10/2012)  Rev .  Jesse Jackson  : "It\'s easy to be polite to say \'We\'re so sorry this happened\' and give the same speech at the next killing ', "It is our honor to be down. By the  reverend Jesse Jackson . Have a great night so what do the iconic at the opening of the fuel pump out of all the time that you're running down your ", 'It is our honor to be -- down. By the reverend Jesse Jackson . Have a great night so what do the iconic -- at the opening of the fuel pump out of all the time ', 'your ground law is abolished in florida, I will never perform there again. Reporter: A now, later today, the  reverend jesse jackson  and al sharpton, will speak at an naacp convention in orlando. Sharpton is calling for a nationwide rally in ', 'I will never perform there again. Reporter: A now, later today, the reverend jesse jackson and al sharpton, will speak at an naacp convention in orlando. Sharpton is calling for a nationwide rally in 100 cities this ', "rights movement black and white who. Long dreamed about this moment. I talked to one of them just moments ago  reverend Jesse Jackson . Reverend Jackson thank you very much more they are getting happen to get much sleep last night not much I couldn't ", "about this moment. I talked to one of them just moments ago reverend Jesse Jackson . Reverend Jackson thank you very much more they are getting happen to get much sleep last night not much I couldn't sleep. ", "and the vice president review the troops we're joined here. our at the museum. Pennsylvania Avenue by the  reverend Jesse Jackson  who was with us and them. We saw tears in your eyes on the night of the election more today. Well they I about ", '-- our -- at the museum. -- -- Pennsylvania Avenue by the reverend Jesse Jackson who was with us and them. We saw tears in your eyes on the night of the election -- -- more today. ', 'of fortune for former congressman  jesse jackson  jr. Mree pleads guilty to lavish thomas. Reporter: Today, congressman  jesse jackson , jr. Left court in disgrace, breaking Reporter: The son of the iconic  civil rights leader , and one-time presidential candidate ', "dramatic turn in the wheel of fortune for former congressman jesse jackson jr. Mree pleads guilty to lavish abuse of campaign money and offering a tearful apology to his famous father. Here's abc's seen yonior justice correspondent pierre thomas. Reporter: Today, congressman jesse jackson , jr. Left court in disgrace, breaking months of silence. It's not a proud day. I'm sorry I let everybody down. Reporter: The son of the iconic civil rights leader , and one-time presidential candidate, had been a rising star. Even speaking at the 2008 democratic national convention. But today, jackson was in ", 'Jesse Jackson  is once again apologizing for controversial comment. It happened during that same appearance on fox which Jackson accused Barack ', 'Jesse Jackson is once again apologizing for controversial comment. It happened during that same appearance on fox which Jackson accused Barack Obama of talking ']