['ZIMMERMAN ACQUITTAL RIPPLES THROUGH  NAACP  CONVENTION. Gathering in Florida Trayvon Martin, speakers at the  NAACP \'s national convention turned file charges. Crump thanked  NAACP  president  Benjamin Jealous  for calling for the DOJ "to ', 'Trayvon Martin, speakers at the  NAACP \'s national convention have With Book Agent Crump thanked  NAACP  president  Benjamin Jealous  for calling for the DOJ "to and a moment is sacrifice."  NAACP  president Jealous began his address ', 'Rodney King police beating case two decades ago.  NAACP  President  Benjamin Todd Jealous  concurred and started a petition calling for federal Holder may address the matter when he talks to  NAACP  members Tuesday at their national convention ', 'an effort to convict defendants who have previously been acquitted in related state cases. On Sunday,  NAACP  President  Benjamin Todd Jealous  started a petition calling for the Justice Department to open a civil rights case against Zimmerman for ', 'in Oakland, Calif. Following the verdict, the  NAACP  is pressuring the Department of Justice to prosecute racial profiling in all its forms is outlawed,"  NAACP  President  Benjamin Jealous  said in a statement, according to ABC News. Zimmerman\'s ', 'Martin. Rapper Young Jeezy released a song in Martin\'s memory and Russell Simmons called for peace.  NAACP  President  Benjamin Todd Jealous  started a petition calling for the Justice Department to open a civil rights case against Zimmerman. "The ', 'The  NAACP  was "outraged" over the not-guilty verdict in the George Zimmerman We are outraged and heartbroken over today\'s verdict,"  NAACP  President  Benjamin Jealous  said in a statement. "We will pursue civil rights charges with ', 'keynote speaker at the rally,  Benjamin Jealous , comes from a different civil the president and CEO of the  NAACP , an organization that has tensions, groups like the  NAACP  are now at the vanguard of statement on Wednesday. "The  NAACP  has been on the front line ', 'Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) lauded the decision, they there is more work to do.  NAACP  President and CEO  Benjamin Todd Jealous  pointed out to the Associated rights groups, including the  NAACP  and a group of Latino advocacy ', 'of a racial entitlement." "I will not dignify Justice Scalia\'s comment by repeating it," said  NAACP  President and CEO  Benjamin Jealous . "But let us be very clear. The protection of the right to vote is an American entitlement. It is ', 'Tyler Perry, Al Sharpton, NAACP  Tout $100K Reward in Florida Missing Persons Cases', 'Thursday, movie mogul Tyler Perry, the Rev. Al Sharpton and  NAACP  president  Ben Jealous  announced as much as $100,000 in rewards for information into a live case is turn up the heat," said Jealous. "The  NAACP  has not forgotten about Mr. Williams, Mr. Santos and this ', 'Speaking before the  NAACP , Attorney General Eric Holder say such laws are racist.  Benjamin Todd Jealous , the CEO and president of saying, "Simply put, the  NAACP  will never stand by as any Romney will speak before the  NAACP  on Wednesday. Jealous, who ', 'Human Rights President and CEO Wade Henderson, National Action Network President Rev. Al Sharpton and  NAACP  President and CEO  Benjamin Jealous . And then there is this: Rielle Hunter\'s memoir, "What Really Happened: John Edwards, Our Daughter ', "manslaughter. To just reignite the debate over the highly controversial stand your ground We've seen the head of the  NAACP Benjamin Jealous  come over said he didn't continue to fight for repeal. Of those laws in the states in this morning and members ", "controversial stand your ground -- -- We've seen the head of the NAACP Benjamin Jealous come -- over -- said he didn't continue to fight for repeal. Of those laws in the states in this morning and ", "After encounters with the same sheriff's deputy in South Florida. Perry was joined by the Reverend Al Sharpton and  NAACP . President  Ben jealous  in making his announcement. Parish and the happening sufficient attention to those cases involving minorities.", 'in South Florida. Perry was joined by the Reverend Al Sharpton and NAACP . President Ben jealous in making his announcement. Parish and the -- happening sufficient attention to those cases involving minorities. ', 'scheduled history. and other civil rights leaders. To discuss the pressing problems of unemployment. Reverend Sharpton.  Ben jealous  the  NAACP . Marc Morial. The national certainly. We discovered that Washington. It was about to blank yet by the worst blizzard ', 'civil rights leaders. To discuss the pressing problems of unemployment. Reverend Sharpton. Ben jealous the NAACP . Marc Morial. The national certainly. We discovered that Washington. It was about to -- blank yet by the worst blizzard. -- -- ']