["The daughter of  Rev .  Jeremiah Wright , President Obama's controversial immediately be reached for comment.  Rev .  Jeremiah Wright : US to Blame for 9/11 In anti-American comments made by  Rev .  Jeremiah Wright  during his sermons at Trinity ", 'Conference. In it Obama speaks in a Southern preacher-style accent and refers to his controversial former pastor  Rev .  Jeremiah Wright  as "a friend and a great leader." He calls into question the federal government\'s response to Hurricane Katrina ', 'for the campaign that was revealed when failed plans for a super PAC ad featuring Obama\'s former pastor  Reverend Jeremiah Wright  were published in the New York Times. "We\'re confident that when people see the full context of the remarks ', '5-year-old speech during which then-Sen. Obama gives a friendly shout-out to his controversial former pastor,  Rev .  Jeremiah Wright , who is in the audience, and goes on to question, in a departure from his prepared statement, the lack of ', "suggesting the federal government discriminated against the victims of Hurricane Katrina and praising the controversial pastor  Jeremiah Wright . The speech was covered five years ago, but not all of Obama's remarks. The Daily Caller posted the entire speech online ", 'Full 2007 Video of Obama Emerges of Then-Senator Obama Claiming Federal Discrimination Against New Orleans', 'clips of a five-year-old speech in which then-Senator Barack Obama praised his controversial former pastor,  Rev .  Jeremiah Wright , and suggested the federal government discriminated against the victims of Hurricane Katrina. "I\'ve got to ', "of Louis Farrakhan and the  Reverend Jeremiah Wright . Citing Frederick Law Olmstead's insane racist preacher,  Jeremiah Wright , Obama said that we need condescension to black racists like  Reverend Wright  is insulting and creates ", "of them have one thing in common: candidate skill. It's what got Bill Clinton through Paula Jones and Obama through  Jeremiah Wright . Romney, however, just doesn't have those kinds of skills. A speech, a press conference or series of rallies isn't ", 'record at Bain Capital "nauseating." "Enough is enough. Stop attacking private equity," Booker said. "Stop attacking  Jeremiah Wright ." The Wright remark especially upset the Obama team, which felt Booker had implied an equivalence between Republican ', 'being specific on economic policy, he hasn\'t gone after Obama in the style of Palin circa 2008, when Bill Ayers and  Jeremiah Wright  were central figures. "Under this president, we\'ve seen a record 41 straight months of unemployment over 8 percent ', "shares Christian conviction concerning homosexuality just because he is a Mormon. ... Barack Hussein Obama ... sat in  Jeremiah Wright 's church for years, did not hold a public ceremony to mark the National Day of Prayer, and is a liberal who supports ", 'June unemployment rate out Friday, plus more to watch for this weekend in politics', "Romney's vacation comes to an end on Sunday when he attends New York fundraisers in The Hamptons. Meanwhile, the  Rev .  Jeremiah Wright , Obama's former pastor, will be in Washington Sunday to give a sermon at the Florida Avenue Baptist Church ", "who does not vote or writes in a name is casting a vote for Romney's opponent, Barack Hussein Obama - a man who sat in  Jeremiah Wright 's church for years, did not hold a public ceremony to mark the National Day of Prayer, and is a liberal who supports ", "remind you your kids to put it Teddy bear on your laps when you're getting and the drama ultimately is near exit I think  Reverend Wright  and I think it'll all be remembered that the fifteen year old from Tennessee with an enormous enormous heart. And other ", "the -- -- -- drama ultimately is -- near exit I think Reverend Wright and I think it'll all be remembered -- -- -- -- -- that the fifteen year old from Tennessee with an enormous ", "pastor has been  reverend Jeremiah Wright . The man who perform audacity of hope.  Reverend Wright  has built a large and his strong  Reverend Wright  can be a mesmerizing sought to play down  reverend Wright 's overall approach ", "same church in Chicago for twenty years for his pastor has been reverend Jeremiah Wright The man who perform the Obama's marriage ceremony. And the man Obama credits for the title of his book the audacity of hope. Reverend Wright has built a large and loyal following at his church. The Trinity United Church of Christ on Chicago's south side. With a powerful voice and his strong -- Reverend Wright can be a mesmerizing presence game. -- -- He often uses the gospel to affirm his strong political views as in this ", "had to know He wouldn't even have  Reverend Wright . As announcement ceremony last year understood. That would hope that what  Reverend Wright  was saying was often outrageous controversy the controversial remarks that.  Reverend Wright  made I don't believe. Should be ", "know things that obviously He had to know He wouldn't even have Reverend Wright . As announcement ceremony last year in Springfield when He was -- -- running for president He understood. That would hope that what Reverend Wright was saying was often outrageous. And racist statement. All right Donna Brazil trying to distance himself from what -- new according to -- Well I think is a distraction to senator Obama's campaign sent Obama isn't -- very heated attracting. Race right now what you leads in pledged delegates and He is trying to bring about change talk about the economy jobs -- this country. And the controversy the controversial remarks that. Reverend Wright made I don't believe. Should be injected in such a way in his campaign -- Now only distort reverend Wright's career He has -- this -- what he's has always good war. And what many black features stand -- each and every ", "And the black church has been in that tradition where. Where's the Reverend Wright has gone way overboard is when you start -- -- the United States that's not part of that tradition where He starts off making lewd comments about Bill Clinton and Bill Clinton's relationship to the black community is like -- relationship. -- look this is. Stop it it has nothing to do. With what Barack Obama represented Barack Obama is the fruit of a generation he's the closest black people -- had to someone being -- the United States. And all of a sudden now here is Reverend Wright . So I did the band or legitimize these awful statements that I think at that -- bouncing in -- racial tension. At a time when Barack Obama his background gives him the unique proposition to say. I can get us past this racial -- -- Single out one thing that I think a lot of people around the country heard and that was. -- -- you with your political astute -- have to know does have political repercussions it was right after 9/11. And Reverend Wright came out to talk about what He thought was at least -- trip that they -- had contributed to -- let's listen. ", "if all we're gonna do -- ask Senator Obama to talk about Reverend Wright then we'll never get back to the issues the economy jobs. -- it for closes that's what the American people are hungry for. Rhetoric. What ever enter the church just -- -- -- out of context a couple of statement a few statements by a man -- a long history of years in the poll but. You see I just don't think it's believable and and I think for Barack Obama to get back on track I think people have to be honest when the church says -- this is an attack on Reverend Wright were attacked. On the black church. People know that's not true and keeps it all. You know He never heard this He wasn't in the -- that they -- Reverend Wright Reverend Wright is famous nationwide for being a controversial and powerful preacher. And he's also famous for being a healing force at times but the fact is Reverend Wright is known to make these kind of statements Barack Obama is a smart guy He knows what Reverend Wright but He. Found it. To his advantage to be associated with Reverend Wright at certain points in his career when He was trying to develop an identity in the black community. Now he's trying to ", "I've given what  Reverend Wright  has said over the years much clear that He disagrees with  Reverend Wright  on a number of the specific issues on here when people hear what  Reverend Wright  has to say. They may be concerned ", "I've given what Reverend Wright has said over the years much of which would be considered over the line. Politically should Senator Obama separate himself from the reverend who He calls his spiritual guide. I think senator Obama's very clear that He disagrees with Reverend Wright on a number of the specific issues you've just shown in this story. -- it's unfair to hold any politician to the ", "he's the same dynamic that's going on here when people hear what Reverend Wright has to say. They may be concerned. That that is the spiritual advisor for Senator Obama. How do you respond to that. ", "and no matter what you think of the  Reverend Wright  this is a big deal for the Obama campaign obviously whatever relationship I had with  Reverend Wright . Has changed. As a consequence that's Obama that seems to have clinched it.  Reverend Wright  thinks that. That's political posturing ", "moments of his life and no matter what you think of the Reverend Wright this is a big deal for the Obama campaign. But also you have to believe for Barack Obama as a person. Imagine having to publicly denounce the minister who married you who baptized your kids. Who prayed with you the day you announced your candidacy for president obviously whatever relationship I had with Reverend Wright . Has changed. As a consequence that's the right left Obama little choice Wright's appearance Monday at the National Press Club was in ", "because he's a politician for Obama that seems to have clinched it. Reverend Wright thinks that. That's political posturing as He put -- that He doesn't know me very. And based on his remarks yesterday. Well ", "lot of folks in that congregation who have fond feelings for the Reverend Wright . Did I'm curious you covered the campaign. Every day and Barack Obama has been very measured ever since that Philadelphia speech that ", "The controversy began after Good Morning America and Brian Ross looked at  reverend Wright 's more fiery sermons the. Women giving him the bill committed. I go off and do more about the god bless America not at all ", "The controversy began after Good Morning America and Brian Ross looked at reverend Wright's more fiery sermons the. Women giving him the bill -- committed. I go off and do more about the -- god bless ", "Council's. Listen to my complain about And a great leader. Not just in the Arnold tank helicopters over please but it. Give. An extraordinary. Welcome to my does not  Jeremiah Wright  we're. And let them. That's him right there.", "-- but it. Give. An extraordinary. Welcome to my -- does not Jeremiah Wright -- we're. And let them. That's him right there. -- -- "]