['every major city to dwarf the Rodney King and the  Martin Luther King  riots," wrote former police officer Paul Huebl of African-Americans and the assassination of  Martin Luther King . The \'60s riots sprang from a sense of deep frustration ', "DISAPPEARING FROM MLK MEMORIAL. Starting this week, contractors will begin removing a controversial quote from the  Martin Luther King  Memorial, just in time for the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, ABC's ALISA WIERSEMA notes. The ", 'Applewhite/AP Photo) WASHINGTON - Starting this week, contractors will begin removing a controversial quote from the  Martin Luther King  Memorial, just in time for the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington. The inscription in question, which ', 'equality: Richard B. Russell was a Georgia governor and U.S. senator elected in the Jim Crow South; The  Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr . is the face of African-Americans\' civil rights movement. "What\'s so frightening about a black man in ', 'couldn\'t say is that this country is almost retarded when it comes to dealing with race." She remembered how  Martin Luther King ,  Jr . wrote about integration as the answer to America\'s racial problems. "Well guess what?" she said. "We ', 'The National Park Service says it will begin work next week to remove a disputed inscription from the  Martin Luther King Jr . Memorial. Contractors will start working on Monday to build scaffolding and get equipment in place. Then ', 'The National Park Service says it will begin work next week to remove a disputed inscription from the  Martin Luther King Jr . Memorial. Contractors will start working on Monday to build scaffolding and get equipment in place. Then ', 'Dwight Eisenhower\'s decision to use federal troops to integrate Central High School in Little Rock, Ark., and  Martin Luther King Jr .\'s crusade against segregation. "Was Frankfurter right? That\'s something that is much debated, much debated ', 'A doctored photo showing  Dr .  Martin Luther King ,  Jr ., draped in a hooded sweatshirt reminiscent and saddened to see the message of my uncle  Dr .  Martin Luther King ,  Jr ., reduced to a debate over an article of clothing ', 'can\'t we all just get along!" Trayvon Hoodie on  Martin Luther King Jr . A photo of what appears to be the  Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr . wearing a hoodie went viral this week after ', 'such as the police beating of Rodney King and the ensuing 1992 Los Angeles race riots and the assassination of  Martin Luther King ,  Jr . "I think eventually, no matter how deep the moral feelings and personal feelings might be among African Americans ', 'The youngest son of civil rights leader the  Rev .  Martin Luther King Jr . has gotten married. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution journalist and business owner. King is chairman of the  Martin Luther King Jr . Center for Nonviolent Social Change in Atlanta ', 'national service program from 75,000 volunteers to 250,000 by 2017. And several times a year, including on the  Martin Luther King Jr . federal holiday and before Thanksgiving, Obama and his family help out at area food kitchens and community service ', "gathered on the National Mall Sunday to dedicate  Martin Luther King Jr . memorial. ABC's Ron Claiborn shows us. They came to the Washington mall to honor  Martin Luther King Jr . People of many different colors and backgrounds ", "days ahead as they gathered on the National Mall Sunday to dedicate Martin Luther King Jr . memorial. ABC's Ron Claiborn shows us. They came to the Washington mall to honor Martin Luther King Jr . People of many different colors and backgrounds -- aging veterans of the civil rights movement. The president and his family. That is ", 'national holiday honoring  Dr .  Martin Luther King Jr . S holiday is considered touched by the legacy of  Dr .  Martin Luther King Jr . civil rights activist Andrew almost everyone has heard  I have a dream speech  and its powerful speech ', "as Brothers -- separately. Schools. Three people touched by the legacy of Dr Martin Luther King Jr civil rights activist Andrew Young. Tom how the king family's driver. And reverend Raphael -- -- the current senior pastor of Ebenezer Baptist Church. We're king once preached to have things that you call upon that -- you know personally that that have helped to. Oh absolutely almost everyone has heard I have a dream speech and its powerful speech. But they're even moments in that speech I think that the nation is sort of glossed over. So ", 'unprecedented first look at the private thoughts of Dr.  Martin Luther King . 200000. Pages of his handwritten letters notes struggle. And tear hand written notes on his  I have a dream speech  tinkering with just where he would Begin. And ', "are getting an unprecedented first look at the private thoughts of Dr. Martin Luther King 200000. Pages of his handwritten letters notes and speeches have just been released for the first time by the king center. In them a window into what Doctor King was thinking right before many of his most profound speeches. You can actually see the words he wrote in the once he crossed out in his 1964 Nobel Peace Prize each crossing out great. We're dedicated. And freedom for struggle. And tear hand written notes on his I have a dream speech tinkering with just where he would Begin. And -- that there's a hopeful note that supporters will when it's over half smiles ", "I've been saying today of course is a national holiday. Honoring a true American hero  Dr .  Martin Luther King Jr . big crowd expected in Washington at the king memorial towering tribute. To the man in his legacy. It includes an inscription ", 'today of course is a national holiday. Honoring a true American hero Dr Martin Luther King Jr . big crowd expected in Washington at the king memorial towering tribute. To the man in his legacy. It includes an inscription wall ', 'Of this Dr Martin Luther King Jr . day a special version of -- three words. -- -- ', 'Martin Luther King Jr . was not like trade on mart family of the civil rights icon of speaking out about seventeen year old killed by George Zimmermann ', 'Martin Luther King Jr . was not like trade on mart family of the civil rights icon of speaking out about seventeen year old killed by George ', "anniversary of  Martin Luther King junior 's assassination His son  Martin Luther King  the third celebrate  Martin Luther King Jr . day a day Because  Martin Luther King Jr . dedicated know about  I have a dream  this is taking ", "2008 marks the fortieth anniversary of Martin Luther King junior's assassination. His son Martin Luther King the third and nephew Isaac Farris sat down -- Robin Roberts to talk about the king's dream and how they're realizing the dream today. Today we do celebrate Martin Luther King Jr . day a day to reflect on our history and commemorate the civil rights leader's birthday but it did take a struggle. To ", 'reduce this holiday period to -- and an African American holiday. Because Martin Luther King Jr . dedicated his life to really serving. All of the people of our nation -- forty years almost. Since his death. And the ']