['Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  was branded by the media "Recycled Rudd" after he lost power in an internal government leadership wrangle then snatched it back ', 'Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  was branded by the media "Recycled Rudd" after he lost power in an internal government leadership wrangle then snatched it back ', 'Australian  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  says all refugees who arrive in Australia by boat will be resettled on the South Pacific island nation of Papua New Guinea. Rudd ', 'Australian  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  said Tuesday he will transform a deeply unpopular carbon tax a year ahead of schedule, in a bid to cut costs to households as ', 'is speaking in the John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum at the Harvard Kennedy School tonight with former Australian  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , and the Washington Post\'s Keith Richburg, a Spring Institute of Politics Fellow, on the topic of "China ', "slicing $130 billion off its massive debt. IRAN -JOINING THE OIL EMBARGO...Reuters reports Australia's foreign minister  Kevin Rudd  says the country will follow the European Union's embargo against oil imports from Iran, in a bid to stop its nuclear program ", 'that U.S. Customs officials will allow you to bring in a food that many here consider to be, well, an acquired taste.  Kevin Rudd  was briefly detained by U.S. Customs officials after they noticed a suspicious-looking jar he had with him that was filled ', 'FINALLY." Leaders from around the world also showered the Egyptian people with praise, From Australia\'s  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  to Philippine President Benigno Aquino III. "My view is that the people of this most ancient civilization ', 'huge welcome -- and a classic sailor\'s response. "Jessica, you are our new Australian hero," Australian  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  said. "I am actually going to disagree with what our prime minister just said," Jessica told the crowd of ', 'huge welcome -- and a classic sailor\'s response. "Jessica, you are our new Australian hero," Australian  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  said. "I am actually going to disagree with what our prime minister just said," Jessica told the crowd of ', "humanity. Becoming the species. That dies out. Just as a parasite. Does. As it is its host. Australia's  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  said if wealthy nations curb emissions but poor countries don't. Climate change is no respect persons. Whether ", "Just as a parasite. Does. As it -- is its host. Australia's Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said if wealthy nations curb emissions but poor countries don't. Climate change is no respect -- persons. Whether it is in the ", 'hopefully at the court will decide if He gets to keep any of the Also rising in Google today the new Australian  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  today appointed the former front man for the Australian band Midnight Oil. To be his new environmental minister ', 'any of the -- Also rising in Google today the new Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd today appointed the former front man for the Australian band Midnight Oil. To be his new environmental minister. The move is not ', 'cast at the court will decide if He gets to keep any of the Also rising and Google today the new Australian  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  today appointed the former front man for the Australian band Midnight Oil. To be his new environmental minister ', 'of the -- -- Also rising and Google today the new Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd today appointed the former front man for the Australian band Midnight Oil. To be his new environmental minister. The move is not ', "including metal detectors that won't require passengers remove shoes or belts. And on Friday Australia's new  Prime Minister Kevin Rudd  will make his first trip to the White House. Rudd was elected partly on his promise to remove Australian troops ", "won't require passengers remove shoes or belts. And on Friday Australia's new Prime Minister Kevin Rudd will make his first trip to the White House. Rudd was elected partly on his promise to remove Australian troops from Iraq. "]