['World No. 1s Roger Federer and Victoria Azarenka will be among those on hand playing for gold at the London Olympic Games, which will stage the tennis portion of the...', 'Vera Zvonareva detuvo la racha de nueve triunfos de Kim Clijsters al derrotarla el viernes 6-4, 7-5 en el Campeonato de la WTA y asegurar el segundo puesto del ranki...', 'By Julian LindenNEW YORK (Reuters) - Andy Murray need not have worried. The forecasters got it wrong on both fronts at the U.S. Open on Friday.While the wind picked ...', 'Defending champ Kim Clijsters beats former No. 1 Ana Ivanovic in straight sets at US Open', 'Defending U.S. Open champion Kim Clijsters needed just 59 minutes to beat former top-ranked player Ana Ivanovic in the fourth round.The second-seeded Clijsters won 6...', 'Venus Williams says 30 is the new 20. Sam Querrey likes to think 20 could be No. 1.Thirty-year-old Williams is talking about age, and No. 20 Querrey is talking about...', "Stosur erases 4 match points, beats Dementieva in latest-finishing US Open women's match", "Sam Stosur won the latest-finishing women's match in U.S. Open history, erasing four match points and coming back to beat 2004 runner-up Elena Dementieva 6-3, 2-6, 7...", 'By Larry FineNEW YORK (Reuters) - Samantha Stosur saved four match points in a thrilling third set as she fought back to beat Russian Elena Dementieva 6-3 2-6 7-6 an...', 'By Julian LindenStruggling to run at full speed after requiring treatment to his legs, elbow and neck, the Briton appeared powerless to stop Wawrinka, who was battli...', 'By Matt MajendieNEW YORK (Reuters) - Former U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova hit out at tournament organizers Monday after she was beaten in the fourth round b...', 'By Julian LindenNEW YORK (Reuters) - Rafa Nadal will lead the Spanish Armada into the fourth round of the U.S. Open on Tuesday as he continues his bid to capture the...', 'By Larry FineNEW YORK (Reuters) - Defending champion Kim Clijsters held off a gritty challenge from fifth-seeded Australian Samantha Stosur , surviving an error-fill...', 'By Julian LindenNEW YORK (Reuters) - Kim Clijsters needed all her fighting qualities to keep her U.S. Open defense alive and cap an extraordinary day of titanic stru...', 'She sat there in shock. Then, the tears started falling.Believe it or not, 17-year-old Melanie Oudin is the toast of the town at the U.S. Open.Gritting her way throu...', "Melanie Oudin missed the junior prom.Skipped homecoming, too.And the 17-year-old isn't spending a lot of time hanging out with pals at the mall, either.Then again, n...", "When Melanie Oudin wakes up each morning these days, sharing a king-sized hotel bed with her mother, she's basically your average teen visiting the big city.Then the...", "Melanie Oudin's magical U.S. Open is over. Even the comeback kid couldn't overturn this deficit.Showing signs of shakiness in her first Grand Slam quarterfinal, the ...", "Playing her best at the most important events, Serena Williams re-established herself as the top player in women's tennis in 2009 and was a landslide choice as Femal..."]