["SYDNEY (Reuters) - Russia's Elena Dementieva defeated a hobbling Serena Williams 6-3 6-2 at the Olympic tennis center Friday to win the Sydney International for the ...", 'MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Alona Bondarenko ended a long drought against Jelena Jankovic with a third-round 6-2 6-3 upset of the eighth seed in stifling conditions at the...', 'The Williams sisters are choosing football over Fed Cup .Serena and Venus Williams will not play in the Feb. 6-7 Fed Cup quarterfinal between the United States and F...', "By Julian LindenMELBOURNE (Reuters) - Justine Henin passed the first serious test in her comeback to the Australian Open when she defeated Russia's Elena Dementieva ...", 'By Greg StutchburyMELBOURNE (Reuters) - Forward. Left. Backward. Right. Attack. Jump. Run. Defend. Counter-punch. Run. Celebrate. Shake hands. Talk to media. Eat. Sl...', 'By Ian RansomMELBOURNE (Reuters) - Roger Federer faces a challenging path if he is to extend his record grand slam haul to 16 at the Australian Open, beginning his c...', 'MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Justine Henin continued her fairytale return to competitive tennis by coming from a set down to register her 500th career win and reach the fou...', 'By Greg StutchburyMELBOURNE (Reuters) - Justine Henin said she had exceeded her own expectations with her progress to the Australian Open final after demolishing Chi...', "By Ian RansomMELBOURNE (Reuters) - Justine Henin insists her comeback at next week's Australian Open will be no mere cameo and called on her opponents to test her to...", "Women's final: No. 1 Serena Williams vs. Justine HeninThe championship match in the women's draw offers a grand stage for the renewal of one of the most intense riva...", "Venus Williams pulls out of next week's Montreal tournament, citing injured left knee", "Venus Williams withdrew from next week's WTA tournament in Montreal on Friday, citing an injured left knee that is hampering her preparation for the U.S. Open.The No...", "By Barney SpenderPARIS (Reuters) - American teenager Melanie Oudin marched into the second round of the Paris Open with a 6-3 6-0 demolition of Romania's Sorana Cirs...", 'By Barney SpenderPARIS (Reuters) - Russian Elena Dementieva lamented the absence of world number one Serena Williams after moving smoothly into the quarter-finals of...', 'PARIS (Reuters) - American Melanie Oudin thrashed experienced Swiss Patty Schnyder 6-1 6-3 to reach the quarter-finals at the Paris Open on Thursday.The teenager, wh...', "By Barney SpenderPARIS (Reuters) - Top seed Elena Dementieva came from a set down to beat Germany's Andrea Petkovic 3-6 6-4 6-2 on Friday to book a place in the semi..."]