["don't do any of the things I talked about. Our economy will Although slower than New businesses will form the  unemployment rate  will. Probably ticked down a little bit. Just virtue of our size and natural resources and most of all because ", "Before we're gonna see at  unemployment rate  contracting in meaningful as are improving gradually. The  unemployment rate  stood at seven point 6% in from satisfactory. It's the  unemployment rate  remains well above its longer ", "we need that number close to 3350. Before we're gonna see at unemployment rate contracting in -- meaningful -- -- -- as I said it has a lot of room here and it's going to be ", "this sector carefully. Conditions in the labor market are improving gradually. The unemployment rate stood at seven point 6% in June about a half percentage point lower. That in the months before the Federal Open Market Committee initiated its current asset purchase program. In September. Nonfarm payroll employment has increased by an average of about 200000 jobs per month so far this year. Despite these -- the job situation is far from satisfactory. It's the unemployment rate remains well above its longer run normal level and -- of underemployment and long term unemployment are still much to. Meanwhile consumer ", 'would jeopardize that housing recovery in the overall economic recovery. Ben Bernanke also said last night that the  unemployment rate  is actually higher than the stats might indicator we at a point where the markets. Can really tell us about the ', 'the overall economic recovery. Ben Bernanke also said last night that the unemployment rate is actually higher than the stats might indicator we at a point where the markets. Can really tell us about the economy ', 'there was something in it, a minor down tick in average wages, and also a minor uptick in the near-term in the  unemployment rate . How does that play out? Unbalance the growth is more important, the uptick is minor. And about these reports ', 'average wages, and also a minor uptick in the near-term in the unemployment rate . How does that play out? Unbalance the growth is more important, the uptick is minor. And about these reports, they do dynamic ', "so we're seeing that but. But if Federal Reserve in its report this week. Said that next year they expect the  unemployment rate  to go to six point 5% to that would mean that businesses would have to start hiring. More heavily in the wait months ", 'in its report this week. Said that next year they expect the unemployment rate to go to six point 5% to that would mean that businesses would have to start hiring. More heavily in the wait ', "set out more specific. Terms that look relatively plausible. For when the Fed might do something for example 7%  unemployment rate  which could happen early next year right forecast and he might say he said that might be enough. That's certainly ", "relatively plausible. For when the Fed might do something for example 7% unemployment rate which could happen early next year right -- forecast and he might say he said that might be enough. That's certainly caught ", "our crumbling roads and bridges like the the collapse last week in Washington State we'd all be safer. And the  unemployment rate  would fall faster. And congress should fix our broken immigration system by passing common sense reform. The continues ", "collapse last week in Washington State we'd all be safer. And the unemployment rate would fall faster. And congress should fix our broken immigration system by passing common sense reform. The continues to strengthen our borders ", "more than predicted. That helped bring down the  unemployment rate  to 7.7%, the lowest since december 2008. On days ahead? Friday's whiplashing headlines, the  unemployment rate  at the lowest in four years sent the dow to a new ", "last month, some 70,000 more than predicted. That helped bring down the unemployment rate to 7.7%, the lowest since december 2008. On wall street, the dow jones broke the all-time high for a fourth straight day. Is this a blip or a sign of better days ahead? Friday's whiplashing headlines, the unemployment rate at the lowest in four years sent the dow to a new high. It's clear that the country is building, healing, and ", 'up this morning on news. the  unemployment rate  has fallen to its lowest level also really get. As you said  unemployment rate  fell to eight point 5%. It because though the lower the  unemployment rate  goes the better is. And we ', 'sign New York futures were up this morning on news. -- the unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in nearly eight years. On this Friday to discuss all the business headlines and jobs report ', "huge revision or -- that was also really get. As you said unemployment rate fell to eight point 5%. It was also really impressed it about this report -- -- that John dean's worst ever spread ", "administration's leading get happy dance right now because though the lower the unemployment rate goes the better is. And we have to also look at the trend. And that's not actually more important in the actual numbers mean case in point here heroes are increasing about half percent year on year in the fourth quarter 2010. Then by mid year 2011 -- looking at eight tenths of a percent. Then as of November were one point 2% and we beat that number so -- the -- is increasing that ticket ink. The Congressional Budget Office is said that by the fourth quarter 2012 we could be looking. At eight point two unemployment rate at the lower that -- the better that is if we continue to see improvement in the job market -- that have ", 'The  unemployment rate  has not budged in the last month holding steady now still at over October. is due out this morning and it is expected to show that the  unemployment rate  stayed the same last month at nine point 1%. But we are expecting ', "The unemployment rate has not budged in the last month holding steady now still at over 9% so. We're asking is there any hope for the millions of Americans looking for work weekend GMA anchor beyond -- guy is looking into that forest joins us now live from Washington with the latest good morning -- you be on the hey good morning -- at a government jobs report for the month of October. -- is due out this morning and it is expected to show that the unemployment rate stayed the same last month at nine point 1%. But we are expecting to hear that 90000 jobs were created last month ", 'of life in the American economy. News today the  unemployment rate  has tumbled from 9% down to eight point 6%. The anymore the government just came the latest jobs the  unemployment rate  unexpectedly fell. But economists agree the job ', 'a real sign of life in the American economy. News today the unemployment rate has tumbled from 9% down to eight point 6%. The lowest rate in two and a half years the nation adding a ', "a job anymore the government just came -- the latest jobs the unemployment rate unexpectedly fell. But economists agree the job market does appear to be improving I'm. I got a job yeah. That today's -- ", "there's the bad we need more like 300000. Jobs a month as compared to 200000 last month. In order to really bring the  unemployment rate  down in a major way. And that is not likely to happen this year and finally. Then there's the ugly there are ", "as compared to 200000 last month. In order to really bring the unemployment rate down in a major way. And that is not likely to happen this year and finally. Then there's the ugly there are ", 'jolt for jobs across this country. Warned Tuesday that employers added 243000. New jobs last month. Driving the  unemployment rate  down from eight point five to eight point 3% the lowest in three years. One expert we call this news is a game ', 'Warned Tuesday that employers added 243000. New jobs last month. Driving the unemployment rate down from eight point five to eight point 3% the lowest in three years. One expert we call -- -- this news ', "Unemployment has hit its lowest level in nearly three years figures out this morning from the Labor Department showed the jobless rate falling to eight point 5%. In December are also 200000. New jobs created Joining us now to discuss the report is Alex steals from the street Alex I'm happy Friday", "Jobs last month. But it wasn't enough to keep the  unemployment rate  from ticking up from seven point 8% to seven point government which is still losing jobs. The reason for the  unemployment rate  up more unemployed people who dropped off the rolls ", "added 171000. Jobs last month. But it wasn't enough to keep the unemployment rate from ticking up from seven point 8% to seven point 9%. Still the numbers reflect across the board in job growth in almost all sectors except the government which is still losing jobs. The reason for the unemployment rate up -- more unemployed people who dropped off the rolls are now looking for more work. ", 'Jobs added to the economy.  Unemployment rate  fell to seven point 5% as always what worries me is idiocy that  unemployment rate  ticking downward which makes gas pedal. Seven point 5%  unemployment rate  is actually the weakest statistically ', 'had some good results for a 165000. Jobs added to the economy. Unemployment rate fell to seven point 5% as always the economist can either proceed as as -- glass half full or half empty. And ', "it goes. Well you know what worries me is -- idiocy that unemployment rate ticking downward which makes -- nice headline but the Fed has said. That when unemployment gets the six point 5% -- -- ease off the gas pedal. Seven point 5% unemployment rate is actually the weakest statistically of any of the numbers tonight's headline but that's not so great so I don't wanna see ", "matter to you. In low over three years our businesses created more than six point five million new jobs and while our  unemployment rate  is still too high that's the lowest its been since 2008. But now we need to create even more good middle class ", "created more than six point five million new jobs and while our unemployment rate is still too high that's the lowest its been since 2008. But now we need to create even more good middle class ", "TONIGHT. First, the new jobs report out, beating the predictions. 16 a,000 jobs added just last month. The  unemployment rate  dropping now do to 7.5%. That's the lowest in five years. And stocks soaring today into unchartered territory ", "out, beating the predictions. 16 a,000 jobs added just last month. The unemployment rate dropping now do to 7.5%. That's the lowest in five years. And stocks soaring today into unchartered territory. The do cracking that "]