['This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', ' sergeant who allegedly murdered 16 afghan civilians is spending his first full day since the massacre on american soil. at a ', ' in kansas. as reporters spent this day pounding the ground around the army post he last served on in ', '. trying to piece together a picture of just who sergeant robert bales is. and what could have sent him ', ". until last week, his story was not all that different from thousands of soldiers. who have honorably served their country. multiple combat deployments and burdened with memories of fallen comrades. and we have more on what we're learning tonight about sergeant bales. miguel, good evening.", "good evening. shock is the word we keep hearing in this community. many wonder how a happily married man of two could be responsible for such senseless murders. today, 38-year-old staff sergeant robert bales is in solitary confinement at ft. leavenworth. held in the army's prison in kansas, accused of killing 16 afghan civilians mostly ", ' for their security. neighbors knew him as a family man, as a doting father they called bob.', 'despite a clean military record, bales had two misdemeanor charges as a civilian, both dropped in the last decade, including assault on a former girlfriend. after enlisting in the military after 9/11 he was said to be a strong leader in combat. said to be injured twice during three tours in ', " military publication saying i have never been more proud of this unit. we discriminated between the bad guys and the noncombatants, helping people that three or four hours before were trying to kill us. bales' civil attorney said he never expected a fourth deployment to afghanistan.", ' were horrific and he saw people killed literally standing right next to him. and there was an incident right before these allegations where one of his fellow soldiers was mortally wounded.', ". his wife reportedly blogged about her husband being passed over for promotion. it is very disappointing after all the work that bob has done and all the sacrifices he's made for love of his country and friends. it's unclear if bales suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder and whether it will be part of his defense.", "i think you would have to assume that that's going to be an uphill battle. just on general principles.", 'after more than a decade in the military, bales spent most of his time at joint base lewis-mcchord, just outside the gates at ', "tonight we spent time inside the home of the suspect's former brigade leader. they served three tours together in ", '. he said as for the suspect, that he was a heroic soldier who saved several lives overseas and said of all the hundreds of men he was in command of overseas the last person he would suspect to be responsible for a crime like this would be his friend he called bobby. lester?', 'miguel alagarr, thank you. for more perspective on this, we turn to the military analyst ']