['Top-seeded Samantha Stosur, No. 2 Elena Dementieva  advance to the quarterfinals', 'Sixth-ranked Elena Dementieva rallied to beat Japan\'s Kimiko Date Krumm 3-6, 6-3, 6-4 on Wednesday night in the second round of the Bank of the West Classic.Dementieva, the Russian seeded second, won 12 of the final 17 games to avoid becoming the first seeded player to fall in the tournament. The two players were a combined 13 of 28 on break points.In another second-round match, Australia\'s Samantha Stosur celebrated her highest singles\' ranking ever with a 6-1, 7-5 victory over U.S. qualifier Christina McHaleThe match was Stosur\'s first since reaching No. 5 in the world."The high ranking feels good," Stosur said. "It was a goal for me to get to No. 10. Once I got to that point, all of a sudden I moved up to No. 5. To have another big jump like that so soon is really pleasing."It\'s not like I have changed anything dramatically overnight. It\'s just a combination of everything that I have been doing over the past few years and now it\'s all coming together. Once you produce some good resu...', 'Two-time major champion Svetlana Kuznetsova has pulled out of the U.S. Open.The United States Tennis Association posted an updated list of players who have withdrawn...', 'Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka, French Open winner Maria Sharapova and Wimbledon titlist Serena Williams posted quarterfinal victories Thursday at the Ol...', 'Career Grand Slam winner Maria Sharapova will go for a "Golden Slam" on Saturday when she plays in the women\'s singles gold medal match at the London Summer Games.Th...', 'Career Grand Slam winners Maria Sharapova and Serena Williams will play for the career Golden Slam on Saturday when the two superstars clash in the gold medal match ...', "Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka and Wimbledon winner Serena Williams will do battle in Friday's semifinals at the Olympic Games tennis event.The reigning ...", '- NEW YORK (Reuters) - Australian Sam Stosur beat Russian Nadia Petrova 7-6 6-7 7-5 to reach the last 16 of the U.S. Open in a three hour, 16 minute battle on Friday...', 'Chris Evert played in the Olympics only once, and she recalls taking the court at 9 a.m. and losing a third-round match to an obscure opponent in front of 50 spectat...', "It had been awhile since Melanie Oudin felt confident she could win a match at tennis' top tournaments.And, well, it had been awhile since the surprise 2009 U.S. Ope...", "Agnieszka Radwanska was a 6-1, 6-1 winner against Japan's Misaki Doi on Sunday to cruise into the second round at the $2.05 million Toray Pan Pacific Open.The Polish...", 'World No. 1 and defending champion round winners, while U.S. Open champion Samantha Stosur was an upset victim at the $2.05 million Pan Pacific Open tennis event.Woz...', 'Wimbledon runner-up Maria Sharapova was a round winner Monday at the $2.05 million Toray Pan Pacific Open.The second-seeded Sharapova, who received a bye into the se...', 'The once-fast grass courts at the storied All England Club have undergone modifications over the years that may seem insignificant to the average tennis fan...but th...', "Olympic champion Elena Dementieva showed her mettle at the U.S. Open, rallying in the second set to beat Akgul Amanmuradova 6-4, 7-5 on Monday to start what's expect...", 'By Greg StutchburyMELBOURNE (Reuters) - Fifth-seeded Russian Elena Dementieva set up a mouth-watering second-round clash with Justine Henin after dispatching compatr...', "Top-seeded Caroline Wozniacki recovered from a slow start to beat Elena Dementieva 1-6, 6-2, 6-3 in Saturday's final of the Pan Pacific Open.Dementieva, who won here...", 'NEW YORK (Reuters) - Elena Dementieva and Melanie Oudin won their opening singles matches on Saturday to leave the Fed Cup semi-final between Russia and the United S...']