['A demonstrator stands in front of posters during a protest rally in New Delhi calling for justice for women. ', '(CNN) -- One in three women experience sexual or physical violence -- most likely from their intimate partner, according to a report from the World Health Organization.', 'The report, called the first of its kind, estimates the global toll of such violence on women at 35.6%. In a statement, Dr. Margaret Chan, the director-general of WHO, described it as a "global health problem of epidemic proportions."', 'Women who have been physically and sexually abused are more likely to contract HIV/AIDS, to have an abortion, to get depression, injuries, alcohol use disorders and pregnancy complications, according to the WHO report.', 'About 38% of all murdered women are killed by an intimate partner (compared with 6% of all murdered men).', 'Violence against women should not be considered as isolated events, but rather a "pattern of behavior that violates the rights of women and girls," the authors wrote.', "Getting accurate statistics on sexual and physical violence remains difficult due to stigma and underreporting, said the authors from the WHO, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine and South African Medical Research Council. Also, reporting sexual violence may put women's lives at risk, they wrote.", 'The report, compiled through global and regional population data, was constrained by the lack of information in places such as the Middle East, central Sub-Saharan Africa, East and Central Asia.', 'Based on the available information, Southeast Asia is the most affected region with 37.7% experiencing partner violence. The data included Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, Thailand and Timor-Leste.', "In India, outrage stemming from high-profile rape cases prompted national discussions on the treatment of women and changes in the country's laws.", 'The other regions of the world reporting higher partner violence were the Eastern Mediterranean with 37% (based on data from Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Jordan, and the Palestinian territory) and 36.6% in Africa.', 'The Americas followed with 29.8%, Europe (Albania, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Lithuania, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, Serbia, Turkey, Ukraine) at 25.4% and the Western Pacific (Cambodia, China, Philippines, Samoa, Vietnam) had 24.6%. Higher income countries (which included places like Australia, Canada, France, Hong Kong, Japan, United Kingdom and United States) had 23.2% prevalence of violence.', 'When factoring in non-partner violence, authors found that 45.6% of females in Africa had experienced abuse. Southeast Asia followed with 40.2%.', '"This new data shows that violence against women is extremely common. We urgently need to invest in prevention to address the underlying causes of this global women\'s health problem," said Charlotte Watts, professor at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, in a released statement.', 'The WHO recommended better access to post-rape care and healthcare training. The authors also supported recommendations such as more legal and policy accountability, programs for women, as well as the underlying causes that "foster a culture of violence against women."', '"Promising prevention programs exist, and need to be tested and scaled up," the authors wrote.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'For many Egyptians armed forces chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is a hero, despite the fact chants of "down with military rule" once rang out in Cairo.', 'From laptops to cell phones, cars to airplanes, all kinds of everyday products are made using crucial minerals that come from Africa. ', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Santiago de Compostela in Spain, killing 80 people.', "What would American Beauty, The Matrix and other classic films look like if they'd been made in Africa? Flip through these images to see.", 'A Maasai activist is trying to help his people adapt to the 21st century, starting radio stations and encouraging women to set up businesses.', "Google's new $35 Chromecast gadget streams Web to your television -- and looks set to shake up the consumer tech world.", 'VIP. Always take those three letters with a grain of salt, but sometimes they really do sweeten the pot, provide a once-in-a-lifetime experience.', 'Transparent dresses, vacuum shoes, shark-proof wetsuits and more: The life of a wearable technology user in the year 2015.', 'The script for Robocop, a futuristic tale of decline, had a note scribbled on the top of the first page. It read: "The future left Detroit behind."', 'What do you do when a bear walks into your bar? Witness says patrons were oblivious when exactly that happened in a bar in Colorado. ', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]