['"George Zimmerman got away with murder, but you can\'t get away from God," she says', 'Juror B29 says "we had to grab our hearts and put it aside and look at the evidence"', '(CNN) -- A juror in the George Zimmerman trial says she feels the man who killed Trayvon Martin "got away with murder."', '"George Zimmerman got away with murder, but you can\'t get away from God. And at the end of the day, he\'s going to have a lot of questions and answers he has to deal with," Juror B29 told ABC, according to an article posted on the network\'s website Thursday. "(But) the law couldn\'t prove it."', "The juror, who used only her first name of Maddy out of concerns for her safety, told ABC that she and others on the panel felt Zimmerman was guilty, but that wasn't enough.", '"You can\'t put the man in jail even though in our hearts we felt he was guilty," she said. "But we had to grab our hearts and put it aside and look at the evidence."', "Thursday night, Martin's mother said she was devastated after hearing the juror's comments.", 'Sybrina Fulton, mother of Trayvon Martin, is joined by her son Jahvaris Fulton as she speaks to the crowd during a rally in New York City, Saturday, July 20. A jury in Florida acquitted Zimmerman of all charges related to the shooting death of Trayvon Martin. View photos of key moments from the trial.', 'Protesters attend a rally in support of Trayvon Martin, in New York on July 20. The Rev. Al Sharpton\'s National Action Network organized the "\'Justice for Trayvon\' 100 city vigil" which called supporters to gather in front of federal buildings around the country on July 20, as a continued protest against the George Zimmerman verdict.', 'The Rev. Al Sharpton speaks to the crowd during the rally in New York City on July 20.', 'Thousands of people gathered outside the Richard B. Russell Federal Building in downtown Atlanta as part of the network of vigils on July 20.', 'A chalk outline, a bag of Skittles, and a can of iced tea are seen during the vigil outside the E. Barrett Prettyman Federal Courthouse in Washington, D.C., on July 20.', 'Protesters march across the Brooklyn Bridge toward Brooklyn after attending the rally in Manhattan on July 20.', 'Tracy Martin, father of Trayvon Martin, poses for a photo with supporters wearing hoodies at the rally in Miami on July 20.', 'Protesters march through the streets of downtown Los Angeles, on Tuesday, July 16, during a demonstration of the George Zimmerman trial.', "The Rev. Al Sharpton calls for a full federal investigation of the Martin killing, saying mere remarks by President Barack Obama and others weren't enough, outside the U.S. Justice Department in Washington on July 16.", 'A passenger takes a picture of protesters as he rides a city bus on July 16 in Los Angeles.', 'Leon McCutchin participates in a candlelight vigil for Martin on July 15 in New York City.', 'A large group of demonstrators march through downtown Atlanta on July 15 during a protest of the acquittal of George Zimmerman.', 'Outside the Department of Justice in Washington on July 15, Rev. Anthony Evans, president of the National Black Church Initiative, leads a prayer during a demonstration asking for justice for Trayvon Martin.', 'Residents of Sanford, Florida, attend a prayer vigil to promote peace and unity in their city in the wake of the George Zimmerman trial on July 15.', 'About 500 demonstrators gather during a rally and march in support of Trayvon Martin on July 15 in Birmingham, Alabama.', 'A man argues with a police officer as supporters of Trayvon Martin march while blocking traffic in Union Square in New York on Sunday, July 14.', 'People gather at a rally honoring Trayvon Martin at Union Square in New York on July 14.', 'Demonstrators march following a rally at the Torch of Freedom in downtown Miami on July 14.', 'Police hold positions on I-10 in Los Angeles. Protesters walked onto the freeway, stopping traffic, on July 14.', 'Tanetta Foster cries in front of the courthouse on July 13 after hearing the verdict.', "A Trayvon Martin supporter rallies outside the courthouse on July 13. After Martin's death, protesters started wearing hoodies in solidarity against racial profiling.", 'Demonstrators and members of the media gather outside of the courthouse on July 13. The jurors deliberated for more than 16 hours before delivering their verdict.', 'George Zimmerman is congratulated by members of his defense team, Don West and Lorna Truett, after the not guilty verdict is read on Saturday, July 13, in Sanford, Florida. A jury of six women found him not guilty in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin. View photos of the public reaction to the verdict.', "George Zimmerman's wife, Shellie Zimmerman, cries as friends and family members celebrate the verdict on July 13. ", 'Robert Zimmerman Sr. and Gladys Zimmerman embrace after their son is found not guilty on July 13.', 'George Zimmerman prepares to leave the courtroom after the not guilty verdict is read on July 13.', 'Zimmerman confers with his defense team on July 13, after working out the wording for a response to the jury, who had asked for clarification on the instructions regarding manslaughter. The response, crafted and agreed to by both the prosecution and defense, instructed the jury to ask their question more specifically, as the court could not engage in general discussion.', 'Zimmerman and his defense team stand in the courtroom as the jury arrives before starting their second day of deliberations on July 13.', 'Prosecutor John Guy addresses the jury with his closing rebuttal during Zimmerman\'s murder trial on Friday, July 12. "He shot him because he wanted to," Guy told jurors, saying that Zimmerman didn\'t have to shoot 17-year-old Martin.', 'Zimmerman\'s attorney Mark O\'Mara holds up a chart during closing arguments for the defense on Friday, July 12. "How many \'what ifs\' have you heard from the state in this case?" O\'Mara asked the jury. "They don\'t get to ask you that."', 'Zimmerman, right, sits with another defense attorney, Don West, this week. West objected to a third-degree murder charge also sought by prosecutors on Thursday, July 11, the day closing arguments began. The judge ruled out that charge but said the jury could consider convicting the defendant of manslaughter. ', "Dr. Vincent Di Maio, a forensic pathologist and gunshot wound expert, describes Zimmerman's injuries while testifying for the defense Tuesday, July 9.", "Defense attorney Mark O'Mara, right, questions forensics animation expert Daniel Schumaker, center, at the bench of Judge Debra Nelson with Assistant State Attorney Richard Mantei, left, during a July 9 hearing on the admissibility of animation created for the defense. Schumaker showed the judge and Mantei some 3-D animation on his laptop after an overhead projector didn't work.", "John Donnelly, a friend of George Zimmerman's, cries on the witness stand on Monday, July 8, in Sanford, Florida, after listening to screams on the 911 tape entered in evidence.", "Sondra Osterman, a friend of Zimmerman's, listens to the 911 tape while testifying on July 8.", "Mark Osterman, a friend of Zimmerman's, testifies on July 8 and describes the type of gun Zimmerman owned.", "Leanne Benjamin, a friend of Zimmerman's, smiles while identifying him in court on July 8.", "Sybrina Fulton, mother of Trayvon Martin, takes the stand during Zimmerman's trial on Friday, July 5.", "George Zimmerman's mother, Gladys Zimmerman, listens to the 911 tape while taking the stand during his trial in Seminole County circuit court on July 5.", "Martin's brother Jahvaris Fulton testifies at the Zimmerman trial in Seminole County circuit court on July 5.", 'Volusia and Seminole County associate medical examiner Shiping Bao testifies on July 5. Bao conducted the final autopsy on Martin and determined the cause of death to be a gunshot wound to the chest.', "Florida Department of Law Enforcement Crime Lab Analyst Anthony Gorgone testifies about DNA findings on Wednesday, July 3, in Sanford, Florida. Here, Gorgone points to a sweatshirt worn by Trayvon Martin on the night Martin was shot. Only one stain on Martin's hooded jacket yielded a partial DNA profile that matched Zimmerman's.", "Gorgone points to a jacket worn by Zimmerman on the night of the shooting. Multiple stains on Zimmerman's jacket tested positive for Zimmerman's DNA. At least two stains from the jacket tested positive for a mixture of DNA that included Martin's DNA.", "Firearms analyst Amy Siewert from the Florida Department of Law Enforcement answers questions from the prosecution while holding Zimmerman's gun on July 3. Siewert examined the gun and said Zimmerman had one bullet ready to fire in the chamber as well as a fully loaded magazine when the shooting occurred. ", "Alexis Carter, a military prosecutor, testifies during the trial on July 3. Carter taught a criminal litigation class that Zimmerman completed, and testified that the class included extensive coverage of Florida's self-defense laws.", "Mark Osterman, a U.S. Air Marshal and friend of Zimmerman's who wrote a book about the case, testifies on Tuesday, July 2. He recounted the story of the shooting that Zimmerman told him and testified that when he took Zimmerman home from the police station after the shooting, Zimmerman wasn't acting like himself. ", 'Prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda, on July 2, demonstrates a possible scenario while questioning state witness Chris Serino, a Sanford police officer.', 'Hirotaka Nakasone, a voice recognition expert with the FBI, testifies in the Zimmerman trial on Monday, July 1.', "Witness Jonathan Good is cross-examined by defense attorney Mark O'Mara on Friday, June 28.", "Selma Mora reenacts a scenario for defense attorney Mark O'Mara on Thursday, June 27. Mora lived in Zimmerman's neighborhood at the time of the shooting.", "Witness Jennifer Lauer points to where her former home was in the Retreat at Twin Lakes community during questioning by defense attorney Mark O'Mara on June 27. Lauer called 911 on the night of the shooting.", "Rachel Jeantel, a friend of Martin's, is questioned by defense attorney Don West on June 27. She appeared to get frustrated several times during the cross-examination, including one time when West suggested they could break until the morning so she'd have more time to review the deposition transcript.", "The evidence letter that Jeantel says she wrote with a friend for Sybrina Fulton, Martin's mother, is displayed during the trial on June 27. When the defense asked Jeantel to read the letter, she said she couldn't read cursive. She asked a friend to write the letter for her, she said.", 'Jeantel testifies on Wednesday, June 26. She was the last person to speak with Martin on the phone.', "Zimmerman walks past Martin's parents, Sybrina Fulton, left, and Tracy Martin, second from left, as he enters the courtroom after lunch recess on June 26.", 'Diana Smith of the Sanford Police Department on Tuesday, June 25, shows the jury a bag of Skittles that was collected as evidence at the crime scene. Martin was said to be carrying the bag of candy and a soft drink at the time of his death.', "Assistant state attorneys John Guy, left, and Richard Mantei hold up Martin's sweatshirt as evidence during Zimmerman's trial on June 25. After Martin's death, protesters started wearing hoodies in solidarity against racial profiling.", 'During the trial on June 25, crime scene technician Diana Smith shows the jury a gun that was collected as evidence.', 'Selene Bahadoor enters the courtroom to take the witness stand on June 25. She was the first eyewitness to testify and said the shooting occured right behind her home.', 'Seminole County 911 dispatcher Sean Noffke testifies on Monday, June 24, about his conversation with Zimmerman on a non-emergency line the night of the shooting.', "A transcript of Zimmerman's police call on the night of the shooting is projected during opening arguments on June 24.", "Martin's father, Tracy Martin, cries on June 24 as he listens to the description of his son's death.", 'Prosecutor John Guy gestures during his opening arguments on June 24. His first words to the six-woman jury may have raised a few eyebrows. "Good morning. \'F*****g punks, these a******s all get away,\'" Guy quoted Zimmerman. "These were the words in this grown man\'s mouth as he followed this boy that he didn\'t know. Those were his words, not mine."', "From left, Zimmerman's father, Robert Zimmerman Sr.; his mother, Gladys; and his wife, Shellie, are escorted from the courtroom on June 24. Since they are all on the witness list, the judge ruled they cannot be present in the courtroom until after they testify.", 'Defense attorney Don West displays a photo of Zimmerman from the night of the shooting during his opening arguments on June 24. He opened his statements with a knock-knock joke but failed to win a laugh. "Knock knock. Who\'s there? George Zimmerman. George Zimmerman who? Good, you\'re on the jury," he said.', 'A video entered as evidence is displayed on June 24. It shows Martin, right, at a 7-Eleven on the night of his shooting.', "From left, Martin's parents, Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton, and Benjamin Crump, the family's legal counsel, make a brief statement to the media before jurors heard opening statements on June 24.", '"It is devastating for my family to hear the comments from juror B29, comments which we already knew in our hearts to be true. That George Zimmerman literally got away with murder," Sybrina Fulton said in a written statement. "This new information challenges our nation once again to do everything we can to make sure that this never happens to another child."', 'Maddy is the second juror to speak about the high-profile case since the six-person, all-female jury acquitted Zimmerman earlier this month.', 'She and other jurors also have identified themselves by their numbers from the jury pool.', 'Last week the woman known as Juror B37 told CNN\'s "Anderson Cooper 360" that Zimmerman "didn\'t do anything unlawful" and was "justified" in shooting 17-year-old Martin last year.', 'Zimmerman has been out of the public eye since the jury found him not guilty of second degree murder on July 13. His parents told ABC News last week that their family has received an "enormous amount of death threats."', "He fatally shot Martin in the Sanford, Florida, neighborhood where Zimmerman and Martin's father lived in February 2012. Zimmerman, who is Hispanic, had a confrontation with the unarmed African-American teen after calling police to report a suspicious person, and he said he shot Martin in self-defense.", 'The case became a flash point in debates over racial profiling, and thousands attended vigils across the country over the weekend, decrying the verdict.', 'Maddy, 36, is Puerto Rican and a mother of eight children, ABC said. She was the only minority to deliberate in the case. She told ABC that the case was never about race to her.', "At the beginning of deliberations, she told ABC, she wanted to convict Zimmerman of second-degree murder. But she realized on the second day of deliberations that there wasn't enough proof to convict him of murder or the lesser charge of manslaughter.", '"I was the juror that was going to give them the hung jury. I fought to the end," she said, according to ABC.', 'Juror B37 told CNN that the jury was initially split -- three and three along the line of guilt. Juror B37 was among those who believed Zimmerman was not guilty from the start.', '"I don\'t want people to think that we didn\'t think about this, and we didn\'t care about Trayvon Martin, because we did. We\'re very sad that it happened to him," she said.', "Juror B29 told ABC that the decision is still weighing heavily on her, and she thinks she owes Martin's parents an apology.", '"It\'s hard for me to sleep, it\'s hard for me to eat because I feel I was forcefully included in Trayvon Martin\'s death," she told ABC. "And as I carry him on my back, I\'m hurting as much (as) Trayvon Martin\'s mother because there\'s no way that any mother should feel that pain."', 'Florida authorities have delivered all evidence related to the George Zimmerman investigation to federal officials, who are weighing whether to pursue a civil rights case.', 'Four days after he was acquitted of murder, George Zimmerman stepped out of seclusion to help a family.', 'Stevie Wonder is boycotting, demonstrators are demanding and President Obama is calling for changes in "stand your ground" self-defense laws.', "President Obama broke his silence with surprise remarks on Trayvon Martin, his first public comments since a Florida jury acquitted George Zimmerman in the teenager's shooting death.", 'The nation has a long history of self-defense laws. Almost every state allows some version of the "castle" defense, as in "a man\'s home is his castle." ', "Beyond the shouting and the stagecraft surrounding Zimmerman's acquittal, there's a conversation going on about what it all means -- about race, about guns, about the future.", 'The woman known as Juror B37 in the George Zimmerman trial released a statement exclusively to CNN pushing for new laws. ', 'One of the jurors who acquitted George Zimmerman said she had "no doubt" he feared for his life in the final moments of his struggle with Trayvon Martin.', 'George Zimmerman "didn\'t do anything unlawful" and was "justified" in shooting 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, according to one of the jurors who acquitted Zimmerman.', 'The friend who was on the phone with Trayvon Martin when his fatal confrontation with Zimmerman said she is upset at his acquittal on murder charges.', "His trial's over. And now it turns out that George Zimmerman might need the same thing millions of Americans are looking for: a job.", 'George Zimmerman is not guilty of murder in the death of Trayvon Martin, a Florida jury decided late Saturday.', "An employee of the Florida State Attorney's Office who testified that prosecutors withheld evidence from George Zimmerman's defense team has been fired.", 'Suspected racism in the justice system, deep-seated, secretive and historic, was the crux of the case for millions, writes Tom Foreman.', 'Just like most any other teenager, Trayvon Martin enjoyed listening to music and going to the movies, friends and family said. ', 'The George Zimmerman investigation was hijacked "in a number of ways" by outside forces, said the former police chief of Sanford, Florida. ', "With a single phrase, Rachel Jeantel, that friend of Trayvon Martin's, may have lit a fuse in the trial of his accused killer. "]