["Top-seeded Samantha Stosur was a second- round winner at the $220,000 Japan Women's Open on Thursday.Stosur, the reigning U.S. Open champion, advanced to the quarter...", "Marion Bartoli was among the first-round winners Monday at the HP Japan Women's Open.The second-seeded Bartoli cruised to a 6-2, 6-2 victory over Hungary's Melinda C...", 'U.S. Olympian Christina McHale saved a set point, then used a late service break to pull out a 7-6 (5), 7-5 win over Jarmila Gajdosova in the first-round of the Merc...', 'World No. 5 Agnieszka Radwanska pulled out of her scheduled quarterfinal match Friday at the $220,000 Malaysian Open, citing a right elbow injury.The top-seeded Radw...', 'Top seed Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland won a pair of matches Thursday at the Malaysian Open.Rain each of the past two days had played havoc with the schedule, forcin...', "Former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic of Serbia advanced to the semifinals in a walkover at the $220,000 Malaysian Open Saturday.Jankovic was scheduled to play Japan's ...", 'Once-promising American Melanie Oudin suffered a first-round loss Monday at the $740,000 Family Circle Cup.Tenth-seeded Spaniard Anabel Medina Garrigues grounded the...', 'Rising 33rd-ranked American Christina McHale and once-promising American Melanie Oudin each suffered first-round losses Monday at the $740,000 Family Circle Cup tenn...', 'Venus Williams is hoping for even more success in her second tournament after a long layoff.Williams beat qualifier Iveta Benesova of the Czech Republic 6-4, 6-3 Tue...', 'French Open champ Li Na was handily eliminated from the China Open on Sunday, while winners on the second day of play included U.S. Open titlist Samantha Stosur and ...', 'Former champions Samantha Stosur and Venus Williams were a pair of winners Tuesday at the $740,000 Family Circle Cup tennis event.The second-seeded U.S. Open titlist...', 'Former champions Serena Williams, Venus Williams and Samantha Stosur were all winners Tuesday at the $740,000 Family Circle Cup tennis event.Serena, who titled here ...', "Defending women's champion Kim seeded Victoria Azarenka were opening-day winners at the 2012 Australian Open on Monday.The 11th-seeded Clijsters, who struggled throu...", 'World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki ranked star Kim Clijsters were among round victors at the Australian Open , the first Grand Slam event of the year.The popular Danish ...', 'Top-seeded Caroline Wozniacki , up Li Na were each sets winners Wednesday in the second round of the Australian Open .Wozniacki, looking for her first Grand Slam, fo...', "Third-seeded Victoria Azarenka was an day winner at the 2012 Australian Open on Monday.Azarenka made quick work of Britain's Heather Watson, earning a 6-1, 6-0 strai...", 'Former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic round match Tuesday at the $220,000 Malaysian Open.The second-seeded Jankovic outlasted Frenchwoman Caroline Garcia 7-6 (9-7), 4-6...', 'Red-hot Serena Williams posted an opening-round win Tuesday at the $2.05 million Western & Southern Open, a U.S. Open Series event.The former world No. 1 Williams no...', 'Red-hot Serena Williams posted an opening-round win Tuesday at the $2.05 million Western & Southern Open, a U.S. Open Series event, while Maria Sharapova easily adva...']