['expect them to have upward mobility," said Montserrat Vihe, the UNHCR chief of mission to India. "Making ends meet,  finding a job , finding a house, school for the children, those are the challenges," she said. India and Afghanistan have historic ', "demand higher output, for instance. There's an upside for college graduates, though. While they may have a harder time  finding a job  they find engaging, they're also less likely to be trapped in a mundane job, because a degree opens up more employment ", 'high school or complete a GED. Few prisons offer opportunities for adult inmates to pursue college degrees. That can make  finding a job  and reintegrating into society in a positive way much more difficult. Stephen Steurer, executive director of the Correctional ', "Phillip Griffin graduated high school with honors in 2009, but despite his good grades and interest in math and science,  finding a job  proved difficult . That's because Griffin, 22, has autism spectrum disorder, a developmental disorder characterized as ", 'worth or less than you can achieve feeds the underearning cycle, Scott said. The idea is to focus on a long-term goal of  finding a job  that covers bills and creates a better sense of emotional wealth overall. Settling for any job, Scott said, can lead one ', 'worth or less than you can achieve feeds the underearning cycle, Scott said. The idea is to focus on a long-term goal of  finding a job  that covers bills and creates a better sense of emotional wealth overall. Settling for any job, Scott said, can lead one ', 'family, she said. Bolds said her husband wasn\'t a bad person, but that he had serious medical problems and had trouble  finding a job  because of that. Despite their trouble, she said, they get along well. "We love each other," she said, adding that ', "Culver-Stockton College in Canton, Mo., in May with a degree in graphic design and business but has had almost no luck  finding a job  in those fields. Instead, she's continued to work as a sales associate at Kohl's, which she's done for the past ", 'wouldn\'t have anywhere near enough to respond. I feared he would so tarnish my reputation that I would have a hard time  finding a job  after the primary and would never hold another elective office." 3. Rubio was so concerned about the Senate race that ', 'have caused difficulty in her two-year job search: her age. Whitelaw, 73, said she never had difficulty working or  finding a job  until she was laid off from a clothing business when she was 71 and had to look for work. The U.S. Government Accountability ', 'Mom of Teen Living With Teacher Fights for Law to Make Student-Teacher Dating Illegal', 'The couple have repeatedly defended their relationship and say they have no regrets. For Hooker, his new life now means  finding a job  other than teaching. His 17-year-old daughter no longer attends the school all three attended together. Jordan Powers ', 'responded, "This is actually my girlfriend." But the couple said they have no regrets. For Hooker, his new life now means  finding a job  other than teaching. Jordan Powers\' new life consists of independent study and a hope to graduate this spring. "I don\'t ', 'President Obama\'s Monday exchange on Google+ with Jennifer Weddell, whose engineer husband has been having trouble for years  finding a job . As ABC News\' Mary Bruce wrote at the time , the exchange seemed to highlight how the president\'s "view of the economic ', "Lawrence Shaq and he's the author of the book 150. Best  recession proof jobs  hi Lawrence thanks for joining us today thanks for having all right let's go through your top ten list than a  recession proof jobs  and I'd like you to breathe if you can't talk about ", "by Lawrence Shaq and he's the author of the book 150. Best recession proof jobs hi Lawrence thanks for joining us today thanks for having -- A look at your your new book came out just in ", "We'll all right let's go through your top ten list than a recession proof jobs and I'd like you to breathe -- if you can't talk about each of these careers. The first is transit and ground ", "Tory Johnson a workplace contributor and author of fired to hired is here this morning because. The people over 45 and a five million of them have a longer time to getting rehired than others do and you have some great success stories lessons from them wanna get right to it this morning we can't.", "It's. Okay. For University of Florida students looking for jobs Wallace and his team are here to help that we built the facility. It's one of the biggest in the country and it's one of the busiest He runs the university's career resource Centre there there. Where besides offering classes on job", "As you know the unemployment rate surged last month and so there are a lot of job hunters out there and many of them are turning to brand new ways to get their foot in the door looking at some of this Chris. It's a tough situation because we have a growing number of people looking for shrinking", "americans have been put on notice, as we approach that fiscal cliff, just 27 days away. People already having trouble  finding a job  are receiving a letter of warning about something to happen to them if congress can't make a deal. And abc's jonathan ", "approach that fiscal cliff, just 27 days away. People already having trouble finding a job are receiving a letter of warning about something to happen to them if congress can't make a deal. And abc's jonathan karl ", 'all across the country. These men and women have made incredible sacrifices for our country. Should have to worry about  finding a job  when they get home. Last week Republicans in congress voted it down and and they left. Right now what congress has gotten ', 'have made incredible sacrifices for our country. Should have to worry about finding a job when they get home. Last week Republicans in congress voted it down and and they left. Right now what congress has gotten ', "But remember pilots are human too. This is in the background of a lot of The and keeping the airplane in the air it's  keeping your job  at a time when people want more for less. When airlines are in bankruptcy constantly it seems that when we as a country ", "of -- The -- and keeping the airplane in the air it's keeping your job at a time when people want more for less. When airlines are in bankruptcy constantly it seems that when we as a "]