['Alvin Greene, the out-of-nowhere Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate in South Carolina, is pushing back against a new report that reveals he received low marks for ...', "Alvin Greene is the proverbial enigma wrapped in a riddle surrounded by mystery.He's also the new Democratic candidate for Senate in South Carolina.Greene admits he ...", 'The surprise South Carolina Democratic nominee for U.S. Senate has turned down a request from the state party boss to step down.Alvin Greene, a relative unknown, sho...', 'Why are we here? Why did the Obama reelection team pick North Carolina for the Democratic convention? As the convention begins, prominent Democrats are still grumbli...', 'South Carolina Senate candidate Vic Rawl, who strangely lost to the unknown  Alvin Greene , tells Alan why he doubts the outcome of the election.', "The former state lawmaker who lost South Carolina's Democratic U.S. Senate primary to an unknown, unemployed military veteran has filed a protest with the state part...", 'Surprise Senate Democratic candidate Alvin Greene isn\'t known for his gift of gab -- but the South Carolina longer-than-long shot nonetheless has the byline on a "gi...', "A South Carolina woman who claims U.S. Senate candidate Alvin Greene showed her pornographic images says she's outraged that he won't step out of the race.Camille Mc...", 'A South Carolina lawmaker on Sunday suggested that new Democratic Senate nominee Alvin Greene may be intellectually incapable of participating in the general electio...', "MANNING, S.C. -- In his first campaign appearance, South Carolina's surprising U.S. Senate candidate Alvin Greene avoided any major gaffes Sunday as he hit his three...", "Alvin Greene's quixotic rise to fame will likely come to an end Tuesday. He is expected to lose the South Carolina Senate race to Republican Sen. Jim DeMint , and th...", "Vic Rawl, who was the presumptive Democratic nominee in South Carolina's U.S. Senate race until his upset loss this week to unemployed military veteran Alvin Greene ...", "Republicans Capture House in Historic Wave, Claim 'Mandate' to Shrink Government", 'A top government watchdog on Tuesday called on the South Carolina attorney general to probe whether Democratic Senate nominee Alvin Greene was "induced" to run, as s...', 'COLUMBIA, S.C. -- South Carolina Democratic Party officials on Thursday upheld a surprising U.S. Senate primary win by an unemployed military veteran, nixing a prote...', 'Haley Holds Wide Lead in South Carolina GOP Gubernatorial Race Despite Affair Claims', 'Race to Watch, Update:South Carolina state Rep. Nikki Haley has taken a commanding lead over her competitors in the final stretch of the bare-knuckle race for govern...', 'The No. 3 Democrat in the U.S. House called on federal authorities Thursday to investigate how an unemployed South Carolina military veteran entered and won the stat...']