['The Mark Taper Forum and his other theater credits include "Satchmo at the Waldorf" and "The Iceman Cometh" with  Brian Dennehy  and Nathan Lane at The Goodman Theatre. The book for "A Time to Kill" was adapted by Tony Award-winning playwright ', "Starring (the voices of): Patton Oswalt, Ian Holm, Lou Romano,  Brian Dennehy , Peter O'Toole, Brad Garrett, Janeane Garofalo, Will Arnett, Julius Callahan, James Remar, and John Ratzenberger Directed ", 'joked, "We\'re happy to receive this naked guy [the Actor statue] it\'s the most appropriate award possible."  Brian Dennehy , a winner in the TV-movie category for Death of a Salesman, had the best line of the evening, however. "Oh ', 'joked, "We\'re happy to receive this naked guy [the Actor statue] it\'s the most appropriate award possible."  Brian Dennehy , a winner in the TV-movie category for Death of a Salesman, had the best line of the evening, however. "Oh ', 'joked, "We\'re happy to receive this naked guy [the Actor statue] it\'s the most appropriate award possible."  Brian Dennehy , a winner in the TV-movie category for Death of a Salesman, had the best line of the evening, however. "Oh ', 'joked, "We\'re happy to receive this naked guy [the Actor statue] it\'s the most appropriate award possible."  Brian Dennehy , a winner in the TV-movie category for Death of a Salesman, had the best line of the evening, however. "Oh ', 'joked, "We\'re happy to receive this naked guy [the Actor statue] it\'s the most appropriate award possible."  Brian Dennehy , a winner in the TV-movie category for Death of a Salesman, had the best line of the evening, however. "Oh ', 'to arrive at the Emmys, who had the bleacher bunch chanting his name. Casting commandment: Burly, white-haired  Brian Dennehy , in town to bring his Tony-winning and Emmy-nominated performance in Death of a Salesman to the Los Angeles stage ', 'to arrive at the Emmys, who had the bleacher bunch chanting his name. Casting commandment: Burly, white-haired  Brian Dennehy , in town to bring his Tony-winning and Emmy-nominated performance in Death of a Salesman to the Los Angeles stage ', 'to arrive at the Emmys, who had the bleacher bunch chanting his name. Casting commandment: Burly, white-haired  Brian Dennehy , in town to bring his Tony-winning and Emmy-nominated performance in Death of a Salesman to the Los Angeles stage ', "under sniper fire. happens to be everyone from historian Joseph Ellis former baseball manager Tim Johnson to actor  Brian Dennehy . Have all exaggerated or out very war records it's in desire for admiration they have a tendency to create. Fictions ", "everyone from historian Joseph Ellis former baseball manager Tim Johnson to actor Brian Dennehy . Have all exaggerated or out -- very -- war records it's in desire for admiration they have a tendency -- to create. ", "sniper fire. Dean happens to be everyone from historian Joseph Ellis former baseball manager Tim Johnson to actor  Brian Dennehy . Have all exaggerated or out riding very war records it's desire for admiration they have a tendency to. To create ", "everyone from historian Joseph Ellis former baseball manager Tim Johnson to actor Brian Dennehy . Have all exaggerated or out riding very -- war records it's -- desire for admiration they have a tendency to. To create. ", "sniper fire. Dean happens to be everyone from historian Joseph Ellis former baseball manager Tim Johnson to actor  Brian Dennehy . Have all exaggerated or out riding very war records it's and desire for admiration they have a tendency to to create ", "everyone from historian Joseph Ellis former baseball manager Tim Johnson to actor Brian Dennehy . Have all exaggerated or out riding very -- war records it's and desire for admiration they have a tendency to to create. "]