['He was in Paris the whole time writing, and he just hasn\'t been around." Even more surprising, Jenner\'s son  Brody Jenner , who joins the family reality-TV series, "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" this season, said, "I\'ve never ', 'family source told the magazine. "Both of their families could not be more excited." This will be Kroeger\'s first marriage and the second for Lavigne, who split from Sum 41 frontman Deryck Whibley in 2009. She also dated  Brody Jenner  .', 'Brody Jenner  reportedly intervened when Avril Lavigne was attacked. Earlier this year Roosevelt Hotel at around 1 a.m. Sunday morning, and her boyfriend,  Brody Jenner , was hit in the head with a bottle while trying to break it up. Today, Lavinge ', "Models Collide at New York Fashion Week How did Jenner score that gig? It probably helped that her half-brother,  Brody Jenner , is dating Abbey Dawn's designer, rocker Avril Lavigne . Click through to see what other celebrities have made headlines ", "get a good shot of the rear end that made her famous.  Brody Jenner  They may not be related by blood, but Kardashian's step brother,  Brody Jenner , certainly takes after her in the fame-mongering ", 'KARINA\'S NEW NOSE Star Magazine picks up on Extra\'s look at "Dancing With the Stars" leg queen and Mario Lopez\'s better half -- Karina Smirnoff. VERY Jennifer Grey of her! Hey Mario, "Nobody puts baby in a corner." (LINK) IF YOU HAVE TO ASK HOW MUCH A girl can dream, can\'t she? Fashion\'s best of', "and her search for a suitor, most notably in playboy  Brody Jenner . But her off-screen activities are what's getting claimed Pratt's best friend -- and Conrad's crush --  Brody Jenner  had started it. The fights between Conrad and Montag ", 'With her immaculately streaked tresses, lightly tanned skin and sense of style, Lauren Conrad has become California\'s version of Carrie Bradshaw. She showcases her own stylings Tuesday during L.A.\'s Fashion Week, just in time to plug MTV\'s "The Hills," which returns March 24 (10 p.m. ET/PT). Conrad', "Audrina's staying put with Lauren and Lo. Paparazzi capture her leaving her digs smiling and relaxed. May 25:  Brody Jenner  (Lauren's one-time love interest and Spencer's ex-best friend) reveals that he and Spence won't go back ", 'York to work at a public relations firm and makes friends with a group of New York socialites. Whitney\'s Co-star  Brody Jenner  will also be staring in his own new series, "Bromance." The show will consist of a group of guys who come to Hollywood ', "because in a couple weeks of movie Charlie Saint Cloud over. Opens now another you know hot do these days LaVigne and  Brody Jenner  now he might stop and health but. Paddling in snuggling under a beach And of course you know she's a total rocker ", 'now another you know hot do these days -- -- LaVigne and Brody Jenner now he might stop and health but. -- -- -- -- -- Paddling in -- snuggling under a beach -- And of ']