['Below is an excerpt from Ed\'s new book, "Killer Politics: How Big Money and Bad Politics Are Destroying the Great American Middle Class."', 'My exchange with Axelrod reflected two things. First of all, it reflected the angst Americans were feeling about all this. Second, on a personal level, it reflected the chill that had developed between the White House and me during the course of the health care debate.', 'In light of the fractious nature of Congress, the obstructionist policies of conservatives, and the power of the health care industry, it is clear that the journey to where we need to go with health care will be one measured over decades.', 'Pre-Obama, the United States spent twice per capita what other developed nations spend on health care. Still, life expectancy in America, at 78.11 years, ranks fiftieth in the world. Canada is eighth with a life expectancy of 81.3. Not a single major industrialized nation with national health care ranks lower than the United States.', 'Macau has the longest life expectancy in the world (84.36), and Japan, at number 3, is the highest ranked industrial nation (82.12). Meanwhile, U.S. infant mortality is 6.26 per 1,000 births, forty-fifth best, ranking just behind Cuba. Singapore is at the top with a 2.31 infant mortality rate. Tell me again that health care in the United States is the best in the world.', 'All of that may well have been a moot point because it seems the Republicans care more about winning than doing the right thing. And maybe sixty consistent votes in the Senate was a pipe dream. Democrats have never organized as tightly as the Republicans. You want sixty votes on any issue? You probably need seventy Democrats because many of the Democrats come from conservative districts. Really, in some respects in America, we have two conservative parties, one is just less extreme than the other.', 'For all the mistakes and foot dragging on the part of Democrats, do you want to know the biggest reason why you and your children will not be seeing universal health care anytime soon? Not only did the Republicans oppose reform in a strategic effort to damage Obama, they set the table for this bitter feast by helping George W. Bush blow up the budget. Had Bush been fiscally responsible, the debt would have been erased and the nation could have much more easily afforded an investment in universal health care.', 'This employee-based system has led to workers chasing benefits from job to job, not necessarily doing what they love or are particularly good at. Common sense tells us that this is no way for any society to thrive. Think about it. Poorly regulated capitalism has forced Americans into jobs for which they are ill suited, which is one of the great fears people have of socialism. Paradoxically, if we free workers from taking jobs based on whether or not that job provides health care, we strengthen capitalism because we encourage people to do what they are best suited to do.', 'Sadly, as the health care debate unfolded, we could see that most Republicans and some Democrats enough to screw things up were more concerned with the health of health insurance companies than they were about American workers.', 'This is not America. This is not the country I grew up in. Fairness left the building with Elvis.', 'Excerpted from KILLER POLITICS: How Big Money and Bad Politics Are Destroying the Great American Middle Class by Ed Schultz. Copyright (c) 2010 Published by Hyperion. Available wherever books are sold. All Rights Reserved.', ', "Killer Politics." We have a series of town hall meetings and book signings all planned. You can go to my website at ', ' posted a profit. GM earned 865 million dollars in the first three months of the year. GM`s CEO said he hopes to pay back -- did you hear that righties -- pay back the entire government loan of 50 billion dollars in the near future. Also, ', '. Two of the campaign managers, well, they left him today. The news comes a week after ', ' took a major heat from releasing his now-famous, quote, "finish the dang fence" TV ad. He was ripped on everything from reversing course, to bad acting, to using the wrong sheriff. But now the mocking hits a new level. Take a look.', "    Jane Lynch on why being out is important to her, and how she was moved by Obama's support of gay marriage"]