['Evil Dead" director Sam Raimi and his trilogy star,  Bruce Campbell . Make no mistake, these two are extremely protective the characters are quite as memorable or iconic as  Bruce Campbell \'s wisecracking Ash, there\'s plenty of humor in ', 'Bruce Campbell , a plumber from Hanover, Mass., came forward on Tuesday as the winner of the Lucky for Life lottery , receiving $1,000 a ', 'were able to pull the car out of the water Wednesday, they noticed that the gearshift was in reverse, said Lt.  Bruce Campbell , a member of the dive team and department spokesman. Leshaun Armstrong told Ryan that his mother was holding onto ', '18) Directors: Chris Miller and Phil Lord Stars: Bill Hader, Anna Faris, Mr. T, James Caan, Andy Samberg,  Bruce Campbell  Story: Inventor Flint Lockwood (Hader) concocts a machine that turns water into delicious, fully cooked meals ', 'necessity," he insisted. His first feature film was "The Evil Dead" (1981) starring the man with the chin,  Bruce Campbell  . Raimi cast Campbell in the "Evil Dead" sequels, making the leading man an icon and cult figure. Raimi Thinks ', 'David Giancola, the director, are genuinely nice men who treated me well. One of my costars was the incomparable  Bruce Campbell , regarded as perhaps the king of B movie stars. If you\'ve seen "The Evil Dead" or any of its sequels, you\'ve ', "based on Joe R. Lansdale's cult novel. starring  Bruce Campbell  Based on the Bram Stoker Award nominee short story really did become of Elvis Presley. We find Elvis ( Bruce Campbell ) as an elderly resident in an East Texas rest home ", 'preliminary cause of the crash. Killed were Kaufmann, 18, of Rittman; Paul Marshall III, 15, Cory Pelfrey, 18, and  Bruce Campbell , 14, all of Creston; and Christie Elliston, 13, and Jennifer Elliston, 14, both of Wooster. Katie Gonzalez ', 'Also getting the ax is Jack of All Trades, another tongue-in-cheek actioner from Studios USA, which starred  Bruce Campbell  as a spy during the Napoleonic era. The other half of Jack\'s "Action Pack," Cleopatra 2525, will now be expanded ', 'Also getting the ax is Jack of All Trades, another tongue-in-cheek actioner from Studios USA, which starred  Bruce Campbell  as a spy during the Napoleonic era. The other half of Jack\'s "Action Pack," Cleopatra 2525, will now be expanded ', 'Also getting the ax is Jack of All Trades, another tongue-in-cheek actioner from Studios USA, which starred  Bruce Campbell  as a spy during the Napoleonic era. The other half of Jack s Action Pack, Cleopatra 2525, will now be expanded ', 'Patrick s other film credits include The Faculty, Cop Land and the upcoming Texas Rangers and All the Pretty Horses. Other actors reportedly considered for the X-Files role included  Bruce Campbell , Hart Bochner and Lou Diamond Phillips.', 'Reporter, those on the short list to pinch-hit for the soon-to-be-AWOL David Duchovny include: cult actor  Bruce Campbell , of the Evil Dead series and the syndicated show Jack of All Trades; aging heartthrob Hart Bochner (Die Hard ', "the first time. Anyone alternate. And learn from experiences and re apply them. Talk about your relationship with  Bruce Campbell  that because he's such a part. Things you do what's this. Connection that the two you have what is this madness ", "from experiences and re apply them. -- Talk about your relationship with Bruce Campbell that because he's such a part. Things you do what's this. Connection that the two you have what is this madness. Well ", 'small town. And then. The gentleman who the the theater building. Got a hold listen and offered to sell it to us  Bruce Campbell  and some friends talked about buying the theater fixing it up. No one hand the money on an and a permanent. In my ', 'Got a hold -- listen and offered to sell it to us Bruce Campbell and some friends talked about buying the theater fixing it up. No one hand the money on an -- and a permanent. ', 'small town. And then. The gentleman who only the theater building. Got a hold listen and offered to sell it to us  Bruce Campbell  and some friends talked about buying the theater fixing it up. No one hand the money on an the In my maker about ', 'Got a hold -- listen and offered to sell it to us Bruce Campbell and some friends talked about buying the theater fixing it up. No one hand the money on an -- the -- In ', 'In one year in Iraq 165. Soldiers attached to.  Bruce Campbell  vision and more than fifty. Many of them severely. We have it a young soldier who is quadriplegic. And death. His spouse is ', 'In one year in Iraq 165. Soldiers attached to. Bruce Campbell vision -- and more than fifty. Many of them severely. We have it a young soldier who is quadriplegic. And death. His ']