['With Jon Stewart," Comedy Central; "Jimmy Kimmel Live," ABC; "Late Night With Jimmy Fallon," NBC; " Real Time With Bill Maher ," HBO; "Saturday Night Live," NBC. Children\'s Program: "Good Luck Charlie," Disney Channel ', "Gunn, Project Runway Ryan Seacrest, American Idol Betty White, Betty White's Off Their Rockers Variety Show The Colbert Report The Daily Show Jimmy Kimmel Live Late Night With Jimmy Fallon Show  Real Time With Bill Maher  Saturday Night Live", 'Is this what billionaires do for fun? Donald Trump is suing  Bill Maher  for $5 million for likening him to a monkey. Trump called into "Fox & Friends" Monday to say that he\'s suing Maher for going ', "holidays, when relatives of all ages congregate under one roof. I had my own cringe-tastic moment on Christmas while watching  Bill Maher 's HBO standup special with my mom and husband. (The joke that tipped the scale had to do with Martha Washington's privates ", 'That\'s not who I\'m voting for!\'" Rock said in the 2008 interview.  Bill Maher  While another comedian makes a mockery of Super PACs , liberal jokester  Bill Maher  put $1 million worth of support behind the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities ', 'That\'s not who I\'m voting for!\'" Rock said in the 2008 interview.  Bill Maher  While another comedian makes a mockery of Super PACs , liberal jokester  Bill Maher  put $1 million worth of support behind the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities ', 'That\'s not who I\'m voting for!\'" Rock said in the 2008 interview.  Bill Maher  While another comedian makes a mockery of Super PACs , liberal jokester  Bill Maher  put $1 million worth of support behind the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities ', 'That\'s not who I\'m voting for!\'" Rock said in the 2008 interview.  Bill Maher  While another comedian makes a mockery of Super PACs , liberal jokester  Bill Maher  put $1 million worth of support behind the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities ', 'That\'s not who I\'m voting for!\'" Rock said in the 2008 interview.  Bill Maher  While another comedian makes a mockery of Super PACs , liberal jokester  Bill Maher  put $1 million worth of support behind the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities ', 'That\'s not who I\'m voting for!\'" Rock said in the 2008 interview.  Bill Maher  While another comedian makes a mockery of Super PACs , liberal jokester  Bill Maher  put $1 million worth of support behind the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities ', 'That\'s not who I\'m voting for!\'" Rock said in the 2008 interview.  Bill Maher  While another comedian makes a mockery of Super PACs , liberal jokester  Bill Maher  put $1 million worth of support behind the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities ', 'That\'s not who I\'m voting for!\'" Rock said in the 2008 interview.  Bill Maher  While another comedian makes a mockery of Super PACs , liberal jokester  Bill Maher  put $1 million worth of support behind the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities ', 'That\'s not who I\'m voting for!\'" Rock said in the 2008 interview.  Bill Maher  While another comedian makes a mockery of Super PACs , liberal jokester  Bill Maher  put $1 million worth of support behind the pro-Obama Super PAC Priorities ', 'variety series are. The col reports. The daily show with Jon Stewart. Jimmy Kimmel Live. Late night with Jimmy  Real time with Bill Maher . And Saturday Night For outstanding miniseries or movie the nominees are. American horror story asylum. Behind ', 'Jimmy Kimmel Live. Late night with Jimmy -- Real time -- with Bill Maher . And Saturday Night -- For outstanding miniseries or movie the nominees are. American horror story asylum. Behind the candelabra. The Bible. Phil ', "There is nothing safe about HBO's  Bill Maher  the comedian takes on all comers all the time and equal opportunity hit man attacking everything from politics to public marriage ", "There is nothing safe about HBO's Bill Maher the comedian takes on all comers all the time and equal opportunity hit man attacking everything from politics to public marriage proposals. ", "At first He would ABC news chief Washington correspondent posted this week. George Stephanopoulos has come. I'd love AFC that you know you're better journalists for four more years now than you are actually in the game. So. But George what do you think is gonna happen North America. In thirty words", "All right so there's a new documentary out it's by comedian.  Bill Maher  it's called religion lists. He made up the words like called religion listen I think you could anywhere you want some people ", "All right so there's a new documentary out it's by comedian. Bill Maher it's called religion lists. He made up the words like called religion listen I think you could -- anywhere you want some "]