['George Stephanopoulos reveals the top stories that have people buzzing this week.', "taught. And most cultures. Is to give. Up part of one's earnings. To give part of one's good. And so we choose  Bill Cosby  who proves you can always go home and have always gave back.", "earnings. To give -- part of one's good. And so we choose Bill Cosby who proves you can always go home and have always gave back. ", "here. My kids are trying to take all our money. Your mother and I are rich. You have nothing. The show is based on  bill cosby 's stand-up routines. Four minutes later downstairs comes the 4-year-old. She is naked and wet. Come here ", "and I are rich. You have nothing. The show is based on bill cosby's stand-up routines. Four minutes later downstairs comes the 4-year-old. She is naked and wet. Come here. Shampoo in her hair ran into ", "robust three years old. You taught  bill cosby  a thing or two about the birds and 80s AND FUNNY AND You kept up with  bill cosby . Let's take a look. Well, of from? Your timing with the great  bill cosby  was pretty remarkable. Thank you ", 'on "the cosby show," 1989. A robust three years old. You taught bill cosby a thing or two about the birds and the bees. We\'ll take a look look. To the hospital, drops it in, somebody ', "child STAR OF THE '80s AND FUNNY AND You kept up with bill cosby . Let's take a look. Well, of course, he did it. Where did this cake come from? Your timing with the great bill cosby was pretty remarkable. Thank you. I had a good time with him. I appreciated it. There were a lot of people to ", 'expectations for forty some fifty some help women to look like when. Number this is reverse order 101 Rachael Ray.  Bill Cosby  Sean Mariah Carey. Usher I in his race where Jeremy Piven from entourage telling what kind of design entourage dvd it ', 'look like when. -- Number this is reverse order 101 Rachael Ray. Bill Cosby Sean -- Mariah Carey. Usher I in his race where Jeremy Piven -- from entourage telling what kind of design entourage dvd ', "its. It is come on now where aria c'mon bail plea date it's an infinite regression  Bill Cosby  sweater there yes. So what features an image of  Bill Cosby  wearing a sweater with a title causing our newsletter and so on and so on and alimony says ", "on now where aria c'mon bail plea date it's an infinite regression Bill Cosby sweater there yes. So what features an image of Bill Cosby wearing a sweater with a title causing our newsletter and so on and so on -- and alimony says He will not ", "Kennedy Center with the Mark Twain prize for American humor. She joked He joins the likes of funny folks like let's if  Bill Cosby  Steve Martin Whoopi Goldberg. Our congratulations to him and you can catch out when that ceremony airs October 31 on ", "He joins the likes of funny folks like let's -- if -- Bill Cosby Steve Martin Whoopi Goldberg. Our congratulations to him and you can catch out when that -- ceremony airs October 31 on PBS ", "early is diffuse the situation comedies that were families. The dads were kind of weekend Obama and a long conference.  Bill Cosby . You couldn't do it because I'd so. I am your father I brought you in this world and I'll take you out. Finally ", "The dads were kind of weekend Obama -- and a long conference. Bill Cosby . You couldn't do it because I'd -- so. I am your father I brought you in this world and I'll take you ", "they're very quickly undeniably the cutest child star of the also though really funny and he actually kept up with  Bill Cosby  was take a look. Cook he did it. didn't take them from. had a good time with him. I appreciate it it was a lot ", "on the carpet in all of that's that's like and that's part of what I signed up my but it you have to do have a  Bill Cosby  has to seek help you. An understanding industry He tell. And people respected him happened. You know I was on the ", 'I signed up my but it you have to do have a Bill Cosby has to seek help you. An understanding industry He tell. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ', "have to. The top of the charts the year Wall Street came out it was George Michael. The TV shows that ruled the roost  bill Cosby 's family ties and cheers. In Hollywood the big screen was obsessed by the dark side of the force. Different world ", "out it was George Michael. The TV shows that ruled the roost bill Cosby's family ties and cheers. In Hollywood the big screen was obsessed by the dark side of the force. Different world but some ", 'And the death. To report tonight a familiar face actor Robert Culp in our lives so long in 1965 you start alongside  Bill Cosby  and I spy part comedy part adventure. And an inter racial buddy show in prime time. After three years I He became a ', 'Robert Culp in our lives so long in 1965 you start alongside Bill Cosby and I spy part comedy part adventure. And an inter racial buddy show in prime time. After three years -- I -- ', 'Webcast: Values Voter Summit; The Week in Photos, High Fashion on the Great Wall of China', "crusade to improve the lives of African Americans comedian  Bill Cosby  and psychology professor Alvin who saw. Recently published community. And that they do have the power. To do it.  Bill Cosby  and who sought we're gonna churn out week in photos ", 'votes to a crusade to improve the lives of African Americans comedian Bill Cosby and psychology professor Alvin who saw. Recently published a book urging African Americans to solve the ills that continue to plague segments ', "that they do have the power. To do it. -- -- -- Bill Cosby and -- who sought we're gonna churn out -- -- week in photos a look at some of the stories you may ", "hangs around his home studio churning out up to tens spots today from the creative mind of  Bill Cosby  comes Fat Albert. From the creative mind of  Bill Cosby  comes Fat Albert. And that's another one down. You're doing room and she won the world ", "churning out up to tens spots today from the creative mind of Bill Cosby comes Fat Albert. From the creative mind of Bill Cosby comes Fat Albert. And that's another one down. You're doing room and she won the world your voice -- what you're -- ", "bush ran up his. Share of the African American vote in Ohio and got to be president to connect is going right after the  bill Cosby 's. It's great Memorial Day weekend quickly wasn't it reading this summer certainly respect it's I'm reading ", "and got to be president to connect is going right after the bill Cosby's . It's great Memorial Day weekend quickly wasn't it reading this summer certainly respect it's -- I'm reading I'm just wrote a book ", "religion and his upbringing. This is focused on responsibility in the black community was reminiscent of a similar by  Bill Cosby . What did you hit history. Why can't you clean it out yourself it out what time now ladies and it is our time. The ", "responsibility in the black community was reminiscent of a similar -- by Bill Cosby . What did you hit history. Why can't you clean it out yourself it out what time now ladies and it is our ", "about as well. And what we've got problems within our community we have to address it was the same kind of thing that  Bill Cosby  said a few years back that got such a big blow back. I think it was an important speech for Barack Obama to on of all ", 'we have to address it was the same kind of thing that Bill Cosby said a few years back that got such a big blow back. I think it was an important speech for Barack Obama ', "about as well. And what we've got problems within our community we have to address it was the same kind of thing that  Bill Cosby  said a few years back that got such a big blow back. I think it was an important speech for Barack Obama to on father's ", 'we have to address it was the same kind of thing that Bill Cosby said a few years back that got such a big blow back. I think it was an important speech for Barack Obama ', "I've been to some of these speeches where Obama is addressing a predominantly black audience and He gets up there.  Bill Cosby  style and talks about taking personal responsibility He lectures people about. Not to feeding the kids pot pies chicken ", 'Obama is addressing a predominantly black audience and He gets up there. Bill Cosby style and talks about taking personal responsibility He lectures people about. Not to feeding the kids pot pies chicken not letting them ']