['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', "There is nothing safe about HBO's  Bill Maher  the comedian takes on all comers all the time and equal opportunity hit man attacking everything from politics to public marriage ", "There is nothing safe about HBO's Bill Maher the comedian takes on all comers all the time and equal opportunity hit man attacking everything from politics to public marriage proposals. ", "At first He would ABC news chief Washington correspondent posted this week. George Stephanopoulos has come. I'd love AFC that you know you're better journalists for four more years now than you are actually in the game. So. But George what do you think is gonna happen North America. In thirty words", "All right so there's a new documentary out it's by comedian.  Bill Maher  it's called religion lists. He made up the words like called religion listen I think you could anywhere you want some people ", "All right so there's a new documentary out it's by comedian. Bill Maher it's called religion lists. He made up the words like called religion listen I think you could -- anywhere you want some ", 'Reporter: When she does venture out -- yeah, I saw meryl streep at a party one time and someone was about to introduce me to  bill maher . He was reaching his hand out and I literally put my hand in his face and go, not now, bill! And I just stared at her ', 'a party one time and someone was about to introduce me to bill maher . He was reaching his hand out and I literally put my hand in his face and go, not now, bill! And I ', 'she does venture out to a soiree acting royalty and lease or slap to. Yeah I saw Meryl Streep at a party one time to it to  Bill Maher  I had. And so he was reaching his hand on and literally. Put my hand in his face inlets in the even not that Bill Clinton ', 'at a party one time -- -- -- -- to it to Bill Maher I had. And so he was reaching his hand on -- and literally. Put my hand in his face inlets in the ', 'Bill Maher  boots Sept. 11 conspiracy theorists after interrupting his HBO show.', "choice now give me your college records of course the Obama administration didn't. Respond to that at all but bill comedian  Bill Maher . Did he went on the Tonight Show in light of what trump didn't city know what I'll donate five million dollars to a charity ", "the Obama administration didn't. Respond to that at all but bill comedian Bill Maher . Did he went on the Tonight Show in light of what trump didn't city know what I'll donate five million dollars to ", "are a great actor you know this is it so missing link in that which recently. How about Hyde Park on the Hudson starring  Bill Maher  yes you heard me Bill Murray as FDR. When he is married but having an affair with somebody else. I don't know what will ", "that which -- recently. How about Hyde Park on the Hudson starring Bill Maher yes you heard me Bill Murray as FDR. When he is married but -- having an affair with somebody else. I don't ", "the colbert report. The daily show with jon stewart. Jimmy kimmel live. Late night with jimmy fall lon.  Real time with bill maher . And saturday night live. Should I give a speech? That could have been uncomfortable. That's exciting ", "with jon stewart. Jimmy kimmel live. Late night with jimmy fall lon. Real time with bill maher . And saturday night live. Should I give a speech? That could have been uncomfortable. That's exciting. Nominees for a lead actress in ", "supposed to be here. They said he had a travel problem of some kind. That usually means drugs. What about your competition?  Bill maher  nominated for the first time. Jimmy fallon. Who are you worried about? They all stink. I don't think we have any chance ", "problem of some kind. That usually means drugs. What about your competition? Bill maher nominated for the first time. Jimmy fallon. Who are you worried about? They all stink. I don't think we have any chance ", "think. Well line of that without palmary it's it's hard to does he still apparently. Who could forget that scene where  Bill Maher  is knocking on your door and you. Possess and use it to him. Adhesive. Is this a question. That so that. That to just ", 'does he still -- -- apparently. Who could forget that scene where Bill Maher is knocking on your door and you. Possess and use it to him. Adhesive. Is this a -- question. That so that. ']