["thisweek THE ROUNDTABLE ABC's ARLETTE SAENZ: Get ready for a showing of political Groundhog Day in June (but instead of  Bill Murray , it will be 7 million college students) as President Obama and Republicans prepare to repeat their fight over student ", 'Day" follows meteorologist Phil Connors, played by  Bill Murray , and his producer, played by Andie MacDowell and the cast of the hugely popular comedy is up to now.  Bill Murray Bill Murray  starred as the lead character, Phil Connors, in ', 'actor, saying, "It\'s how people came to know me. It\'s good to get back to basics." He\'s starring alongside  Bill Murray  in the new movie, "The Last Glimpse of Charles Swan III," due out in limited release Feb. 8. "It\'s about love ', 'it\'s pathetic," Adams said of presumed front-runner Day-Lewis. Waiting in the wings as possible nominees:  Bill Murray  for his FDR portrayal in "Hyde Park" and "Joaquin Phoenix" for "The Master." Best Actress Adams\' picks: Jessica ', 'Cooper, "Silver Linings Playbook" Hugh Jackman, "Les Miserables" Ewan McGregor, "Salmon Fishing In The Yemen"  Bill Murray  "Hyde Park On Hudson" Best Performance by an Actress in A Supporting Role In A Motion Picture Amy Adams, "The Master ', 'Ghostbusters franchise are in part-owned by Sony, Aykroyd, director Ivan Reitman, co-writer Harold Ramis and  Bill Murray . Murray has held out from signing on to the third film for the past few years. Aykroyd hinted in the interview that ', 'has been to Kevin Bacon. Bruce Willis and Kevin Bacon may never have worked together, but they have both worked with  Bill Murray . That means the connection is made between two films. The higher the number, the looser the connection. Never heard ', 'insurance industry who also dabbled in film by producing the 2009 movie, "Get Low," featuring Robert Duvall and  Bill Murray , according to Elkhart County\'s local newspaper, the Elkhart Truth . In 2009, long before he died of a heart attack ', 'Ghostbusters: The Video Game" was well received and got  Bill Murray  involved in the series once more. In the three years Aykroyd claimed had the "comic role of a lifetime" for  Bill Murray . After Murray received the script last year, the word ', 'doing it unless it\'s perfect." The words echo what  Bill Murray  told David Letterman last month after Murray was asked we\'ll try again." Earlier this year Aykroyd counted  Bill Murray  out of the third film saying Murray would "not do the ', "The Zen of Bruce Willis: Action Star Talks New Baby, 'Die Hard 5' and 'Moonrise Kingdom'", 'acting heavyweights, including Oscar winners Frances McDormand and Tilda Swinton, along with nominees Edward Norton and  Bill Murray . Willis says the young stars in the cast were less than intimidated to be working with such renowned thespians ', 'simmering for decades, in February, Aykroyd told the Telegraph the film is "in suspended animation" because co-star  Bill Murray  "will not do the movie. He doesn\'t want to be involved." Jane Curtin The deadpan darling sowed her "SNL" oats ', "the answer was looking optimistic for the first time .  Bill Murray  was said to be walking the streets of New York whistling Harold Ramis feel there must be a way to do it, but  Bill Murray  will not do the movie. He doesn't want to be involved ", "candidate in celebration. 420. Should they go ahead when you're an and do it remember Amsterdam over the can't check  Bill Murray  had a big want to go to cattle Balkan human. I somebody out there remember everybody else Africa yeah. Do you remember ", "an -- and do it remember Amsterdam over the can't check -- Bill Murray had a big want to go to cattle Balkan human. I somebody out there remember everybody else -- Africa yeah. -- -- ", "And what do you think about that. there tonight. Really. And it's. Let him. You didn't read up their bill perfect This. And that's. And. My concern. Yeah okay. Okay.", "the message out I'm afraid sounds. It happens a lot. I'm not raining like somebody about it I got it. I like  Bill Murray  in. His that's it's this happen. Long on FaceBook and at W and and fans not. And on Twitter at ABC WS menus to ", "I'm not raining like somebody about it I got it. I like Bill Murray in. His -- that's -- it's this happen. Long -- -- on FaceBook and at W and and fans not. And on ", "predicting who's going to disney land. It's groundhog day awaiting the forecast for punxsutawney phil. If you're like  bill murray  thinking that this is another groundhog day. Think again. Super bowl sunday is upon us. Touchdown! Reporter: So ", "It's groundhog day awaiting the forecast for punxsutawney phil. If you're like bill murray thinking that this is another groundhog day. Think again. Super bowl sunday is upon us. Touchdown! Reporter: So this morning, we asked ", "them like a man. Are you a man? Of course I am. Show me. We should -- this is a dream sequence of the movie with  bill murray . Bill's amazing. Funny stuff. It was. You learned spanish for the movie. I don't know if I learned it. I learned ", "We should -- this is a dream sequence of the movie with bill murray . Bill's amazing. Funny stuff. It was. You learned spanish for the movie. I don't know if I learned it. I learned that "]