["And what do you think about that. there tonight. Really. And it's. Let him. You didn't read up their bill perfect This. And that's. And. My concern. Yeah okay. Okay.", "the message out I'm afraid sounds. It happens a lot. I'm not raining like somebody about it I got it. I like  Bill Murray  in. His that's it's this happen. Long on FaceBook and at W and and fans not. And on Twitter at ABC WS menus to ", "I'm not raining like somebody about it I got it. I like Bill Murray in. His -- that's -- it's this happen. Long -- -- on FaceBook and at W and and fans not. And on ", "predicting who's going to disney land. It's groundhog day awaiting the forecast for punxsutawney phil. If you're like  bill murray  thinking that this is another groundhog day. Think again. Super bowl sunday is upon us. Touchdown! Reporter: So ", "It's groundhog day awaiting the forecast for punxsutawney phil. If you're like bill murray thinking that this is another groundhog day. Think again. Super bowl sunday is upon us. Touchdown! Reporter: So this morning, we asked ", "them like a man. Are you a man? Of course I am. Show me. We should -- this is a dream sequence of the movie with  bill murray . Bill's amazing. Funny stuff. It was. You learned spanish for the movie. I don't know if I learned it. I learned ", "We should -- this is a dream sequence of the movie with bill murray . Bill's amazing. Funny stuff. It was. You learned spanish for the movie. I don't know if I learned it. I learned that ", "tailing two of the car dash eons. Ideal guest. Steve Martin is somebody I love we never come government on the show a  Bill Murray  is somebody that show I guess I guess I'm glad that there are still has many peoples' we've had on the show in ", "somebody I love -- we never come government on the show a Bill Murray is somebody that -- -- -- -- show I guess I guess I'm glad that there are still has many peoples' we've ", "is it so missing link in that which recently. How about Hyde Park on the Hudson starring Bill Maher yes you heard me  Bill Murray  as FDR. When he is married but having an affair with somebody else. I don't know what will happen but if you think ", "Hyde Park on the Hudson starring Bill Maher yes you heard me Bill Murray as FDR. When he is married but -- having an affair with somebody else. I don't know what will happen but if ", "And city will release teach English to the Jim Carlson and stage she worked the same stage that launched John Belushi  Bill Murray  Tina Fey and Gilda Radner. When not look at. On purpose because it's not attacked I mean we may be more crass ", "stage -- -- she worked the same stage that launched John Belushi Bill Murray Tina Fey and Gilda Radner. When -- -- not look at. On purpose because it's not attacked I mean we may be ", "million dollar Million dollar property for half price. Valley golf club community outside San Diego. It was his comedian  Bill Murray  and Korea and he's probably. For the men's golf movie caddy Putting her blue Cinderella story this unknown. And ", "price. Valley golf club community outside San Diego. It was his comedian Bill Murray and Korea and he's probably. For the men's golf movie caddy -- Putting her blue Cinderella story this unknown. And if you ", "So if this aerial attacks often do not it raises this question. Is it possible to love both cats and jobs. Norwood  Bill Murray  right in ghostbusters when he called it a sign of the apocalypse and sacrifice talk and can't planning together ", "this question. Is it possible to love both cats and jobs. Norwood Bill Murray right in ghostbusters when he called it a sign of the apocalypse and sacrifice talk and can't planning together. Harry did the ", "the new movie ms. rice kingdom is to kids love and run away we must agree don't things for. Them to work with you  Bill Murray  cuts and decorum and today I think they noted. Much easier because I don't think they really didn't. Who when ", "away we must agree don't things for. Them to work with you Bill Murray cuts and decorum and -- -- today -- -- I think they noted. Much easier because I don't think they really didn't. ", "there's a title for a movie that what's that mean to accept all you need to know if it starts Robert Duvall and  Bill Murray  and Sissy Spacek. And it's that kind of movie that small studio speak out in the summer when you're tired of seeing ", "accept all you need to know if it starts Robert Duvall and Bill Murray and Sissy Spacek. And it's that kind of movie that small studio speak out in the summer when you're tired of seeing ", "you just explain to what your character Felix is From  Bill Murray  in act. Two but. Yeah yeah he's back and I'm obviously dramatically the house. Please let this with a correct. I  bill Murray 's character like he fit everybody in Chicago dying ", "-- you just explain to what your character Felix is -- From Bill Murray in act. Two but. Yeah yeah he's back and I'm obviously. Very. Like character guy you know if fictionalized it was like situation guidance that's -- and goes -- if you. -- you to get something office chairs. -- driven and do this dramatically -- the house. Please let this -- with a -- correct. I -- bill Murray's character like he fit everybody in Chicago dying like flies but -- and it was dying I need to business Newton so ", "all sorts of decisions and we had to do Choose the visit I'm reminded of that old skit from Saturday night live with  Bill Murray  Gilda and owned the boutique sold. With tape and there one business wasn't very good you'll maybe it wasn't the ", "visit I'm reminded of that old skit from Saturday night live with Bill Murray Gilda -- and -- owned the -- boutique -- -- -- sold. With tape and there one -- -- business wasn't very ", "entertainment how do you decide on a project. You dove into the more dramatic waters it sounds like every you know  Bill Murray  isn't clear oh great comedic actors at some point attempted to see yeah. All right let's see what part what shops ", "dove into the more dramatic waters it sounds like every you know Bill Murray isn't clear oh great comedic actors at some point attempted to see yeah. All right let's see what part what -- shops ", "computer. Xbox 36 years Sony PlayStation 3 it's called ghostbusters the video game. And it features the voices of Dan  Bill Murray  and most of the cast from the ghostbusters movie. That's it for the webcast today don't forget you can leave a ", "ghostbusters the video game. And it features the voices of Dan -- Bill Murray and most of the cast from the ghostbusters movie. That's it for the webcast today don't forget you can leave a comment ", "the eighties franchise. Studios hire writers for ghostbusters three and is hoping to get the original cast remember  Bill Murray  Dan act He's hoping to get them back together winning years after the last film. Flash be the first to know what's ", "for ghostbusters three and is hoping to get the original cast remember Bill Murray Dan act -- He's hoping to get them back together winning years after the last film. Flash be the first to know "]