[' with those four words, and those were the words that he was preparing to record when he collapsed and died on Friday at these ', ". Now, his moderator's chair is empty, his voice has been stilled and our issue this sad Sunday morning is remembering and honoring our colleague and our friend with some of the men and women who worked with him and appeared here on ", ', so many moments that shaped and defined him and our nation. But, in this hour that ', ' occupied so proudly and did so well, we will focus on the remarkable things that he did right here on ', '," of which he said he was only the temporary custodian. For 17 years, of course, he was so much more than all of that. His great friend, the ', ' recordings of the people who have passed through these studios -- who they were, how they evolved and what they became.', ". We had diaries, we had letters. That's what allows historians to re-create those people who lived then. In this broadcast world, what these recordings will ", ' years from now is not just the questions he asked, not even just the answers he got, but which people were able to acknowledge errors, which people ruffled under his questions, which ones could share a laugh. You\'ll get the temperament of these people. They\'re going to come alive. You know, he loved that "', ' Minute" at the end, where the history could come back. And I keep imagining that maybe four or five election cycles from now, when we\'re in our 80s, we\'ll be dragged back to a bunch of young journalists and, and they will, they will say to us, "You knew ', '? You were there with him?" And we\'ll be able to know that we knew this man with this boyish enthusiasm. That\'s what the records won\'t show, but we\'ll know that.', 'What we should hope when we get into our 80s, however, is that they will not bring back some of the judgments that we made here on ', ' has a very large wooden sign in his office, and it\'s going to be our mantra for this morning. It says, "Thou shall not whine." And if I could add, I think, anything to that, thou shall not weep or cry this morning. This is a celebration, a time to remember. And if there was a signature for ', ", the questions were tough but always fair. Let's take a look at some of those questions, tough and fair, over the years here on ", 'Are these the kinds of things that governors should know, who the largest employers are, how many people live below the ', ': If I can defend every word that I speak and every word that I speak is truth, then I have nothing to apologize for.', "I think it's a -- that's an interesting question. Please elaborate on that a little bit. A war of choice or a war of necessity? It's a war of necessity.", '. There was no water, no food, no beds, no authorities there. There as no planning.', ' back and do an after-action report. But the time right now is to look at what the enormous tasks ahead are.', "Look, I was asked -- I shouldn't have said that, so you're going to -- I've been in ", " 25 years. You're going to find a lot of these, and it seems you've found them all here.", "No, I'm just trying to set the record, I'm trying to give you a chance to respond, which is fair."]