['two-and-a-half hours of alien invasion, exploding national monuments and a tear-jerking speech from President  Bill Pullman , as America\'s bravest (Randy Quaid!): "Fight for our freedom -- not from tyranny, oppression, or persecution ', 'and the "X-Men" series of movies. Last year, Janssen made her directorial debut with the Milla Jovovich and  Bill Pullman  fronted drama "Bringing Up Bobby." Kim Basinger Basinger made a living dabbling in modeling and TV gigs, but playing ', '65 percent of Americans say Obama better suited to handle alien invasion than Romney', "In the event that  Bill Pullman  isn't available, two-thirds of respondents to a new survey say that President Barack Obama would be better suited to handle ", 'president - but I love the movie and I love the idea of approaching national problems in a practical, everyday way. 8)  Bill Pullman  in "Independence Day." Another hero president - who saves the world and flies a plane. Cool. 9) Jack Lemmon and ', 'selects three finalists each month. Judges include directors Werner Herzog, Paul Schrader and Wim Wenders, and actors  Bill Pullman  and Colin Firth. The finalists, plus three runners-up selected as wild-card entrants, will get a small allowance ', 'selects three finalists each month. Judges include directors Werner Herzog, Paul Schrader and Wim Wenders, and actors  Bill Pullman  and Colin Firth. The finalists, plus three runners-up selected as wild-card entrants, will get a small allowance ', "about life in the White House and actually is connected to Obama as his former speechwriter. Offer President Obama and  Bill Pullman  that's gonna play the president. In the shelling started stand up comic who then been hired by the John Kerry campaign ", "is connected to Obama as his former speechwriter. Offer President Obama and Bill Pullman that's gonna play the president. In the -- shelling started stand up comic who then -- -- been hired by the John ", 'congress and the tension I think He probably rally the world it reminded me of that scene in. Independence Day when  Bill Pullman  is standing on the wing of the fighter jets rag tag band of would be fighter pilots just looking for someone to provide ', 'the world it reminded me of that scene in. Independence Day when Bill Pullman is standing on the wing of the fighter jets rag tag band of would be fighter pilots just looking for someone to ', "which are during and I think it's a great movie. I think she's starting to build sort of repertory because both  Bill Pullman  and last gesture in both movies the people can. Working room. Insurer is granting partner in producing. So it was ", "I think she's starting to build sort of repertory -- because both Bill Pullman and last gesture in both movies -- the people can. -- -- -- -- Working room. Insurer is granting partner in producing. "]