['to since "Friday Night Lights" wrapped. Connie Britton Britton, 46, played the head coach\'s wife opposite  Billy Bob Thornton  in the original movie, before reprising her role on the small screen and earning two Emmy nods. When "FNL" ended ', 'be an even number." "He\'s got that obsessive-compulsive thing where everything has to match," she said.  Billy Bob Thornton  The eccentric actor-turned-musician has talked about his OCD in 2004 with "Dateline"\'s Ann Curry, saying ', 'Travolta. (Emma Thompson, in a bit of odd casting that nevertheless works, plays the Hillary character. And  Billy Bob Thornton  is perfectly cast as chief adviser, although, one could argue, nobody plays James Carville better than James Carville ', 'You might call it an early indiscretion. Look at Angelina Jolie. At that age, she was cruising around town with  Billy Bob Thornton \'s blood in a vial and kissing her brother." "Certainly you can\'t really buy her as some innocent on screen ', "Quotes Of The Week: 'I Blew It Because I Didn't Think I Was Good Enough for Her'", 'to serve." Click here to read the full story \'I blew it because I didn\'t think I was good enough for her.\'  Billy Bob Thornton  has played an outlaw, Davy Crockett, and even the president of the United States in film, but in reality, this ', "mail system - Gmail - delivers your messages. Credit: Google 10:40 a.m. ET : ABC's Juju Chang sat down with  Billy Bob Thornton , who opened up about growing up in Arkansas, the real-life colorful characters that wormed their way into his ", "Billy Bob Thornton  Says He 'Blew' His Marriage to Angelina Jolie Because He Was 'Too Insecure'", 'Credit: ABC News  Billy Bob Thornton  has played an outlaw, Davy Crockett, even the president Watch ABC\'s Juju Chang\'s full interview with  Billy Bob Thornton  on "Nightline" on Wednesday at 11:35 p.m ', 'in finding his own way. He added, "Cameron grew up a single child in a bad marriage." Amanda Brumfield Actor  Billy Bob Thornton  \'s estranged daughter Amanda Brumfield was convicted last year of manslaughter in the death of a 1-year-old ', "9:40 a.m. ET : ABC's Juju Chang got a dose of the dark side over the weekend when she sat down with actor  Billy Bob Thornton : Credit: ABC News/Erin Brady", 'be an even number." "He\'s got that obsessive-compulsive thing where everything has to match," she said.  Billy Bob Thornton  The eccentric actor-turned-musician has talked about his OCD in 2004 with "Dateline"\'s Ann Curry, saying ', 'The estranged daughter of actor  Billy Bob Thornton  has been found guilty in the death of a 1-year-old child in Orlando. Amanda Brumfield, 32, was convicted of aggravated manslaughter ', 'and nominees before him have faked palsies (Daniel Day Lewis in "My Left Foot") and channeled mental illness ( Billy Bob Thornton  in "Sling Blade," Sean Penn in "I Am Sam"). 3. Put Jeff Bridges in it. He\'s rugged, he\'s real and he\'s ', 'set of a movie, "Mr. and Mrs. Smith," while he was married to Jennifer Aniston. Before that, she enticed  Billy Bob Thornton  away from then-fiancee Laura Dern. Both Jolie and Zeta-Jones are regulars in the tabloids, but like Taylor ', 'is music even trying to teach media seems to. Yet  Billy Bob Thornton  creative genius and Smith says he can barely read in Arkansas to his break up with Angelina Jolie.  Billy Bob Thornton  may be eccentric. Yet in many ways and he also gives ', "first love is music even trying to teach media seems to. Yet Billy Bob Thornton creative genius and -- Smith says he can barely read about the ADD and the dyslexia and. It's hard to explain to somebody how are reviewed. I can't read normally I can't pick up a book and read left to right and and get something out of -- sentence should say. He's new memoir the Billy Bob tapes are stories of his life he dictated from his poverty stricken childhood in Arkansas to his break up with Angelina Jolie. Billy Bob Thornton -- may be eccentric. Yet in many ways and he also gives us a glimpse into his rich life. For Good Morning ", "bit of Hollywood trivia what Oscar winning writer. Can barely read. That is  Billy Bob Thornton  and his struggles with Alexia just one of the fascinating slivers. Of an unlikely leading man's life there also bizarre eating ", "of Hollywood trivia what Oscar winning writer. Can barely read. That is Billy Bob Thornton and his struggles with -- Alexia -- just one of the fascinating slivers. Of an unlikely leading man's life there also bizarre ", "Billy Bob Thornton  joins us now thanks for coming in and what a fun way to a book you it all out with Kinky Friedman. Yeah well it's. There would ", 'Billy Bob Thornton joins us now thanks for coming in and what a fun way to -- a book you -- it all out with ', "And the estranged daughter of actor  Billy Bob Thornton  has been convicted of manslaughter in Florida. Thornton's daughter Amanda Brown field was found guilty of aggravated manslaughter ", "And the estranged daughter of actor Billy Bob Thornton has been convicted of manslaughter in Florida. Thornton's daughter Amanda Brown field was found guilty of aggravated manslaughter of a child. That ", 'wore a shirt to the wedding that had his name on it. Written in her blood. And that of course she famously married  Billy Bob Thornton  in Vegas so this is not any one of those Angelina weddings this is going to be a very enemy and to be went well ', 'it. Written in her blood. And that of course she famously married Billy Bob Thornton in Vegas so this is not any one of those -- -- Angelina weddings this is going to be a very -- ', "decade he goes on this Rampage try to. Again avenge his brother's death that happened during the bank robbery  Billy Bob Thornton  is in it is well let's listen to a clip and and I think. But boy they killed. Us my brother. Kimberly on the ", "Again avenge his brother's death that happened during the bank robbery -- Billy Bob Thornton is in it is well let's listen to a clip and and -- -- -- I think. But boy they killed. Us ", "I don't think anyone would have known this but  Billy Bob Thornton  has come out and said don't blame me. For Tea of broken up before any of this happen. But now  Billy Bob Thornton  is making a public statement saying despite text ", "didn't say anything I don't think anyone would have known this but Billy Bob Thornton has come out and said don't blame me. For Tea Leoni and David Duchovny splitting up so yesterday they announced they were splitting up. There's been all these you know people have been talking about his sex addiction apparently they were kind of broken up before any of this happen. But now Billy Bob Thornton is making a public statement saying despite text messages -- whenever you hear not true. "]