['the Muhammad Ali Parkinson Center on March 23, starring Jennifer Lopez, Steve Martin and The Steep Canyon Rangers,  Billy Crystal , Billy Ray Cyrus, Rita Wilson and much more, go to Celebrity Fight Night .', "year's nominees like Bradley Cooper, Sally Field, Jennifer Lawrence and Denzel Washington, and stars including  Billy Crystal , Marisa Tomei, Whoopi Goldberg, Cuba Gooding, Jr., as well as Dawn Hudson, Academy CEO, all help Couric celebrate ", 'proved he was able to keep up with much younger actors by performing a series of one-handed pushups. We\'re sold: " Billy Crystal . God. I crap bigger than him." Roberto Benigni - Best Foreign Language Film, Life Is Beautiful After walking over ', 'ark as Christiane Amanpour previewed her "Back to the Beginning" special; spoke to comedy icons Bette Midler and  Billy Crystal , among other reports. ABC News\' "Nightline" is anchored by Cynthia McFadden, Terry Moran and Bill Weir. Juju ', 'confusion that comes with it, has been immortalized in countless movies and TV shows. In "When Harry Met Sally,"  Billy Crystal \'s baffled Harry wonders, " What does this song mean? My whole life, I don\'t know what this song means. I mean ', 'a Christmas family comedy starring Bette Midler and  Billy Crystal  - was canceled last weekend in the wake of the Connecticut bears when it comes to violent incidents such as this.  Billy Crystal  told ABC News that movie violence is always blamed ', 'individuals personally affected by the Superstorm gathered on stage. The telecast featured celebrity appearances by  Billy Crystal , Susan Sarandon, Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, Kristen Stewart, Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Diddy, Olivia Wilde ', 'included actors Toby Maguire and Salma Hayek, designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian  Billy Crystal . "I\'m disillusioned by the people who are disillusioned by Obama, quite honestly, I am," Clooney said on ', 'included actors Toby Maguire and Salma Hayek, designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian  Billy Crystal . "I\'m disillusioned by the people who are disillusioned by Obama, quite honestly, I am," Clooney said on ', 'included actors Toby Maguire and Salma Hayek, designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian  Billy Crystal . "I\'m disillusioned by the people who are disillusioned by Obama, quite honestly, I am," Clooney said on ', '10th season. Previous recipients of the Mark Twain Prize include Richard Pryor, Whoopi Goldberg, Steve Martin,  Billy Crystal , George Carlin, Bill Cosby, Tina Fey and Will Ferrell.', 'included actors Toby Maguire and Salma Hayek, designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian  Billy Crystal . "I\'m disillusioned by the people who are disillusioned by Obama, quite honestly, I am," Clooney said on ', 'included actors Toby Maguire and Salma Hayek, designer Diane Von Furstenberg, singer Barbara Streisand and comedian  Billy Crystal . "I\'m disillusioned by the people who are disillusioned by Obama, quite honestly, I am," Clooney said on ', "they've done it again in a movie called monsters university it's a prequel. Two monsters and where we thought  Billy Crystal  who voiced his character John Goodman. Try to scare children to death now they're young and they go back to school ", "called monsters university it's a prequel. Two monsters and where we thought Billy Crystal who voiced his character -- John Goodman. Try to scare children to death now they're young and they go back to school ", 'days in "monster university."  Billy crystal  is here. I don\'t mean to get tears. Now, get off. Welcome to  billy crystal . Thanks for being here. Thanks across, leaving a slime thing.  Billy crystal , thanks very much. That\'s ', 'from "monster\'s inc." Will look at their college days in "monster university." Billy crystal is here. I don\'t mean to get emotional. But everything in my life has led to this moment. It\'s not just the beginning of my dream. But all of our dreams. Phil, keep using the oiptment until that thing goes away. I wish you all the best. Thank you all so much. I\'m welling up with tears. Now, get off. Welcome to billy crystal . Thanks for being here. Thanks. We just heard josh about to tell us about the in depth research for "the killing season." ', "then, you have a big slug walking across, leaving a slime thing. Billy crystal , thanks very much. That's it? That's it. What did I do? That's it? I'd love to say -- we have ", 'now three decades after they met. Bette Midler and  Billy Crystal  are joining forces on the silver screen for the first miss Stanwyck. Knowing that I would bet Midler and  Billy Crystal  at the theme music theater to talk about their new film ', "Hollywood fame and now three decades after they met. Bette Midler and Billy Crystal are joining forces on the silver screen for the first time and they tell Michael -- -- McFadden all about going from old friends. To new co stars. And we would be shooting Padilla and we'd have a little loan. And that would have a back to me I would do this I'll miss Stanwyck. Knowing that I would bet Midler and Billy Crystal at the theme music -- theater to talk about their new film parental guidance. I -- I -- what I read that ", "neil patrick harris kills it again. What a superstar. Exactly. He's going to be the emmys host in the fall. The  billy crystal  of this. He is fantastic. The greatest ad for broadway that you could get. Incredibly entertaining, funny, huge ", "Exactly. He's going to be the emmys host in the fall. The billy crystal of this. He is fantastic. The greatest ad for broadway that you could get. Incredibly entertaining, funny, huge owe vague and had ", 'And abruptly pulled out fact  Billy Crystal  cracking jokes about agreeing has the story. Back funnyman  Billy Crystal  has once again put a smile on unfamiliar with his Oscars did.  Billy Crystal  is so synonymous with the Oscars ', "host the Oscars after Eddie Murphy. And abruptly pulled out -- fact Billy Crystal cracking jokes about agreeing to return to the stage for Hollywood's biggest night. An ABC's Chris currently has the story. Back funnyman Billy Crystal has once again put a smile on Oscar loving faces since my. My grass roots run for governor didn't -- called this. ", 'comedic lead with twenty somethings unfamiliar with his -- -- Oscars did. Billy Crystal is so synonymous with the Oscars that I think people. Think just love the idea of him hosting again and he gets ', "were going back to future at least in a way because  Billy Crystal  is returning to take on hosting duties and well we've itself. And that was on And that more or less from  Billy Crystal  online dot com again Oscar dot com it launches today ", "show were going back to future at least in a way because Billy Crystal is returning to take on hosting duties and well we've got an exclusive first look at exactly what Billy's. -- I think ", 'was on -- -- -- And that -- more or less from Billy Crystal online -- -- dot com again Oscar dot com it launches today. Plus video of the most amazing moments -- Academy Awards ', "Billy Crystal  has made a career of being funny and looking model that's from I went there. But it wasn't always line the filly came up with all have what she's So you you get you know you get gifts when you get  Billy Crystal .", "Billy Crystal has made a career of being funny and looking model that's from -- I went there. But it wasn't always the guy "]