[' had a great -- that question was not just idle speculation. He wanted to land on the ', " and everyone else has said, there's, there's no way people could really comprehend the depth of planning and preparation that ", ". And I can tell you, old pal, from the heart, that I, I can certainly comply with one half of your request. I won't whine, but I can't commit...", ' to not crying. Because we sit here on this set with this in the backdrop. And, as ', '. He loved it as a vehicle, an educational vehicle for everyone out there. For everyone out there. For ', '. And we will all continue, but it will just never, ever be the same; although I will hear his laugh forever.', 'And "This is wild," which is another favorite comment that he would say at the end of a broadcast, or "This is big." He would come here ', ', earlier than anybody else who ever prepared for these broadcasts, like, 6, 6:30. Right, ', 'And he would rehearse the questions. I mean, he would read them out and, and look to the camera and do them, and anticipate as she...', 'Yeah. Well, he, he had that -- he, he would have made a great prosecutor. And in the sense, sometimes, although always quite fairly, as ', ' pointed out, he was a prosecutor on behalf of the public good here. He was going to get to the news, he was going to get to the story, he was going to get to the truth. And he knew how to do it skillfully and fairly, and never condescendingly. And there was always attached to ', '." He was also the great uber priest. I would actually get a pass from my own pastor not to go to church on Sundays if I was going to be on ', ' was a- -I thought it was so interesting, the way he tried to get people to come on the ', ". Talk about being prepared, he'd hound you for months on end. And he would always call me, I remember, after -- when ", ' was running then after he was elected, he would call me all the time to check on me, see how I was doing. Then he\'d kind of veer the question to, you know, "', ' needs to come on the show. He can\'t get respect until he comes on the show. It\'s a rite of passage. He needs to be on this show. And, you know, he\'s not going to be anybody until he comes on this show." And', 'eventually he was right, you know. And I saw people on the Republican side prepare to go on that show, and I saw my uncle on the Democratic side sit down and prepare to go on that show. And people were equally terrified, I think, to go on that show. And they also prepared, because, as everybody said, they knew ', "And I loved the way he -- he'd go after people to get on that show. He really worked that angle just as much as being prepared once they finally agreed."]