['Nicolaus, told ABCNews.com last month . "Is he the right person to sell to a 24-year old kid?"  Billy Mays , OxiClean and OrangeGlo  Billy Mays  was a ubiquitous TV presence for years as the salesman for products like Orange Glo and OxiClean ', 'Infomercial Dud: Mighty Putty With an irresistible name, this "super-powered epoxy" made famous by the late pitchman  Billy Mays  sticks to "most any surface," can "support up to 350 pounds." That\'s all true, says Consumer Reports. The problem ', 'California. This summer, after 18 years in captivity, she made national news when she was reunited with her family. 9)  Billy Mays : The television pitchman died in June of heart disease. 8) Jon and Kate Gosselin: The ongoing television saga of ', 'as the son of television pitchman  Billy Mays  is beginning to find out. Mays died stated mission to honor his father,  Billy Mays  III is sponsoring a Hallow-clean encouraging fans to dress up as a dead  Billy Mays  for Halloween. Cyber reaction has ', 'Jackson, Fawcett and Kennedy: Summer of 2009 Memorable for Who Failed to Survive It', 'and Jackson\'s death , at least 10 other high-profile people died. At the end of June, 50-year-old pitchman  Billy Mays  -- made famous for his gimmicky "As Seen on TV" ads for such products as OxyClean -- was found dead in his Florida ', 'name of them," he said. It\'s a story that\'s become all too familiar recently. In June, popular TV pitchman,  Billy Mays  died of heart failure. Weeks later, the autopsy revealed cocaine as a "contributory cause of death." It\'s a finding ', 'was later dropped. And the other day, news broke that  Billy Mays , best known for hawking cleaning products Orange Glo settled the cases. OxiClean and That Other White Powder  Billy Mays  was energetic, loud and exciting when pitching products ', 'contributing factor to the death by heart disease of TV pitchman  Billy Mays  , according to a toxicology report released today by Authorities were skeptical of a connection. "Trying to link  Billy Mays \' untimely death to the emergency landing of the US Airways ', 'with just a quick spray or two. The product is supposed to look like real hair and stands up to rain. Oxi Clean As  Billy Mays , who recently died, used to say when pitching this product: "It\'s Amazing." The cleaner is purportedly makes ', "for another celebrity to die. Given how many people we tend to elevate to this status, this shouldn't take long.  Billy Mays  and Gayle Storm, for example, died as I wrote this. Or we could go back in time. If Jackson hadn't died, then ", 'released today indicate that famously bearded TV pitchman  Billy Mays \' death was not caused by head trauma but, rather Authorities were skeptical of a connection. "Trying to link  Billy Mays \' untimely death to the emergency landing of the US Airways ', "go, the community toolbar: Another great weapon to add to your e-arsenal. Today's Tip: The news that pitchman  Billy Mays  passed away suddenly and unexpectedly was sad. Want to learn how to sell better? Watch some of his infomercials. Billy ", 'time without beloved TV pitch man.  Billy Mays  but his fellow pitch man and good because it is hard to believe that  Billy Mays  has been. Gone for a little more products do it for the is due at the  Billy Mays  and took to all I wanted to do this ', "second season this Thursday but this time without beloved TV pitch man. Billy Mays but his fellow pitch man -- and good friend Anthony Sully Sullivan continues to show. On the quest to make inventors dreams come true Sully is joining us today to talk about the new season either selling. I got my thanks avenue is great beyond this out really happy -- -- stop by in I have to start off right off the top because it is hard to believe that Billy Mays has been. Gone for a little more than a year he died last summer it in I'm curious being as so close ", 'behind the products do it for the -- is due at the Billy Mays and took -- to all I wanted to do this because we started I wanted to finish it. And it was very ', "Well let's talk about the second season -- as it continues in Billy Mays is honor so to speak pitchman. Is now back scouring the country and holding pitch -- -- now explain to the people ", 'have so many that follow you and to say congratulations. Things on a look at just that. When I saw you in the audience  Billy Mays  said your name up I feel like. How Kenyon be surprise that. I so genuinely did not think I was going really and now ', 'a look at just that. When I saw you in the audience Billy Mays said your name -- -- -- up I feel like. How Kenyon be surprise that. I so genuinely did not think I ', 'like the sudden deaths of Michael Jackson and pitchman  Billy Mays  was raised serious questions about hidden addiction yourself super extend their arms in June popular TV pitchman  Billy Mays  died of heart failure. The autopsy revealed cocaine ', "But the crash like the sudden deaths of Michael Jackson and pitchman Billy Mays was raised serious questions about hidden addiction. As Andrea -- now reports. It's the car crash that's gripped the nation and devastated ", "give yourself -- super extend their arms in June popular TV pitchman Billy Mays died of heart failure. The autopsy revealed cocaine as a contributory cause of death. Something his family also won't accept -- -- ", "America's pitchman fifteen year old  Billy Mays  sadly and suddenly passed away on weeks after a fatal heart attack.  Billy Mays  is back on the airwaves pitching can do it for a really long time.  Billy Mays  was not just demand but an industry ", "Dan Harris in -- ground in Namibia. America's pitchman fifteen year old Billy Mays sadly and suddenly passed away on June 28 of a likely heart attack. In life He was the king of the 300 ", "of the -- -- Only two weeks after a fatal heart attack. Billy Mays is back on the airwaves pitching his miracle products. With his family's permission -- has been allowed to keep pitching from the great. But it's somewhat uncharted territory in the world of advertising to continue being fronted by a man who isn't there. I would guess that if they're doing it in a tasteful way and it in if it's in memory -- -- stuff. They're okay to do it for awhile but I don't know that they can do it for a really long time. Billy Mays was not just demand but an industry is supporting thousands of jobs that depended on creating making and shipping the products He ", "and and they did the mighty is beyond TV I'll triple it Billy Mays will continue stepping up the -- This is Brian Rooney for Nightline. That's our report for tonight I'm Cynthia McFadden the -- ", "I you'd most like it cool the  Billy Mays  cut muscle pull that pop scene and fix is filled the seals on has just about anything. Well today we joined by the man behind ", "I you'd most like it cool the Billy Mays cut muscle pull that pop scene and fix is filled the seals on -- has just about anything. Well today we joined "]