["Yeah, the first holy father from this country. If he'd gone into politics, he certainly would have been a governor and maybe president of the ", '. He had enormous ambition, and people need to know about that, and I mean it in the right sense of the word. He had this path that he could never have imagined as a working-class kid from ', ", that would take him to the summit, and he wasn't going to, he wasn't going to forfeit his opportunities along the way.", "And ambition, ambition is a worthy thing, though, if it's put in the purpose of the country.", "And I think it's important for people to understand that. You know, a couple weeks ago when ", ' had once said to me that, if her children who died young, could to come back, meaning ', ", they would still choose the lives they've been given to lead even though they had shortness of years because they had such productivity, such achievement. And ", ' said to me, you know, "I would feel that way, too. If I, if I didn\'t have any more right now, I\'ve had the life that I\'ve wanted to lead, except that I want to see ', ' grow up. I want to see him have a child. I want to have him be a father." And I just keep thinking about how extraordinary his life was, just as ', ' said, everything he had he loved. He said, "I love my family, I love sports, I love this program." The people around him loved him, so he led a full life. He just wasn\'t give the length of years that he deserved.', '. And he brought to this table, to this form, to his life, elements of what we used to call working priests, ', ", dealing with people who were damaged, the most vulnerable among us. That's what he brought to his life, this program, each and every day. He recognized the flaws in ", ', one of the things I -- that reminds me of, one of the -- this has been a horrible weekend, and one of the most calming, soothing things was told to me by a friend of ours who used to work with this program, ', ' who were all talking to each other and always told stories, and he was a great Irish storyteller. But that she was comforted by the idea that somewhere, ', ', are standing, they\'re holding the door open, saying, "Catch me up on what\'s been going on. I hear it\'s been a great year."', "You know, I don't -- the only comfort I found in the, in the events of the last several days is that, in many ways, this is the greatest year of ", 'And he did not want that primary season to end. He just -- I mean, we would say, "OK, this is the last Tuesday night. There can\'t possibly be..." "No, bring it on. More, more, more, more!" you know. And, and he just -- that enthusiasm that he brought to it, and he loved, he loved every minute of it. He loved every minute of it.']