['have so many that follow you and to say congratulations. Things on a look at just that. When I saw you in the audience  Billy Mays  said your name up I feel like. How Kenyon be surprise that. I so genuinely did not think I was going really and now ', 'a look at just that. When I saw you in the audience Billy Mays said your name -- -- -- up I feel like. How Kenyon be surprise that. I so genuinely did not think I ', 'like the sudden deaths of Michael Jackson and pitchman  Billy Mays  was raised serious questions about hidden addiction yourself super extend their arms in June popular TV pitchman  Billy Mays  died of heart failure. The autopsy revealed cocaine ', "But the crash like the sudden deaths of Michael Jackson and pitchman Billy Mays was raised serious questions about hidden addiction. As Andrea -- now reports. It's the car crash that's gripped the nation and devastated ", "give yourself -- super extend their arms in June popular TV pitchman Billy Mays died of heart failure. The autopsy revealed cocaine as a contributory cause of death. Something his family also won't accept -- -- ", "America's pitchman fifteen year old  Billy Mays  sadly and suddenly passed away on weeks after a fatal heart attack.  Billy Mays  is back on the airwaves pitching can do it for a really long time.  Billy Mays  was not just demand but an industry ", "Dan Harris in -- ground in Namibia. America's pitchman fifteen year old Billy Mays sadly and suddenly passed away on June 28 of a likely heart attack. In life He was the king of the 300 ", "of the -- -- Only two weeks after a fatal heart attack. Billy Mays is back on the airwaves pitching his miracle products. With his family's permission -- has been allowed to keep pitching from the great. But it's somewhat uncharted territory in the world of advertising to continue being fronted by a man who isn't there. I would guess that if they're doing it in a tasteful way and it in if it's in memory -- -- stuff. They're okay to do it for awhile but I don't know that they can do it for a really long time. Billy Mays was not just demand but an industry is supporting thousands of jobs that depended on creating making and shipping the products He ", "and and they did the mighty is beyond TV I'll triple it Billy Mays will continue stepping up the -- This is Brian Rooney for Nightline. That's our report for tonight I'm Cynthia McFadden the -- ", "I you'd most like it cool the  Billy Mays  cut muscle pull that pop scene and fix is filled the seals on has just about anything. Well today we joined by the man behind ", "I you'd most like it cool the Billy Mays cut muscle pull that pop scene and fix is filled the seals on -- has just about anything. Well today we joined "]