["James Cameron: Despite Mistakes in Original 'Titanic,' Not One Frame Was Changed in 'Titanic 3-D'", 'exclsuive interview with James Cameron on " Nightline " TONIGHT at 11:35 p.m. ET/PT Movie stars Kate Winslet,  Billy Zane  and others dazzled on the red carpet in London today for the world premiere of "Titanic 3-D," 15 years after the ', 'Winslow Homer 1942 Joe Lieberman 1955 Steve Jobs 1956 Paula Zahn 1958 Mark Moses 1964 Todd Field 1965 Kristin Davis 1966  Billy Zane  1968 Mitch Hedberg 1977 Bronson Arroyo View more videos from This Month in History: February', 'at Abu Ghraib to sell to rich transplant patients in Tel Aviv, London, and New York. The film\'s main villain is  Billy Zane  as a psychotic Christian fundamentalist. The film has been widely characterized as anti-American . "We were unaware ', "an attack on a mosque during evening prayers, but it typecasts the Americans as evil and psychotic. Gary Busey and  Billy Zane  are the American stars. Busey plays the doctor in Abu Ghraib, and Zane's American commander is a self-righteous ", 'The eye candy was provided by a revolving door of celebrity appearances by stars like Traci Lords, Rachel Hunter,  Billy Zane , Stephen Baldwin, Julie Delpy, James Duval, and surrounded by handlers and hidden in a private room Mick Jagger, who ', 'The eye candy was provided by a revolving door of celebrity appearances by stars like Traci Lords, Rachel Hunter,  Billy Zane , Stephen Baldwin, Julie Delpy, James Duval, and surrounded by handlers and hidden in a private room Mick Jagger, who ', 'power-crazed celebrities running amok? To your list of star stunts, please add these new entries from Titanic baddie  Billy Zane  and Dr. Evil portrayer Mike Myers. Proving that "titanic" isn\'t just a name on his resume, the large-egoed Zane ', 'power-crazed celebrities running amok? To your list of star stunts, please add these new entries from Titanic baddie  Billy Zane  and Dr. Evil portrayer Mike Myers. Proving that "titanic" isn\'t just a name on his resume, the large-egoed Zane ', 'power-crazed celebrities running amok? To your list of star stunts, please add these new entries from Titanic baddie  Billy Zane  and Dr. Evil portrayer Mike Myers. Proving that titanic isn t just a name on his resume, the large-egoed Zane reportedly ', "A sneak peek at the new legal drama that has so many people talking about a group of young lawyers who have just signed up for their first year in a law firm. The show is called the deep and star. Name. Thank you this evening news looking good so so that He had the deep and I've heard on the street"]