["have the power to end it. I joined my wife Ali Wentworth as well as Whoopi Goldberg, Naomi Watts, Annie Lennox,  Blair Underwood , Denis O'Hare and Sujean Rim to create this PSA. It's a global effort that needs your help - CLICK HERE to see ", 'performances have earned him two Golden Globe nominations and a Grammy Award, but tonight will be the first time actor  Blair Underwood  steps onto the Broadway stage. Underwood makes his Broadway debut Tennessee Williams\' classic play "Streetcar Named ', 'battle with cancer. And those stars that go to extremes for weight loss? He\'s already taken "The Event" star  Blair Underwood  to task for promoting the Master Cleanse, a diet where you subsist on a mixture of lemon juice, maple syrup and ', 'battle with cancer. And those stars that go to extremes for weight loss? He\'s already taken "The Event" star  Blair Underwood  to task for promoting the Master Cleanse, a diet where you subsist on a mixture of lemon juice, maple syrup and ', "there's an alternate way of life. Dr. Robert Leeds/ Blair Underwood  In one of the hotter storylines from the series, Miranda hooked up with  Blair Underwood 's character, Robert Leeds, a charming sports medicine ", "there's an alternate way of life. Dr. Robert Leeds/ Blair Underwood  In one of the hotter storylines from the series, Miranda hooked up with  Blair Underwood 's character, Robert Leeds, a charming sports medicine ", 'Melissa George), a beautiful young woman whose sexual foibles include her crush on her doctor. Tuesday is Alex ( Blair Underwood ), a combative Navy pilot there because he bombed an Iraqi school by mistake. Wednesday is would-be Olympic gymnast ', 'low-maintenance celebrity to say, \'This is awesome. I\'m having the time of my life.\'" That\'s the approach  Blair Underwood , who is scheduled to perform tonight, appears to be taking. "It\'s a very profound history lesson," he told ', 'Judd are among many celebs stepping into their gowns for the event. Actors slated to join in include Josh Lucas,  Blair Underwood , Adrian Grenier and Spike Lee. A Solid Start to a Full Day: Breakfast and Brunch Open City: The popular diner ', "Barack Obama: 'I Accept Your Nomination for the Presidency of the United States'", 'celebrities like Oprah Winfrey\'s best friend Gayle King and actors Cicely Tyson, Lou Gossett Jr., Alfre Woodard and  Blair Underwood , gathered for breakfast in Denver. "I hope I can remain upright in my chair," King told ABC News of Obama\'s ', 'A few years ago, actor  Blair Underwood  decided to take race off the table when it came to choosing which roles to play. The decision does not appear to have hurt him ', "Black Leaders, Celebrities in Denver for Obama Camp 'Unity' Breakfast on MLK Anniversary", "celebrities like Oprah Winfrey's best friend Gayle King, Cicely Tyson, Lou Gossett Jr., and actors Alfrie Woodard and  Blair Underwood , gathered for breakfast in Denver today on the anniversary of Martin Luther King's famed 'I Have a Dream Speech ", 'you\'ll never forget him if you see him in the broadway revival in "a streetcar named desire" please welcome  blair underwood ! . . Blair, great to have you. Hard to believe, your broadway debut, right down there. Eight shows a week ', 'him in the broadway revival in "a streetcar named desire" please welcome blair underwood ! . . Blair, great to have you. Hard to believe, your broadway debut, right down there. Eight shows a week. How are ', "thank you, first of all, intern kristin, well done. Great work out of you. And rebecca george, for dropping by and saving me tons of and tons of cash. We'll have this information for you on our website.  Blair underwood  coming up.", "tons of cash. We'll have this information for you on our website. Blair underwood coming up. ", "Pelosi and Colin Powell. Hollywood directors M. Night Shyamalan and Steven Spielberg and actors Alfre Woodard and  Blair Underwood  and even yours truly. We're escorted to the South Lawn of the White House. Where white tent with a glass ceiling ", "directors M. Night Shyamalan and Steven Spielberg and actors Alfre Woodard and Blair Underwood and even yours truly. We're escorted to the South Lawn of the White House. Where white tent with a glass ceiling and ", "celebrities to speak about challenges that they have had in their lives how they manage their pain or or depression.  Blair Underwood  spoke about his mother's depression how it impacted on the family. Mike Tyson spoke about it shared something about ", "their lives how they manage their pain or -- or -- depression. Blair Underwood spoke about his mother's depression -- how it impacted on the family. Mike Tyson spoke about it -- shared something about. What ", 'today. Hollywood is getting a piece of the action. Denzel Washington in Cuba Gooding junior are lending their as his  Blair Underwood  heard here. And when that storm hits there is a Bible just for you waterproof libel. After all you never know how ', 'Washington in Cuba Gooding junior are lending their -- -- as his Blair Underwood heard here. -- -- And when that storm hits there is a Bible just for you -- waterproof libel. After all you ', 'today. Hollywood is getting a piece of the action. Denzel Washington in Cuba Gooding junior are lending their as his  Blair Underwood  heard here. And when that storm hits there is a Bible just for you waterproof libel. After all you never know how ', 'Washington in Cuba Gooding junior are lending their -- -- as his Blair Underwood heard here. -- -- And when that storm hits there is a Bible just for you -- waterproof libel. After all you ']