["He loved, he loved his friends. He never -- and that's not always across the board in this town. He never left anybody. He stood up for his friends, and it wasn't that we just loved him. He loved his friends and took care of them. And unlike most of this town, which is transactional, you weren't just his friend when you were in. If you were out of office, he still called you and he still was -- he just was loved because he was such a lover of people.", "He had, he had that reservoir of loyalty that so few people have. And I would think, especially in this city where I don't live but I've always likened it to what I call elevator loyalty, if you and I are going to the sixth floor to the first floor and I'm your friend and I'm very loyal, we get out you go that way, I go that way and I'm killing you half a block away. ", ' was loyal. He was loyal. You were his friend. He admired you or he liked you or whatever, he would remain loyal to you through thick and thin, through -- ', ' and Me." And even though he rose to the heights, being one of the most important journalists in ', ', a guy who could drive a political debate in this country, had all the good fortune that goes with the success that he had, he never forgot his ', ". I think it's huge testimony to how they felt about him in his hometown. And we thought we would share with you just a few of the hundreds of thousands of references to ", ' the fish. Hold the e-mails, I know dolphins are mammals, but, you know, squish the fish.', ' just scored? I\'m so happy for you." And I go like, "Man you got to go to sleep, you got to do the show tomorrow." If, if you were pulling for a team and you were a friend of his, he\'d be for the team. You know, everybody.', ', phone rings."Hey, buddy, do you see what\'s going on out there? You see the run they\'re putting on?"', '. But if you had a team, he followed his friends teams, and the number -- and the -- ......stadium, ', ' will win it. And I looked at him, and I said, "Look, I think you\'ve crossed the line here." And he said, "No. I think -- I feel strongly about that," you know, "and I\'m urging everybody to pray." And, and he said, "I\'ve invoked the entire ', ' and I said, "You know what this proves?" And he said, "What?" And I said, "God is a ', 'Well, you know, the other thing is that he\'s what they call in the sports business a "homer." I mean, he, you know, he was for the ', ' had a 50th birthday eight years ago, and this is a distinguished American historian in a way that you have never, ever seen her before. Ladies and gentlemen, ', 'I thought, "I\'ll never be able to do it." And sometime, you put that stupid thing around your neck and you have a wig on, you become another person, at least for a few moments.']