["The CIA's operations in Lebanon have been badly damaged after Hezbollah identified and captured a number of U.S. spies recently, current and former U.S. officials to...", 'Secret Service Agents Dismissed in Prostitution Scandal; President Obama Calls Them "Knuckleheads" on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon', 'The White House began deliberating a spy swap with Moscow nearly a month ago, well ahead of the arrests of 10 Russians in the United States less than two weeks ago, ...', 'TBILISI, Georgia -- The personal photographer to the Georgian president was shown on television Saturday confessing to supplying a colleague with secret information ...', "MOSCOW -- One of the Cold War's most famous defectors says Russia may have as many as 50 deep-cover couples spying inside the United States .Oleg Gordievsky, a forme...", 'Getting caught spying in the U.S. is the best thing that ever happened to Anna Chapman.The beautiful redheaded secret agent is on the cover of the November issue of ...', 'These days, actress Angelina Jolie is almost as well known across the globe for her humanitarian endeavors as she is for her film roles. And after spending the last ...', 'A man suspected of being the 11th member of a U.S. spy ring allegedly working for Russia was arrested and released on bail in Cyprus , AFP reported Tuesday.Russia is...', 'Peruvian Journalist Vicky Pelaez, Deported By U.S. to Russia In Spy Swap Returns To Peru', "The spy has returned home.A Peruvian journalist deported by the United States to Russia in a spy swap returned home and said she was in Peru to attend her father's b...", 'Russian spy sent back home wants to leave, live under fake name with wife in Peru, says lawyer', 'A Russian secret agent sent home in a highly publicized spy swap wants to leave the country and return with his wife to her native Peru , while continuing to live un...', 'A Russian rocket with a U.S. astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts onboard blasted off successfully early Friday for the International Space Station, with flame-haire...', 'NORAD, Russia to test mutual response to hijack scenario in unique joint exercise', 'The U.S. and Russia , which have more bluster than cooperation in their often-contentious history, will have their jet fighters take turns pursuing a civilian plane ...', 'Red-haired Russian spy Anna Chapman has appeared in southern Kazakhstan to wave goodbye to a U.S.-Russian crew that will go into orbit early Friday.Clad in a scarlet...', 'Georgia arrested six people suspected of being agents for Russia and accused them of staging a series of explosions, including one outside the U.S. Embassy in the ca...']