['This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', "good evening, we are going to begin here tonight with a story from the world of medicine that could end up affecting every american. this is a story about cancer, it's treatment and prevention, and this time it's a story about aspirin. it's without question the cheapest medication in the american household. its role in preventing ", " and strokes is well documented. we call it the wonder drug. this is about something else. it's new evidence tonight having to do with the role aspirin plays in preventing certain kinds of cancers. we start off tonight with dr. ", 'like so many americans, dana started taking an aspirin a day ten years ago to prevent ', 'aspirin therapy was something they thought of as a healthy recurrence of cancer.', '. and aspirin may reduce the risk of cancers of the esophagus, stomach, breast and lung. it may provide benefits after diagnosis. aspirin users may have a 36% chance having cancer spread.', "aspirin may have an additional benefit in terms preventing cancer. we also know that it's not a panacea.", 'doctors caution that aspirin still carries risks. it can cause stomach upset and bleeding. these new findings suggest the risks of ', 'my patients will often ask me is there something i can do to make my treatment better? the answer has often times been no. then something like this comes along, and we forget about aspirin. it can be helpful.', 'doctors insist you should watch what you eat, exercise and avoid smoking. this little pill, an aspirin that just costs pennies a day, this is one of those things you may add to that list.', "because it's ubiquitous and cheap, so many people are just going to want to run to this. who should be cautious, really?", "no doctor's going to say, everybody should be on it, but increasingly, doctors are encouraging folks. i think the subset of people who should be alarmed or hedge a little bit are people with any ", ", people who have had problems in the past, and certainly you have to have your conversation with your doctor. the real advice today, especially remember, take the cheap stuff. the white crumbly aspirin you can see falling apart in the bottom, that's what gets in your system quickly. this humble little medicine is increasingly sophisticated and could be a lifesaver."]