['city if we ask them to continue to meet with this man," said Frye, who worked briefly for the mayor as his director of  open government . She later added, "Bob Filner is tragically unsafe for any woman to approach." Filner apologized for his behavior ', "test of President Barack Obama's pledge to run the most  open government  in history. As of July 12, about one-fifth of those which is responsible for monitoring compliance with the  open - government  law, took more than one year to comply even though Attorney ", 'president\'s crackdown chills dissent, curtails a free press and betrays Obama\'s initial promise to "usher in a new era of  open government ." LINK WOMEN VOTERS The Wall Street Journal\'s Laura Meckler and Carol E. Lee: " Candidates Zero In on Women Voters ', 'Obama ordered federal officials to "usher in a new era of  open government " and "act promptly" to make information public. As Obama Freedom of Information Act, according to an analysis of  open - government  requests filed by Bloomberg News. LINK JOE BIDEN The Los ', 'insidious things a government can do to its people is to debase its currency. We want honest money; that means we want  honest government , its one and the same. Now the secret to prosperity is not more money printing." The nominee asked voters here in this ', 'operates. "His emphasis on transparency and on innovative, low-cost regulatory tools contributed to the Administration\'s  Open Government  Initiative; to numerous efforts to promote clear, simple disclosure to inform consumers and investors; and to creative ', "000 since 2009. Her actions have polarized the city of 2,000 into two factions that consider her either a champion of  open government  or a toxic liability. On Block's website, the Gold Bar Reporter, the Massachusetts native routinely accuses city officials ", "about Ted Kennedy. On the domestic front, Obama has acted unilaterally on a number of issues. He's drawn criticism from  open - government  advocates who say his administration acts too slowly or not at all on information requests. He told his Justice Department ", 'administration to have done so." John Wonderlich, the policy director at the Sunlight Foundation, a group that advocates for  open government , criticized Romney for resorting to political reasons to hide information. "That\'s the most explicit statement of Governor ', "that media mogul Rupert Murdoch used his news empire to exert influence on the British government. In the U.S., the  open government  website PoliticalMoneyline is reporting that Murdoch's News Corp., like many large companies, has been trying to exert ", 'transparency is open to backlash, too.  Open - government  advocates have long criticized Obama presidency would recognize that in terms of  open government , more, not less, will make you added, "In terms of the issue of  open government , I think Mitt Romney has a lot of ', 'department in his administration to increase the number of challenges and contests offered to the general public as part of a " open government " initiative in 2009. Such challenges would create a "more transparent, participatory, and collaborative government ', 'Transparency is not the most important concern for voters. But  open - government  activists say the public cares about that level of honesty for disclosures in government. Another part of Obama\'s  open - government  rhetoric has peculiarly disappeared. After the "Citizens ', "the government can't solve by itself. Work and his official. So there's company called hope. For example misused.  Open government  data. to on general energy trends and whether to help families safe. More than 300 million dollars on their energy There's ", "-- his official. So there's -- company called hope. For example misused. Open government data. -- to on general energy trends and whether to help families safe. More than 300 million dollars on their energy -- ", "not know whom to believe and many of them have concluded that all the processes of government have become so compromise.  honest government  has been rendered impossible. We believe that can help if not just about social structure I'm about formal government ", "concluded that all the processes of government have become so compromise. -- honest government has been rendered impossible. We believe that can help if not just about -- social structure I'm about formal government. Requires the ", 'have anything electric contributes so. You know the first step is to be more efficient the second step of the toward the  open government . I mean Communist countries do by your plan we do your no way an anti you know alternate universe were. Planning out for ', 'to be more efficient the second step of the -- toward the open government . I mean Communist countries do by your plan we do -- your -- no way an anti you know alternate universe were. ', "saying publicly. That's not the case here these are redundant anecdotes. About what we all knew from good journalism and  honest government  about this. What we're left now is extolled the question of the mission in your interview with the Secretary Gates he ", "are redundant anecdotes. About what we all knew from good journalism and honest government -- -- about this. What we're left -- now is extolled the question of the mission in your interview with the Secretary ", 'house floor the Democrats are calling for him to step down. And beyond that they ran on a promise of open and ethical and  honest government  when they took over congress in 2006 they could not have. Charlie Rangel continue to serve any high ranking capacity chairman ', 'beyond that they ran on a promise of open and ethical and honest government when they took over congress in 2006 they could not have. Charlie Rangel -- continue to serve any high ranking capacity -- ', 'citizens do not know whom to believe and many of them have concluded that all the processes the have become so compromised.  honest government  has been rendered impossible. We believe that the health if not about social structure and about formal government. Requires ', 'concluded that all the processes the -- have become so compromised. -- honest government has been rendered impossible. We believe that the health if not -- about social structure and about formal government. Requires the most ', "that judge. And we have a lot of it. But. It is Aaron Glenn I Type one diabetes is and then look for is present ones.  open government  on the painful and they. And I it do you really can't let. To me how can this and I believe in the night. over the ", "one diabetes is -- and then look for is present ones. -- open government on the -- -- painful and they. -- And I -- it do you really can't let. To me how can this "]