["If the workforce participation rate were as high today as it was when mr. Obama was inaugurated, it would be over 10 -  government jobs  weren't cut, the rate -- we are still 3.1 million jobs below the high point in 2007 and the fact is, the average ", "was when mr. Obama was inaugurated, it would be over 10 - government jobs weren't cut, the rate -- we are still 3.1 million jobs below the high point in 2007 and the fact is, the ", 'job security really is  government employment  what government does hire Right so excited from  government jobs  as far as goes what what hostile favorites are old  government jobs . No not at all what my ', 'was incorporated the best -- 2009 US news. Right so excited from government jobs as far as -- goes what what you took about an appeal hostile favorites are -- old government jobs . No not at all what my personal favorite jobs could not personal favorite more candidly which scored the highest on our multi ', "people who recognize that when it comes to defense spending. Some of the same folks who say Cut spending complain that no  government jobs  don't do anything. When it comes to that defense contractor in their desperate. They think wow this is pretty important ", 'tonight as well the government today reporting the 172000. Jobs created in the private sector last month. Factor in the  government jobs  lost get a 163000. Jobs added in July the most in five months. But the unemployment rate still inching up to eight point ', '172000. Jobs created in the private sector last month. Factor in the government jobs lost -- get a 163000. Jobs added in July the most in five months. But the unemployment rate still inching up to ', 'ABC News discovers that when it comes to  Federal jobs , many of the perks remain.', 'towards the editing. Refuse to comply with this policy so she was fired Johnson then file the complaint with the  federal employment  commission. Cleaning her religious beliefs prevent her from recognizing transgendered people there are no standards ', 'policy so she was fired Johnson then file the complaint with the federal employment commission. Cleaning her religious beliefs prevent her from recognizing transgendered people there are no -- standards and and dress up as a ', 'get votes. congress to back further to get those last three Republican votes. If you had simply growth in  government employment  now that you have under Ronald Reagan the unemployment rate would probably be point long war. And so ironically ', 'get those last three Republican votes. If you had simply growth in government employment now that you have under Ronald Reagan the unemployment rate would probably be -- point long war. And so ironically because a ', "also Spain. Where you have tremendous unemployment and talking about potentially more people especially on the  government employment  side. Losing their jobs as austerity continues to kick in and for Greece austerity. He's really one of the ", "tremendous unemployment and -- talking about potentially more people especially on the government employment side. Losing their jobs as austerity continues to kick in and for Greece austerity. He's really one of the major conditions of ", 'different between. The Obama economy and the bush to economy. The answer is actually unprecedented reductions in  government employment . Private jobs the private job creation record under a is testing That was under bush better private employment ', 'and the bush to economy. The answer is actually unprecedented reductions in government employment . Private jobs the private job creation record under a -- -- is testing -- That was under bush -- -- better -- ', 'people working in this country. So the if you actually look at the actual track record of government spending  government employment  Reagan is the keynesian. And Obama mostly because of political constraints a little bit of lack of conviction ', 'if you actually look at the actual track record of government spending government employment Reagan is the keynesian. And Obama mostly because of political constraints -- a little bit of lack of conviction on the part ', "Well you know we have a disconnect between ADP and the  government jobs  report they're using different data sources. On the also private sector. So what we're looking for for Friday's  government jobs  report is a 161000. Nonfarm jobs. And the unemployment ", "you know we -- -- have a disconnect between ADP and the government jobs report they're using different data sources. On the also the government is looking at a broader pool right not just the private sector. So what we're looking for for Friday's government jobs report is a 161000. Nonfarm jobs. And the unemployment rate holding steady at eight point 2% -- -- over here by Bloomberg ", "all we need to do and and there's lots of evidence that cutting spending has detracted. From job creation 39000 lost  government jobs . Over the last month. The deal less reported today so and the other party the Democrats is tough to say what exactly it ", 'evidence that cutting spending has detracted. From job creation -- 39000 lost government jobs . Over the last month. The deal less reported today so and -- the other party the Democrats is tough to say what ', 'is doubled during your tenure. As governor and that about 65% of the Texas job gains. Since then 191007. Are actually  government jobs  is that the model for the country. Well I disagree with those numbers for one thing we had a huge growth and a lot of people ', 'about 65% of the Texas job gains. Since then 191007. Are actually government jobs is that the model for the country. Well I disagree with those numbers for one thing we had a -- -- -- ', 'looking into that forest joins us now live from Washington with the latest good morning you be on the hey good morning at a  government jobs  report for the month of October. is due out this morning and it is expected to show that the unemployment rate stayed the ', 'morning -- you be on the hey good morning -- at a government jobs report for the month of October. -- is due out this morning and it is expected to show that the unemployment rate ', "been in office our guests are spending has gone double our data there. This has gone up nearly triple. So no 170000. for  government jobs . So I wouldn't put a a little damper on this I don't wanna outstanding governor Casey I raise my taxes or somebody ", "there. This has gone up nearly triple. So no 170000. -- for government jobs . So I wouldn't put a -- a little damper on this I don't wanna outstanding governor Casey I raise my taxes or ", "for a guy who's running on his jobs record when you did a little bit deeper much of the job losses in Texas come from  government jobs . More than 9000. Government employees and and local employees. Lost their jobs in July that's when the new fiscal year ", "little bit deeper much of the job losses in Texas come from government jobs . More than 9000. Government employees -- and and local employees. Lost their jobs in July that's when the new fiscal year starts ", "the president's they have trillion dollar stimulus we have to ahead. Three million jobs while we've added. Thousand  government jobs . Once it's America. Now on the the average unemployed Americans are out of work is greater than forty weeks. How now ", "we have -- to ahead. Three million jobs while we've added. Thousand government jobs . Once it's America. Now on the the average unemployed Americans are out of work is greater than forty weeks. How -- now ", "it's not gonna work We have created a few jobs in the in the private sector most of which have been temporary a lot of  government jobs  being created but that's not what the American people won't we needed to stimulate our economy in this president's ", "the private sector most of which have been temporary a lot of government jobs being created but that's not what the American people won't we needed to stimulate our economy in this president's policies. You showed ", 'government creates jobs and federal governments not the creator of jobs the job the federal government creates. Obviously are  government jobs  are government finance jobs and they go away quickly. When that financing. I think we created an environment where jobs ', 'the creator of jobs the job the federal government creates. Obviously are government jobs are government finance jobs and they go away quickly. When that financing. I think we created an environment where jobs can can ']