['The majority of Latinos favor President Barack Obama over GOP contender Mitt Romney, according to an exclusive Fox News Latino. There is, however, one glaring except...', "Raul Castro tells Cuba's  parliament that state will reduce its economic role; Fidel a no-show", 'One of the so-called "Cuban Five," convicted of spying in the U.S. for the communist Castro government, walked out of federal prison Friday, the first of the group t...', "GOP. Sen. Marco Rubio was on the verge of dropping out of the 2010 race for Senate, convinced that then-Gov. Charlie Crist's popularity, power and money would be too...", 'Florida Sen. Marco Rubio was on the verge of dropping out of the Senate race, convinced he would get crushed by Gov. Charlie Crist because he had too much popularity...', 'A woman who settled a sexual harassment complaint against GOP presidential candidate Herman Cain in 1999 complained three years later at her next job about unfair tr...', 'Former U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno, considering a run for Florida governor, on Friday said her actions involving Elian Gonzalez and Waco show she can make tough...', "HAVANA (AP) -- Fidel Castro's warnings of a looming war between the United States and Iran have Cuba buzzing with fears of nuclear Armageddon. But the revolutionary ...", 'Florida Rep. Lincoln Diaz-Balart, a Republican lawmaker for nine terms, will retire at the end of this term.Diaz-Balart is the brother of Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, R-F...', 'U.S. politicians off and on the campaign trail made it known there was no love lost for Cuban leader Fidel Castro after his announcement Tuesday that he would step d...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Hannity & Colmes," November 20, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.ALAN COLMES, CO-HOST: On April 22nd, ...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Hannity & Colmes," November 18, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.SEAN HANNITY, CO-HOST: And this is a ...', "A quick trip around Hannity's America...Deficit? Yippee!You may remember that on the campaign trail, President Obama railed against the massive deficits that had acc...", "A quick trip around Hannity's America...Bad With NumbersConnecticut Senator Chris Dodd is no stranger to scandal, but the latest news is shocking even by the senator..."]