['Arrest in serial-stabber  case eases some but not all anxiety in Mich. city where 5 were killed', 'FLINT, Mich. -- The arrest of a suspect in a three-state stabbing spree that left five people dead and 13 others wounded has eased some but not all fears in Flint, where the attacks have changed the way some residents of one of Michigan\'s toughest cities view helping others.The Flint stabbings started in May, with the attacker approaching men on lonely roads at night and asking for directions or help with a broken-down car. Then he would pull out a knife, plunge it into his victim and speed away.Even if the assaults are over, at least some fear remains in Flint, the battered industrial city where most of the stabbings, including all five deaths, occurred."It makes you not want to give anybody a hand with a vehicle if it breaks down," Aldridge Gardner, 46, said as he waited for a bus. "If it was a female, I would help her. If it was a guy, no, I\'d be skeptical."Elias Abuelazam, 33, was arrested Wednesday night in Atlanta before a flight to Israel , his native country, and charged with a...', 'An alleged serial killer already charged with murder in a three-state stabbing spree was charged Thursday in two more killings, including a case in which authorities...', 'Serial stabbings started slowly in Michigan, then accelerated and spread to 2 other states', 'The first body was discovered in late spring, slashed and bloodied. Even when another man was fatally stabbed a few weeks later in this tired, rust-belt Michigan cit...', 'Police: Israeli Man Arrested in U.S. Stabbing Spree is Suspect in Another Attack', 'The man accused of going on a three-state stabbing spree in the United States was also a suspect in a stabbing near his hometown in Israel . But what drove Elias Abu...', "Suspect in serial stabbings  Elias Abuelazam  says he won't fight extradition to Michigan", 'Court hearing could determine if man convicted in Mich. serial stabbing to face further trial', 'A man charged with a series of stabbings in a Michigan city is returning to court for the first time since he was sentenced to life in prison for murder.Elias Abuela...', 'A man convicted of murder in a 2010 stabbing spree in Michigan was sentenced to life in prison Monday, wrapping up the first in a series of cases against Elias Abuel...', 'A prosecutor told jurors Tuesday that blood stains, DNA and testimony from survivors would provide enough evidence for a conviction in the first murder trial from a ...', 'Tom Booker had made the walk to a nearby store countless times. He wanted cigarettes, candy, maybe a can of beer. On his way home around midnight, a motorist asked h...', 'Tom Booker had made the walk to a nearby store countless times. He wanted cigarettes, candy, maybe a can of beer. On his way home around midnight, a motorist asked h...', 'Mental health experts who interviewed a Michigan serial stabbings suspect testified Friday that he revealed a pattern of planning, control and lack of empathy for hi...', 'Prosecutors are expected to call the uncle of a Michigan serial stabbing suspect during the second day of testimony at his trial.Tony Sahwany drove Elias Abuelazam (...', 'A man accused of a deadly series of stabbings in Michigan was mentally ill and couldn\'t resist the spell of "evil forces" that compelled him to attack people, a psyc...', "A man suspected in a three-state stabbing spree could learn Friday if he'll face trial for a slaying that convinced Michigan police they were likely dealing with a s...", 'Bill Fisher pulled up his shirt in court, showing jurors his stab wound. He then pointed to a suspected serial killer and said he was the man who plunged a knife int...', 'FLINT, Mich. -- A man suspected in a three-state stabbing spree was ordered Friday to stand trial for attempted murder in a late-night attack on a Michigan man who w...', 'A man charged in a series of fatal stabbings in Michigan has been accused of assaulting jail officers.Authorities say officers used a stun gun on Elias Abuelazam (ee...', '2 more murder charges filed in Mich. against man accused of series of stabbings in 3 states', 'Dried blood found on shoelaces and a new witness led to additional murder charges Thursday against an alleged serial killer, who now is accused of killing three men ...', 'A drifter accused of terrorizing a struggling city by faking car trouble then stabbing strangers who came to his aid was quickly convicted of murder Tuesday after ju...', 'A man suspected of fatally stabbing five men and wounding nine others in and around the Michigan city of Flint two summers ago was convicted Tuesday of first-degree ...']