['Vigil participants call for day of action on civil rights following death of teenager.', "the country's most outspoken civil rights activists went public with what he calls it chilling discovery. The  Reverend Al Sharpton  has just found out that slavery connects him to a long serving US senator. The late Strom Thurmond of South Carolina ", 'rights activists went public with what he calls it chilling discovery. The Reverend Al Sharpton has just found out that slavery connects him to a long serving US senator. The late Strom Thurmond of South Carolina who ', "seen. With on Martin's mom this was on Saturday Fulton  Al Sharpton  they were all photographed together. I'm and they Wear the and remember at the acquittal in the death of on line.  Al Sharpton  say that they did not want to speak and they did not come ", "With -- on Martin's mom this was on Saturday -- Fulton -- Al Sharpton they were all photographed together. I'm and they Wear their protesting the -- and remember at the acquittal in the death of -- on line. Al Sharpton -- -- say that they did not want to speak and they did not come for a photo op but it's hard ", "Patel found of the interfaith youth core. And a former member of president Obama's faith advisory council. The  Reverend Al Sharpton  of the National Action Network. And ABC's Cokie Roberts and her husband Steve Roberts journalists and and interfaith ", "core. And a former member of president Obama's faith advisory council. The Reverend Al Sharpton of the National Action Network. And ABC's Cokie Roberts and her husband Steve Roberts journalists and -- and interfaith couple Catholic and ", 'abolished in florida, I will never perform there again. Reporter: A now, later today, the reverend jesse jackson and  al sharpton , will speak at an naacp convention in orlando. Sharpton is calling for a nationwide rally in 100 cities this saturday.', 'there again. Reporter: A now, later today, the reverend jesse jackson and al sharpton , will speak at an naacp convention in orlando. Sharpton is calling for a nationwide rally in 100 cities this saturday. ', "making the judgment calls. Naturally.  Reverend Al Sharpton  in. If you walk away from this scary how But one question I have is why  Al Sharpton  the spokesperson for young black female Perhaps. Attempt to capture the  rev Al sharpton 's likeness. In some layered blasts ", "historian heightened air and out immediate busy making the judgment calls. Naturally. Reverend Al Sharpton -- in. If you walk away from this -- scary the next guy does that whatever he wants a -- ansari on skirted. Are you crazy -- -- unscathed by this to become humiliated her to thank alma Barrett don't usually delineated as young black -- wouldn't -- how -- But one question I have is why Al Sharpton the spokesperson for young black female basketball players. You wish you -- spell out the answer in ground beef like artist Robert. Perhaps. Attempt to capture the rev Al sharpton's -- likeness. In some layered blasts. It looks a little like it right -- One more thing. If your dentist is urinating ", "ten years ago both. After encounters with the same sheriff's deputy in South Florida. Perry was joined by the  Reverend Al Sharpton  and NAACP. President Ben jealous in making his announcement. Parish and the happening sufficient attention to ", "the same sheriff's deputy in South Florida. Perry was joined by the Reverend Al Sharpton and NAACP. President Ben jealous in making his announcement. Parish and the -- happening sufficient attention to those cases involving minorities. ", 'two years ago but go precarious you know is cool and the that we are good for both lastly apple follows you the  Reverend Al Sharpton  and guess what He has been named the permanent host of that politics nations so. You had a weekly forum for his ', 'are good for both -- lastly apple follows you -- -- the Reverend Al Sharpton and guess what He has been named the permanent -- host of that -- politics nations so. You had a weekly forum ', 'latest in the trade on the Martin case a big rally is planned for today at Sanford Florida police department. And  Reverend Al Sharpton  will reportedly call for an economic boycott of the town. And we welcome now our newest ABC correspondent Alex ', 'rally is planned for today at -- Sanford Florida police department. And Reverend Al Sharpton will reportedly call for an economic boycott of the town. And we welcome now our newest ABC correspondent Alex Perez who joins ', "And we're now joined by a powerhouse roundtable as always George F well from the National Action Network the  Reverend Al Sharpton  from HBO's. Real time with Bill Former bush advisor Matthew Dowd and between a man who bought from the nation ", "roundtable as always George F well from the National Action Network the Reverend Al Sharpton from HBO's. Real time with Bill -- -- -- Former bush advisor Matthew Dowd and between a man who bought from the ", "potentially happen that's not the right way to go. And we're back with our roundtable as always George well the  Reverend Al Sharpton  from the National Action Network host it's been real time with Omar. Matthew Dowd former bush advisor in Katrina ", "go. And we're back with our roundtable as always George well the Reverend Al Sharpton from the National Action Network host it's been real time with Omar. -- -- Matthew Dowd former bush advisor in Katrina -- ", 'hold a private meeting with  Reverend Al Sharpton  and the family of Sean Bell 200 were arrested including  Reverend Al Sharpton  at Paul Bell has benefited justice Paul shot back. Now  Reverend Al Sharpton  says that He will be having ', "Governor Paterson will hold a private meeting with Reverend Al Sharpton and the family of Sean Bell this afternoon the meeting follows yesterday's day of protests. -- -- acquittals of three officers charged with shooting bell Eyewitness News reporter at least -- -- is live in Harlem with more -- Lisa. Good morning -- and the protests were peaceful but they did disrupt traffic especially. Along the Brooklyn Bridge as they were traffic was basically at a standstill for more than an hour 1000 people participated. In the citywide demonstration more than 200 were arrested including Reverend Al Sharpton at -- Paul Bell has benefited just doesn't later today Sharpton will be looking -- New York governor David Paterson to discuss ", "-- -- be arrested it was what justice Paul shot back. Now Reverend Al Sharpton says that He will be having -- news conference here around 1030 to discuss yesterday's demonstrations He also says to be more ", "from HBO's real time the  Reverend Al Sharpton  former bush strategist Matthew National Action Network the  Reverend Al Sharpton  from HBO's. Real time as always George well the  Reverend Al Sharpton  from the National Action ", "at all with George Will. Bill -- from HBO's real time the Reverend Al Sharpton former bush strategist Matthew Dowd and Katrina vanden -- of the nation. From the heart of the nation's capital this week with ", "roundtable as always George F well from the National Action Network the Reverend Al Sharpton from HBO's. Real time with Bill -- -- former bush advisor Matthew Dowd and Katrina -- and who bought from the nation ", "of discussion at a gathering of African American leaders up in Harlem at the famed Sylvia's restaurant. The  Reverend Al Sharpton  gathering these African American leaders from New York politics. To determine and discuss whether or not David ", "African American leaders up in Harlem at the famed Sylvia's restaurant. The Reverend Al Sharpton gathering these African American leaders from New York politics. To determine and discuss whether or not David Paterson should continue to serve ", "point and I articulated the and word although out more than once and that was wrong. I'll say again I was wrong  reverend Al sharpton 's radio program was besieged with calls condemning He went don't mind. Some defending her that's what do ", "once and that was wrong. I'll say again I was wrong reverend Al sharpton's radio program was besieged with calls -- condemning -- -- He went -- don't mind. Some defending her that's what do you ", "finally. Someone is bringing Martin Luther King's movement back to its conservative white roots. Some like the  Reverend Al Sharpton  who's organizing his own march in Washington on Saturday have more serious concern. Very I'm trying to be ", "Luther King's movement back to its conservative white roots. Some like the Reverend Al Sharpton who's organizing his own march in Washington on Saturday have more serious concern. Very -- I'm trying to be disciplined and not ", 'mausoleum of forest lawn cemetery described as a small private service filled with familiar faces Elizabeth Taylor  Reverend Al Sharpton  actor Macaulay Culkin. And girlfriend mile buddhists and the list went on. As they waited the time was spent ', 'described as a small private service filled with familiar faces Elizabeth Taylor Reverend Al Sharpton actor Macaulay Culkin. And girlfriend mile buddhists and the list went on. As they waited the time was spent in small talk ']