['come under fire from the hosts of " The View " and "The Tonight Show" for defending Criticizing both Cuccinelli and the law,  Whoopi Goldberg  congratulated "Modern Family" star Virginia," Goldberg said Monday on " The View ," which airs on ABC, saying that ', 'co-host on " The View " in the co-host on \' The View \' starting chapter for \' The View .\'"  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  bids farewell to " The View " McCarthy paid off."  Barbara Walters  announces Before  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  confirmed next year.  Joy Behar  has also ', 'this summer and McCarthy has been selected to fill in for  Joy Behar  when the comedian leaves " The View " later this summer. Motorcyclist Killed Attempting Speed ', 'credit:  The View /ABC) After  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  said her goodbyes on " The View " this morning co-creator,  Barbara Walters , assured producers.  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  bids farewell co-hosts  Joy Behar , who is show , and  Whoopi Goldberg  also gave day on " The View ." "The ', 'co-host of " The View ,"  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  said goodbye confirms that  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  is leaving " The View " Hasselbeck she told  Whoopi Goldberg . "[But Turning to  Joy Behar , with whom While  Sherri Shepherd  was not on night. " Sherri Shepherd , your protest mentor"  Barbara Walters , whom she ', 'Elisabeth Hasselbeck  Changing Views  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  has voted herself island of " The View ." The former co-hosting " The View ," and that stay afloat,"  Barbara Walters , executive producer of " The View ," told ABC ', 'being treated for viral cardiomyopathy. 5.  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  Leaving \' The View \'  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  is leaving ABC\'s " The View " and taking a role as a co-host on Fox ', '(ABC)  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  is leaving ABC\'s " The View " and taking Hasselbeck joined " The View " as a co-host biography on " The View \'s" website . Prior to " The View ," Hasselbeck afloat," said  Barbara Walters , executive ', 'Even the ladies of ABC\'s " The View " weighed in on the controversial it still affects you," said  Sherri Shepherd . "It\'s a smart campaign," added  Elisabeth Hasselbeck . "It makes you stop in your ', 'intimate interview with ABC News\'  Barbara Walters , actor-comedian Tracy Morgan mates made fun of her and her " The View " co-hosts. "You did a wonderful impression of  Star Jones ," she said. "I remember seeing ', 'Barbara Walters  announced on  The View  Monday that, after 37 years with report for ABC News and appear on " The View " and in specials throughout the year remain an executive producer of " The View ," and will make occasional appearances ', 'summer For decades,  Barbara Walters  has inspired millions announcing on " The View " Monday that next I created \' The View \' and am delighted network has been " The View ." "There\'s only one  Barbara Walters ," says ABC News ', "Our last Thursday I for five days ago Drury announced that hadn't she wanted to. Leave  the view  and pursue the path that is pack passages which would tell about. Joy and I started the show together we didn't witness I ", "for five days ago Drury announced that hadn't she wanted to. Leave the view and pursue the path that is pack passages which -- would tell -- about. Joy and I started the show together we ", 'saying the same thing she in. And  the view  is saying we thank Elizabeth and warm and engaging personality. On  the view  and she has proven to be an excellent in by next year joys believing.  Barbara Walters  as did announced her retirement and ', "of coming out and saying the same thing she -- in. And the view is saying we thank Elizabeth and wish her luck as she begins a new chapter in her career -- -- -- -- They're saying that she has a warm and engaging personality. On the view and she has proven to be an excellent conversational -- -- there are certain that she's going to. The agency think she'll be reading news over there and -- You know and so I think should be sitting on this I don't know discussion I don't visiting I think shall be sitting on -- especially talking to everybody else substantial just kind of be one of the hosts that. Kind of engages in the political situations or whatever -- talking about whatever that discussion we -- it is -- -- -- actually wish her a lot so but that's you know we have three empty seats in by next year joys believing. Barbara Walters as did announced her retirement and how Elizabeth is gone so. Tanya what right here one to ten I don't blood -- ", "her cohost  Elisabeth Hasselbeck . While the with cohost  Elisabeth Hasselbeck . moment Lisa Ling  Meredith Vieira  and  Star Jones . But now statement  Barbara Walters  said Rosie years at  the view  I most appreciated Including one of  Elisabeth Hasselbeck . So what's ", "notre. After roll it is what did the departures of Lisa Ling Meredith Vieira and Star Jones But now the war is -- time. I think the show really have to maintain that up a notch quality that Rosie took -- two. They can no longer just come in and talk about what movie they saw that -- if they really have to talk about substantial political things. In his statement Barbara Walters said Rosie contributed to one of our most exciting and successful years at the view I -- most appreciated. Our close and affectionate relationship will not change as for Rosie O'Donnell does seem like she has at least a touch of nostalgia. On her blog but a new music video montage. Pictures over time with the new. Including one of Elisabeth Hasselbeck So what's next for Rosie Rosie says if she comes back to television she wanted to be in a more peaceful setting. ", "Barbara Walters  made a special announcement seventeen appearances on  the view  she's guest co latest tactic in  the view  history so I am Friends involved.  Joy Behar  will also be read show next month and  Barbara Walters  is slated to showed ", "Barbara Walters made a special announcement this morning on if you review in the show's new co house. After months of speculation. About who will be on new cohost we have made a decision. She has made seventeen appearances on the view she's guest co -- time. And we love it because she's fine and she's uninhibited and she's current opinion did enough to help us to get the latest tactic in the view history so I am delighted. To announce -- our next. Newest car -- is Jenny McCarthy. Now the news comes hot on the heels that cohost -- aspects announcement that -- will be leaving to join Fox News channel's FOX & Friends involved. Joy Behar will also be read in the show next month and Barbara Walters is slated to -- -- showed -- potential in Maine on the show as executive. ", "things on my plate up and running play in the neglecting my stand up he has. This is the right time and she. Really credit  Barbara Walters  of making it's it's a great ride for her and keep. And she was Smart home you know what it's usually didn't show ", "up he has. This is the right time and she. Really credit Barbara Walters of making it's it's a great ride for her and keep. And she was Smart home you know what it's usually -- ", "officially joining  the view  this week the plugged into  the view  ABC's Andrea more. Median  Whoopi Goldberg  become the latest her own host  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  over the Iraq Original co host  Star Jones  made her own ", "could forget this huge and else feuds with her own -- host Elisabeth Hasselbeck over the Iraq War you said nothing and that's how. Bruising is one year run produced the best ratings ever -- -- ", 'The rumors have been quashed  Barbara Walters  said today on  the view  that neither she nor cohost  Elisabeth Hasselbeck  will be leaving the show. Rumors are certain last week a jury announced that she would be stepping down. There is a particularly ', 'The rumors have been quashed Barbara Walters said today on the view that neither she nor cohost Elisabeth Hasselbeck will be leaving the show. Rumors are certain last week a jury -- -- announced that she would be stepping down. There ']