['She made her name as a bulldog for United Press International in the great wire-service rivalries of old and as a pioneer for women in journalism.', 'Thomas was persistent to the point of badgering. One White House press secretary described her questioning as "torture" -- and he was one of her fans.', 'Her refusal to conceal her strong opinions, even when posing questions to a president, and her public hostility toward Israel, caused discomfort among colleagues.', 'In 2010, that tendency ended a career that had started in 1943 and made her one of the best known journalists in Washington. On a videotape circulated on the Internet, she said Israelis should "get out of Palestine" and "go home" to Germany, Poland or the United States. The remark brought down widespread condemnation and she resigned.', 'In January 2011, she became a columnist for a free weekly paper in a Washington suburb, months after the controversy forced her from her previous post.', 'In her long career, she was indelibly associated with the ritual ending White House news conferences. She was often the one to deliver the closing line: "Thank you, Mister. President" -- four polite words that belied a fierce competitive streak.', "Thomas' disdain for White House secrecy and dodging spanned five decades, back to President John Kennedy. Her freedom to voice her peppery opinions as a speaker and a Hearst columnist came late in her career.", 'Thomas was accustomed to getting under the skin of presidents, if not to the cold shoulder.', 'There was a lighter mood in August 2009, on her 89th birthday, when President Obama popped into in the White House briefing room unannounced. He led the roomful of reporters in singing "Happy Birthday to You" and gave her cupcakes. As it happened, it was the president\'s birthday too, his 48th.', 'Thomas was at the forefront of women\'s achievements in journalism. She was one of the first female reporters to break out of the White House "women\'s beat" -- the soft stories about presidents\' kids, wives, their teas and their hairdos -- and cover the hard news on an equal footing with men.', "She was also the first female member of the Gridiron Club, and at one time served as the club's president.", 'Thomas will be buried in Detroit, and a memorial service is planned in Washington in October, according to her family.', 'She became the first female White House bureau chief for a wire service when UPI named her to the position in 1974. She was also the first female officer at the National Press Club, where women had once been barred as members and she had to fight for admission into the 1959 luncheon speech where Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev warned: "We will bury you."', 'The belligerent Khrushchev was an unlikely ally in one sense. He had refused to speak at any Washington venue that excluded women, she said.', 'Thomas fought, too, for a more open presidency, resisting all moves by a succession of administrations to restrict press access.', '"People will never know how hard it is to get information," Thomas told an interviewer, "especially if it\'s locked up behind official doors where, if politicians had their way, they\'d stamp TOP SECRET on the color of the walls."', 'Born in Winchester, Ky., to Lebanese immigrants, Thomas was the seventh of nine children. It was in high school, after working on the student newspaper, that she decided she wanted to become a reporter.', "After graduating from Detroit's Wayne University (now Wayne State University), Thomas headed straight for the nation's capital. She landed a $17.50-a-week position as a copy girl, with duties that included fetching coffee and doughnuts for editors at the Washington Daily News.", 'Her big break came after the 1960 election that sent Kennedy to the White House, and landed Thomas her first assignment related to the presidency. She was sent to Palm Beach, Fla., to cover the vacation of the president-elect and his family.', "JFK's successor, Lyndon Johnson, complained that he learned of his daughter Luci's engagement from Thomas's story.", "Bigger and better assignments would follow for Thomas, among them President Richard M. Nixon's breakthrough trip to China in 1972.", "When the Watergate scandal began consuming Nixon's presidency, Martha Mitchell, the notoriously unguarded wife of the attorney general, would call Thomas late at night to unload her frustrations at what she saw as the betrayal of her husband John by the president's men.", "It was also during the Nixon administration that the woman who scooped so many others was herself scooped -- by the first lady. Pat Nixon was the one who announced to the Washington press corps that Thomas was engaged to Douglas Cornell, chief White House correspondent for UPI's archival, The Associated Press.", 'Thomas stayed with UPI for 57 years, until 2000, when the company was purchased by News World Communications, which was founded by the Rev. Sun Myung Moon, leader of the Unification Church.', 'At age 79, Thomas was soon hired as a Washington-based columnist for newspaper publisher Hearst Corp.', 'A self-described liberal, Thomas made no secret of her ill feelings for the second President Bush. "He is the worst president in all of American history," she told the Daily Breeze of Torrance, Calif.', "Thomas also was critical of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, asserting that the deaths of innocent people should hang heavily on Bush's conscience.", '"We are involved in a war that is becoming more dubious every day," she said in a speech to thousands of students at Brigham Young University in September 2003. "I thought it was wrong to invade a country without any provocation."', 'Some students walked out of the lecture. She won over others with humorous stories from her "ringside seat" to history.', 'In March 2005, she confronted Bush with the proposition that "your decision to invade Iraq has caused the deaths of thousands of Americans and Iraqis" and every justification for the attack proved false.', 'When Bush began explaining his rationale, she interjected: "They didn\'t do anything to you, or to our country."', '"Excuse me for a second," Bush replied. "They did. The Taliban provided safe haven for Al Qaeda. That\'s where Al Qaeda trained."', 'After a visit to the White House, David Nesenoff, a rabbi and independent filmmaker, asked Thomas on May 27, 2010, whether she had any comments on Israel. "Tell them to get the hell out of Palestine," she replied. "Remember, these people are occupied and it\'s their land. It\'s not Germany, it\'s not Poland," she continued. Asked where they should go, she answered, "They should go home." When asked where\'s home, Thomas replied: "Poland, Germany and America and everywhere else."', 'The resulting controversy brought widespread rejection of her remarks. White House spokesman Robert Gibbs called them "offensive and reprehensible." Many Jews were offended by her suggestion that Israelis should "go home" to Germany, Poland and America since Israel was initially settled in 1948 by Jews who had survived or escaped Hitler\'s attempt to kill all the Jews in Germany, and many in neighboring conquered countries.', "\t  \t\tDHS pick denies allegations of helping Clinton's brother, as GOP boycotts hearing "]