["Part 5:  Barbara Walters'  exclusive interviews with Diana's former private secretary and bodyguard.", "paparazzi. Old business that is. Memorial Day. Here is  Barbara Walters . He's good evening talk about a special delivery baby heir to the throne and returns. Once again.  Barbara Walters . back so how much wind well well the new baby stand ", "the paparazzi. Old -- -- business that is. Memorial Day. Here is Barbara Walters . He's good evening talk about a special delivery. The navy -- is finally -- The Memorial -- -- of course son to ", 'And -- royal baby heir to the throne and returns. Once again. Barbara Walters . -- back so how much wind -- well well the new baby stand to inherit one day. How high can you -- ', 'memorial baby heir to the throne and returns. Once again.  Barbara Walters . Let me back so how much wind chill well of the new stand to inherit How high can you Imagine being drawn into this no one does ', '-- memorial baby heir to the throne and returns. Once again. Barbara Walters . Let me back so how much wind chill well of the new -- stand to inherit -- -- How high can you ', "gulf war with NN. It's many This woman palaces. We're taking out the paparazzi. business that if. Here is  Barbara Walters . He's good evening talk about a special delivery. The navy is finally The they do of course son to prince William ", "paparazzi. -- -- -- business that if. -- -- -- Here is Barbara Walters . He's good evening talk about a special delivery. The navy -- is finally -- The -- -- -- they do of course ", 'get lg shut eye after being unveiled to the world in the full media world spotlight. We want you to know tonight  barbara walters  will anchor a special edition of "20/20," the royal baby, heir to the throne tonight at 10:00 p.M. Eastern ', 'in the full media world spotlight. We want you to know tonight barbara walters will anchor a special edition of "20/20," the royal baby, heir to the throne tonight at 10:00 p.M. Eastern. ', 'everything he needs to know from his mom. King abe, that would be. We thank you for watching tonight. We\'re always there at abcnews.Com, "nightline" later and don\'t forget the  barbara walters  special tonight on the royal baby.', 'tonight. We\'re always there at abcnews.Com, "nightline" later and don\'t forget the barbara walters special tonight on the royal baby. ', "seventeen hits. Before both little friends they need to Flatly say though it had plenty of practice for the job. I'm  Barbara Walters  fought all of us at 220 NBC news we're sending a big welcome to the world. The little ones across the.", "Flatly say though it had plenty of practice for the job. I'm Barbara Walters fought all of us at 220 -- NBC news we're sending a big welcome to the world. The little ones across the. ", 'the courtroom listening were his parents, gladys and robert zimmerman who are speaking out on on one with our own  barbara walters . Diane, since the verdict this is the first time that they had done on on camera interview, holding hands talking ', 'robert zimmerman who are speaking out on on one with our own barbara walters . Diane, since the verdict this is the first time that they had done on on camera interview, holding hands talking about their ', "barbara walters ' exclusive interview with the parents of george zimmerman. We saw the juror there shielding her identity. Zimmerman's parents ", "barbara walters' exclusive interview with the parents of george zimmerman. We saw the juror there shielding her identity. Zimmerman's parents didn't go that far ", "William was Prince William I believe a little more than seven pounds. So a baby boy and I want to bring in ABC's  Barbara Walters  who's been covering the royal family. For a long time here and when I saw you react to moments ago when I announced ", "pounds. So a baby boy and I want to bring in ABC's Barbara Walters who's been covering the royal family. For a long time here and when I saw you react to moments ago when I ", "William was Prince William I believe a little more than seven pounds. So a baby boy and I want to bring in ABC's  Barbara Walters  who's been covering the royal family. For a long time here and when I saw you react to moments ago when I announced ", "pounds. So a baby boy and I want to bring in ABC's Barbara Walters who's been covering the royal family. For a long time here and when I saw you react to moments ago when I ", "of trayvon martin. And if they were violated by his killer. And finally, george zimmerman's parents spoke to  barbara walters . They wanted you to know that they're deeply sorry and they pray for trayvon every day. Do you take any comfort ", "were violated by his killer. And finally, george zimmerman's parents spoke to barbara walters . They wanted you to know that they're deeply sorry and they pray for trayvon every day. Do you take any comfort in ", "federal case brought by the Justice Department. The former neighborhood watchman has not spoken yet but short time ago  Barbara Walters  sat down exclusively it was a woman's parents and joins us now with that. Barbara my they'll judge Zimmerman ", "former neighborhood watchman has not spoken yet but -- short time ago Barbara Walters sat down exclusively it was a woman's parents and joins us now with that. Barbara my -- they'll judge Zimmerman did not ", "Of murdering tramp on March is your from tonight  Barbara walters ' exclusive and still Zimmerman can get his gun back neighborhood watchman has not spoken yet but short time ago  Barbara Walters  sat down exclusively it was a woman's parents and ", "not. Of murdering tramp on March is your -- from -- tonight Barbara walters' exclusive and still -- Zimmerman can get his gun back now and -- his lawyers say he needs it now more than ", "former neighborhood watchman has not spoken yet but -- short time ago Barbara Walters sat down exclusively it was a woman's parents and joins us now with that. Barbara my guess they'll judge Zimmerman did not ", "Barbara Walters  made a special announcement this morning on if you review in the show's Friends involved. Joy Behar will also be read in the show next month and  Barbara Walters  is slated to showed potential in Maine on the show as executive.", "Barbara Walters made a special announcement this morning on if you review in the show's new co house. After months of speculation. About who ", 'Joy Behar will also be read in the show next month and Barbara Walters is slated to -- -- showed -- potential in Maine on the show as executive. ', 'Hasselbeck is leaving out to become a new face on FOX & Friends the morning show on that rates. her time at the table  Barbara Walters  Whoopi Goldberg at all Hasselbeck has often provided a conservative viewpoint but today I think if I knew that think ', 'show on -- that rates. -- her time at the table -- Barbara Walters Whoopi Goldberg at all Hasselbeck has often provided a conservative viewpoint but today I think if I knew that think they bet. ', 'leaving out to become a new face on FOX & Friends the morning show on the race. During her time at the table with  Barbara Walters  Whoopi Goldberg at all Hasselbeck has often provided a conservative viewpoint I think Today the he said. the past ', 'on -- -- the race. During her time at the table with Barbara Walters Whoopi Goldberg at all Hasselbeck has often provided a conservative viewpoint -- -- I think -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ', "it is actually wish her a lot so but that's you know we have three empty seats in by next year joys believing.  Barbara Walters  as did announced her retirement and how Elizabeth is gone so. Tanya what right here one to ten I don't blood chairman ", "know we have three empty seats in by next year joys believing. Barbara Walters as did announced her retirement and how Elizabeth is gone so. Tanya what right here one to ten I don't blood -- ", 'Walters has had a front-row seat to the fascinating spectacle of the royal family.', 'friends the background. Here now.  Barbara Walters  in London. From Buckingham Palace royal edition returns once again  Barbara Walters . At the height of worldwide royals through the years with  Barbara Walters  our very own. Error. Bringing ', 'be an accident communities need your friends -- the background. Here now. Barbara Walters in London. -- -- From Buckingham Palace with its 700 -- Sunday at five rooms and several BAA but news. Special one ', 'we can already read. Bringing up baby royal edition returns once again Barbara Walters . At the height of -- worldwide from Princess Diana of Williams. British royal family married to its chops he was stunning from ', "Diana would be very proud. To the royals through the years with Barbara Walters our very own. Error. Bringing up baby royal edition returns once again. Barbara Walters . As I looked back over all these years of reporting from the -- Family it's been an honor and good for -- "]