["thought we told her and you're welcome to you I a couple dollars. It's also not. A lot of comedians that at a  Whoopi Goldberg  I'm Sam Caligiuri signs Chris Rock OK name name dropping an event kind of moving. If I cannot prolong my friend ", "couple dollars. It's also not. A lot of comedians that at a Whoopi Goldberg I'm Sam Caligiuri signs Chris Rock OK name -- name dropping an event -- -- -- -- -- kind of moving. If ", 'issue that has also come up in the race, ABC\'s JOAN E. GREVE notes. Criticizing both Cuccinelli and the law,  Whoopi Goldberg  congratulated "Modern Family" star Jesse Tyler Ferguson, who recently married his partner, Justin Mikita. "Thank ', 'Barbara Walters said last week that there wouldn\'t be a new co-host on "The View" in the near future , but things have changed! On Monday, Walters announced that Jenny McCarthy will join the ABC talk show in September. "We are delighted that Jenny will be joining us as a permanent co-host on \'The', 'July 14, 2013 My heart is with trayvon martins family tonight,so my focus on them. No one else really matters -  Whoopi Goldberg  (@WhoopiGoldberg) July 14, 2013 My heart hurts - John Legend (@johnlegend) July 14, 2013 And others outrage ', 'and inviting her to visit. "Come back to us." Fellow co-hosts Joy Behar, who is also leaving the show , and  Whoopi Goldberg  also gave Hasselbeck heartfelt goodbyes. "I just think you\'re the cat\'s meow," said Goldberg. "You\'ve ', 'course, her co-hosts. "It is undeniable that you are one of the most talented artists on the planet," she told  Whoopi Goldberg . "[But] you are even more loving than you are talented. You are walking unconditional love ... and I am blessed ', 'Her battle to bring her husband\'s killer to justice was turned into the 1996 film "Ghosts of Mississippi," with  Whoopi Goldberg  playing her on the big screen. Now, five decades after the slaying, she says she is no longer haunted by those ', 'indirectly impacts how women live their lives and the pervading culture in which they live it . And comedians/TV hosts  Whoopi Goldberg  and Joy Behar were of the mind that " if it works, it\'s ok ." Rape jokes (and jokes about anything awful or frightening ', 'superman from the original series? Sorry to disappoint you, fans: he\'s actually Guinan, the bartender played by  Whoopi Goldberg  in "Star Trek: The Next Generation.: Ok, fine, he\'s Khan. It\'s out there. It\'s on IMDB. I\'m not telling ', 'ABC "The View" co-host  Whoopi Goldberg  joined "This Week" this morning to discuss her new documentary "I Got Somethin\' to Tell You," about influential African American ', 'VIDEO CLIP) STEPHANOPOULOS: And  Whoopi Goldberg  shines in our Sunday Spotlight Our Sunday Spotlight is next,  Whoopi Goldberg  is next. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) STEPHANOPOULOS: And  Whoopi Goldberg  is up next on the Sunday Spotlight ', 'those topics and more, Sunday on "This Week." Plus, in this week\'s Sunday Spotlight, co-host of "The View"  Whoopi Goldberg  discusses her new documentary on influential comedian Moms Mabley. See the whole political picture, Sunday on ', 'former New Mexico governor Bill Richardson, and ABC News\' Cokie Roberts. Plus, in this week\'s Sunday Spotlight,  Whoopi Goldberg  discusses her new documentary on comedian Moms Mabley. See the "This Week" page for full guest listings. Tune ', "Goldberg lashed out at Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli for defending state's anti-sodomy law.", "thought we told her and you're welcome to you I a couple dollars. It's also not. A lot of comedians that at a  Whoopi Goldberg  I'm Sam Caligiuri signs Chris Rock OK name name dropping an event kind of moving. If I cannot prolong my friend ", "couple dollars. It's also not. A lot of comedians that at a Whoopi Goldberg I'm Sam Caligiuri signs Chris Rock OK name -- name dropping an event -- -- -- -- -- kind of moving. If ", 'Our "sunday spotlight" this week shines on  whoopi goldberg . This time for what the oscar-winner has done behind t camera. She\'s a driving force behind a fascinating new documentary ', 'Our "sunday spotlight" this week shines on whoopi goldberg . This time for what the oscar-winner has done behind t camera. She\'s a driving force behind a fascinating new documentary that brings ', 'leaving out to become a new face on FOX & Friends the morning show on that rates. her time at the table Barbara Walters  Whoopi Goldberg  at all Hasselbeck has often provided a conservative viewpoint but today I think if I knew that think they bet. Today ', '-- that rates. -- her time at the table -- Barbara Walters Whoopi Goldberg at all Hasselbeck has often provided a conservative viewpoint but today I think if I knew that think they bet. Today -- ', 'become a new face on FOX & Friends the morning show on the race. During her time at the table with Barbara Walters  Whoopi Goldberg  at all Hasselbeck has often provided a conservative viewpoint I think Today the he said. the past ten years have ', '-- the race. During her time at the table with Barbara Walters Whoopi Goldberg at all Hasselbeck has often provided a conservative viewpoint -- -- I think -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Today -- ', "New Jersey governor Chris Christie is firing back at the Doctor Who said used all of the is only a matter of time employee at the hottest tech. When children saw that last night. As she sat there are TV is I'm afraid he's going to die in office. Four children between nine and nineteen. my children", "After party until the other night Lindsay Lohan and her mom Dina and got into a fight over. Money and Lindsay gave to her mom to supposedly save house that Lindsay made a phone call. To her dad who tainted and then gave it to TLC that's how you all I have gone well is like Okay but here some of"]