['campaigning about the dangers of vaccines, which she believes triggered her son\'s autism. McCarthy will join "The View" as  Joy Behar  prepares to leave after being a fixture on the show since its premiere. A remaining vacancy was created last week by ', "Elisabeth Hasselbeck confirmed last week that she was leaving the show, Walters announced her retirement from TV next year.  Joy Behar  has also said that she's planning to depart after this season .", 'each having a comeback. New Kids on the Block is back on tour this summer and McCarthy has been selected to fill in for  Joy Behar  when the comedian leaves "The View" later this summer. Motorcyclist Killed Attempting Speed Record Motorcycle racer ', 'resumes!" she said, before turning to Hasselbeck and inviting her to visit. "Come back to us." Fellow co-hosts  Joy Behar , who is also leaving the show , and Whoopi Goldberg also gave Hasselbeck heartfelt goodbyes. "I just think you\'re ', 'are talented. You are walking unconditional love ... and I am blessed to call myself a friend of yours." Turning to  Joy Behar , with whom she often sparred during political debates, Hasselbeck said, "I have the most, I mean, insane amount ', 'women live their lives and the pervading culture in which they live it . And comedians/TV hosts Whoopi Goldberg and  Joy Behar  were of the mind that " if it works, it\'s ok ." Rape jokes (and jokes about anything awful or frightening) are also ', 'It\'s been a long time since one of the co-hosts has left "The View," but  Joy Behar  , one of the show\'s original members, will be the latest. Behar is leaving at the end of this season after 16 1/2 years ', 'is not leaving "The View," despite reports circulating throughout the weekend. Rumors began circulating following  Joy Behar \'s announcement last week that she was leaving the ABC late-morning show after 16 years. Barbara Walters, who started ', 'is not leaving "The View," despite reports circulating throughout the weekend. Rumors began circulating following  Joy Behar \'s announcement last week that she was leaving the ABC\'s morning talk and entertainment program after 16 years. Barbara ', 'is not leaving "The View," despite reports circulating throughout the weekend. Rumors began circulating following  Joy Behar  \'s announcement last week that she was leaving ABC\'s morning talk and entertainment program after 16 years. Barbara ', 'Joy Behar  , one of the original cast members of topics on the hour-long weekday show. " Joy Behar  has been instrumental in the success of \'The in a statement. Behar currently hosts " Joy Behar : Say Anything!" on Current TV. She previously ', 'stay safe!" Zachary Quinto : "sending thoughts of safety to the entire east coast in the path of hurricane sandy."  Joy Behar  : "Everything is cancelled. I\'m in my pajamas cooking. I already made meatloaf and baked rigatoni. Stay safe & stay ', 'hosts. No date has been publicly announced for a Romney visit to the program. Hosts Barbara Walters, Whoopi Goldberg,  Joy Behar , Elisabeth Hasselbeck and Sherri Shepherd - who represent a wide range of backgrounds and political views - are known ', "the heels that cohost aspects announcement that will be leaving to join Fox News channel's FOX & Friends involved.  Joy Behar  will also be read in the show next month and Barbara Walters is slated to showed potential in Maine on the show as executive ", "will be leaving to join Fox News channel's FOX & Friends involved. Joy Behar will also be read in the show next month and Barbara Walters is slated to -- -- showed -- potential in Maine ", 'Joy Behar  shares her top 10 reasons for leaving; Barbara Walters clears up rumors.', "We have this just in tonight from our friend  Joy Behar  she hasn't announced she will be leaving the view at the end of the season after sixteen and a half years. Alongside Barbara Walters and the gang. She says and it seemed like the right time to move on.", "We have this just in tonight from our friend Joy Behar she hasn't announced she will be leaving the view at the end of the season after sixteen and a half years. Alongside ", "People feel like wit wit that a joint base are leaving that they're losing their sister and she has been there since they'd be getting an out. Joy eBay last original member of the view besides Barbara Walters is leaving the show that we spoke exclusively with Har. This morning just moments ago she", "Joy Behar  is back from summer vacation. So much to celebrate this week she's kicking fifteenth season of the view. Launching the birds is already opened up the  Joy Behar  show on HI and perhaps the biggest surprise. You're blushing we're ", "Joy Behar is back from summer vacation. So much to celebrate this week she's kicking off her fifteenth season of the view. Launching the birds -- is already opened up the Joy Behar show on HI -- and perhaps the biggest surprise. You're blushing we're. Do you feel like I'm Brian apparel and publishing graphics ", 'out for us, our good friends -- are we ready? Players, are you ready? The twitter piece players. Our good friend,  joy behar , co-host of "the view." And some guy named sam. Some guy named sam, come on out. Sam keeps coming out. You know ', 'ready? Players, are you ready? The twitter piece players. Our good friend, joy behar , co-host of "the view." And some guy named sam. Some guy named sam, come on out. Sam keeps coming out. You know ']