[' Christian Abraham / AP Emergency personnel work at the scene where two Metro North commuter trains collided, Friday, May 17, 2013 near Fairfield, Conn.  Traffic in southwest Connecticut could be a mess for as much as a week until  service is restored to the commuter rail line affected by a derailment that  injured scores of passengers, Gov. Dannel P. Malloy warned Sunday.  Malloy used dire language to describe traffic troubles for the work week  ahead in an area that even in normal times is a pain for motorists. And the  governor warned that the weather will not cooperate as rainy weather forecast  will make driving a bit more treacherous. Malloy even urged commuters to  stay out of the state if possible. "Tomorrow\'s commute will be extremely  challenging," he said at a brief news conference in Hartford. "Residents should  plan for a week\'s worth of disruptions." If all 30,000 affected  commuters took to the highways to get to work, "we would literally have a  parking lot," the governor said. If a substantial number of affected consumers  hit the roads, traffic will be "greatly slowed," he said. The state will  dispatch more state troopers and tow trucks to respond to car accidents that  could come with crowded roads and slipper conditions, he said. "If you  are going to New York and you get to New York or you\'re transporting yourself to  New York you may decide that perhaps you should stay there for the duration of  this disturbance," Malloy said. Crews will spend days rebuilding 2,000  feet of track, overhead wires and signals following the collision between two  trains Friday evening that injured 72 people. Nine remained hospitalized, with  one critically. "This amounts to the wholesale reconstruction of a  two-track electrified railroad," he said. Several days of  around-the-clock work will be required, including inspections and testing of the  newly rebuilt system, Metro-North President Howard Permut said. The damaged rail  cars were removed from the tracks on Sunday, the first step toward making the  repairs. Starting with the Monday morning rush-hour, a shuttle train  will operate about every 20 minutes between New Haven and Bridgeport and two  shuttle buses will run between Bridgeport and Stamford stations, state  transportation officials said. For morning and evening peak commutes,  limited train service will operate between Grand Central Terminal and Westport.  State officials said travel times will be significantly longer than  normal and trains will be crowded. Commuters are advised to use the Harlem line  in New York. Amtrak service between New York and New Haven was also  suspended and there was no estimate on service restoration. Limited service was  available between New Haven and Boston. Jim Cameron, chairman of the  Connecticut Rail Commuter Council, said he\'s asked officials in numerous towns  to suspend parking rules to accommodate what could be tens of thousands of  motorists driving to unaffected train stations. Twelve stations are affected by  the shutdown. But Cameron said he doubts many commuters will use three  modes of transportation to get to work: driving their cars to catch a bus to get  to a train station for the final leg. He suggested that local and  regional officials post highway signs directing motorists to available parking  so motorists "don\'t get off the highway and drive in circles looking for where  to dump their cars." About 700 people were on board the trains Friday  evening when one heading east from New York City\'s Grand Central Terminal to New  Haven derailed just outside Bridgeport. It was hit by a train heading west from  New Haven. Dan Solomon, a trauma surgeon who lives in Westport and was  headed to work at Yale-New Haven Hospital in New Haven, was on the train that  derailed. He said he treated several injured passengers, including a woman with  severely broken ankles. He said he was in a front car that was not as  badly affected as cars in the rear of the train. "I hardly lost my iced  tea," Solomon said in an interview. Solomon said walls were torn off  both trains and he quickly checked injured passengers to separate the most badly  injured from others. "When the EMS arrived, I was covered in everyone\'s  blood," he said. Investigators are looking at a broken section of rail  to see if it is connected to the derailment and collision. Officials said it  wasn\'t clear if the rail was broken in the crash or earlier. NTSB  investigators arrived Saturday and are expected to be on site for seven to 10  days. They will look at the brakes and performance of the trains, the condition  of the tracks, crew performance and train signal information, among other  things. The MTA operates the Metro-North Railroad, the second-largest  commuter railroad in the nation. The Metro-North main lines - the Hudson,  Harlem, and New Haven - run northward from New York City\'s Grand Central  Terminal into suburban New York and Connecticut. The last significant  train collision involving Metro-North occurred in 1988 when a train engineer was  killed in Mount Vernon, N.Y., when one train empty of passengers rear-ended  another, railroad officials said. ']