[' Kathy Willens / AP An Amtrak train waiting at a platform beneath Penn Station, Monday, May 13, 2013, in New York. Regular train service returned to Connecticut on Wednesday, five days after a  derailment injured scores of commuters and damaged tracks. Commuter rail  service from Connecticut to New York City, along with Amtrak service between  Boston and New York, was back on schedule on one of the nation\'s oldest and most  heavily traveled railways. Aaron Donovan, a spokesman for Metropolitan  Transportation Authority, which operates Metro-North, said there were no major  problems or delays reported. "Trains are running normally," he said.  "We\'re back at full strength, a full schedule on the New Haven line for the  first time since Friday." The Metro-North crash at rush hour Friday  evening injured 72 people, including one who remained in critical condition  Tuesday. It snarled commutes for roughly 30,000 people who normally use the  train, forcing travelers to navigate a patchwork of cars, trains and buses.  The repairs will require a reduced speed of 30 mph for several days,  which officials say is standard for new track installations. Donovan said that  was extending the travel time by only a few minutes. "We recognize the  critical importance of both Metro-North Railroad and Amtrak to the regional  economy," Metro-North President Howard Permut said Tuesday. The National  Transportation Safety Board is investigating the accident. Officials have said  they are looking at two sections of rail found at the crash scene which appear  to have broken apart, to determine if the damage occurred during or before the  crash. Robert Kulat, a spokesman for the Federal Railroad  Administration, told the Connecticut Post that Metro-North inspected the tracks  on May 15, two days before the accident, and found they were properly aligned,  and the wood, steel and other construction materials were in good shape.  Donovan could not confirm the inspection, referring all questions on the  investigation to the NTSB. The tracks have been rebuilt to current  Federal Railroad Administration standards using all new materials and underwent  rigorous testing, officials said. Railroad officials said the speed of the  rebuilding effort was the result of hundreds of skilled people in multiple  crafts working around the clock since Saturday night. Connecticut  lawmakers plan hearings about the crash on the rail network they say is in need  of extensive improvements. Members of the General Assembly\'s  Transportation Committee said they have been briefed by state transportation  officials over the years about the hefty investment Connecticut needs to make to  fully upgrade the commuter rail line, including a couple of 100-year-old bridges  that need to be replaced. Some commuters used a shuttle train that ran  between New Haven and Bridgeport, where a bus connection to Stamford  circumvented the accident scene, and finally customers boarded a train for New  York. ']