['For anybody ever heard of George there was another headline grabbing case a Florida that had a firm grip on the national consciousness the Casey Anthony Trout you of course is the young mother. Accused of killing her two year old daughter Caylee and like Zimmermann case. Her acquittal sparked', 'Sanford Police will hold onto the gun pending a Department of Justice investigation.', "Key moments in the trial that appeared to undermine the prosecution's case for conviction.", "of the shooting but you know whose voice that is. Stretching the defense called a parade of witnesses friends of  George Zimmerman  to the All of them said they could make out the same points I there is absolutely no doubt in my mind. There's ", '-- -- Stretching the defense called a parade of witnesses friends of George Zimmerman to the -- All of them said they could make out the same points I -- -- there is absolutely no doubt ', 'fate of neighborhood watchman  george zimmerman  is now in the hands of that killing of trayvon martin,  george zimmerman  could spend the rest of his broke. Your verdict, finding  george zimmerman  either not guilty or guilty ', 'Tonight, the fate of neighborhood watchman george zimmerman is now in the hands of that jury. Six women, the all-female jury, not given the case and sequesters until they decide his guilty or innocence. If connected, second degree murder in the killing of trayvon martin, george zimmerman could spend the rest of his life behind bars. And that jury will be deciding his fate based on just a single word. The word "help" and who was screaming it in the background of a chaotic 911 call. Here\'s matt gutman, who has been on the case in florida since the story first broke. Your verdict, finding george zimmerman either not guilty or guilty must be unanimous. Reporter: The jury has the case after a tense three week trial filled with courtroom fireworks. He automatically assumed trayvon martin was criminal. Reporter: The impossibly long hours and short tempers, even had the judge storming out on the legal teams. Finally, there will be an answer to the burning question, did george zimmerman kill trayvon martin? Was it murder, manslaughter or self-defense? The tale of how martin and zimmerman\'s paths fatally collided started here in ', 'good, or he\'s on drugs or something. Reporter: That\'s the voice of george zimmerman -- and the "guy" he\'s talking about is trayvon martin, earlier seen buying an arizona drink and skittles at a 7-eleven. Martin ', "guy down and it looks like he's been shot and he's dead. George zimmerman did not shoot trayvon martin because he had to. He shot him for the worst of all reasons, because he wanted to. ", 'said martin had referred to  george zimmerman  as a -- creepy-ass cracker by extension, she works for  george zimmerman . The jaded will say she is there every day, you look at  george zimmerman  sitting right next to you ', 'Nope. Reporter: Race surfaced again when jeantel said martin had referred to george zimmerman as a -- creepy-ass cracker. Reporter: The defense team jumped on that, suggesting it was martin who had done the profiling. With ', "defense as a law clerk, which means by extension, she works for george zimmerman . The jaded will say she is nothing more than a legal prop. You sit there every day, you look at george zimmerman sitting right next to you. How do you feel about him? I feel bad for george. I think it's very unfortunate that trayvon martin lost his life, because loss of life is always unfortunate. But I think that george is also fighting for a life that probably will never be the same. But it's still his. Reporter: Do you think of george zimmerman as a topic differently than you think of george zimmerman the person? Absolutely. Reporter: Have other people asked you about her? Yeah, some have asked, you know, is she there because of ", "side don't like it, he's guilty. Reporter: And if, as many suspect, george zimmerman is acquitted, he'll win his freedom, but he may not ever really be free. I think he stays in hiding. But if ", "just had nothing to do with  george zimmerman . Well, that's not true. It had something to do with  george zimmerman . He was the victim of it state of florida tried to depict  george zimmerman  as a man who had choices and ", "and spite, maybe, that night. It just had nothing to do with george zimmerman . Well, that's not true. It had something to do with george zimmerman . He was the victim of it. Reporter: Defense attorney mark o'mara implored the jury not to assume anything or make snap judgments. ", "-- Reporter: And lawyers for the state of florida tried to depict george zimmerman as a man who had choices and made a deadly one. Trayvon martin may not have the defendant's blood on his hands but george zimmerman will forever have trayvon martin's blood on his. Reporter: Two lives, forever changed. Your verdict is not going to bring trayvon benjamin ", 'He was called by the prosecution, but ironically, helped the defense, saying george zimmerman was believable. His statement, what did that indicate to you? Either he was telling the truth or he was a complete pathological ', "case in the trial of George  George Zimmerman  it's one of the most crucial witness after witness friends of  George Zimmerman  were called by his defense team being hurt because of those are  George Zimmerman  then. The jury may find that ", "during the defense case in the trial of George -- -- -- George Zimmerman it's one of the most crucial questions in the George Zimmermann case. During certain -- who was heard yelling for help on ", 'says Zimmerman claims. -- -- you today witness after witness friends of George Zimmerman were called by his defense team to testify. They are confident it was him Zimmerman heard screaming on those tapes. Do you ', '911 call and the screens being hurt because of those -- are George Zimmerman then. The jury may find that he was acting in self defense. The government -- wants this jury to focus on who ', "Now we turn to florida,  george zimmerman  on trial for the murder of trayvon was a full-scale assault on  george zimmerman 's credibility. Do you remember That smile quickly faded.  George zimmerman  being hammered away his credibility ", "Now we turn to florida, george zimmerman on trial for the murder of trayvon martin. Today the jury heard from zimmerman's former college professor who seemed to catch zimmerman in a lie. Just what did he know about self-defense? Matt gutman has more from the florida courtroom. Reporter: It was a full-scale assault on george zimmerman's credibility. Do you remember zimmerman? I do. Reporter: The prosecution catching zimmerman in an apparent lie, asking zimmerman's former college law instructor ", 'Reporter: Eliciting a chuckle from zimmerman -- Reporter: That smile quickly faded. George zimmerman being hammered away his credibility by the prosecution. Only one person who was there for the start of the fight and the shooting. That was george zimmerman . In order to win the prosecution has to ensure the jury doubts his version of events. Now we turn to arizona where ', "Well the crux of the prosecution's case that  George Zimmerman  was a wannabe cop somebody who profiled for As somebody was that prosecutor Bernie Hillary on to because  George Zimmerman  in the State's view. Followed him was the one ", "to the jury. Well -- the crux of the prosecution's case that George Zimmerman was a wannabe cop somebody who profiled for -- -- As somebody who was about to commit a crime. By the judge's ", "Zimmermann and why was that prosecutor Bernie Hillary on to -- because George Zimmerman in the State's view. Followed him was the one who stepped out of a car and started this entire confrontation. Might following ", 'martial arts Sheehan. Where  George Zimmerman  had been training around the back but Adam testified that  George Zimmerman  was soft. And and it was not first time today damage that  George Zimmerman  had been called assault. His ', "-- Pollock who's the owner of the mixed martial arts Sheehan. Where George Zimmerman had been training around the time this occurred and at the time Zimmerman who. When he started training -- said was about 25260. Pounds gradually lost an awful lot of weight which as you can see -- Through his appearance in court now -- he's getting some of that back but Adam -- testified that George Zimmerman was soft. And and it was not proficient in anything that that he had been learning. Barely learning how to how to ", "save on Martin but it wasn't the first time today damage that George Zimmerman had been called assault. His own friend testified that he wants her to 250 pound man scream like a girl. As he ", "court today as judge Deborah Nelson demanded that  George Zimmerman  the question on. Everyone's minds for months will the defense called a parade of witnesses friends of  George Zimmerman  to the all of them said they could make out the same ", "tensions boiled over in court today as judge Deborah Nelson demanded that George Zimmerman -- the question on. Everyone's minds for months will he finally take the stand in his own murder trial. Mr. Zimmerman have ", "background screening. -- the defense called a parade of witnesses friends of George Zimmerman to the -- all of them said they could make out the same points. I thought -- was George there's absolutely no ", 'appreciate it, sam. Now, to the trial of  george zimmerman . The judge talking directly to  george zimmerman  before the defense rested. The case yesterday. The judge demanding to know where  george zimmerman  would testify on his own behalf. It ', "Thanks so much. We appreciate it, sam. Now, to the trial of george zimmerman . The judge talking directly to george zimmerman before the defense rested. The case could be in the hands of the jury as early as tomorrow. Abc's matt gutman is in sanford, florida, with the very latest. Matt, good morning. Reporter: Good morning, amy. That's right. Closing arguments today and likely jury deliberations tomorrow. And that dramatic moment in court yesterday. The judge demanding to know where george zimmerman would testify on his own behalf. It was the most the jury had heard him speak. He declined. It all comes down to this. The defense would rest. Reporter: With testimony now over, jurors will begin hearing closing arguments later today. The final moments in court wednesday, again heated. Judge deborah nelson asking george zimmerman again and again, whether he would take the stand in his own defense. Have you made a decision as to whether or ", "so. How about this? Somebody resisting the attempt? Reporter: By tomorrow night, george zimmerman could know whether he faces life in prison or freedom. We're told he's preparing for both, spending a lot of time with ", 'begin considering the fate of  george zimmerman . On trial for the murder of judge debra nelson addressing  george zimmerman  directly, demanding to know one challenges the notion that  george zimmerman  shot and killed trayvon martin ', "defense rests and the jury will soon begin considering the fate of george zimmerman . On trial for the murder of trayvon martin. We know this is a case that has americans watching and arguing all across the country and abc's matt gutman tells us about the fireworks in the courtroom today. Reporter: Tensions boiling over in the courtroom today. Have you made a decision, sir, as to whether you want to testify in this case? I object to that question. Okay, overruled. Reporter: Three times, judge debra nelson addressing george zimmerman directly, demanding to know whether he will testify. Have you made a decision as to whether you want to testify in this ", 'analyst and "nightline" anchor dan abrams. No one challenges the notion that george zimmerman shot and killed trayvon martin. The question in this case is why and how and that allows it to go a little ', "that's got to be the focus and the fact that they believe george zimmerman initiated the unter. So they will be arguing the human emotion in this. Does this mean the whole question of race which ", "into that florida courtroom,  george zimmerman  on trial for the murder of trayvon on the person on the bomb,  george zimmerman , right? That's what it looked who started this incident, if  george zimmerman  was on the bottom and getting ", "Now we take you into that florida courtroom, george zimmerman on trial for the murder of trayvon martin. The defense almost over, the case almost ready to head to the jury. Abc's ", "the one who was raining blows on the person on the bomb, george zimmerman , right? That's what it looked like. That was key because? No matter who started this incident, if george zimmerman was on the bottom and getting pummelled, he had argue self-defense and the prosecution has to disprove it beyond and reasonable doubt. You can make an argument that john good in conjunction with the injuries that george zimmerman had is right side. Do you think it's going to go the way of the defense? It's over? It's almost impossible to ", 'was a day of high drama in the  george zimmerman  trial, closing arguments and Prosecutor bernie de la rionda had  george zimmerman  cred ability in the cross hairs before you, the defendant,  george zimmerman . Reporter: One juror turned ', 'we begin tonight it was a day of high drama in the george zimmerman trial, closing arguments and prosecutors gave it all they had, trying to convince a jury of six people that zimmerman is guilty ', "la. That's what he's claiming. Reporter: Prosecutor bernie de la rionda had george zimmerman cred ability in the cross hairs, suggesting he lied that night. He claims the victim was -- how is he going to ", "of the actions of one individual, the man before you, the defendant, george zimmerman . Reporter: One juror turned away. Another seemed to nod in agreement as de la rionda ripped into zimmerman's cred ability. Do you believe that there is an innocent man sitting over there right now? Throughout zimmerman stared blankly t his chair pointed straight ahead. Barely moving until this moment. The man before you, george zimmerman , the man who was guilty of second degree murder. Reporter: Diane, saw zimmerman looking almost detached. His attorney tells me that he ", 'is a law clerk which means extension she works for  George Zimmerman  and they it will say she is nothing more than illegal for a wolves. Just yesterday in the Stanley and  George Zimmerman  who released a statement saying the judicial system ', 'defense is a law clerk which means -- extension she works for George Zimmerman and they -- it will say she is nothing more than illegal crop. You sit there every day. You look at George ', 'in the search for a wolves. Just yesterday in the Stanley and George Zimmerman who released a statement saying the judicial system has run its course pray for justice pray for -- and pray for our ', "could still live. ten to fifteen seconds after walking and talking and he made this point. to help again bolstered  George Zimmerman  credibility remembers him and said that he was forced to a slave trade Martin's arms down. Even though Martin ", "and talking and he made this point. -- to help again bolstered George Zimmerman credibility remembers him and said that he was forced to a slave trade -- Martin's arms down. Even though Martin was found "]