["pope's historic visit to  brazil . And this morning, the to pack on to a beach in  rio  today for mass. Also today Abc's alex marquardt is in  rio  with the latest. Good morning take place right here on  brazil 's famous copacabana beach ", "now. Good morning, everyone. We begin with the pope's historic visit to brazil . And this morning, the biggest security concern yet. Up to 1 million people are expected to pack on to a beach in rio today for mass. Also today, the pope visits a slum that's been regarded as one of the most dangerous in latin america. Abc's alex marquardt is in rio with the latest. Good morning, alex. Reporter: That's right. That prayer service due to take place right here on brazil's famous copacabana beach. But before then, he is going to visit that slum which has been known for its deadly violence and ", 'Speed won the opening race of the GRC season at X Games  Brazil  and is seventh in the series standings. He\'ll be competing victories, which he proved by winning his first X Games event in  Brazil ," Buhl said. "Coming from Formula One and most recently ', 'Gianniotis, Antonios Fokaidis and Kalliopi Araouzou of Greece took the silver medal in 54:03.3. The bronze went to the  Brazilian  team of Poliana Okimoto, Allan Do Carmo and Samuel De Bona in 54.03.5. The United States won the inaugural team event ', "when they greeted Francis after he celebrated a Mass in the  Brazilian  town of Aparecida on Wednesday. The Vatican spokesman Francis to get their pictures taken, too. The pope is in  Brazil  through Sunday for the church's World Youth Day festival ", 'high speed and rounding a curve when it jumped the tracks. 3. POPE CONSOLES THE LOWLY His session with drug addicts in  Brazil  is meant to drive home the message that the church must focus on the poor and those who are suffering. 4. WHERE NSA LEAKER ', 'will not reduce the problems of addiction. In a speech in  Rio de Janeiro  to inaugurate a drug-treatment wing at the Saint Francis proposed by some leaders in the region. Francis is in  Brazil  for a seven-day visit that is his first foreign trip ', "Brazil 's Defense Ministry says four navy ships 22 smaller boats to watch the beaches of  Rio de Janeiro  state during the pontiff's visit. Security during Francis' visit has been a worry for  Brazilian  authorities because of his insistence on ", "habit of kissing babies in  Brazil , and he's now held up The pontiff visited the  Brazilian  city of Aparecida on Wednesday to catch a flight back to  Rio de Janeiro , Francis halted the motorcade encountered the public in  Brazil .", 'International Airlines\' application for the gTLD .swiss, and  Brazil  and Peru spoke out against the use of the domain name .amazon cases. What could set a precedent is what happens between  Brazil , Peru and Amazon.com. "I think what Amazon does is going ', "Pope Francis says he'll be coming back to  Brazil  in 2017. The pope spoke to Catholic pilgrims moments after saying Mass at the shrine of the country's patron saint in the city ", 'halfway between  Rio  and  Sao Paulo , and tens of thousands rehabilitation center in  Rio de Janeiro . "It is true Monday arrival in  Rio , when a mob of Francis is in  Brazil  for World Youth school student from  Sao Paulo  state, said the ', 'Kuijs and Tiffany Qiu in a report. Abroad, a steeper decline in Chinese growth could hurt exporters such as Australia and  Brazil  that have prospered by feeing its demand for iron ore and other commodities. A decline of 1 percentage point in Chinese growth ', "LURE NEW PRIESTS Facing a shortage of new clergy, Francis is visiting young seminarians in a city that's a shrine to  Brazil 's patron saint. 6. GULF GAS WELL BURNS IN LOUISIANA The fire started after 44 workers were evacuated from the drilling ", 'embracing the streets of  rio de janeiro , as the motorcade was several times. Church and  brazilian  authorities claim that There was a pipe bomb at a  sao paulo  shrine that the pope is security. Pope francis is in  brazil  for innocent view day ', "francis arrived to a mob scene. The pope embracing the streets of rio de janeiro , as the motorcade was forced to a stand still, not once, but several times. Church and brazilian authorities claim that the pontiff's driver made a wrong turn and ended up on streets cluttered with cars and buses. The security detail scrambled to collect the pope. You can see the planes blessing the crowds, stopping to miss a baby. There was a pipe bomb at a sao paulo shrine that the pope is going to visit on wednesday. Despite the incident, the vatican spokesman said, there are no concerns for security. Pope francis is in brazil for innocent view day. And protests erupted less than an hour after the pope's welcoming ceremony. ", "more than 4500. Miles of  Brazil 's coast line. No stretch in recent years here in  Rio . The here and you event if you find yourself in  Rio  anytime soon says to remember morning. Reporting from  Rio de Janeiro  and Jack for future.", "Of the more than 4500. Miles of Brazil's coast line. No stretch of -- is more famous than he'd -- the -- This stunning mountain -- date is immortalized in ", "We're here  Rio de Janeiro  along with millions of young Catholics who have come from all over the world. For world youth day and to catch a glimpse of hope ", "We're here -- -- Rio de Janeiro along with millions of young Catholics who have come from all over the world. For world youth day and to catch a ", "pope's historic visit to  brazil . And this morning, the to pack on to a beach in  rio  today for mass. Also today Abc's alex marquardt is in  rio  with the latest. Good morning take place right here on  brazil 's famous copacabana beach ", "now. Good morning, everyone. We begin with the pope's historic visit to brazil . And this morning, the biggest security concern yet. Up to 1 million people are expected to pack on to a beach in rio today for mass. Also today, the pope visits a slum that's been regarded as one of the most dangerous in latin america. Abc's alex marquardt is in rio with the latest. Good morning, alex. Reporter: That's right. That prayer service due to take place right here on brazil's famous copacabana beach. But before then, he is going to visit that slum which has been known for its deadly violence and ", "now back at  Rio de Janeiro  I'm Karen I'm not in  Brazil  I'm in being in  Brazil  because here places in  Rio .  Rio de Janeiro  hugs the marvelous city.  Brazilians  have always issue. On  Brazil  earlier this kind of the  Brazilian  version of ", "hard to really see for first time visitors but some of the Brazil's best designers. Operational room style boutiques in converted residential buildings very discreet. The most famous being the argument of building which is. ", 'elementary school in the midst of a Rampage a former student in  Brazil  opened fire Thursday killing twelve children learning more for their lives outside a classroom in of course suburb of  Rio  Janeiro. One student here holding his blood and shoulder ', "elementary school in the midst of a Rampage a former student in Brazil opened fire Thursday killing twelve children -- learning more about the shooter as we see the terrifying events unfold. Here's Mike -- SARS. Cameras in -- hallway capture the horror student running for their lives outside a classroom in of course suburb of Rio -- Janeiro. One student here holding his blood and shoulder as He runs from class others you -- barely crawling out in ", 'are asking does that fit him at risk. Alex marquardt in  brazil  for us. Reporter: Today the pope who prized himself on open jeep, no bulletproof pope mobile for him. Here in  brazil  that openness is causing security jitters, along with moments ', 'many are asking does that fit him at risk. Alex marquardt in brazil for us. Reporter: Today the pope who prized himself on being a man of the people was right there among them. Reaching out, hugging and kissing. Unlike predecessors, pope francis is using an open jeep, no bulletproof pope mobile for him. Here in brazil that openness is causing security jitters, along with moments like this one when that wrong turn led to adoring supporters mobbing his ']