["Drinks companies, tourism industry criticize Turkey's plan to curb alcohol sales - NBC News.com", "Drinks companies, tourism industry criticize Turkey's plan to curb alcohol sales", "Drinks companies, tourism industry criticize Turkey's plan to curb alcohol sales", ' Murad Sezer / Reuters A Turkish man smokes in a bar with a drink in front of him in Istanbul July 14, 2009.  Drinks companies and the tourism industry voiced opposition to Turkey\'s plans to  ban alcohol advertising and curb sales ahead of a final decision on the bill,  saying it could hit tourism revenues and have little impact on alcohol abuse.  Turkey announced plans last month to ban alcohol advertising and stop  shops selling alcohol from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. and President Abdullah Gul has  until Tuesday to sign or reject the bill. Beer and spirits makers have  said it is too early to determine the impact of the restrictions, but all  criticized the plan. Diageo, the leading spirits maker in Turkey and  which bought local company Mey Icki in 2011, said on Friday that cooperation  between government, industry and interest groups was a better way to tackle  alcohol abuse. Galip Yorgancioglu, managing director of Diageo Turkey,  said in an emailed statement that regulation focusing on the realities of  alcohol harm was better than a marketing ban that could affect tourism and other  areas of commerce. Pernod Ricard, the No. 2 spirits maker in Turkey,  said it too was disappointed because it had not been consulted. "We are  not convinced that this will reduce alcohol abuse," a company spokesman said.  The curbs on alcohol by the Islamist government have added to anger in  Turkey, reflected in a current wave of protests in the country, against what  people see as Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan\'s pursuit of an "Islamist" agenda  that goes against the country\'s secular constitution. Shares in Turkish  brewer Anadolu Efes fell 7.6 percent and Turk Tuborg 2.0 percent on the day the  restrictions were announced on May 24. They have since fallen a further 8.3 and  9.5 percent respectively. A senior manager at a foreign alcoholic  beverage company in Turkey, who requested anonymity, said the ban on advertising  was the harshest measure as it limited the opportunity to market new products,  necessary for expansion. "It is impossible to do this by word of mouth  alone," he said. "Alcoholic beverage companies requested a hearing from  the president. We also stress that in its current form the regulations would  encourage counterfeit products," he said. Another drinks executive said  that, even before the law had come into effect, some stores had already faced  pressure to remove alcohol-related advertising. Foreign companies, he  said, would think twice about investing in Turkey. "Why should they  invest in a country where they won\'t have the right to advertise? How can they  market their products?" Drinks companies estimate alcohol consumption  per person in Turkey is 1.3 liters a year whereas the average is 10-11 liters in  Europe and 16.5 liters in Russia.Tourism revenues seen hit by restrictionsTurkey\'s tourism industry said the restrictions would hurt  tourism revenues, a major economic sector. "The changes in regulations  will undoubtedly have a negative impact on numbers of visitors and tourism  revenues," said Timur Bayindir, head of Turkey\'s TUROB tourism industry  association. "Turkey\'s medium-term goal for 2023 is to draw 50 million  foreign visitors and $50 billion in revenues. To achieve this, revenue per  tourist must increase to $1,000 from $800 now. However this is not possible by  not selling drinks or restrictions on leisure." Turkish tourism drew  revenues of $29.4 billion in 2012 and tourism receipts helped finance more than  half of the country\'s $46.9 billion high current account deficit last year. ']