['The president unveils new proposals to jump start debate for more American jobs.', "economists think that China has kind of a credit bubble similar to what. We saw here in the United States going back to the big  housing bubble  20052006. A lot you know they've been easy lending over there pushing property values. The question is is there are ", "We saw here in the United States going back to the big housing bubble 20052006. A lot you know they've been easy lending over there pushing property values. The question is is there are a lot ", "It's difficult still in this country to get alone in part of the reason for that is it was too easy it's for when the  housing bubble  burst one of the things behind it is that keep for getting approved for loans that they shouldn't be getting approved ", "reason for that is it was too easy it's for when the housing bubble burst one of the things behind it is that keep for getting approved for loans that they shouldn't be getting approved for ", "say who huge investor who seek. Got us right about the  real estate bubble  bubble made what's the word bubble made up fortune office commercial real estate which they have levered. Remember  housing bubble  leverage they do what they are the same way international ", "say who -- huge investor who seek. Got us right about the real estate bubble bubble made what's the word bubble made up fortune office OK and now he's doing it again he's saying take a look ", 'everyone was hoping to make some money on it should but the  housing bubble  burst on the prices of homes in cities and suburbs and while even when the rest of the country was going to this  real estate bubble  over certain rural areas that never felt that those effects ', "while even when the rest of the country was going to this real estate bubble over certain rural areas that never felt that those effects. Are you saying that now they're beginning to creep up the price ", 'gutted. But in a matter of just two months, it will be on the market and up for sale. Flipping homes helped fuel the  real estate bubble , and it made for tv gold. Remember all those shows? From "flip this house" to "flip that house." One, two, three ', 'on the market and up for sale. Flipping homes helped fuel the real estate bubble , and it made for tv gold. Remember all those shows? From "flip this house" to "flip that house." One, two, three. Let\'s ', 'influence senior Republicans. To be favorable toward Fannie Freddie. Freddie Mac meet so many risky loans during the  real estate bubble . That it needed a taxpayer bailout in 2008 a 54 billion dollars. A much bigger bailout than any of the banks and just ', 'toward Fannie Freddie. Freddie Mac meet so many risky loans during the real estate bubble . That it needed a taxpayer bailout in 2008 a 54 billion dollars. A much bigger bailout than any of the banks and ', 'past two days. Would you like to own it one day? No. I save money renting instead of buying, especially obviously the  real estate bubble  that burst. This is your bathroom. And now robin is renting out hr rental. Carson is visiting from albuquerque for the ', 'day? No. I save money renting instead of buying, especially obviously the real estate bubble that burst. This is your bathroom. And now robin is renting out hr rental. Carson is visiting from albuquerque for the weekend. ', 'at the end of the movie what happened of the characters in the future. The Watergate got wrapped up in the commercial  real estate bubble  bought by private equity company went into foreclosure. The office is now occupied by staff from the Iraqi embassy. And ', 'characters in the future. The Watergate got wrapped up in the commercial real estate bubble bought by private equity company went into foreclosure. The office is now occupied by staff from the -- Iraqi embassy. And Ron ', "age of thirty. Unemployment is about 50% wow I mean it is it is a real depression in Spain. They had property boom in  real estate bubble  just like we did crash really badly. So the banks are sitting on this bad there's no jobs especially for younger workers ", "it is a real depression in Spain. They had property boom in real estate bubble just like we did -- -- crash really badly. So the banks are sitting on this bad -- there's no jobs especially ", "The housing mess is that the core of the economic crisis. Falling home prices have made it impossible to refinance mortgages and so people are going into foreclosure at a record pace. mortgages have soured the global credit markets which now frozen. So today's home price report from Standard and", 'bubble there like we saw in the US housing market here in in China for example. Mean there is that something looks like a  real estate bubble  in China at least in some of this big cities in China where. Real estate prices have gone up very fast and people are ', 'in China for example. Mean there is that something looks like a real estate bubble in China at least in some of this big cities in China where. Real estate prices have gone up very fast and ', "As you mentioned real estate and I've I've heard a lot of economists talk about their fear of the the commercial  real estate bubble  how concerned are you buy that well I think sort of popped consent. Real estate prices soon generally are down almost ", 'a lot of economists talk about their fear of the the commercial real estate bubble -- how concerned are you buy that well I think sort of popped consent. Real estate prices soon generally are down almost ', 'The complicated task of selling a home got a lot harder after the  real estate bubble  now sellers have to do more than ever to potential buyers to stop and take a look what that means that slapping a new coat of paint ', 'complicated task of selling a home got a lot harder after the real estate bubble -- now sellers have to do more than ever to -- potential buyers to stop and take a look what that means ', "panicked because they have an adjustable rate mortgage. And arms as they're called got a terrible reputation during the  real estate bubble . Because many of them were adjusting upwards and that homeowners could no longer afford the lungs but guess what people ", "mortgage. And arms as they're called got a terrible reputation during the real estate bubble . Because many of them were adjusting upwards and that homeowners could no longer afford the lungs but guess what people arms can ", "As you mentioned real estate and I've I've heard a lot of economists talk about their fear of the the commercial  real estate bubble  How concerned are you buy that will sort of popped consent. Real estate prices soon generally are down almost 50%. And ", 'a lot of economists talk about their fear of the the commercial real estate bubble -- How concerned are you buy that will -- sort of popped consent. Real estate prices soon generally are down almost 50%. ']