['to grow faster in the second half of the year as the economy strengthens. Rising consumer confidence, boosted by climbing  home prices  and an improving job market, should combine to drive the economy to stronger growth, helping companies earn more. The economy ', "consumer sentiment in July was 85.1. That's up one point from June but nearly 13 points higher than a year ago. Rising  home prices  and steady job gains are boosting household wealth and income. The proportion of Americans who expect their inflation-adjusted ", 'the price of copper to whether a company will cut its dividend. Some made fortunes predicting the downfall of the U.S.  housing market . The funds try to earn big returns for investors with a variety of strategies, typically including bets for and against ', 'the price of copper to whether a company will cut its dividend. Some made fortunes predicting the downfall of the U.S.  housing market . The funds try to earn big returns for investors with a variety of strategies, typically including bets for and against ', 'the price of copper to whether a company will cut its dividend. Some made fortunes predicting the downfall of the U.S.  housing market . The funds try to earn big returns for investors with a variety of strategies, typically including bets for and against ', 'other major banks over their sales to Fannie and Freddie of about $196 billion in mortgage securities that soured when the  housing market  collapsed in 2007. UBS will pay about $415 million to Fannie and $470 million to Freddie. The FHFA said the deal means ', 'flipped. Click Here for Tips on Raising Your Home Appraisal According to RealtyTrac, flipping is making a comeback in this  housing market . The market is currently on track to hit record highs this year, up almost 20 percent from last year. Nationally, flippers ', "benchmark rate for most mortgage loans. A sharp increase in the rate drives up mortgage costs and could slow down sales in the  housing market . It's still very low by historical standards, thanks in large part to the Federal Reserve's massive bond-buying program ", 'has helped drive economic growth this year. Greater demand, along with a tight supply of homes for sale, has pushed up  home prices . It also has led to more home construction, which has created more jobs. This week the government said U.S. sales of ', "controversies. While official Washington's attention has been elsewhere, the economy has slowly but steadily improved. The  housing market  is recovering, the stock market is booming, and unemployment is falling despite remaining uncomfortably high at 7.6 ", "biggest annual gain since January 1992.  Home sales  and prices have climbed since early last manufacturing and business investment. New- home sales  make up only a small part of the market builders' outlook for single-family  home sales  over the next six months are at the highest ", 'housing recovery. They usually account for about 40 percent of  home sales , but in recent months that number has dipped to around 30 prices by banks as well as a weak jobs market are factors. " Home prices  continue to roll," says Walter Maloney of the National Association ', 'Oil stays under $107 after US  home sales  fall, traders await inventories data for new cue', 'First-time home buyers, long a key underpinning of the  housing market , are increasingly getting left behind in the real-estate late 20s or early 30s, have accounted for about 30% of  home sales  over the past year. They represented 40% of sales, on ', 'The index is at an all-time high, though trading volumes were lower than average. A surprising fall in U.S. existing  home sales  in June to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.08 million kept investor sentiment on Wall Street in check. In currency ', "the deadly attack on Americans in Benghazi, Libya. All the while, the economy has slowly but steadily improved. The  housing market  is coming back, the stock market is on the rise and consumer confidence is near its highest levels of Obama's presidency ", 'Oil falls on report showing dip in sales of existing homes in US; pump prices steady at $3.67', '15.2 percent from a year ago.  Home sales  have recovered since early last at historically low levels, and  home prices  remain relatively affordable despite and business investment. Rising  home sales  lead to more spending at furniture ', 'head of multi-asset strategies for ING U.S. Investment Management. Lower interest rates should also support the  housing market  and boost the economy. "A lot of the fears that had come from these higher rates are abating," Zemsky said. "Rates have ']