["Campaigning for Mali's watershed July 28 presidential election officially begins on Sunday, with the nation struggling to move on from war and return to desperately-...", "Pakistan's lawmakers will elect a new president on August 6, the election commission said Tuesday, to replace Asif Ali Zardari who will not stand for a second term.N...", "Afghan lawmakers have passed a bill to give the country's controversial electoral complaints watchdog more power and independence for the upcoming elections, officia...", 'Mali lifted a five-month state of emergency on Saturday, the eve of the start of a presidential election campaign for July 28 polls in the troubled west African nati...', 'Pakistan to hold presidential election Aug. 6; current president not expected to contest again', "Pakistan says it will hold an election for the country's president on Aug. 6.The country's election commission said in a statement Tuesday that candidates can submit...", 'The Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan concludes its second-ever election on Saturday, with the race to form a government too close to call as voters give their verdict on ...', "Officials in Bhutan count votes in tiny Himalayan nation's second-ever national elections ", "Hundreds of thousands of people in the tiny Himalayan nation of Bhutan went to the polls Saturday to elect a government in the country's second parliamentary electio...", "Zimbabwe's early vote by police, officials enters 2nd day after materials delivered late", 'Police, soldiers and officials are lining up to vote across Zimbabwe for a second day after earlier polling was mired in chaos with ballot papers, ballot boxes and o...', 'The 2010 Congressional midterm elections were approaching. Attacks on the Tea Party and groups calling for less government spending and taxation were in full swing.P...', 'Egypt election commission  to look into fraud complaints filed by candidate who lost to Morsi', "Egypt's official news agency says an election commission will look into complaints by presidential candidate Ahmed Shafiq alleging irregularities and forgery in last...", 'The House on Thursday passed a bill to end the public financing of presidential campaigns. It would dismantle a system set up after the Watergate scandal of the 1970...', "Obama's Rebuke of High Court Highlights Fear of Foreign Influence in U.S. Elections ", "The Supreme Court's decision on campaign finance has jumbled a seemingly simple rule of American politics -- foreigners should play no role in U.S. elections.Preside...", 'U.S. Rep. Edward Markey holds a narrow lead over his opponent, Gabriel Gomez, in the special race to represent Massachusetts in the U.S. Senate, a new poll shows.Mar...', "Congresswoman Michele Bachmann says she will not run for re-election in 2014, ending her tenure as the representative from Minnesota's sixth congressional district a...", 'A former Nevada powerbroker was convicted Wednesday of making illegal campaign contributions to U.S. Sen. Harry Reid.A federal jury reached the verdict in the case a...', 'Sanford, Colbert Busch trade jabs in spirited debate ahead of South Carolina election', 'Former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford, trying to resurrect a political career, and Democrat Elizabeth Colbert Busch traded verbal jabs during spirited exchanges Mo...', 'An outside group founded this spring by two former Obama White House advisers has raked in millions in donations since April, relying in part on top-flight fundraise...', 'WASHINGTON -- An outside group founded this spring by two former Obama White House advisers has raked in millions in donations since April, relying in part on top-fl...', 'Top official makes opening statement, invokes Fifth Amendment right at House hearing']