['review-a time-consuming process that, he says, "impairs recovery." Over the past year, says Humphries, the national  housing market  has rebounded strongly, even though "the sometimes dramatic run-ups during these months were never expected to be sustainable ', 'a 2012 Harvard study noted that fewer than half of Hispanics owned a home in 2011, meaning more than half rented. While  home prices  have dropped off some, rent prices have not. Latinos were hit disproportionately hard by the foreclosure crisis and many ', 'Traders will gain some insight into the housing recovery today. The National Association of Realtors releases existing  home sales  for March this morning. There are a few companies reporting their quarterly financial results today. They include industrial ', 'poll out this morning finds 51 percent of Americans expect  home prices  to increase in their area, up from 33 percent last year and more than when they bought it, up from 53 percent in 2012.  Home prices  in some parts of the country are soaring. Sellers are in ', 'consumer credit situation is as good or better as it was way back then," he added. More good news for the recovering  housing market . USA Today reports that more millennials are buying homes before they get hitched. Almost a quarter of married homeowners ', 'Both sides held more talks yesterday. A snapshot on housing. Today The National Association of Homebuilders releases its  housing market  index for April. It may show more improvement. This will be a busy week for first-quarter corporate profits. More than ', "as Americans may have diverted some cash to eat out more. Spending on furniture also rose, the result of an improving  housing market . On the whole, today's report doesn't bode well for the economy. As economist Joel Naroff explained it in a note ", 'debt could have a broad impact on the  housing market  and overall economy, according to Financial Protection Bureau this week. The  housing market  isn\'t the only thing impacted by unchecked, could negatively affect the  housing market  and the broader economy."', 'wants to help reinvigorate the PC market." The latest report on home foreclosures is another sign of improvement for the  housing market . Listings firm RealtyTrac says the number of homes repossessed by lenders last month fell to the lowest level in more than ', 'Despite ultra-low interest rates, an analysis by Zillow indicates that homeowners paid more for their homes in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to relative to median income levels than they did from 1985 through 1999. This was the case for homeowners in 24 of...', 'rather than having been sliced and diced into tradable securities. So as the economy tumbled into recession and average  home prices  plunged by 35 percent, any elevation of losses would be charged to loan loss reserves and written off over years, not sold ', 'a permanent fix, including more heat insulation and a system for venting battery gases outside of the plane. The spring  home sales  season is now underway and buyers are being greeted by falling mortgage rates. The national average for a 30-year fixed-rate ', 'real estate data provider CoreLogic ,  home prices  rose 10.2 percent in February on a increase since March 2006. Nationwide,  home prices  have been rising rapidly, especially confidence that comes with increases in  home prices . There is something called the wealth ', '45. Jan. 21, 2008: Stock markets around the world crash amid a financial crisis brought on in part by the end of the  housing market  bubble. 46. Jan. 20, 2009: Sen. Barack Obama is inaugurated as the 44th president of the United States, and the first ', 'several reasons why refunds are likely to rise. "The economy is better. Job growth is up and real estate prices are up. More  home sales ." Johnson says if you haven\'t done your taxes yet a software program can help. "Things like Turbo Tax, H&R Block ', 'Home prices  posted their biggest year-over-year yet another sign of a  housing market  clawing back from a deep by the housing bust.  Home prices  have been moving higher returning to normal.  Home prices  across the country are ', "Economists expect regulators not to take their foot off the accelerator because even though the U.S. economy is strengthening,  home prices  are rising and retail sales are up, the 7.7 percent unemployment still isn't low enough. Richard Davies Business Correspondent ", 'with several new reports to be released including existing  home sales , housing starts, and the important National Association confidence index. The numbers are likely to show construction and  home sales  are still in recovery mode The auto-industry turnaround ', 'consumer? One reason is the recent improvement in the  housing market . Very low interest rates have encouraged many homeowners DataQuick President John Walsh. The research firm says average  home prices  in the six-county region rose nearly 21 percent last month ', "the economy. I'll- I'll give you an example. We should be helping Americans refinance their homes right now. The  housing market 's finally recovering. We've got an opportunity where ev- every American out there could get up to $3,000 in, basically "]