["five-year bull market, helped by the Federal Reserve, which has kept interest rates near zero to assist in the recovery of the  housing market . The Dow is up 7.8 percent for the year. The Standard & Poor's index rose 11 points to 1,536. It's also within ", '2007. Since the last record, the  housing market  collapsed, the economy has stumbled zero to assist in the recovery of the  housing market . Scott Brown, chief economist with in gasoline prices. However, the  housing market  is improving and replacement needs ', 'Timber! An improved U.S.  housing market  plus rising foreign demand for wood are boosting in part to the ongoing recovery of the U.S.  housing market . New- home sales  in January rose at their fastest rate since July ', 'number of Americans who signed contracts to buy homes rose to the highest level since April 2010. The increase pointed to more  home sales  in the coming months. Orders for factory goods grew by the most in more than a year, suggesting that companies are confident ', 'Case-Shiller home price index.  Home prices  in major cities across the country. Though  home prices  are increasing, they investment and an increase in  home prices  adds significantly to economic recovery. The  housing market  though has yet to completely ', 'economic recovery." Low long-term rates have led to increased spending on durable goods such as automobiles and the  housing market , he said. One slightly testy exchange resulted from the otherwise subdued hearing when the Fed chair was questioned by ', "property is sold by increasing the cost basis and lowering the gains on the sale, he says. Coupled with the tax exclusion, a  home sale  usually means most homeowners won't pay capital gains taxes on the sale if it's their primary residence, they've lived ", "American electorate that has little trust in Washington - and that's seeing a soaring stock market, plus a recovering  housing market  - looks to be tuning out the latest round of fiscal fighting, at least for now, writes ABC's Rick Klein. That's troublesome ", "American electorate that has little trust in Washington - and that's seeing a soaring stock market, plus a recovering  housing market  - looks to be tuning out the latest round of fiscal fighting, at least for now. That's troublesome news for Obama ", 'surprising drop after they jumped 15.7 percent during the previous month, according to the Commerce Department. Though the  housing market  has recovered since the 2008, privately-owned housing starts last month were 8.5 percent below the revised estimate ', "'This Week' Transcript: Rep. Paul Ryan and White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough", "about the sequester, which is we've seen pretty good economic activity over the course of the last several months. The  housing market  is healing. The stock market is coming back. You've seen consumer confidence restored. So the lens through which the ", 'spotlight faded, Van Winkle found another passion in learning how to turn trash into treasure . He jumped into the then booming  housing market  and started flipping houses and renovating them. "It wasn\'t rocket science. You get in where you fit in and I just ', "Business Memo... More signs of renewed strength for the  housing market ... Mortgage delinquency rates are down to their lowest foreclosure properties and short sales will be on the market.  Home prices  rose in nearly 90 percent of the nation's largest metropolitan ", 'foreign oil than we have in twenty. Our  housing market  is healing, our stock market is rebounding involve our housing sector. Today, our  housing market  is finally healing from the collapse of 2007.  Home prices  are rising at the fastest pace in six ', "least $5 billion. Down one day, back up the next. Stock averages reversed Monday's slide largely thanks to a surge in  home prices  and cautious signs of improvement in the European economy. The Dow closed up 99 points yesterday. The high-tech Nasdaq ", 'Getty Images  Home prices  are accelerating in most local markets estate data provider, says average  home prices  rose 8.3 percent in December compared rose last year in 46 of 50 states.  Home prices  also rose 0.4 percent in December ', 'or legal merit." The company complained that it was being punished unfairly for failing to predict the collapse of the  housing market . The lawsuit is the first federal crackdown against ratings firms linked to the mortgage mess. Some state prosecutors ', 'opens for business today above 14,000 after another rally on Friday. With all the market euphoria, and a rally in the  housing market , plus gains for auto sales, it may be surprising that U.S. consumers are still very cautious about spending money ', 'the biggest comeback in  home prices  were places that were November 2012, average  home prices  across the country were Minneapolis. While the  housing market  seemed to be recovering contributing to the higher  home prices .', 'because two gunmen got in an altercation and that it was not an active shooting incident. 3.  Home Sales  Drop, but 2012 Numbers Up Existing  home sales  dipped in December from November, but according to the Nation Association of Retailors, the ']