["Our real money team saving american families thousands of dollars and tonight we keep going. What about this  housing market  suddenly coming back to life? Abc's chief business and economics correspondent rebecca jarvis with three simple tips ", "families thousands of dollars and tonight we keep going. What about this housing market suddenly coming back to life? Abc's chief business and economics correspondent rebecca jarvis with three simple tips to suddenly get thousands more ", 'economic activity.  Home sales  house prices and residential confidence in both the  housing market  and the economy. Rising housing construction and  home sales  are adding to job growth substantial increases in  home prices  are bolstering household ', 'fiscal policy. Housing has contributed significantly to recent gains in economic activity. Home sales house prices and residential construction. Have moved up over the past years. And improved confidence in both the housing market and the economy. Rising housing construction and home sales are adding to job growth. A substantial increases in home prices are bolstering household finances and consumer spending. While reducing the number of homeowners with -- underwater mortgages. Housing activity and prices seem ', 'know why would ostracize some shares in this and in this game we got this little and dog and pony show. Hey what are the  housing market  I mean obviously seen some recovery but first time buyers right. Ride the first time buyers by the flippers. But that ', 'this little -- and dog and pony show. Hey what are the housing market I mean obviously -- -- seen some recovery but -- first time buyers right. Ride the first time buyers -- -- by ', "surged to new all-time highs as the country's  housing market  showed its best gains in nearly seven years 20 days. Just released figures also on the  housing market  show that  home prices  nationally rose 11%. Pretty big there, robin ", "for your wallet. Stocks surged to new all-time highs as the country's housing market showed its best gains in nearly seven years much the dow surged 106 points to finish the session at 15,409, a new ", 'thousand dollars in just 20 days. Just released figures also on the housing market show that home prices nationally rose 11%. Pretty big there, robin. Oh, yes, so where are we seeing the strongest housing markets, rebecca? Reporter: The places ', "make it sound as if this trader knew he was selling securities sees are these are very complex securities linked to the  housing market . The internal emails make it sound as if he knew these securities were likely to collapse sold them anyway and we're ", "selling securities sees are these are very complex securities linked to the housing market . The internal emails make it sound as if he knew these securities were likely to collapse sold them anyway and we're gonna ", "to hear. Because mortgage rates are going higher. And  housing market  the mortgage mortgage applications for me are going down house. That means right now is a critical time for the  housing market . It's very important watch this over the next few weeks ", "not so want to hear. Because mortgage rates are going higher. And housing market -- -- the mortgage mortgage applications -- for me -- are going down mean fewer people are walking and trying to get a mortgage for brand new house. That means right now is a critical time for the housing market . It's very important watch this -- over the next few weeks because real human beings. Actually have to go in and apply ", "market. Three, big reasons. Number one, you have the country adding jobs. Companies are adding jobs here. Number two,  home sales , car sales, they're improving. And the third thing is, help from fed chairman, ben bernanke. He keeps stimulating ", "have the country adding jobs. Companies are adding jobs here. Number two, home sales , car sales, they're improving. And the third thing is, help from fed chairman, ben bernanke. He keeps stimulating the economy. And that's ", 'begin with good news for homeowners. Evidence the  housing market  is roaring back. Today, we learned that existing sometimes, the sales are taking just a few days. Also  home prices  are rising, as buyers search and compete for houses ', "We begin with good news for homeowners. Evidence the housing market is roaring back. Today, we learned that existing homes are selling at a faster pace in this country than any time in the past three years. And sometimes, the sales are taking just a few days. Also home prices are rising, as buyers search and compete for houses in neighborhoods across this country. So, is it time to sell? Abc's steve ", "price data has come out new  home prices . What is it show.  Home prices  are taking off honestly we at two today showing that  home prices . Up up double digits year there's a big recovery in the  housing market . However there's a lot ", "hearing more about it. Okay home price data has come out new home prices . What is it show. Home prices are taking off honestly we know that we know they've been going up. The latest daily at two -- today showing that home prices . Up up double digits year over year in one. Up significantly in the other this basically tells us what we already know which is that there's a big recovery in the housing market . However there's a lot -- ago because. They're still is a shortage of homes on the market and that's one reason these. ", "the mid single digits -- -- sing religious something like a normal housing market so. Again the housing market is taking off but it's still a very out of -- which is -- -- why we're seeing such big increases when we really need to see just modest increases that's what -- healthy housing market looks like. And certainly people are nervous as interest rates are creeping up they they wanna get the deal to -- before ", "Reporter: Important news and good news. Everyone's been waiting for the  housing market  to take off since the collapse in 2008. Now, we're learning that  home prices  jumped 6.3% in october, compared to the same time last year. That's ", "Reporter: Important news and good news. Everyone's been waiting for the housing market to take off since the collapse in 2008. Now, we're learning that home prices jumped 6.3% in october, compared to the same time last year. That's the biggest year-to-year gain since 2006. Now, prices rose in ", "told you that new  home sales  were down tonight slow season for  home sales  but this is more issue the rush of  home sales  we saw late last weather was worst  housing market  has recovered interest rates and  home prices  it's a really ", "housing industry may be stalling. On Wednesday we told you that new home sales were down -- tonight sales of existing homes fell seven point 2% in January. The second monthly drop in a row and Betsy Stark is here to tell us what's behind affecting. The plan any realtor will tell you winters a slow season for home sales but this is more than a winter lull there are two other explanations for this stall out. First issue the rush of home sales we saw late last year. Remember that 8000 dollar tax credit the government was offering to first time home buyers it was supposed to run out in November. That drove many people to -- before the deadline stealing some future sales from both December and January. The other issue the terrible weather record snowfalls in January kept many homebuyers in sales dropped most in the northeast. Where the weather was worst housing market has recovered from the exceedingly low levels that we saw hit nearing their worst of the recession that -- We're still not ", "Than it is right now with the combination of interest rates and home prices it's a really good time. Really good time to be a buyer tougher time to be a seller. The question for the housing market overall though is what happens after April when those tax credits go away. Well the economy be strong enough will there be ", 'her cross is slowing too. And  housing market  that was in tatters is showing construction is expanding and  home prices  are rising at the fastest rate their homes. But to keep our  housing market  and our economy growing congress ', 'rate in decades. The rise helped her cross is slowing too. And housing market that was in tatters is showing new signs of real strength. Sales are rising for closures are declining construction is expanding and home prices are rising at the fastest rate in nearly seven years or helping a lot of families. -- a lot easier. Now we need to do more. This week my administration announced the -- standing a program to help more responsible families modify their mortgages so they can stay in their homes. But to keep our housing market and our economy growing congress needs to step up and do its part. Members of congress will be coming back next week ', 'Their jobs and their homes. Our  housing market  is he. Sales are up. Foreclosures expanding. And thanks to rising  home prices  over the past year. One point act on. Our economy and our  housing market  are poised for progress. We ', "and costing millions of responsible Americans. Their jobs and their homes. Our housing market is he. Sales are up. Foreclosures are down. Construction is expanding. And thanks to rising home prices over the past year. One point seven million more American families have been able to come -- -- -- because they're no ", "-- representative congress why they won't act on. Our economy and our housing market are poised for progress. We could do so much more if we work together. More good jobs greater security for middle class ", 'news out on the economy. New  home sales  suggest the  housing market  is in better shape than it addition to existing homes, new  home sales  are up, as well. They had behind all this? Reporter:  Home prices  are finally starting to rise ', "There's great news out on the economy. New home sales suggest the housing market is in better shape than it has been in years. And the financial markets are also on the rise. Are we turning ", "mortgage is now well over 4%. I was long there at 350. Or thereabouts and so it's definitely gonna put a strain on the  housing market  all because of lower bond prices is that only contributing factor. And that's really I mean it is definitely. Your mortgage ", "Or thereabouts and so it's definitely gonna put a strain on the housing market all because of lower bond prices is that -- only contributing factor. And that's really I mean it is definitely. Your mortgage ", 'having on their business because back in more broadly be an indication. What impact rising mortgage rates is having on the  housing market  I would also mention. It with the volatility that has come from the feds. Decision people will be looking. For indications ', 'be an indication. What impact rising mortgage rates is having on the housing market I would also mention. It with the volatility that has come from the feds. Decision people will be looking. For indications. The ', 'those hoping the  housing market  would rebound this down. Existing  home sales  in July fell over balanced market. New  home sales  in July even worse Combined total  home sales  were down 13%. And  home prices  followed suit ', "For those hoping the housing market would rebound this summer so far that's turned out to just be wishful thinking. Recent sales figures show that the slide in the real estate market is not slowing down. Existing home sales in July fell over 10% from a year ago. There now enough homes on the market for eight months of sale price is six months of housing supply is generally considered to be a balanced market. New home sales in July -- even worse plummeting 22%. Compared to last year. Combined total home sales were down 13%. And home prices followed suit. One widely respected home price index reported -- decline in housing prices for the eighteenth straight month. Fifteen of twenty ", 'The collapse of the  housing market  continues to set new point 6%. Median  home prices  dropped to 181300 just as bad for new  home sales . The government reported slashed. Bottom line the  housing market  which is the root of ', "The collapse of the housing market continues to set new records as sales and prices continued their steep decline in November. The National Association of Realtors reported that sales of existing homes fell eight point 6% last month -- lower than analysts had expected. Compared to a year ago sales were off ten point 6%. Median home prices dropped to 181300. Dollars the lowest level since February 2004. And prices are down more than 13% from a year ago that's the largest year over year drop on record. The news was just as bad for new home sales . The government reported that sales in November dropped more than 35%. From a year ago to the slowest pace since January 1991. And the median sales price for new home also fell nearly 12% in the last month. With millions of new and existing homes on the market for sale or in foreclosure prices for all types of homes are expected to keep dropping. Despite mortgage rates being slashed. Bottom line the housing market which is the root of our current financial crisis has not yet improved with the money minute I'm Charles Herman ABC news ", "Actually, good news. We are stronger, we are. Our economy is getting better. Reporter: The best month for existing  home sales  in three and a ears. And improvement in jobs. All of this means there's less need for this man, fed chairman ben bernanke ", "are. Our economy is getting better. Reporter: The best month for existing home sales in three and a ears. And improvement in jobs. All of this means there's less need for this man, fed chairman ben ", "And next, the big news tonight out of the  housing market .  Home prices  surging up 9.3%, the biggest jump in seven few days. Reporter: Today's study confirms  home prices  are up, especially in hot markets like phoenix ", "And next, the big news tonight out of the housing market . Home prices surging up 9.3%, the biggest jump in seven years. So is it time to buy? Abc's chief business and economics correspondent rebecca jarvis spent the day talking to the experts. Right now it is a very competitive market. Reporter: Two weeks into the hunt for their first home in san diego, and the robinsons can already see it won't be easy. In just the few homes that we have looked at, they have sold in a few days. Reporter: Today's study confirms home prices are up, especially in hot markets like phoenix, las vegas, los angeles, san francisco, atlanta, and dallas. The problem, a nationwide housing "]