['More signs that the  housing market  is cooling quickly the National Association of Realtors said more than 14%. Below a year ago. As sales have slowed so have  home prices  the median home price dropped to 220000. Dollars in September ', "More signs that the housing market is cooling quickly the National Association of Realtors said sales of existing homes in September dropped for the six month in a row the annual rate of sales was nearly six point two million units more than 14%. Below a year ago. As sales have slowed so have home prices the median home price dropped to 220000. Dollars in September down 2.2 percent. That's the single largest drop in prices on record. ", "and it's the latest sign that the  housing market  remains troubled. Still in the long Robert How Long Will we have to wait for  home prices  to stop dropping or maybe even bounced for awhile. So this graph tells us  home prices  do not always rise and in 116 years ", "four times worse than expected and it's the latest sign that the housing market remains troubled. Still in the long run houses are a good investment. Aren't they are they that question occurred to our Robert -- How Long Will we have to wait for home prices to stop dropping or maybe even bounced back. Well professor Robert Shiller of Yale University has a graph that you do not ", 'breaking news about the  housing market home prices  are on the rise will housing index it shows  home prices  rising in 1920s cities report saying new  home sales  strongest in more statistical. New  home sales  data yesterday was ', "I'm John Mueller in New York. It's a breaking news about the housing market home prices are on the rise will they help stocks bounced back from those big losses yesterday. Here to discuss all the business headlines ", 'good news in the  housing market . The National Because existing  home sales  make up nearly sign that the  housing market  is starting to example overall  home sales  are down nearly and that means  home prices  could drop even ', "For both home sellers and buyers finally some good news in the housing market . The National Association of Realtors reported its sales in February for existing homes were up 3% compared to January. Is these numbers continue more than five million homes will be sold this year alone. Because existing home sales make up nearly 90% of all homes sold across the country. Experts say this could be -- sign that the housing market is starting to stabilize. But don't get too optimistic one month is not make a trend and despite the positive numbers a new report from the realtors association. Still has plenty of bad news for example overall home sales are down nearly 24%. And the median price of existing homes fell more than 8% compared to last year's 495000. There's also a nine and a half month supply of homes for sale. With that many homes on the market it's still a buyer's market in many parts of the country and that means home prices could drop even more. And those lower home prices could explain why home sales increase with this money minute I'm the -- -- ABC news New York. ", "class families holding back. Four years later the  housing market  is  Home sales  and construction are up. Prices are beginning The truth is it's going to take awhile for  housing market  fully recover. But it's gonna take a lot more ", 'recession. And left middle class families holding back. Four years later the housing market is -- Home sales and construction are up. Prices are beginning to rise and more than a million families who began this year or more on ', "about their campaigns. The truth is it's going to take awhile for housing market fully recover. But it's gonna take a lot more time because a lot more hurt if congress keeps standing in the way. ", "less. That we import from other countries are deficits are shrinking rapidly the cost of health care. Is slowing. The  housing market  is rebounding. People's retirement savings are growing. The wealth that was lost from that recession. Has now been ", "deficits are shrinking rapidly the cost of health care. Is slowing. The housing market is rebounding. People's retirement savings are growing. The wealth that was lost from that recession. Has now been recovered. All of this ", "We're producing more of our own energy were consuming less energy and we're importing less from other countries. The  housing market  is coming back the stock market has rebounded. Our deficits. Are shrinking. At the fastest pace in fifty years. People's ", "were consuming less energy and we're importing less from other countries. The housing market is coming back the stock market has rebounded. Our deficits. Are shrinking. At the fastest pace in fifty years. People's retirement savings ", "house not not you he's under that we expect surely And we can we. and that we can't you know within. His father and ride  home prices  actually selected at 800. usually 52 let's meet him in with seventy plus a summit but got captured and no question about ", "-- and that we can't you know within. His father and ride home prices actually selected at 800. -- -- usually 52 let's meet him in with seventy plus a summit but got captured and no ", "it's a terrible number for the  housing market  because it really does give you In Cleveland the last time  home prices  were at this level was 2000 dollars in value that the hard  housing market  has lost in the last five years ", "homebuyers gone. So were prior. It's it's a terrible number for the housing market because it really does give you an accurate reflection now. What housing demand looks like when you're not paying people to buy -- Check out this map of pain in Poughkeepsie New York the average home has lost more than a quarter of its value off the peak. In Riverside California losing a quarter in value is lucky overall values are down almost 52%. In Cleveland the last time home prices were at this level was 2000. It's as if the last decade never happens. Some economists say the era of homes being a sure investment isn't over and -- no -- law that says that. Home prices have to appreciate eighteen months ago the president and build a housing program he said would help three to four million Americans ", "economists say. That these six trillion dollars in value that the hard housing market has lost in the last five years we'll take. Decades to recover in some economists say that is never coming back. ", "we have seen happen to the  housing market  does feel catastrophic and the market in order for a  home prices  to really rise. But if you today is when you tie in  home prices  it's a much better predictor and inflation used to be  home prices  in the rise and fall are ", "the end of the day what we have seen happen to the housing market does feel catastrophic and we've seen and major correction. But this is being decades in the making the process of unwinding. Full ", 'of a slow, but welcome turn around in the  housing market  after years of falling  home prices . Those miracle mortgage rating are help command in the starter market. Reporter:  Home prices  are finally on the rebound. The most drama ', 'american economy. Evidence of a slow, but welcome turn around in the housing market after years of falling home prices . Those miracle mortgage rating are help, but why are so many of them out of reach for americans? Tonight, we ask here, ', 'hope for the struggling  housing market . New numbers show  home prices  rising for the first time country. In thirteen cities  home prices  rose for the first time seven city saw their average  home prices  drop and across the country ', 'Some much needed hope for the struggling housing market . New numbers show home prices rising for the first time in eight months up in thirteen of twenty major cities the big question is this the start ', 'trying to sell. This was a very bad day National Association of Realtors reported the worst month to month drop in existing  home sales . Since they started keeping track in the late nineties compared to last year closings are down more than 25%. So there ', 'Association of Realtors reported the worst month to month drop in existing home sales . Since they started keeping track in the late nineties compared to last year closings are down more than 25%. So there is ', "If you're in the market to buy home this summer you may just be in as  housing market  has become a buyer's market. The government reported Tuesday that sales of new homes in the US dropped one point 6% in May ", "-- home this summer you may just be in -- as -- housing market has become a buyer's market. The government reported Tuesday that sales of new homes in the US dropped one point 6% in ", 'Existing  home sales  were up because housing prices were down. Well we saw today a survey bright spot in this report and we had to look very closely for at  home prices  are up about 2%. In Charlotte, North Carolina rest of us analysts ', 'Existing home sales were up because housing prices were down. Well we saw today a survey of ten major US cities that shows how far ', 'new snapshot  housing market  I cannot just Shiller report  home sales  came out at 9 back. A strong  housing market  what were so and existing  home sales  and all of that and obviously the  housing market  does not the ', "everybody -- -- -- in New York a new snapshot -- -- housing market I cannot just in the past half -- -- -- -- that the -- the business headlines this Tuesday morning a new face for us from our -- Yahoo! finance Aaron task. Host of the daily ticker -- thanks for joining us today. Thanks and then I'll exhaust their with a case Shiller report home sales came out at 9 o'clock and it's showing -- price is in fact were up. In twelve of the twenty cities that ", "a long long way to go to get it back. A strong housing market -- what were so far from that any extra money with housing starts and existing home sales and all of that and obviously the housing market does not -- the strongest industry ever seen right now obviously construction as well. Yes just some of the most recent numbers you just mentioned have been getting better so again there's this improvement around the margin there's a lot of hope that the housing market can start to improve. I think right now the best he can say is that the housing market . Is not a drag on the overall economy. And if things keep getting a little bit better maybe they'll start to add ", "Especially when it comes  housing market . Lenders sold loans because a decline in  home prices  that is no fault of sit and wait for the  housing market  hit bottom I don't will take time for  housing market  recover. We'll ", "from those values over the past decade. Especially when it comes -- housing market . Lenders sold loans to families who couldn't afford them. Banks packaged those mortgages up then traded them for phony profits. It drove ", "ten million homeowners in this country who because -- a decline in home prices that is no fault of their own. Or more on their mortgages than their homes -- -- It's wrong for anyone to suggest the only option for struggling responsible homeowners -- to sit and wait for the housing market hit bottom I don't accept that. -- -- -- -- That's why we launched a plan a couple years ago that's help ", "neighborhood stay vibrant and -- Truth is it will take time for housing market recover. We'll take time for our economy to fully bounced back but there are steps we can take right now to move ", 'market will follow so using the increase in  home sales  may last in the coming months. I think the remember him most He knew your home sells your  home sales  nightmares of their new  home sales  are virtually nonexistent. Most of your  home', 'the rest of the market will follow so using the increase in home sales may last in the coming months. I think the -- first that He got to remember him most He knew your home sells your home sales nightmares of their new home sales are virtually nonexistent. Most of your home sales are coming in via the foreclosure. Or short sell around. Com and if you speak -- any of the services for every ']