["this week showed US  home prices  fell one point 6% in zillow looked at. Plus  home prices  are up 5% from year Super Bowl and in the  housing market  there's pretty open Madison. Average  home prices  went from 2009 to 2010 ", "lots of light. -- Fusion of the Super Bowl and in the housing market there's pretty open to it certainly is Pittsburgh is one of the few markets -- home values are increasing on not just ", 'problems we face as a nation nearly. Everywhere you look there are signs of how tough task this will be in Southern California  home sales  fell 21%. Last month the biggest drop in years. All of this comes as mortgage rates continue to reach record low today ', 'signs of how tough -- task this will be in Southern California home sales fell 21%. Last month the biggest drop in years. All of this comes as mortgage rates continue to reach record low -- ', 'our rebuilding our effort was also involved. Our housing sector. The good news is our  housing market  is finally healing from the collapse of 2000  Home prices  arriving at the fastest pace in six years. Home purchases are up nearly 50%. And construction ', 'effort was also involved. Our housing sector. The good news is our housing market is finally healing from the collapse of 2000 -- Home prices arriving at the fastest pace in six years. Home purchases are up nearly 50%. And construction is expanding again. But even with ', "already really happened. Which was a massively overheated  housing market  and financial industry that was essentially looking to just are higher therefore it's tougher to get loans and now  home prices  have settled down so it's not like there's a lot of hot ", 'confirms what we already really -- happened. Which was a massively overheated housing market and financial industry that was essentially looking to just. You know make loans and sell them to other people by volume and ', 'now next we turn to good news for homeowners evidence the  housing market  is roaring back today we learned existing homes are selling the past three years. Sometimes taking just a few days and  home prices  are rising as buyers search and compete for houses and neighborhoods ', "And now next we turn to good news for homeowners evidence the housing market is roaring back today we learned existing homes are selling at a faster pace. That any time in the past three years. Sometimes -- -- taking just a few days and home prices are rising as buyers search and compete for houses and neighborhoods across the country. So is it time to sell ABC's Steve ", "a new twist on the  housing market  is quite a on a roller spreading and affecting  home prices . Jim Olson thought victim of a hemorrhaging  housing market  and it's only getting factoring in inflation  home prices  will drop 10% nationwide ", "-- latest on this than -- of a new twist on the housing market is quite a -- on a roller -- -- -- the ripple effects continue. We think about places hardest hit by the current housing slowdown -- to -- California and Nevada and Florida come to mind. But now new figures indicate that what was thought to be -- contain real estate bubble is now spreading and affecting home prices . Jim Olson thought selling her Houston area home would be a piece of cake for realtor thought it would only take about a week. It's been several months now win and we just haven't gotten -- good contract and it's been an emotional roller coaster dealing with -- She's now asking less than what she paid for it five years ago. Had -- coming here she is just the latest victim of a hemorrhaging housing market and it's only getting worse. Fueled in part by the mortgage woes of the world's big financial houses for the first time on record the national median price for US homes is expected to drop. The single greatest asset that most Americans alone is their home. They've got a lot of savings locked up into their house and they don't want to see -- decline. Experts forecast that after factoring in inflation home prices will drop 10% nationwide by 2009. And this -- -- -- so does consumer confidence. A lot of homeowners are to -- ", "No rebound yet in the  housing market  the National Association of Realtors reports that sales of pre down payment. But that was not the case during the high flying  home sales  market a few years ago. However the realtors groups say they're ", 'No rebound yet in the housing market the National Association of Realtors reports that sales of pre owned homes dropped more than 17%. In April. Compared to the same ', "largest cities we saw a drop in  home prices  you're every year close to really what we're seeing here is  home prices  continued drop in places like continues to be bad news for the  housing market  at the same time we did see an ", "or in some of the largest cities we saw a drop in home prices you're every year close to 17% which is the largest on record. And really what we're seeing here is home prices continued drop in places like Phoenix and Las Vegas we -- prices often more than 30%. And so this continues to be bad news for the housing market at the same time we did see an increase in sales for new homes and existing homes. Largely because the homes are ", '64,000 to $80,000. A significant jump. Washington raised the debt ceiling at least temporarily.  Home sales  are up,  home prices  up 5.5% from a year ago. The economy is still growing at a relatively slow pace. The monthly jobs report ', '$80,000. A significant jump. Washington raised the debt ceiling at least temporarily. Home sales are up, home prices up 5.5% from a year ago. The economy is still growing at a relatively slow pace. The monthly jobs report due out ', "expected things to be this bad. We saw declining 8% existing  home sales  of course that's lower than most people expected and of now is what's gonna happen today. We're gonna get new  home sales  out. And the concern is that this is across the nation a ", "expected things to be this bad. We saw declining 8% -- existing home sales of course that's lower than most people expected and of course the worry now is what's gonna happen today. We're gonna get new home sales out. And the concern is that this is across the nation a problem the only keeping the people are saying is a ", 'report showing some positive gains for housing. But the National Association of Realtors says its forward looking pending  home sales  report is looking up. The report measures the number of contracts signed on pre owned homes before the closing Experts say ', 'housing. But the National Association of Realtors says its forward looking pending home sales report is looking up. The report measures the number of contracts signed on pre owned homes before the closing -- Experts say ', 'homebuyers a big surge in sales existing  home sales . Jumped eight point 8% in February making this the best winter for the  housing market . In five years and experts say Those existing homes 90% of all  home sales  are brand new ones but the ones ', "hopeful news for homeowners and homebuyers a big surge in sales existing home sales . Jumped eight point 8% in February after a very strong January making this the best winter for the housing market . In five years and experts say the sale of just one house can have a big ripple effect is NBC's David here ", "the confidence to go out and -- And what truly drives the housing market . Those existing homes 90% of all home sales are brand new ones but the ones already there in your neighborhood. And who's driving the best winter sales and five years ", "don't expect quick turnaround in  home prices  or sales. The National Association of Realtors says its pending  home sales  index for November fell by 4 focus more attention on falling  home prices . The realtors want home buying ", "worst housing recession in decades and experts don't expect quick turnaround in home prices or sales. The National Association of Realtors says its pending home sales index for November fell by 4%. To -- lowest level since 2001. Builders were harvested in the northeast where signed housing contracts ", 'for investors is that S&P case Shiller October index of  home prices  we were just discussing what this report tell us. Well we positive news and does that give us an indication. What the  housing market  is going to look like next year in 2010. Well you know we ', "that's positive news and does that give us an indication. What the housing market is going to look like next year in 2010. Well you know we talk with a bunch of people Bob -- I ", 'The latest picture of the  housing market  leaves and mixed signals for real estate investors while sales of new homes surged in April by the biggest amount in fourteen years ', 'The latest picture of the housing market leaves and mixed signals for real estate investors while sales of new homes surged in April by the biggest amount in fourteen ', 'good and bad news going forward for  home sales  first and an 8000 dollar tax credit abundance of supply which could lower  home sale  prices. On the flip side however mortgage talked about the seasonal effect on the  housing market  but how but on unemployment because ', '-- -- -- now we talked about the seasonal effect on the housing market but how but on unemployment because. Especially in those vacation areas -- This tends to be more people looking for at least ', "home building and  home sales  and mainly  home prices . As Gordon and in have for example  home prices  fell by 10% more many caveats. The  home prices  should be critical if you don't the  housing market  back in have a wave ", "week. But those economic Green shoots he's been counting on. Monday new home sales jump the biggest monthly increase in eight years to stay home prices they're first increase in three years. Wednesday a surprising step up and manufacturing activity. Thursday new jobless claims fall to their lowest ", "That's. I think it has but her problems and home building and home sales and mainly home prices . As -- Gordon and in -- the way I would find it. Is that unless who prices stabilized within. -- and maybe 5% down from here. With and run some some of the case -- show that they probably have stabilized little they have stabilized. Temporarily. And the problem with the data on home prices . Have very difficult to measure and regional data. It is possible I don't think it's gonna happen but I do think it ", "by 13%. Last year. That's the biggest annual drop in  home sales  in a quarter century. But that's not the worst news prices by one point 8%. The first time that the national average  home prices  dropped over a full year since the Great Depression. While ", "homes fell by 13%. Last year. That's the biggest annual drop in home sales in a quarter century. But that's not the worst news prices for homes sold last year drop by one point 8%. The first time that the national average home prices dropped over a full year since the Great Depression. While the realtors association is expecting residential real estate to recover this year "]