["told you that new  home sales  were down tonight slow season for  home sales  but this is more issue the rush of  home sales  we saw late last was. Worst the  housing market  has recovered interest rates and  home prices  it's a really ", "housing industry may be stalling. On Wednesday we told you that new home sales were down -- tonight sales of existing homes fell seven point 2% in January. The second monthly drop in a row and Betsy Stark is here to tell us what's behind -- -- The plan any realtor will tell you winters a slow season for home sales but this is more than a winter lull there are two other explanations for this stall out. First issue the rush of home sales we saw late last year. Remember that 8000 dollar tax credit the government was offering to first time home buyers it was supposed to run out in November. That drove many people to -- before the deadline stealing some future sales from both December and January. The other issue the terrible weather record snowfalls in January kept many homebuyers in sales dropped most in the northeast where the weather was. Worst the housing market has recovered from the exceedingly low levels that we saw hit during their worst of the recession that -- We're still not ", "Than it is right now with a combination of interest rates and home prices it's a really good time. Really good time to be -- Fire tougher time to be a seller the question for the housing market overall though is what happens after April when those tax credits go away. -- the economy be strong enough will there be ", "told you that new  home sales  were down tonight slow season for  home sales  but this is more issue the rush of  home sales  we saw late last weather was. Worst  housing market  has recovered interest rates and  home prices  it's a really ", "housing industry may be stalling. On Wednesday we told you that new home sales were down -- tonight sales of existing homes fell seven point 2% in January. The second monthly drop in a row and Betsy Stark is here to tell us what's behind affecting. The plan any realtor will tell you winters a slow season for home sales but this is more than a winter lull there are two other explanations for this stall out. First issue the rush of home sales we saw late last year. Remember that 8000 dollar tax credit the government was offering to first time home buyers it was supposed to run out in November. That drove many people to -- before the deadline stealing some future sales from both December and January. The other issue the terrible weather record snowfalls in January kept many homebuyers in sales dropped most in the northeast where the weather was. Worst housing market has recovered from the exceedingly low levels that we saw hit during their worst of the recession that -- We're still not ", "Than it is right now with a combination of interest rates and home prices it's a really good time. Really good time to be -- Higher tougher time to be a seller the question for the housing market overall though is what happens after April when those tax credits go away. Will the economy be strong enough will there be ", "good news in the  housing market  this morning some interest rates. That  home prices  falling and in terms and buy homes. And  home prices  and home back  home sales  activity has actually you're seeing home  home sales  go up at a far greater ", 'We have got some good news in the housing market this morning -- some new numbers released by the National Association of Realtors housing sales went up about five point 6%. In ', 'Department in the new  home sales  what are we expecting stabilization of  home prices  but we saw an drop in existing  home sales  yesterday and drop. In new  home sales  today that the look good. The  housing market  sinks we could ', "the lookout for a report from the Commerce Department in the new home sales what are we expecting here. It's really all about housing this week you know it's it's very important for the economy and we thought we saw our we -- Think we have seen a stabilization of home prices but we saw an unexpected drop in existing home sales yesterday and we're looking to see huge drop. In new home sales today that the problem is it was -- double dip in housing. It could mean a double -- the rest of the economy the key factors in housing -- course our labor in the labor market doesn't look good. The housing market sinks we could see a softening of the recovery and even and even a dip down to another recession a lot of ", "or tighten up as the  housing market  decent confusing numbers mortgages and others as  home prices  are leveling out so to say yet that the  housing market  is on its way back later with some new  home sales  and I would it's ", "are low but. Simon the topic catalog or tighten up as the housing market decent confusing numbers I think out of that would report shows. Fourth at a country underwater on their mortgages and others as home prices are leveling out so what's going on what's your read. Wealthy of the houses that houses being on the war sold mortgage ", "glimmer of hope. Say you're not willing to say yet that the housing market is on its way back up Simon. I do what I wish I wish I could I wish I could but I think it will be a -- faced -- so. -- K let's bring in their face like -- Anything else should keep an eye on today Tom well we have on the oil inventories. In the coming out later with some new home sales and I would it's everyone's given on the price of gold on the exciting and new -- -- today up at around ", "Josh the coming up at the best day in three weeks rising 111 points Tuesday. And headlines explained this new record first  home prices  they're skyrocketing. Rising at the fastest pace in more than six years since the housing bubble popped that's great ", "rising 111 points Tuesday. And -- headlines explained this new record first home prices they're skyrocketing. Rising at the fastest pace in more than six years since the housing bubble popped that's great for selling a ", 'The continuing drop in  home prices  is distressing not just for homeowners latest case Shiller report shows that  home prices  have declined by sixteen point 6 the overall economy down. With  home prices  falling so significantly during ', "The continuing drop in home prices is distressing not just for homeowners but for the overall economy. The latest case Shiller report shows that home prices have declined by sixteen point 6% nationwide. During the July to September period that's the worst quarterly result in the history of the report. Economists say this housing price depression is the anchor it's -- the overall economy down. With home prices falling so significantly during the past year consumers are cutting back. Most average Americans have most of their wealth tied up in their homes so when the value of that investment falls they feel poor. Consumers are delaying big ticket purchases like cars and pinching pennies planning fuel and less expensive -- the holidays. Today's case Shiller report also gives details on home prices in specific big cities. The biggest -- price drops came in the Sunbelt. Phoenix and Las Vegas seeing the average home value ", 'Home prices  fell last year by a record rate of eighteen point 2%. According to the case Shiller home price index current  home prices  nationwide are now back to values last seen in 2003. The survey shows prices falling steepest in the Sunbelt ', 'Home prices fell last year by a record rate of eighteen point 2%. According to the case Shiller home price index current home prices nationwide are now back to values last seen in 2003. The survey shows prices falling steepest in the Sunbelt. Homeowners in Phoenix ', "nation's twenty largest cities have seen  home prices  drop. By seven point 7% in the past price hit list San Diego and Las Vegas  home prices  have dropped more than 13%. In both job losses in its manufacturing sector  home prices  dropped 13%. As well. Just three ", "Standard and Poor's shows that the nation's twenty largest cities have seen home prices drop. By seven point 7% in the past year. That's the biggest annual drop during the current housing slump. The report's authors ", 'Also topping the housing price hit list San Diego and Las Vegas home prices have dropped more than 13%. In both of those cities. Detroit Michigan facing big job losses in its manufacturing sector -- home prices dropped 13%. As well. Just three cities have seen prices go up -- -- year. Charlotte, North Carolina Portland Oregon and Seattle ', 'Our series hitting home  home prices  hit a 21 year low price of a single family home falling a whopping 11%. In just the last year and new numbers show the economy ', 'Our series hitting home home prices hit a 21 year low -- -- price of a single family home falling a whopping 11%. In just the last year ', "desperate times. It's not your typical  home sale  starting this weekend Florida's biggest behind it is to energize the market  housing market  that has been stagnant for more than builder is offering another novel twist on  home sales . By one point six million dollar home ", "off. Call it desperate measures for desperate times. It's not your typical home sale starting this weekend Florida's biggest realtor is offering more than 600 homes at cut rate prices. For a limited time only the great idea behind it is to energize the market housing market that has been stagnant for more than a year we put in the appliances. You know the pantry. We changed all of ", "the nation's  housing market  took a bit of the nation's  housing market  today the National And existing  home sales  and the numbers once red hot  housing market  that is now gone actually seen  home prices  fall. A sure ", "themselves. Fighter jets escorted the plane back to Amsterdam. And the nation's housing market took a bit of a tumble in July the latest data from realtors shows that sales dropped significantly from a year ago. ", "personal or professional stumble. But first we're gonna turn to the nation's housing market today the National Association of Realtors released its monthly report. And existing home sales and the numbers are certain to grab the attention of anyone who owns a home or is looking to buy one. Because sales are off more than 11%. From last year. ABC's Nancy Weiner has a look at the once red hot housing market that is now gone cold. A country price reduced signs are popping up on lawns like -- alliance. The once red hot housing market cooling in dramatic fashion. The latest report from the National Association of Realtors shows that sales of three owned homes. Fell to ", 'economic conditions is causing this or is -- the fact that the housing market was just so hot I mean we read. And talk on on this broadcast often about that people were flipping homes they ', 'starting here. New  home sales  rose a bit last month for months to come.  Home prices  continued to drop in forward while the ticket  home sales  reported today sounds sign of the healthy  housing market  I would suspect the ', '-- at least seeing buyers take a step forward while the ticket home sales reported today sounds promising economists say as many as 40% of recent sales have been on properties in foreclosure. Not a sign of the healthy housing market I would suspect the national turnaround in housing is not until the spring of 2009. And while there may be some great ', 'crash. And here in the United States the  housing market  to an unexpected plunge last month. A years with lower interest rates and cheaper  home prices  experts had predicted a rise in  home sales . And one person will be charged with the ', "the cause of that crash. And here in the United States the housing market to an unexpected plunge last month. A real estate group says sales of existing homes fell more than 5%. From December to January reaching the lowest level in twelve years with lower interest rates and cheaper home prices experts had predicted a rise in home sales . And one person will be charged with the help in the Obama's administration. -- the economy will be the president's secretary of ", 'disaster sales. Signs  home sales  rise for the second important measures of the  housing market  came out today showing expected and came as  home prices  continued to tumble shift in the American  housing market  that involves what ', "those people that died. One of the most important measures of the housing market came out today showing sales of existing homes were up. 2.4 percent in May that's the second straight month of gains but still it was lower than expected and came as home prices continued to tumble. We're gonna take a closer look tonight at what really is a fundamental shift in the American housing market that involves what people are buying. Here's Bill -- Not too long ago but this how can enjoy high ratings. One of ", "help prop up the nation's major banks.  Home prices  in this country are at their lowest level that's actually attracting buyers to the  housing market . The government says new  home sales  were up more than two and a half percent ", "A 125 billion dollars to help prop up the nation's major banks. Home prices in this country are at their lowest level in four years and that's actually attracting buyers to the housing market . The government says new home sales were up more than two and a half percent from August to September. However sales of new homes are still down 13. ", 'which is having the opposite effect on  home prices  they keep calling. The National Association earlier to just over 200000. Dollars.  Home sales  dropped in the south and northeast but California Nevada and Arizona. And with the  housing market  still in free fall. The outlook for ', 'foreclosed homes continue to rise which is having the opposite effect on home prices they keep calling. The National Association of Realtors reports that 35 to 40% of homes sold between July and September. Had been in foreclosure or were sold just prior to the foreclosure process starting. As a result the median price for existing homes fell 9% from a year earlier to just over 200000. Dollars. Home sales dropped in the south and northeast but soared in the west because of the glut of foreclosed properties in states like California Nevada and Arizona. And with the housing market still in free fall. The outlook for homebuilders remains bleak. A recent survey by the national association of homebuilders found confidence dropped ', 'expect disfigured just keep increasing. I do not  home prices  have at  home .  Sales  have Begin terrorized. In a number of markets least 23 more years so that we can stabilize the  housing market . Confidence is what is needed and I think that ', "2008 do you expect disfigured -- just keep increasing. I do not home prices have at home . Sales have Begin terrorized. In a number of markets. Already Jackie and while Spencer is correct them home. Interest rates on the lowest they've been in many years we need bills interest rates to be sustainable. For at least 23 -- more years so that we can stabilize the housing market . Confidence is what is needed and I think that out. That what happened was interest rates even if foreclosures rise. ", 'foreclosures that means the  housing market  is headed for more bearish view on the  housing market  not everyone agrees Index of twenty of the  home prices  in twenty cities actually live. people on the  housing market  have reason to celebrate ', "Are almost 50%. That means a lot of foreclosures that means the housing market is headed for more obviously dark days. And of course it is the bullish outside of bearish view on the housing market not everyone agrees that we're headed in that direction and a lot figures they were getting. A point to something else threat because it's not all bad news I understand and the housing sector is it's not all bad news hey if we all knew which way it was gonna go trading would be a lot different we got some. Good news out again today S&P Case Shiller Index of twenty of the home prices in twenty cities actually rose for the fourth straight month. In a row so sequential gains as far as home prizes for the last four months you're still looking at a year over year decline. Other that 10% so I don't expect to -- does housing numbers if you're looking at your shopping for a home. More expensive. But we do see kind of a leveling out you don't see the kind of freefall drop they had seen before so. Some people live. -- people on the housing market have reason to celebrate today. Now a few weeks ago Matt investors are pretty excited about the growth of the nation's economy "]