['Kevin Baillie, co-founder of a visual effects company that works on major motion pictures, had never been in a car like his new Tesla Model S electric sedan, but somehow it looked familiar."When I got into my car, I thought, \'Wait a minute, this looks like something from the movie I just worked on,\'" said Baillie. "It\'s like Star Trek."The ringing endorsement of car enthusiasts like Baillie has given Tesla Motors Inc a much needed stamp of approval in a "green" car industry that has seen high-profile failures and struggles over the last year.The Model S is ten-year-old Tesla\'s first attempt to reach a mainstream audience for electric cars. Sales of the five-passenger sedan have outpaced expectations since its launch last year, and on Thursday, Consumer Reports magazine awarded it with a near-perfect rating.The review coupled with Tesla\'s first-ever quarterly profit boosted the company\'s shares 36 percent to an all-time high of $75.77 - more than quadruple its 2010 initial public offeri...', 'Panasonic Corp. is investing $30 million in Tesla Motors Inc., the U.S. maker of electric sports cars, eyeing expansion in the global market for green vehicles, both...', 'It may not save the planet, but buying this electric car could do some good on the other side of it.George Clooney is auctioning his Tesla Roadster sports car and gi...', 'Electric car start-up Tesla Motors Inc unveiled its newest, cheapest vehicle on Thursday, a four-door sedan that can carry five adults and could travel up to 300 mil...', 'The company that built the first mass-produced, all-electric car will keep its manufacturing plant in California, thanks to a new tax break.Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegge...', 'Electric cars are known for being quiet. Too quiet for some. When the subject comes up among gearheads there is always a lot of griping and groaning about how they c...', "Taking a cue from house-call services like Best Buy's Geek Squad, electric carmaker Tesla Motors is launching a maintenance plan where mechanics travel to owners' ho...", 'California Driver Still a Believer in Nissan Leaf Electric Car  After Two Months on the Road', 'Rarely has picking up a new car been a media event. But when 31-year-old Olivier Chalouhi of Redwood City, Calif., took delivery of a black hatchback on Dec. 11, it ...', 'When Tesla Motors Inc. began taking orders last year for its all-electric sports car, celebrities lined up to purchase the sleek zero-emission vehicle with the six-d...', 'Volvo has always had an alternative image in the United States market, catering to a certain segment of the upper middle class and above that is attracted to its onc...', "There are barely 10,000 Tesla Model S electric cars on the roads, and its Model X crossover won't arrive for more than a year.Still, at yesterday's Tesla Motors annu...", 'Tesla Motors Inc reported its first-ever profit that trounced Wall Street estimates on Wednesday and forecast global demand for its Model S electric car could surpas...', 'Cars With Superior Gas MileageCar technology has come a long way. In the fight to decrease dependency on oil and avoid high gas prices, more electric-powered cars ar...', 'When it goes on sale in late 2011, the battery-powered Mitsubishi i-MiEV will be entering an increasingly crowded segment of electric cars. The Nissan Leaf, Ford Foc...', 'By Sarah McBrideFREMONT, California (Reuters) - Electric carmaker Tesla Motors <TSLA.O> threw open its factory doors to customers who have preordered its forthcoming...']