['\t\t\t\t\t\tBy ALEX MARQUARDT in Libya,  JEFFREY KOFMAN (@JeffreyKofman)  in Tunisia, MIGUEL MARQUEZ in Malta and HUMA KHAN ', ' Libyan strongman Moamar Gadhafi blew kisses to a crowd of supporters in Tripoli today after his troops fired on demonstrators who had been chanting that Gadhafi must go.', 'The dictator appeared in Green Square, the city center, to proclaim, "I am here."', 'Although the past week has seen several bloody battles that have left anywhere from 300 to 1,000 dead, Gadhafi extorted the youth in the crowd, "Dance, sing, live your lives.  Dance!  Dance and Sing!   Be happy!   Ghadafi is here among his people."', 'Earlier, however, gunfire crackled through neighborhoods in the capital as marchers streamed out of Friday mosques services chanting anti-Gadhafi slogans.', '"There are all kind of bullets," said one protester near the Souq al-Jomaa, screaming in a telephone call to The Associated Press, with the rattle of shots audible in the background.', '"The situation is chaotic in parts of Tripoli now," said another witness, who was among marchers in adjacent Algeria Square and said he saw militiamen firing in the air. Armed Gadhafi supporters were also speeding through some streets in vehicles, he said.', "Gadhafi was concentrated troops in and around Tripoli intent on preventing his opponents from massing and for supporters from the liberated part of the country converging on the capital. Armed young men with green armbands to show their support of Gadhafi set up checkpoints on many streets, stopping cars and searching them, the Associated Press reported.Security cordons were set up at mosques and tanks and checkpoints lined the road to Tripoli's airport.", "Despite Gadhafi's determination to hang on to power, more of his regime crumbled today. In Geneva, Libya's entire U.N. mission publicly resigned and the U.N.'s Human Rights Council gave the Libyans a standing ovation.", 'The Human Rights Council will convene a special session today to investigate reports of mass killings during the Libyan protests.', '"The crackdown in Libya of peaceful demonstrations is escalating alarmingly with reported mass killings, arbitrary arrests, detention and torture of protestors," U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said.', 'The violence prompted  White House to announce sanctions on Libya, although spokesman Jay Carney did not immediately detail what those sanctions would be. Carney said the Obama administration is working with European countries to impose additional sanctions on the Gadhafi regime.', "More videos emerged of Gadhafi's forces firing on protesters from helicopter gunships and a fighter jet dropping bombs.", 'The situation was vastly different in the eastern half of Libya, which has mostly been taken over by opposition forces. Jubilant protesters told ABC News they will continue to fight, and there were huge turnouts for Friday prayers throughout the eastern part of the country.', '"The end has come," one Libyan, who was in the middle of huge post-Friday prayer celebrations in what\'s called "Revolution Square" near Tobruk, told ABC News.', 'Human rights groups put the death toll at 300. Witnesses said the number of the dead could be as high as a 1,000.', '"He killed our brothers," a protester told ABC News. "He killed our families. He arrested our people."', 'Across Libya, support for Gadhafi has quickly dissipated with officials from his inner circle defecting, including one of his closest aides, his own cousin.', "Gadhafi Compares Himself to Queen ElizabethLibya: Hostage Negotiation for WHObama Condemns Violence in LibyaGadhafi: 'I Will Die as a Martyr' Crisis in Libya: Gadhafi Loses ControlLibyan Ripple Effect: Oil Prices Spike"]