["Prime Minister Shinzo Abe places a red paper rose on a LDP candidate's name to indicate an election victory on Sunday.", "Tokyo (CNN) -- Prime Minister Shinzo Abe pledged to move forward swiftly with his plans to revive Japan's staggering economy after weekend elections gave his Liberal Democratic Party control of the upper house of parliament.", 'The conservative LDP and its coalition partner together won 76 of the 121 seats in the House of Councillors, giving them a total of 133 votes in the 242-member chamber. Afterward, Abe said he wanted to press ahead with his plans -- including his economic programs -- "with speed."', '"I would like to meet the expectation of the Japanese people," Abe said after Sunday\'s vote. "Since the inauguration of my administration, we have been appealing that our policies are the only way to go. We believe that the Japanese people pushed us to make policy decisions and bring about the result."', "The LDP controls the lower house of the Diet, Japan's parliament. But until Sunday, the House of Councillors was led by opposition parties that had made it difficult for Abe to get his program through the chamber.", 'Abe took office in December, becoming Japan\'s seventh prime minister in six years and taking a second turn at the job. He immediately launched a program nicknamed "Abenomics," a combination of coordinated government spending, structural reforms and central bank stimulus.', "The plan was to boost prices and end 15 years of deflation, leading to more robust growth for the world's third-largest economy. And Japan's economy surged in the first quarter of 2013, growing a faster-than-expected 3.5% -- but a stock-market skid in June raised questions about whether policymakers can pull off the high-wire act in the heavily indebted country.", "CNN's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo; Matt Smith reported and wrote from Atlanta.", 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Incredible video shows the moment that a train derails as it hurtles around a curve in Spain,, killing dozens and injuring more than 100.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'The woman at the center of the scandal, a 23-year-old passionate about politics, once looked up to Anthony Weiner, her friend says.', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', "Pope Francis barnstorms Brazil focusing on the poor. CNN's Miguel Marquez reports.", "Dubai's Burj Khalifa has less than a year left as the world's tallest building, as China begins work on the projected 838-meter (2,749 feet) Sky City.", '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well.", 'A surprise inspection by the Centers for Disease Control has resulted in a failing grade for one of the plushest cruise ships afloat.', 'The number of dive sites inspiring that one-in-a-lifetime thrill is shrinking, but this protected island in Malaysia is a dream come true. ', '"Doctor Who" premiered in 1963. It has since aired 33 seasons, nearly 800 episodes and 11 actors portraying the Doctor over time. ']