['(CNN) -- As lifeguards approached to pull a drowning Brazilian teenager from the water, she suffered a second, fatal misfortune -- a shark attack.', "Bruni Gobbi, 18, and a cousin were on the verge of drowning at Boa Viagem beach in the northeastern Brazil city of Recife on Monday, according to the local government's social defense secretariat.", "Lifeguards responded immediately to try to save them, and in the midst of the rescue, a shark attacked Gobbi's left leg, the secretariat said.", 'Rescuers managed to move her to shore, and then to a hospital, but she died later that night, CNN affiliate Globo TV reported.', '"The rescuers came in a matter of five minutes, but to us it felt like five years," Gobbi\'s cousin, Daniele Gobbi, told Globo TV.', 'Bruna Gobbi became the first woman to die from a shark attack in the coastal state of Pernambuco since record-keeping began in 1992, O Globo reported.', '"We knew there were risks of an attack, but I didn\'t think that it would happen in the shallow (water), but in the deep," the cousin said.', "Sharks have attacked 57 people off of Recife's coast since 1992, according to state data. Of those, 40% of the attacks happened at Boa Viagem beach.", '"We speculate, based on the season and the conditions, that it was a bull shark," Rosangela Lessa, president of the agency that monitors shark attacks, told Globo TV.', "The local government's security cameras captured the attack and rescue on video.", "A lifeguard's Jet Ski-type craft can be seen approaching the stranded swimmers when a sudden flurry of movement creates a splash around Gobbi, followed by a pool of red around her.", 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Incredible video shows the moment that a train derails as it hurtles around a curve in Spain,, killing dozens and injuring more than 100.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'The woman at the center of the scandal, a 23-year-old passionate about politics, once looked up to Anthony Weiner, her friend says.', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', "Pope Francis barnstorms Brazil focusing on the poor. CNN's Miguel Marquez reports.", "Dubai's Burj Khalifa has less than a year left as the world's tallest building, as China begins work on the projected 838-meter (2,749 feet) Sky City.", '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well.", 'A surprise inspection by the Centers for Disease Control has resulted in a failing grade for one of the plushest cruise ships afloat.', 'The number of dive sites inspiring that one-in-a-lifetime thrill is shrinking, but this protected island in Malaysia is a dream come true. ', '"Doctor Who" premiered in 1963. It has since aired 33 seasons, nearly 800 episodes and 11 actors portraying the Doctor over time. ']