["today's clashes in  Cairo . With the deposed in. Nationwide  protests  today that you the light Peace  protesters . On both sides About these  protests . The the beginning a live picture  Egypt  there were clashes in the downtown  Cairo . It is good that state TV building  Egypt  has. A state those shots of  tahrir square  at that time there actual size of the  protests  and know that ", "if you are just joining us you're looking at a live picture Egypt there were clashes have started to intensify just two days after president Mohamed Morrissey has been. This to post a by the ", "it really only gave it to them that come in the downtown Cairo . It is good that their voices that would. They cannot -- that way but it's not clear where we understand they're -- you. -- state TV building Egypt has. A state run media. This week it -- the military would be getting takeover -- that over the TV station. Though it it's -- very. Not that he would not that deep in the area at -- very symbolic area as well. This scene looks so much different than what we saw on Wednesday when the president was deposed by the military. What we saw those so those shots of tahrir square at that time there was a lot of fireworks going on Imus that hundreds of thousands of people had been packing the ", "the second. Clinton doesn't most of  Egypt 's first air presidential election pitted inflame the already sky high tension. So  protesters  are taking care of their own security its power. Alex mark Martin ABC news  Cairo .", "second -- here -- the second. Clinton doesn't -- -- most of Egypt's first air presidential election pitted the military's candidate. Against the long outlawed Muslim Brotherhood candidate was widely projected to of one. But ", "Dramatic showdown between  Egypt 's military and the taken to the streets in  Cairo  in dueling  protests . But is this of people covering the crisis in  Egypt  Alex. it's a tale watching events in  Cairo  closely  Egypt  is one Feeling the momentum the  protesters  came out again the Alex mark court in  Cairo . And now we turn to Well you there in  tahrir square . As democracy took ", "Dramatic showdown between Egypt's military and the ousted president. Once again millions of citizens of taken to the streets in Cairo in dueling protests . But is this of people still. Or one strong armed by the military tonight President Obama met with his national security team as a key American ally stands on the brink of civil war. ABC's out Smart port is covering the crisis in Egypt Alex. -- it's a tale of two cities here in Cairo tonight as we wait to see who makes the next move. President Morrissey was ousted by the Egyptian military a spokesman now tells us he's been arrested. That -- hundreds of thousands of egyptians celebrated his removal from power. Fireworks and jubilation erupted in top -- -- square tonight at the military announced it dissolved Egypt's constitution. And deposed president -- more -- after just one year in office what -- that. In his speech to the nation ", "of these same egyptians were fighting to oust another president since then Egypt -- Becomes so deeply polarized. Over worries that -- civil war could -- the country apart. -- Morrissey made a lot of mistakes and I think a lot of the decisions that he made over his first year in office did give people real reason to question. His intentions with respect to democracy. And the -- hundreds ability to play a democratic game. The United States is watching events in Cairo closely Egypt is one of the US's closest allies in the Middle East. One of the largest recipient of American dollars in foreign aid. Just four days ago on the first anniversary of president more c.'s election demonstrators gathered across the country. -- for more -- stepped down and for new elections to be held according to the military these demonstrations turned into the largest protest in Egyptian history. Millions demonstrating across the country. And I think the methods still has been Egypt Mohamed -- the -- You know would come here it is kids. They don't want any lives and I'm not convinced then and I'm Ed -- and on the streets and in -- it's. Feeling the momentum the protesters came out again the next day hoping the military would take their side the crowds were so big. Anger so strong. The military gave more CO 48 hour deadline to answer the people's demands when helicopters showed up over the rallying -- -- -- square. Crowd erupted in cheers. How do you feel about the army now issuing this ultimatum. We'll have a happy extending. It's one of testing that has happened in Egypt have been looking forward to it for almost a year army -- on your -- -- yes I don't need aren't. Even that the police academy that old -- with us. And it's a great support all egyptians. You'd like to see the army take over from the president as we don't. If you please eat that he is so -- and you can't -- that. But he's not eating tiny even speaking -- and listen I didn't do not like Egypt -- -- teaching. Since -- he was elected a year ago these egyptians -- their lives have only gotten worse orders doctors ", "so even as celebrations continue late in tonight on top -- square. Egypt is bracing itself for more bloody violence. -- -- Our thanks to Alex mark court in Cairo . And now we turn to ABC's global affairs anchor Christiane on the court and he joins me now with some valuable context thanks so much for being good to be. Well you -- there in -- tahrir square . As democracy took shape and it's an emotional historic moment and get you can't wants. The events of the last few days and not wonder is democracy failing in the Middle East you know. Egypt is the bedrock of the Middle East what happens in Egypt is likely to happen around that region so everybody is closely watching and of course is -- massively important US ally. It ", 'potential civil war in  egypt  today. Seven people violent anti-government  protests . All of the one year Alex marquardt is in  egypt  with the latest. Reporter: Good morning.  Cairo  is bracing for massive and likely violent  protests  against the president. These  protesters  on  tahrir square , are loudly calling ', "And a new showdown, and a potential civil war in egypt today. Seven people, including an american college student have been killed in violent anti-government protests . All of the one year anniversary of the president's inauguration. This could boil over. Alex marquardt is in egypt with the latest. Reporter: Good morning. Cairo is bracing for massive and likely violent protests against the president. These protesters on tahrir square , are loudly calling for a second revolution. Even before the main protest began, there have been two day was violent clashes that ", 'closed today. President morsi moved his family for safety, many afraid that egypt is on the cusp of civil war. ', 'And in  egypt  this evening, perhaps spring there. Giant  protests  unfolding with several people on the streets of  cairo  now, marking the one-year and he was there in  egypt  to teach english to alex marquardt is in  tahrir square . Reporter: Wave after now these very same  protesters  are trying to spark marquardt, abc news,  cairo .', "And in egypt this evening, perhaps the most arresting images since the arab spring there. Giant protests unfolding with several million people on the streets of cairo now, marking the one-year anniversary of their president's inauguration. But now, they're demanding he resign. The resistance building and turning violent. As rereported last night here, an american college student among those killed. He was a bystander and he was there in egypt to teach english to children. Abc's alex marquardt is in tahrir square . Reporter: Wave after wave they came, marching straight towards the palace of mohamed morsi. This protest is unbelievable. This stretches back as far as the eye can see. These are scenes reminiscent of the revolution 2 1/2 years ago. And now these very same protesters are trying to spark a second revolution. He's not even trying. He is doing everything for his muslim brotherhood group. Reporter: Nearby, ", 'move here in pursuit of peace. Tonight, that peace is illusive and egypt is more divided than ever. Alex marquardt, abc news, cairo . ', "put up with continued  protests  vowing. There will we're finding the  protesters  resolved growing. Capital  Cairo  do you agree that the fill them realize.  Egypt 's second largest city you're ready for the  protests . Whether it's. Gonna seeing it also closer to  Cairo  on that road from  Cairo", "vice president Omar Suleyman declaring -- quote can't put up with continued protests vowing. There will be no Indian -- regime. Last night many came when word spread recently released Google executive while -- -- neem an emerging -- He electrified when. As long as you're standing here He said you always zero you -- all human. Everywhere we go we're finding the protesters resolved growing. Capital Cairo do you agree that the people here are heroes just brought everything to -- fill them realize. Egypt's second largest city. Alexandra how many how many people you're ready for the protests . Whether it's. Gonna want to. How long. Didn't usually -- -- The long. Protest leaders again accusing the government took. Violence intimidation ", "developments in  egypt . Fears of more byron pitts is in  cairo , where there are calls for more  protests  today. A lot of lara. We're by  tahrir square , where the crowd a new reality in  egypt . Look closely to to the ticketer.  Tahrir square  has the look and ", "fast-breaking developments in egypt . Fears of more violence, after the country's first democratically-elected president is reportedly in military custody. Abc's byron pitts is in cairo , where there are calls for more protests today. A lot of uncertainty there. Byron? Reporter: Good morning, lara. We're by tahrir square , where the crowd is getting larger and louder than normal today. They expect more violence, especially today, on what the locals call the day of rejection. Fortifying their strongholds, the muslim brotherhood has made clear they're not ready to go home or give in, to what is a new reality in egypt . Look closely to the left of your screen. Members of the brotherhood charge a lone egyptian soldier. They swarm like bees. Another soldier tries to intervene. And he, too, was tackled to the ground. Morsi is -- Reporter: If anger is the language of the defeat. Raucous raw jubilation goes to the ticketer. Tahrir square has the look and feel of times square on new year's eve. Millions believing this is another new step on the journey towards democracy in egypt . Interim president adly mansour. He was hand picked by the military. He called the muslim brotherhood, part of the fabric of an ", 'Has descended on  Cairo Egypt  locking down of anti government  protesters  the army. Will deliver the reaction from  tahrir square  where millions have elected leader of  Egypt  and so.  Egypt  and and United States reaction from those in  tahrir square  but. What is the and remember that  Egypt  is in new democracy be and allow these  protests . Will they be violent ', "hour warning has expired and now the Egyptian military. Has descended on Cairo Egypt locking down president Mohamed more seat taking back control of the country. In the name of anti government protesters the army. Will deliver unofficial roadmap forward any moment now and that is what we are -- right there. Let's listen -- ", "-- is hopeful and representative of old. Qualities not in the city Egypt's armed forces at the -- -- people with old it's expected him to maintain that the Clinton administration and that's. -- away ", 'from the Egyptian military announce today you can see the reaction from tahrir square where millions have come out. After that 48 hour ultimatum. The time has come and so we see that the constitution for Egypt has been dissolved and in the into around the Chief Justice. Egypt will have power until elections can be held for the president. And -- members of parliament and that is the reaction from those protesters both for and against president -- more -- With fireworks and millions gathering in tahrir square protest thing. More -- to either share power step aside and as we can see right there. The military has now taken ', "reporting that  Egypt 's president millions of  protesters  that you are seen in  tahrir square  or. Step down facilities in  Cairo  including the Millions of  protesters  are calling pictures of  tahrir square  vacancy. Millions ", "with his ABC news digital special report Egyptian television is reporting that Egypt's president -- -- -- Is under arrest but a presidential spokesperson denies that and the Muslim Brotherhood a political party of the president. Is claiming that a military coup he is under way. At this hour more -- Refused the military's demands to either enact reforms that was demanded by millions of protesters that you are seen in tahrir square or. Step down and give the president more C a morning deadline that has now come and passed. Military officers have taken control of key facilities in Cairo including the newsroom of a state run television station. If reports of a -- are in fact true it marks the second time in just more than two years. But the military removed the country's leader. As millions are marching in the streets in the biggest rallies in the nation that they have seen it is led to clashes with police -- blamed for at least 39 deaths. ABC's Karen Travers live in Washington now with -- developments as all eyes are on Egypt Karen. Hi Dan as you said there are state reports that say that president Morrissey is under house arrest by the president's spokesman denies that and right now this is a very fluid situation very tense situation. And that military deadline has coming gone yet president -- -- remains very defiant. Years enter explain Egypt . And on the brink of chaos. Millions of protesters are calling on president Mohamed -- to step down. The Egyptian military gave Morrissey a deadline of -- PM today Kyra time to reach an agreement with the protesters . Around the alarm would impose their. Their own solutions and attention. That deadline has and -- said -- I'm not going anywhere ", "more -- -- have no place the anger is also driven by Egypt's decimated economy -- once vital tourism industry struggling without American visitors. The iconic pyramids practically empty. This goes up. -- Americans on ", "Brotherhood leaders in  Egypt  to their Islamist supporters And violent phase of  Egypt 's long revolution we're joined now  Cairo  by mark part Alex thank Tear gas were fired at  protesters . Leading these sixty have seen a lot of  protests  in  tahrir square  on sixth of October be taking place in  Egypt  considering the fact ", 'his place. In the days since we have seen a lot of protests in tahrir square on -- sixth of October bridge are those situations still very active. -- -- what you -- and since then is is ', "Chaos and crisis in  Cairo  and a day of  protests president since then  Egypt . The so deeply polarized events in  Cairo  closely  Egypt  is one of the US's turned into the largest  protests  in Egyptian history Feeling the momentum the  protesters  came out again the that has happened in  Egypt  have been looking forward Alex mark court in  Cairo . And now we turn to be. While there in  tahrir square . As democracy took ", "Good evening and thanks for joining us tonight a dramatic showdown between Egypt's military and the ousted president. Once again millions of citizens of taken to the streets in Cairo in dueling protests . But is this -- people -- or one strong armed by the military. Tonight President Obama met with his national security team as a key American ally stands on the brink of civil war. ABC's -- Smart port is covering the crisis in Egypt Alex. -- it's a tale of two cities here in Cairo tonight as we wait to see who makes the next move. President Morrissey was ousted by the Egyptian military a spokesman now tells us he's been arrested. That as hundreds of thousands of egyptians celebrated his removal from power. Fireworks and jubilation erupted in -- we -- square tonight at the military announced it dissolved Egypt's constitution. And deposed president -- more seat after just one year in office what is -- In a speech to the nation ", "of these same egyptians were fighting to oust another president since then Egypt . The -- so deeply polarized. Over worries that -- civil war could spare the country apart. -- Morrissey made a lot of mistakes and I think a lot of the decisions that he made over his first year in office did give people real reason to question. His intentions with respect to democracy. And the brought hundreds ability to play a democratic game. United States is watching events in Cairo closely Egypt is one of the US's closest allies in the Middle East. One of the largest recipient of American dollars in foreign aid. Just four days ago on the first anniversary of president more -- election demonstrators gathered across the country. Hull for more -- to step down and for new elections to be held according to the military these demonstrations turned into the largest protests in Egyptian history. Millions demonstrating across the country. Well I think the methods -- -- than -- -- Mohamed -- the night. You know would come here -- get out. We don't want any liabilities graduates. And not convinced -- men and Muhammad must be and big. On the streets and then he and that he -- Feeling the momentum the protesters came out again the next day hoping the military would take their side the crowds were so big. Anger so strong. The military gave more CO 48 hour deadline to answer the people's demands when helicopters showed up over the rallying -- -- -- square. Crowd erupted in cheers. -- feel about the army now issuing this ultimatum. -- happy extending. It's one of the best things that has happened in Egypt have been looking forward to it for almost a year the army field is on your science yes not only -- Even ", "so even as celebrations continue late in tonight on top -- square. Egypt is bracing itself for more bloody violence. -- -- Our thanks to Alex mark court in Cairo . And now we turn to ABC's global affairs anchor Christiane on the court and he joins me now with some valuable context thanks so much for being good to be. While -- there in -- tahrir square . As democracy took shape and it's an emotional historic moment and get you can't watch the events of the last few days and not wonder is democracy failing -- the Middle East you know. Egypt is the bedrock of the Middle East what happens in Egypt is likely to happen around that region so everybody's closely watching and of course is -- massively important US ally. It is ", "looking live at  tahrir square . It is filled center of it all in  cairo . Reporter: This the crowd on  tahrir square  swelled to tens military coup in  egypt . Then they announced elections can be held.  Tahrir square , the birth place of  egypt 's revolution historically massive  protests , demanding that ", "We begin with the crises in egypt . All day long the world has watched as this life or death drama unfolded, a nation so key to the united states hanging in the balance. You're looking live at tahrir square . It is filled with celebrations tonight now that theresident has been ousted but there is also fear that there will be bloodshed. The president's supporters will not give in easily. They are vowing revenge. The images of this day tells the story. The people of egypt demanding their president step aside. The military stepping in, weapons drawn. And here is the very latest. The egyptian military is effectively in control. The u.S. State department is now urging all americans to leave egypt . We will explore what all this means to the u.S. Which relies so heavily on egypt to bring stability to such a dangerous region. Our team is spanned out across the globe but we begin with alex marquardt in the center of it all in cairo . Reporter: This is the place where two and a half years ago they deposed a dictator. Today they're doing the same to the first democratically elected president and tonight he's fighting back. As the seconds tick down toward the ultimatum deadline, the crowd on tahrir square swelled to tens of thousands. As the hours passed with no word, confusion mounted. You have no idea who's running the country ", "of the capital. Spokesman tweeted there is a full military coup in egypt . Then they announced morsi is out. The head of the military said he was respond k to the call of the people, suspending the counsel's tugs and naming the top constitutional judge to take over until new presidential elections can be held. Tahrir square , the birth place of egypt's revolution two and a half years ago erupted once again. Since sunday millions have poored into the streets across egypt in historically massive protests , demanding that morsi step down and calling for early elections. This is the moment we've been waiting for for three years and ", "to spill the blood of the egyptian people. Alex marquardt. Abc news, cairo . As we said, egypt has long been a critical partner of the united states and martha raddatz has more now on america's view of this particular power struggle. Reporter: The chaotic scenes from egypt today put the us in an impossible position. Watching angry supporters of morsi. On the other side, jup lent supporters. Washington cannot ", "crises boiling over in  egypt . Tonight crowds are once more amassing in  cairo 's  tahrir square , the country's first The big question, is  egypt  on the brink of civil The crowds here in  tahrir square  are celebrating the arrest of  egypt 's first democratic allies are calling for  protests  tomorrow against the ", "We begin tonight with that crises boiling over in egypt . Tonight crowds are once more amassing in cairo's tahrir square , the country's first freely elected president deposed and sits under house arrest, a new interim leader sworn in. Tension is splintering, jup lags on one side, on the other side anger among millions of followers of the muslim brotherhood. The u.S. National security team spent this holiday in the situation room monitoring this important american all lie. The big question, is egypt on the brink of civil war. Alex marquardt has the latest tonight from cairo . Reporter: Good evening, elizabeth. A huge military crackdown is underway here tonight. The crowds here in tahrir square are celebrating the arrest of egypt's first democratic president in 5,000 years. But top aides from his party, the muslim brotherhood, are behind bars. Tonight, egypt is a tinderbox, and morsi's supporters are warning of bloody violence to come. A heart drawn in the sky -- a message from egypt's military to their supporters on the square below. I'm so, so, so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so proud at the same ", "50 people dead. Today, the military installed a new virtually unknown president, egypt's top constitutional judge. Do you know the name of the new president? No Reporter: The past few days have highlighted the army's historic and tremendous power, the strongest institution in the country. Egypt's presidents have all been military men. Its first civilian president, morsi, lasted just a year. In egypt , the military has far more than just the traditional role. They control a huge part of the economy, with estimates up to 40%. They build roads and bridges and have their own brands of olive oil and water. At the core of the u.S.- Egypt friendship are the country's militaries. Egypt receives $1.3 billion a year from the u.S. Washington is hoping that cash can help avoid an all-out civil war. Today, defense secretary hagel called this man -- egypt's military chief general al-sissi. For now egypt is looking to the past, a strong man in control of the country, not the new president but the head of the army. The muslim brotherhood and its allies are calling for protests tomorrow against the military. They're calling it the friday of rejection. They say they want to keep it peaceful but things are so intention here in cairo that anything could set it off. As alex just said, one of the biggest worries is if and how the millions strong muslim brotherhood and supporters will retail yat. Reporter: If the egyptian army thought the muslim brotherhood would take defeat quietly they were mistaken. We walked the streets of cairo today and they are ripe for bloodshed. The muslim brotherhood is far fr from conceiting defeat. We had to go through sever ", 'the president huddling with his national security advisers in the situation room. Egypt is the key player in the middle east, in the arab world, the top economic power, military power, political power. So while ', "as spy planes. And  egypt . The u.S. Embassy of violence street  protests  there. The situation military official says  egypt 's fragile government Abc's lama hasan is in  cairo  with the latest. Good Good morning, josh.  Egypt  is on-edge this morning. Here in  tahrir square , the birthplace of violence. Overnight,  protesters  stormed a five-star ", "to send troops to mali, as well as spy planes. And egypt . The u.S. Embassy has been forced to close because of violence street protests there. The situation so bad, that one military official says egypt's fragile government could now collapse. Abc's lama hasan is in cairo with the latest. Good morning, lama. Reporter: Good morning, josh. Egypt is on-edge this morning. Here in tahrir square , the birthplace of the egyptian revolution two years ago, has seen five-straight days of bloodshed and violence. Overnight, protesters stormed a five-star luxury hotel. They broke down the security barriers before storming the lobby. And es swooped in to stop them. Meanwh meanwhile, protesters defied an emergency law. Tens of thousands in the streets. And some of them armed. And they battled with security forces. They ", "head overseas to  egypt  for so long a critical Reporter: In  cairo 's  tahrir square  the tension has who launched the  protests . In the new constitution wants to control  egypt  as well as that join the masses on  tahrir square . Alexmarquardt ", "Now we head overseas to egypt for so long a critical american ally in the middle east and with the iconic pyramids, a t destination for millions of us. Tonight a cal dron of unrest and for the next 24 hours the clock is ticking down to a deadline. Alex marquardt is there. Reporter: In cairo's tahrir square the tension has risen and the energy has grown. As the seconds tick away to the ultimatum deadline. Military threatening to intervene tomorrow if the president doesn't mean the people's demand. Tonight morsi admitted he has made mistakes but was elected fairly and will not step down. We met a woman who launched the protests . In the new constitution there's no role for women she said. In the morsi era women have no place. The anger is driven by fear that the muslim brotherhood wants to control egypt as well as that decimated economy. Look at egypt's famous pyramids filled with american tourist before the revolution. Since then they've been practically empty. Egypt's time us nile river used to be packed with these boats called falucas. The last american this man had on his fa luke ka was a month ago. How much money did you make this week? Ten pounds. Less than $2. He told us he's going to join the masses on tahrir square . Alexmarquardt, abc news, cairo . ", "east now to tahrir scare in  egypt  almost two years ago and once marquardt was on the scene in  cairo  today. Reporter: The birthplace of  egypt 's revolution today once again says it is temporary to put  egypt  on the right track. Tonight ", "We head now to the middle east now to tahrir scare in egypt almost two years ago and once again egyptians are protesting this time trying to hold on to their democracy during a turbulent november. And abc's alex marquardt was on the scene in cairo today. Reporter: The birthplace of egypt's revolution today once again ringing with calls for the downfall of a dictator. This time it's for this man, president mohammed morsi ", "like a pharaoh. Reporter: Morrison's office says it is temporary to put egypt on the right track. Tonight the wise voices say it's far from fear that will win the showdown but there are certainly more bloody days ahead on egypt's bumpy road to democracy. Alex marquardt, abc news, cairo . ", "Violent anti-american  protests  overnight in  egypt . Abc's lama hasan demonstrations in  cairo  right now. Lama anger. The streets of  cairo  are once again a war We're overlooking  tahrir square , just down the street firing tear gas at the  protesters , trying to push them million man march.  Protests  by the muslim brotherhood the sea of violent  protesters . It's now the fourth ", 'beginning of the show, the latest in the middle east. Violent anti-american protests overnight in egypt . Abc\'s lama hasan is on the front lines of the demonstrations in cairo right now. Lama, good morning to you. Reporter: Good morning, elizabeth. Well, this is a city bracing itself for a huge amount of outpouring of anger. The streets of cairo are once again a war zone. We\'re overlooking tahrir square , just down the street from where we are is the u.S. Embassy. We can see the security forces who are meant to be guarding the embassy, firing tear gas at the protesters , trying to push them back. But the crowd is going nowhere. They are digging in and getting ready for a fight. Many thousands anticipating to take part in a million man march. Protests by the muslim brotherhood. Police in riot gear launching tear gas canisters into the sea of violent protesters . It\'s now the fourth day of anti-american demonstrations, fueled by an amateur film called "innocence of muslims." Many here say the movie ', 'of this protest today in  cairo ,  egypt .  Tahrir square , tens of thousands of  protesters  reeling from tear gas but captivated the world,  egypt  has struggled on its road There was outrage on  tahrir square . We were there. No one ', 'overseas. Take a look at the size of this protest today in cairo egypt . Tahrir square tens of thousands of protesters reeling from tear gas but determined to send a message to the world about their new duel over democracy and abc\'s alex marquardt spent the day right there in the middle of the action. Reporter: They came by the thousands, hurling stones, pulling down barricades, even commandeering a police van. As they got closer and closer to the palace, police fired volleys of tear gas and retreated. "Leave, leave," they chanted. As the masses grew, president mohammed morsi left the palace. Ever since the revolution that captivated the world, egypt has struggled on its road to democracy. Two weeks ago, president morsi gave himself unchecked powers -- he says, to put egypt on a democratic path. There was outrage on tahrir square We were there. No one here believe s morsi when he says these powers are just temporary. They say they traded one tyrant for another. Then a surprise -- his allies rushed through a new constitution. Critics say it could make egypt more islamic and doesn\'t do enough to guarantee freedoms, including women\'s. Egyptians will have a chance to vote on this new constitution in two weeks. Tonight\'s protesters could boycott, but for now it looks like it will go ahead and the president very well may get his way. Alex ', "one of three Americans didn't in  Cairo  saying about news of their pending release. The men were arrested during  protests  Sunday near  Cairo 's  tahrir square  the mother said that officials confirmed military council which is refusing  protesters  demands to step down immediately.", "the mother of one of one of three Americans didn't -- in Cairo saying about news of their pending release. The men were arrested during protests Sunday near Cairo's tahrir square the mother said that officials confirmed the date they're going to be released she's hoping they head home tomorrow. Crowds remain in the square chanting get to military council which is refusing protesters demands to step down immediately. ", 'We turn to  egypt , where the military at the flashpoint,  tahrir square  in  cairo . Good morning, alex enough is enough.  Egypt  is in a political crisis people protesting across  egypt  for the last several plan. Jubilation on  tahrir square , as the military handed overhead. A sign,  protesters  said, the military ', "We turn to egypt , where the military has given the president there a major ultimatum. He has until tomorrow to end the crisis engulfing his country and his presidency. Millions of people taking to the streets, demanding that president morsi will step down. And alex marquardt is there at the flashpoint, tahrir square in cairo . Good morning, alex. Reporter: That's right. The military saying enough is enough. Egypt is in a political crisis and economic crisis. They're saying that the people just can't continue like this. So, what we're going to see now is if the president doesn't meet the people's demands, if he doesn't meet the demands of the people protesting across egypt for the last several days, the military will step in and intervene with their own plan. Jubilation on tahrir square , as the military handed down its ultimatum to egypt's president. Army helicopters flew overhead. A sign, protesters said, the military is in their corner. We're very happy. It's one of the best things that has happened to egypt . We've been looking forward to it for almost a year now. Reporter: The army, you feel is on your side? Yes. Reporter: The same protesters demonstrated against the army when it ran the country following egypt's revolution. Today, the military is seen as saviors, swooping in to rescue a deeply polarized egypt , with an economy that's been decimated. Visitors to the giza pyramids have all but disappeared. Gas lines are hours long. The country "]