['(CNN) -- A Mexican military helicopter hovered south of the border in the early morning darkness.', "Below it, one of the country's most wanted drug lords was riding in a pickup truck.", 'The Zetas leader was in the pickup truck with two others, who were also arrested.', '"It seems like one of them was in charge of financial operations of this gang and the other was a bodyguard," Sanchez said, adding that authorities would have more information after speaking with the suspects.', "No shots were fired in the operation, said Sanchez, who didn't explain how the helicopter managed to stop the pickup.", '"It made a maneuver that resulted in the truck stopping, and three people in the truck were apprehended by personnel on the ground who came to support the navy, which had made the detention using the helicopter," he said.', 'Mexican authorities had been offering a reward of 30 million pesos (about $2.4 million) and the U.S. State Department had been offering an award of up to $5 million for information leading to his capture.', "The Zetas started out as the enforcement arm of Mexico's Gulf cartel, but later split off and formed their own drug trafficking organization.", 'The Zetas are accused of smuggling tons of cocaine and other drugs annually to the United States, generating many millions of dollars.', 'The name of the cartel conjures up some of the most violent images of the drug war: a casino fire that killed 52 people, the deaths of 72 migrants and tortured bodies hanging from bridges.', "Last year, Mexican authorities announced that they had killed Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, who had been the cartel's leader.", "A senior U.S. State Department official praised Mexican authorities for Monday's arrest.", '"Credit goes to the Mexican government for this," the official said. "It is a very big get."', "It is unclear whether the arrest will qualify for the U.S. government's reward program, the official said.", "CNN's Elise Labott, Mariano Castillo, Ariel Crespo, Michael Roa and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report.", 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Incredible video shows the moment that a train derails as it hurtles around a curve in Spain,, killing dozens and injuring more than 100.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'The woman at the center of the scandal, a 23-year-old passionate about politics, once looked up to Anthony Weiner, her friend says.', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', "Pope Francis barnstorms Brazil focusing on the poor. CNN's Miguel Marquez reports.", "Dubai's Burj Khalifa has less than a year left as the world's tallest building, as China begins work on the projected 838-meter (2,749 feet) Sky City.", '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well.", 'A surprise inspection by the Centers for Disease Control has resulted in a failing grade for one of the plushest cruise ships afloat.', 'The number of dive sites inspiring that one-in-a-lifetime thrill is shrinking, but this protected island in Malaysia is a dream come true. ', '"Doctor Who" premiered in 1963. It has since aired 33 seasons, nearly 800 episodes and 11 actors portraying the Doctor over time. ']