['several of her fellow  protesters , some also wearing black numbers. Fellow Code Pink  protesters , also dressed in orange got back from a visit to  Yemen , where she "met with said. Throughout the  protests , tourists that came to ', 'by protest in Cairo." In other words, all the talk of  protests  - which proved to be wrong - started with the CIA. What www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-na-pn- yemen -ap-leak-probe-20130516,0,7043431.story ', "Yemeni pro-democracy  protesters  chant slogans as they march during a demonstration demanding the trial of former  president Ali Abdullah Saleh  in Sanaa,  Yemen , Feb. 28, 2013. (Hani Mohammed/AP Photo) Click to see the rest of ABC News' Today in Pictures", 'network of fifteen of these hubs and guarantee that the next  revolution  in manufacturing is Made in America. If we want to nations. Instead, we will need to help countries like  Yemen , Libya, and Somalia provide for their own security ', 'that in that same period we were seeing violent attacks on our embassies in Cairo, Sana\'a [ Yemen ] , Tunis, Khartoum, as well as large  protests  outside many other posts where thousands of our diplomats serve," Clinton told the Senate Foreign ', "graduates attend their graduation ceremony in Sana'a,  Yemen , Jan. 29, 2013. According to government accounts, the illiteracy rate in  Yemen  stands at 29.8 percent for men and 62.1 percent for women ", 'and briefly detained in anti-Japanese  protests  in Beijing on Tuesday. No one was injured the East China Sea. In Beijing, the  protests  took place outside the Japanese Embassy the recent attacks against Americans in  Yemen  and Libya.', 'group Hezbollah led  protests  in Beirut today against Lebanon, Sudan,  Yemen  and other countries called for four more  protests  around Lebanon this were anti-film  protests  in at least seven Pakistan, Afghanistan,  Yemen  and the West Bank ', 'cover the Libyan  revolution , sadly this time 2011, the day the  revolution  that would ultimately the height of the  revolution . After what were ask a few of the  protesters  to wait one minute violence in Syria,  Yemen  and Egypt.) As ', "ROUNDTABLE What's being said about the  protests  AMANPOUR: They're very, very concerned be inspired. Security RADDATZ: In  Yemen  particularly, that embassy is very about when they look at a map and see  protests  in 20 different places. CLARK: No ", 'need to protect our people and facility." Violent  protests  have raged outside U.S. embassies in various the movie. Another FAST platoon was dispatched to  Yemen  on Thursday after  protesters  breached the outer security perimeter at the U ', "Qaeda's branch in  Yemen  praised the killing anti-American  protests  that rocked the arresting scores of  protesters  who refused to symbol of the  revolution . That is the terror group's  Yemen  branch is known militants from  Yemen  and Saudi Arabia ", "warning from  yemen 's president  Yemen  has been facing huge  protests  the president embattled country  yemen 's  President Ali Abdullah Saleh  took the the west of  protesters . Could come doing in  Yemen  the president the sea of  protesters . Acted again ", "A warning from yemen's president Yemen has been a crucial ally for the US in the war on terror there is a huge al-Qaeda presence in that country. -- facing huge protests the president says He will step down but warned today in so many words -- -- sorry. 24 hours after agreeing to hand over power in his increasingly embattled country yemen's President Ali Abdullah Saleh took -- -- the opposition. Warning of the dangers of al-Qaeda -- support from the west of protesters . Could come at a cost and in the -- -- they were ignoring would al-Qaeda is doing in Yemen the president said and they will either place. -- is no agreed to hand over power -- was deputy within thirty days in exchange for immunity from prosecution. Today thousands of demonstrators were still -- -- -- the deal falls short of their demands they wanted out now and they wanted -- -- warns al-Qaeda has found its way into the sea of protesters . Acted again I think this will escalate the crisis the president said it won't solve it. ", "government ban on  protests  in media and run.  Protesters  have vowed demonstrations in  Yemen  a close US report from  Yemen . Friday Billings  yemen 's capital violent clashes  anti government . Weeks ago Forcing  yemen 's authoritarian reason these  protests  had not spread ", "thousands of demonstrators took to the streets defying a government ban on protests in media and -- run. Protesters have vowed to follow suit. And on the Arabian Peninsula they had been more demonstrations in Yemen a close US ally. Where US officials believe that al-Qaeda operatives posed one of the greatest risks. ABC's senior foreign affairs correspondent Martha Raddatz has sent this report from Yemen . Friday Billings yemen's capital erupted in joy at the news that. President Mubarak had stepped down. But as exuberant -- these demonstrators were. Ended only an hour later on Saturday they gathered again this time with some violent clashes -- anti government . Weeks ago it is unprecedented. Show straight tens of thousands of demonstrators hit the streets in Yemen . Forcing yemen's authoritarian president Ali Abdullah Salah who was carefully watching events in Egypt into a preemptive strike. Salah who has ruled for more than three decades promised He would not run for re election in 2013. But there is another more ominous reason these protests had not spread. Yemen is the poorest least educated and most fragile country in the Arab world. It is also heavily -- And even opposition leaders seem genuinely afraid that if protests get out of -- the country could collapse. Asked would that -- don't use weapons I don't know anything who -- Who's the real life and realize that with the results of using such slipped from -- -- a -- -- be a contestant. Which is a nightmare scenario for the United States and other western countries. Yemen has become a major breeding ground for al-Qaeda. It's remote villages and rugged terrain ideal for militants sales to hide and train. The failed Christmas Day bomber who hit explosives it -- underwear -- 2009. Trained here. Last October bombs disguised as well -- cartridges placed on US bound cargo planes were mailed from Yemen . And hiding somewhere in this country -- other provinces. The American born radical cleric. And -- -- out a -- but will also inspired the attacks at Fort Hood. And the Times Square bomber. I think both in the US in the UK and many other countries we -- -- in Yemen . -- Way up there in the top level of -- In the last five years the US -- -- in -- more than 250. Million dollars in aid. The majority going to the military. -- -- -- -- -- -- Nephew of yemen's president. He's in charge of the country's security forces including 250. US. Counterterrorism. Truth if you had to say how many old. ", 'as a result of this a spontaneous  protests  outside the consulate in the Ghazi but served in Afghanistan. Bahrain  Yemen  Syria. And the Gambia. I speak impending attacks on our embassy in  anti government  anti American demonstrations. Allowing ', 'country extensively in the mideast. Besides Libya but served in Afghanistan. Bahrain Yemen Syria. And the Gambia. I speak fluent Arabic. In -- rain and when she opposition contacts. Gave me advanced warning. Of impending attacks on our embassy in anti government anti American demonstrations. Allowing us to prepare and avoid injuries to staff. I learned that knowledge of local conditions and strong connections. ', "days of the  protests  in Egypt. To Started a  revolution  report. A year executive. An  anti government  activist why in Bob. the  protesters  did square policemen. In  Yemen  on a job is The Egyptian  revolution  wasn't driven forces that spot  revolution  throughout history ", "we do and I'd -- like I'd now like never. Started a revolution report. A year ago Nadine -- Hobbs connected online with the young Google marketing executive. An anti government activist why else -- -- There basically bunch of thugs thieves and you know who've been ruining their our country there's still ", 'and not by rain at or  Yemen  American allies is that Homeland Security are  Yemen  and some of the al-Qaeda regime change. Look  Yemen  and Bahrain have the killed by the regime in  Yemen .  Peaceful protests  on Friday you have the ', 'That will not affect the -- which is obviously regime change. Look Yemen and Bahrain have the same problem that we do in Libya 45 people were killed by the regime in Yemen Peaceful protests on Friday you have the same thing in Bahrain this is the Obama administration has been responding very slowly. At the outset ', 'An eruption of  protests , big and small anger and those  protests  are flaring up again battles between  protesters  hurling rocks and Today, the  protests  spread across the protestors killed. In  yemen , the crowds torched ', "An eruption of protests , big and small. In fact, 24 hours ago, in five countries around the globe, tonight, more than 30 countries. Two more u.S. Embassies stormed, even the new president of egypt, a member of the muslim brotherhood now calling for calm in his country. Abc's lama hasan is on the ground in cairo tonight. Lama? Reporter: David, that anger and those protests are flaring up again tonight. The protectoll us or thes are seething with anger, all aimed at america. In cairo today, the u.S. Embassy under siege. Running battles between protesters hurling rocks and security forces firing back tear gas and water cannons, using a newly erected concrete wall to defend the embassy. ", 'is no god but allah and muhammad is his prophet." Today, the protests spread across the globe. In sudan protestors stormed the u.S. Embassy before being stopped. This after setting the german headquarters on fire. In tunisia, black smoke billowed from the u.S. Embassy after protestors attacked it. Two protestors killed. In yemen , the crowds torched. In lebanon, crowds torched a kfc restaurant and broke the windows of a hardees. All this just as the pope arrived to the region, spreading a message of peace and tolerance. Back here in cairo, it is clear the violence could have been worse. After president obama called egypt\'s new leader mohammed morsi, morsi reversed course and urged the protesters to hold off, saying, "it is required by our religion to protect our guests and their homes and places of work. So I call on you all to consider this, consider the law, and not attack embassies." Not all the protesters are listening to the president\'s call for calm. Tonight, near the u.S. Embassy, street battles rage on. David? La ma hasan, thank ', 'the wake of the  revolution  in libya, are quite been back post- revolution , only for a matter there have been  protests  around the world in tunisia, in  yemen , and of course major part in their  revolution . What transpired ', "heavier weapons, weapons as you know that, in the wake of the revolution in libya, are quite common and accessible. Then it evolved from there. We'll wait to see exactly what the investigation finally confirms. ", "in benghazi is relatively new, as you'll recall, we have been back post- revolution , only for a matter of months. But, I have visited there myself. Both to tripoli and benghazi. I was very grateful to ", "this has to stop. You bring up -- frankly, in tunisia, in yemen , and of course in libya, where the government has gone out of its way to try to step up security and express the deepest remorse. We're quite popular in libya as you might expect having been a major part in their revolution . What transpired outside of our consulate in benghazi wasn't an expression of deep-seeded anti-american sentiment. Quite the contrary. The outpouring of sympathy "]