["mentioning Islam's Prophet  Muhammad  in vain. Gunmen shot residents staged a  protest  at a checkpoint against Muslim holy month. The  protest  led to a physical quarrel in the air to disperse  protesters . Syria's uprising ", 'possibly the latest salvo in a long-running cyber  protest  targeting major Western financial institutions over the U.S. government force YouTube to take down  the  " Innocence of Muslims " movie and trailer - a super low-budget, privately-made ', 'are only trying to force the U.S. government to get YouTube to remove the extremely low-budget film " The Innocence of Muslims " from its website. The film, which depicts the Prophet Mohammed as a fraud and pedophile, sparked real-world ', 'Intelligence Committee to save his skin when he said that the attack was a spontaneous mob spurred by the film, " The Innocence of Muslims ." At the time of his briefings, no one in the White House was aware of the FBI investigation into Petraeus ', 'space to spread the  protest  against an anti-Islam also part of this  protest ." In mid-September low-budget film " The Innocence of Muslims ." The film, which was the removal of  the  " Innocence of Muslims " video and said ', 'back partnered missions between NATO and Afghan troops as a precautionary measure in the wake of insider attacks and  the  " Innocence of Muslims " video. At a Pentagon news conference Panetta said, " I can now report to you that most ISAF units have returned ', 'al-Qassam warned the financial industry that it was going to attack in retaliation for the controversial film " The Innocence of Muslims ," which provoked outrage across the Muslim world earlier this month. The U.S. said it suspected that ', 'police were able to keep the  protesters  away from the United States consulate there. In Peshawar,  protesters  torched two movie theaters been running ads condemning " The Innocence of Muslims " on Pakistan television ', 'of insider attacks, but it also means troops will be less involved if there are further protests against "  The Innocence of Muslims  ," the controversial anti-Islam film that has provoked demonstrations around the world. "We are not going ', 'Abdallah showed clips from the controversial film " The Innocence of Muslims ." "I hope other media and TV will discuss this well, calling the film that ridicules the prophet  Muhammad  the worst insult to Islam ever. He warned that ', 'three-and-a-half years. THE MESSAGE FROM ROMNEY H. Q : "Four years ago, Candidate Obama promised Ohioans he quantitative easing, and the controversial YouTube video " The Innocence of Muslims ." http://abcn.ws/PwqGRn THE BUZZ: with ABC\'s ', 'know, a few hours earlier, there was a violent  protest  that was undertaken in reaction to this very offensive Egypt Tuesday over a film that depicts the Prophet  Muhammad  as a fraud.  Protesters  in Cairo breached the walls of the U.S. American ', 'Middle Eastern countries this week to  protest  a movie posted on the Internet that mocks the Muslim prophet  Muhammad . Sudan was to be the third country dispatched to Yemen on Thursday after  protesters  breached the outer security perimeter ', 'not convinced men and  Muhammad  must be and big. On the Feeling the momentum the  protesters  came out again the next the last four days of  protest . In a defiant speech media. The and Timor  protesters  are running a massive ', "We don't want any liabilities graduates. And not convinced -- men and Muhammad must be and big. On the streets and then he and that he -- Feeling the momentum the protesters came out again the next day hoping the military would take their side the crowds were so big. Anger so strong. The ", 'forcing them away.  Protesters  pushing forward that online movilled " the innocence of muslims ," which denigrates the prophet  muhammad . It was produced in account -- supporting the  protesters . "By the way, have ', 'again. Iraq, iran, afghanistan and pakistan. Fueling this fury that online movilled " the innocence of muslims ," which denigrates the prophet muhammad . It was produced in america. In cairo, people in the streets telling us that the american government is to blame. We asked them what they want america to do. They want an official apology from president obama. On twitter, a spat broke out between the u.S. Embassy and the ruling egyptian political party the muslim brotherhood. The embassy warning the brotherhood that it was reading -- in arabic -- tweets sent from their account -- supporting the protesters . "By the way, have you checked out your own arabic feed? I hope you know, we read those, too." Tomorrow, the muslim ', 'showing sympathy for the  protesters  for the attackers came forcing them away.  Protesters  pushing forward throwing fury that online movie  the innocence of Muslims  which denigrates the Brothers is for people to  protest  peacefully and not ', "those two. Tomorrow the Muslim Brothers -- is -- for people to protest peacefully and not outside the US embassy. But -- we know these demonstrations are unpredictable the city. Is all and it's. Thank ", 'All sparked by a film called " the innocence of muslims ," which may not even be a real lamest portrayal of the prophet  muhammad  as a thug and child rapist was she writes. Kws the prophet  muhammad  was stoned, exiled, had the ', 'are burning around the world tonight. All sparked by a film called " the innocence of muslims ," which may not even be a real film. Only a laughably amateur trailer exists online, created by a convicted fraudster in hiding and described by one man who worked on it as something like a "saturday night live" sketch directed by the three stooges. But even the lamest portrayal of the prophet muhammad as a thug and child rapist was enough to enrage crowds on a deadly scale today. The u.S. State department is deeming ', 'killed the am gas dar in libya," she writes. Kws the prophet muhammad was stoned, exiled, had the intestines of animals thrown at him. At what point in his life does he ever retaliate by ', 'on their web site for. 1415. Hours before the  protesters  breached the wall well first one before they the about the film that seems to sparked all of this be  the innocence of Muslims . Film Secretary Clinton said she thought it was ', "statement. Which data on their web site for. 1415. Hours before the protesters breached the wall well first one before they -- the -- but it stayed -- and they reiterated the statement after they've ", 'Mohamed were seeing these  protesters  down into this square Even before the main  protest  began there had been cannot convince men and  Muhammad  and big. On the streets was caught in a violent  protest  on Friday where he was ', "democracy. We don't want any liabilities brotherhood. We cannot convince men and Muhammad -- and big. On the streets and then again he. An umbrella opposition group called rebellion claims to have 22 million signatures. ", 'muslim prophet  muhammad . Tonight, american Reporter: Tonight,  protesters  and egyptian security yemen\'s capital,  protesters  smashing windows in all caps, " protesters  have stormed the muslim prophet  muhammad , depicting him ', 'of the uproar over an american-made movie that mocks the muslim prophet muhammad . Tonight, american officials are warning that extremist groups could spread this violence back here at home and abc\'s martha raddatz brings us the latest. Reporter: Tonight, protesters and egyptian security forces are facing off outside the embassy in cairo. The crowds, throwing stones and molotov cocktails, greeted with tear gas in return. It has been a long day of unrest in the region. This morning, outside the u.S. Embassy in yemen\'s capital, protesters smashing windows and climbing the walls to the compound. At around 4:30 a.M. East coast time, yemen\'s spokespe in washington tweeted in all caps, " protesters have stormed the u.S. Embassy in sana\'a." The assault, only the latest of a growing number fueled by anger at an amateurish, low budget film made in los angeles and promoted the koran-burning gas or the, terry jones of florida. There must be an action. Reporter: The film is clearly meant to denigrate the muslim prophet muhammad , depicting him as a child molester. There\'s really no possibility of maintaining a lid on the kind of provocative material like this ']