['Egyptian-American Journalist Tweets She was Sexually Assaulted, Beaten While in Custody in Cairo', "foreign women alike regularly complain about abuse. One of the more prominent cases this year was that of CBS News'  Lara Logan  on the night President Hosni Mubarak stepped down. She was separated from her team and security on Cairo's Tahrir ", 'talk about the emotional impact of their reporting. That changed to a degree in February after CBS News correspondent  Lara Logan  was molested in Cairo. McClelland took to task the Committee to Protect Journalists for not once mentioning sexual harassment ', 'CBS correspondent  Lara Logan  said she had no doubt she "was in the process of dying" as a mob sexually assaulted her in Egypt\'s Tahrir Square while she ', "Lara Logan , the CBS reporter who was sexually assaulted by a mob in Cairo's Tahrir Square the night that longtime Egyptian President Hosni ", "CBS correspondent  Lara Logan  thought she was about to die as she endured a sexual assault in Egypt's Tahrir Square while covering the political uprising in ", "additional risks women face while covering the recent events in North Africa and the Middle East. CBS foreign correspondent  Lara Logan  was sexually abused in February by an Egyptian crowd during the celebration in Cairo's Tarir Square during the celebration ", 'In the spreading unrest in the Middle East, several Western journalists have been attacked. CBS News correspondent  Lara Logan  was beaten and sexually assaulted in Cairo on the night Hosni Mubarak stepped down as president of Egypt, according ', 'In the spreading unrest in the Middle East, several Western journalists have been attacked. CBS News correspondent  Lara Logan  was beaten and sexually assaulted in Cairo on the night Hosni Mubarak stepped down as president of Egypt, according ', 'Lara Logan  at Home After Sexual Assault in Egypt, Gets Call From President Obama', 'CBS News correspondent  Lara Logan  is resting at her Washington, D.C.-area home with her husband want to think about it. I hate to think about it." CBS News\'  Lara Logan  Attacked in Egypt In the days before Mubarak decided to quit ', 'CBS News correspondent  Lara Logan  was assaulted and sexually abused by an Egyptian crowd last week similar demonstrations in Arab countries for fear of attacks.  Lara Logan  Sexually Assaulted in Egypt Logan had been detained by Egyptian ', 'more a statement of humility than arrogance. "He can do no wrong," the narrator says. Cut to an excerpt of CBS\'s  Lara Logan  asking Obama, "Do you have any doubts?" "Never," Obama says, smiling. "Can you see the light?" asks the narrator ', 'CBS\'s Face the Nation, Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill., in Afghanistan, told the paparazzi-pursued correspondent  Lara Logan  that "the objective of this trip was to have substantive discussions with people like President Karzai or Prime Minister ', "back. Perhaps you've heard that she gestured for the  Lara Logan  attack sexually assaulted him. And as a result of that about now she knows or so we hope. How fitting that  Lara Logan  was liberated by Muslims and liberation square while ", "-- on them back. Perhaps you've heard that she gestured for the Lara Logan -- attack sexually assaulted him. And as a result of that there -- people who -- rather vicious insensitive comments about an attack and want to read you this is from conservative pundit Debbie she lost soul. And that's what she wrote. So sad too bad Laura no one told him to go there she knew the risks. -- she should have known what Islam is all about now she knows or so we hope. How fitting that Lara Logan was liberated by Muslims and liberation square while she was gushing over other part of liberation. Hope you're enjoying the revolution. -- ", "that ugly attacking Egypt and CBS news correspondent  Lara Logan  it helping those chaotic moments Friday when the crowds unfolding at CBS news chief foreign affairs correspondent  Lara Logan  injured team. We're surrounded by what is CBS news ", "It turned out of that ugly attacking Egypt and CBS news correspondent Lara Logan it helping those chaotic moments Friday when the crowds learned the President Mubarak was out. For the latest details let's go to ", "A nightmare which apparently unfolding at CBS news chief foreign affairs correspondent Lara Logan injured team. We're surrounded by what is CBS news statement said was a mob of more than 200. People whipped into a ", "the crisis in Egypt CBS says that on February 11. The day that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak resigned. Reporter  Lara Logan  was attacked by a mob of more than 200. People it happened while Logan and her crew from sixty minutes. We're covering ", "on February 11. The day that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak resigned. Reporter Lara Logan was attacked by a mob of more than 200. People it happened while Logan and her crew from sixty minutes. We're covering ", 'broadcasts an interview of Barack Obama in Afghanistan. And will play for you a bit of the senators conversation with  Lara Logan  CBS news. First. I believe you us. Troop levels need to increase and for at least a year and called for. Two additional ', 'And will play for you a bit of the senators conversation with Lara Logan CBS news. First. I believe you us. Troop levels need to increase and for at least a year and called for. Two ']