["A law firm run by  Louisiana Gov .  Bobby Jindal 's former executive counsel has unsuccessful campaign for a seat on the  Louisiana  Supreme Court. Faircloth returned January 2010 to represent the  Louisiana  Tax Commission, led by Jindal ", "Wisconsin recently signed a bill requiring ultrasounds before abortions, though a federal judge blocked the law.  Louisiana 's  Bobby Jindal  has signed several more restrictive bills, including two these year. According to the Guttmacher Institute ", 'Christie Pounds the Airwaves Against Opponent, Despite Huge Lead in Gubernatorial Campaign', "and he's also on the RGA's executive committee. If he wins in 2014, he will go on to lead the group.  Louisiana Gov .  Bobby Jindal , a potential 2016 primary challenger for Christie, heads the group now. John Weingart, the associate director ", "again? Can another presidential race really be starting so soon? It sure looked like it this weekend when  Louisiana Gov .  Bobby Jindal  stopped by a Republican fundraiser in New Hampshire and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul headlined the Iowa GOP's ", 'Lincoln Day Dinner in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, while  Louisiana Gov .  Bobby Jindal  headlined a fundraiser for the Republican Senate education, a topic Jindal often talks about in both  Louisiana  and nationally , he told the audience to "let the ', 'wealth of experience will be an incredible addition for the RGA in the 2013-2014 election cycle,\' said RGA Chairman  Bobby Jindal ." WHO\'S TWEETING? @tackettdc : Rubio tells supporter that McCain and Schumer better watch out for him @juliehdavis ', "Biden will be speaking in Columbia, S.C., as well tonight, only a few miles away from Cruz's speech. And  Gov .  Bobby Jindal , R-La., will be in New Hampshire the same night Paul speaks. So yes, it has begun... Rand Paul Hints at ", 'in an hour-long conversation and debate," Cruz said. Other big-name Republicans at the event included  Louisiana Gov .  Bobby Jindal , former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin. It was the first of the ', 'Marco Rubio, Paul Ryan, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker,  Bobby Jindal , Rand Paul, Va. Gov Bob McDonnell and Chris Christie Development, says of $700 million in missing taxpayer money that  Louisiana  homeowners were given in the wake of Hurricane Katrina to ', 'failing to fix her home. The  Louisiana  Road Home program, which allocated being elevated." The state of  Louisiana  acknowledges that hundreds recovery in the administration of  Gov .  Bobby Jindal  of  Louisiana . Sen. Tom Coburn, a member ', 'you look in recent months, Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio,  Bobby Jindal , Scott Walker, a number of other party leaders have America in a powerful way. And coming from voices like  Bobby Jindal  and Nikki Haley and Susana Martinez and Marco Rubio ', 'Conant told Politico.  Governor Bobby Jindal  So,  Gov .  Bobby Jindal  (R- Louisiana ) is an outlier on our for presidency on the  Louisiana  ballot to show proof of Bernie Pinsonat, a  Louisiana  political analyst, told ', '4 percent Texas Sen. Ted Cruz - 4 percent La.  Gov .  Bobby Jindal  - 3 percent Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin - 3 percent Gov. Mitch Daniels S.C. Gov. Nikki Haley La.  Gov .  Bobby Jindal  Ohio Gov. John Kasich N.M. Gov. Susana Martinez ', "our marsh that.  Governor Jindal  says oil has seeped off the coast of  Louisiana . I thought there'd the for Oklahoma  Louisiana  to join him for his replace what what.  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  isn't focused on ", "other way it would raise a question to replace -- what what. Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal isn't focused on who's in charge He just wants help. We've been frustrated with a distorted -- to date it is too ", "can be cleaned up marshes can't and they make up most of  Louisiana 's coastline. The governor warns his entire could look waits for clean up is one more that more of our marsh that.  Governor Jindal  says oil has seeped as far as ten miles into some of the ", "can be cleaned up marshes can't and they make up most of Louisiana's coastline. The governor warns his entire -- could look like this soon if He doesn't get more help. Now we need more room Morse gamers more vacuums more Jack up barges that are still in short supply and let's be clear. Every day that this -- sits and waits for clean up is one more -- that more of our marsh that. Governor Jindal says oil has seeped as far as ten miles into some of the State's fragile marshlands. -- -- -- We know we've ", 'killed by Isaac. Three in  Louisiana  and one in Mississippi. This workers are on the case in  Louisiana  Mississippi and Arkansas nominee Mitt Romney will join  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  hard hit areas outside New ', "it. At least four people were killed by -- Isaac. Three in Louisiana and one in Mississippi. This woman waded through the destruction in search of a father. Creating your dignity. Would you say yeah. Yeah -- An athletic -- hundreds of thousands today are still without power. With -- 50000 utility workers are on the case in Louisiana Mississippi and Arkansas. Oh yeah he's fed up and running pretty quick you know. -- four gulf states remain under flash flood warning they could see an additional three inches of rain. Later today Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney will join Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal -- hard hit areas outside New Orleans. After causing so much devastation here in the gulf -- now has a chance to ", 'prolific rainmaker. Marching slowly across the Gulf Coast  Louisiana  governor Bobby to handle has declared a state of emergency three to five day period and basically. Barely curse at the  Louisiana  Mississippi Alabama now look at what we call the spaghetti ', '-- from space a prolific rainmaker. Marching slowly across the Gulf Coast Louisiana governor Bobby to handle has declared a state of emergency his main concern flash flooding. Heavy rainfall in combination with. Rising -- ', "that three to five day period and basically. Barely curse at the Louisiana Mississippi Alabama now look at what we call the spaghetti models you're used to seeing these now because. These -- various forecast ", "major Greece for brown pelicans the  Louisiana  State bird are now soaking in outrage among  Louisiana 's residents grows. Shame on a the Coast Guard BP the core from  Louisiana 's  governor Bobby Jindal  is running out of patience. It's ", "There is a new level of anger and frustration right here in Louisiana It's day 35 of this bill and reportedly 65 miles -- Louisiana's coastline is covered in a black rain. -- -- -- -- -- In the -- smash hit the oil has pushed at least twelve miles into the heart of Louisiana's marshes and wetlands. The once pristine breeding grounds for almost 600 species of birds and wildlife are ruined. At least two major -- Greece for brown pelicans the Louisiana State bird are now soaking in -- -- outrage among Louisiana's residents grows. Shame on a shame on him. Shame on the Coast Guard BP the core -- from Louisiana's governor Bobby Jindal is running out of patience. It's we've also been waiting for a decision are dredging are sand -- plan from the US ", "around a chandelier Breton sound we're very concerned about that removing forces there as we speak. For  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  the threat hurricane. even more urgency as he pushes against what he says red tape. Can you believe the ", "we're very concerned about that removing forces there as we speak. For Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal the threat -- hurricane. -- even more urgency as he pushes against what he says -- red tape. Can you believe the "]