["disputed election, to  Egypt , which held its Mediterranean country.  Egypt  category: Mohamed Morsi vs.  Ahmed Shafiq  Mohamed Morsi Ahmed Shafik, the  prime minister  during former President runoff to choose  Egypt 's first democratically ", "easing, Turkish  Prime Minister  Recep Tayyip Erdogan Turkey's Deputy  Prime Minister  accused Syrian forces Mubarak's last  prime minister  - the loser in  Egypt 's presidential The official says  Ahmed Shafiq  flew out of  Egypt", 'Egypt \'s election commission Hosni Mubarak\'s last  Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq  by a margin of 4 percent best of you," he said.  Egypt  had been a pressure cooker followed by warnings that  Egypt  was still far from a true ', "beginning to unfold in  Egypt , President Obama sent former ambassador to  Egypt  who had established each claim victory in  Egypt 's first democratic candidate is Mubarak's old  prime minister , and the other represents Wisner said the ex-PM,  Ahmed Shafiq , has the advantage ", 'in recent years.  Egypt \'s Interior Ministry is like a star in  Egypt \'s sky." Sokari with the portrait of  Ahmed Shafiq , Mubarak\'s last  prime minister  and one of the two undemocratic turn that  Egypt \'s transition has ', "EGYPT : MUBARAK AT DEATH'S DOOR and the campaign of former PM  Ahmed Shafiq  have declared victory in the he was the last Mubarak-era  Prime Minister ) - are not what's needed in  Egypt  at the moment. All eyes are on ", 'fledgling democracy into doubt.  Egypt \'s Supreme Constitutional unconstitutional. "We saw a coup in  Egypt  today," said Shadi Hamid Mubarak-appointed judges voted that  Ahmed Shafiq ,  Egypt \'s former interim  prime minister  during the revolution, will ', 'oil supply passes every day.  EGYPT : BIG PROTESTS Another big the candidacy of his former  Prime Minister ,  Ahmed Shafiq . MARQUARDT reports that political bolster public support, Japanese  Prime Minister  Yasuhiko Noda held a press ', 'expected to dominate the agenda.  EGYPT : THE FURY LINGERS Alex MARQUARDT Large protests are planned across  Egypt  after sunset prayers this evening and the candidacy of his former  Prime Minister ,  Ahmed Shafiq . The protests are backed by ', 'Sunday, Mubarak\'s last  prime minister ,  Ahmed Shafiq , said the Muslim Brotherhood\'s Mohammed Morsi would take  Egypt  back to "dark ages Egyptian women. "Women of  Egypt , I will not permit can see that in all of  Egypt \'s squares." Mubarak ', "computers in Iran? 3) What did a group of Egyptians do to show their anger over the strong performance of former  Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq  in the country's presidential vote? 4) Who is Pablo Gabriele - and why was he in global headlines this "]