["our marsh that.  Governor Jindal  says oil has seeped off the coast of  Louisiana . I thought there'd the for Oklahoma  Louisiana  to join him for his replace what what.  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  isn't focused on ", "other way it would raise a question to replace -- what what. Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal isn't focused on who's in charge He just wants help. We've been frustrated with a distorted -- to date it is too ", "can be cleaned up marshes can't and they make up most of  Louisiana 's coastline. The governor warns his entire could look waits for clean up is one more that more of our marsh that.  Governor Jindal  says oil has seeped as far as ten miles into some of the ", "can be cleaned up marshes can't and they make up most of Louisiana's coastline. The governor warns his entire -- could look like this soon if He doesn't get more help. Now we need more room Morse gamers more vacuums more Jack up barges that are still in short supply and let's be clear. Every day that this -- sits and waits for clean up is one more -- that more of our marsh that. Governor Jindal says oil has seeped as far as ten miles into some of the State's fragile marshlands. -- -- -- We know we've ", 'killed by Isaac. Three in  Louisiana  and one in Mississippi. This workers are on the case in  Louisiana  Mississippi and Arkansas nominee Mitt Romney will join  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  hard hit areas outside New ', "it. At least four people were killed by -- Isaac. Three in Louisiana and one in Mississippi. This woman waded through the destruction in search of a father. Creating your dignity. Would you say yeah. Yeah -- An athletic -- hundreds of thousands today are still without power. With -- 50000 utility workers are on the case in Louisiana Mississippi and Arkansas. Oh yeah he's fed up and running pretty quick you know. -- four gulf states remain under flash flood warning they could see an additional three inches of rain. Later today Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney will join Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal -- hard hit areas outside New Orleans. After causing so much devastation here in the gulf -- now has a chance to ", 'prolific rainmaker. Marching slowly across the Gulf Coast  Louisiana  governor Bobby to handle has declared a state of emergency three to five day period and basically. Barely curse at the  Louisiana  Mississippi Alabama now look at what we call the spaghetti ', '-- from space a prolific rainmaker. Marching slowly across the Gulf Coast Louisiana governor Bobby to handle has declared a state of emergency his main concern flash flooding. Heavy rainfall in combination with. Rising -- ', "that three to five day period and basically. Barely curse at the Louisiana Mississippi Alabama now look at what we call the spaghetti models you're used to seeing these now because. These -- various forecast ", "major Greece for brown pelicans the  Louisiana  State bird are now soaking in outrage among  Louisiana 's residents grows. Shame on a the Coast Guard BP the core from  Louisiana 's  governor Bobby Jindal  is running out of patience. It's ", "There is a new level of anger and frustration right here in Louisiana It's day 35 of this bill and reportedly 65 miles -- Louisiana's coastline is covered in a black rain. -- -- -- -- -- In the -- smash hit the oil has pushed at least twelve miles into the heart of Louisiana's marshes and wetlands. The once pristine breeding grounds for almost 600 species of birds and wildlife are ruined. At least two major -- Greece for brown pelicans the Louisiana State bird are now soaking in -- -- outrage among Louisiana's residents grows. Shame on a shame on him. Shame on the Coast Guard BP the core -- from Louisiana's governor Bobby Jindal is running out of patience. It's we've also been waiting for a decision are dredging are sand -- plan from the US ", "around a chandelier Breton sound we're very concerned about that removing forces there as we speak. For  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  the threat hurricane. even more urgency as he pushes against what he says red tape. Can you believe the ", "we're very concerned about that removing forces there as we speak. For Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal the threat -- hurricane. -- even more urgency as he pushes against what he says -- red tape. Can you believe the ", "resources we need the job done here in  Louisiana . The next day I talk the admiral told the bottom line. The state including  Louisiana  need more. Then their own contingency that's true. Isn't it fair to say that  Louisiana  in addition to the federal government ", 'have the personal the resources we need the job done here in Louisiana . The next day I talk the admiral told me that we would see as significant and prove me different -- in -- ', "are following the contingency plans in the bottom line. The state including Louisiana need more. Then their own contingency plans called for if that's true. Isn't it fair to say that Louisiana in addition to the federal government never really adequately prepared for that. Simple things we look both plans said. Know what's coming ", 'ourselves we finally brought it. Coast Guard captain was in charge of Louisiana were out -- this and National Guard black helicopters showed the oil. On the island showed the scene in the day so ', "running mate  Bobby Jindal . And he Obama Republican  governor Bobby Jindal  and Maryland's with with  governor Jindal . Mitt Romney to question  governor Jindal  is look policies with with  governor Jindal  and that assembly ", "debate to let's get right to it wheezing and as governor. Republican governor Bobby Jindal and Maryland's democratic governor Martin O'Malley thank you both for being with us thank you -- Governor O'Malley let me begin with ", 'rig exploded in the gulf.  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  said the oil is coming ashore now that black oil that  governor Bobby Jindal  was talking about. Has All of the north today  governor Jindal  announced the date been ', "night exactly one month after the oil rig exploded in the gulf. Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal said the oil is coming ashore a significant blanket of heavy oil. In the fragile marshland his exact words the day that we have been fearing is upon us and He said Boras still to come. We have two reporters on the scene tonight beginning with Matt government in the gulf. -- Good evening Diane now that black oil that governor Bobby Jindal was talking about. Has the consistency of pancake batter chocolate -- in fact it can't be so toxic it can -- through -- Hazmat suit and just a couple of days. Now that oil is hitting these marshlands and it's hitting them hard. All of the north today governor Jindal announced the date -- been dreading finally arrived this was the day everybody was worried about -- is concerned about that day ", "rig exploded in the gulf.  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  said the oil is coming ashore now that black oil that  governor Bobby Jindal  was talking about. Has All of the north today  governor Jindal  announced the date they'd ", "night exactly one month after the oil rig exploded in the gulf. Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal said the oil is coming ashore a significant blanket of heavy oil. In the fragile marshland his exact words the day that we have been fearing is upon us and He said Boras still to come -- We have two reporters on the scene tonight beginning with Matt -- -- in the gulf. -- Good evening Diane now that black oil that governor Bobby Jindal was talking about. Has the consistency of pancake batter chocolate -- in fact it can't be so toxic it can burn through -- Hazmat suit and just a couple of days. Now that oil is hitting these marshlands and it's hitting them hard. All of the north today governor Jindal announced the date they'd been dreading -- finally arrived this was the day everybody was worried about -- is concerned about that ", 'rig exploded in the gulf.  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  said the oil is coming ashore now that black oil that  governor Bobby Jindal  was talking about. Has All of the north today  governor Jindal  announced the date been ', "night exactly one month after the oil rig exploded in the gulf. Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal said the oil is coming ashore a significant blanket of heavy oil. In the fragile marshland his exact words the day that we have been fearing is upon us and He said Boras still to come. We have two reporters on the scene tonight beginning with Matt government in the gulf Matt. Good evening -- now that black oil that governor Bobby Jindal was talking about. Has the consistency of pancake batter chocolate -- in fact it can't be so toxic. It can -- through -- Hazmat suit and just a couple of days. Now that oil is hitting these marshlands and it's hitting them hard. All of the north today governor Jindal announced the date -- been dreading -- finally arrived this was the day everybody was worried about -- is concerned about that ", 'Leading the charge  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  and David spent Davis. And Diane  governor Jindal  points right to played off grand isle  Louisiana  precisely what the prevent this. On an  governor Jindal  took us to the wetlands ', "won't wait any longer for the government to act. Leading the charge Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal and David -- spent much of the day with him Davis. And Diane governor Jindal points right to that new number you just reported moments ago up to 60000. Barrels of oil. Shooting up through that well a day and He says to find evidence of that. You need to look no further -- right behind -- here. To Dave played off grand isle Louisiana precisely what the governor of this state had been warning against oil -- much closer seeping into one of the -- soaking the marshes. He says there was plenty of time to prevent this. On an -- governor Jindal took us to the wetlands -- drenched in oil dead crabs floating in its. What you're seeing here today the reason why ", 'Leading the charge  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  and David spent Davis. And Diane  governor Jindal  points right to played grand isle  Louisiana  precisely but the prevent this. On an  governor Jindal  took us to the wetlands ', "won't wait any longer for the government to act. Leading the charge Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal and David -- spent much of the day with him Davis. And Diane governor Jindal points right to that new number you just reported moments ago up to 60000. Barrels of oil. Shooting up through that well a day and He says to find evidence of that. You need to look no further -- right behind us here. To Dave played -- grand isle Louisiana precisely but the governor of this state have been warning against oil know much closer seeping into one of the -- soaking the marshes. He says there was plenty of time to prevent this. On an -- governor Jindal took us to the wetlands -- drenched in oil dead crabs floating in its. What you're seeing here today the reason why ", "Jindal terror.  Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal  rips in the federal At the same time  Louisiana 's frustrated federal government.  Governor Bobby Jindal  flew over Barrett panel appointed by  governor Jindal  himself. Many ", "-- the US and Russia swapping secret agents. Jindal -- -- terror. Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal rips in the federal expert who's right now about what he wants we double check. And Ringo at seven days and we ", "to them promise because of the bad weather. At the same time Louisiana's frustrated governor launched a new salvo today and Ron Clayburg reports on the latest chapter in this duel with the federal government. Governor Bobby Jindal flew over Barrett -- -- today. For another look at the environmentally sensitive coastline where oil -- been encroaching for weeks. It ", "At the same time  Louisiana 's frustrated governor federal government.  Governor Bobby Jindal  flew over Barrett panel appointed by  governor Jindal  himself. Many of booming and stemming and  Louisiana  Diane signed off on ", "to them promised because of the bad weather. At the same time Louisiana's frustrated governor launched a new salvo today and -- Clayburg reports on the latest chapter in this duel with the federal government. Governor Bobby Jindal flew over Barrett -- -- today. For another look at the environmentally sensitive coastline where oil -- been encroaching for weeks. It ", "we will use says mechanism. It's finally  governor Bobby Jindal  of  Louisiana  saying that He is simply not getting. To help angry and will He get the help He needs. A  governor Jindal  wants to build a set of berms are our barrier ", "ensure that they comply and we will use says mechanism. It's finally governor Bobby Jindal of Louisiana saying that He is simply not getting. To help in the resource -- He needs from the federal government its clear that he's angry He says he's willing to go to jail. And start to build these -- on his own to protect the coastline if the government doesn't step in. And help -- is He right to be angry and will He get the help He needs. A governor Jindal wants to build a set of berms are our barrier islands if you well we are looking at that proposal very carefully ", "Reporter: From florida, alabama, mississippi to  louisiana , televisions are plasters with seemingly constant show they've learned from mistakes of the past.  Louisiana governor bobby jindal  will be holding a briefing. Reporter: Traffic ", "about flooding, we're worried about tornadoes. Reporter: From florida, alabama, mississippi to louisiana televisions are plasters with seemingly constant storm updates. Officials are ready to show they've learned from mistakes of the past. Louisiana governor bobby jindal will be holding a briefing. Reporter: Traffic has been backed up for miles where 50,000 people have been ordered to evacuate. Hundreds ", 'trying to reboot, as well. The republicans met this week in charlotte to plot a new strategy going forward.  Louisiana governor bobby jindal  saying the gop needed to stop being the stupid party, and he also said this. The republican party does ', 'met this week in charlotte to plot a new strategy going forward. Louisiana governor bobby jindal saying the gop needed to stop being the stupid party, and he also said this. The republican party does not need to ']