["reporting that  Egypt 's president denies that and the  Muslim Brotherhood  a political party all eyes are on  Egypt  Karen. Hi Dan enter explain  Egypt . And on the brink expected. And his  Muslim Brotherhood  political party ", "with his ABC news digital special report Egyptian television is reporting that Egypt's president -- -- -- Is under arrest but a presidential spokesperson denies that and the Muslim Brotherhood a political party of the president. Is claiming that a military coup he is under way. At this hour more -- Refused ", "-- say more -- hasn't enacted the reforms they expected. And his Muslim Brotherhood political party once too much control young egyptians calling themselves. Yeah started the demonstrations. This young woman told ABC news in the new constitution there's no role -- he said. In the era of more -- -- have no place the anger is also driven by Egypt's decimated economy -- once vital tourism industry struggling without American visitors. The iconic pyramids practically empty. This goes up. -- Americans on ", "violence? Does the  muslim brotherhood  do more radical reach out to the  opposition , to find a broader a do over in  egypt . The first one islamist forces in  egypt . It's interesting right of the  muslim brotherhood . So the hope ", "had essentially dissolved the supreme court, declared his decrees above law in egypt , if a u.S. Presint did that, maybe the chairman would have wanted to do something. I hope we wouldn't have had a coup. But egypt was breaking down in the months before the events. They had gone bankrupt by june and bailed out by international charity. There were efforts to get him to compromise, reach out to the opposition , to find a broader base for governing. He didn't do it. U.S. Used all kinds of intermediaries, most recently cutter, the biggest financial supporter of morsi. He refused that. The view in the white house today is, perhaps naively, is that egypt and the united states get a do over in egypt . The first one didn't go well. Now there's an attempt to do it again. I think the strategy is to try to split the islamist forces in egypt . It's interesting that one of the groups that supported the coup was the more conservative group known as the newer party to the right of the muslim brotherhood . So the hope is that you can pull enough islamists away, give them jobs in the new government. The reason that he will not be prime minister is he's not acceptable to the islamists, and they want them to be part of the group. So then that's the idea, quick elections. I've heard the goal is six to nine months. Pump a lot of money from the gulf, saudi arabia, into egypt and get them rolling again. It's interesting. The moderates, such as they are in egypt , do not consider this a coup. They consider this the military coming to the aid of the people. And one of the problems the administration has had, people i have spoken to, you label it a coup, you have the legal implicat implications, you have to cut off aid, but send the message to moderates that you are once again backing the muslim brotherhood , and the administration has taken a lot of heat over there. I absolutely think you're right. The criticism of the administration is ", 'happened in  Egypt  have been looking do not like  Egypt  teaching accused the  Muslim Brotherhood  which belongs once outlawed  Muslim Brotherhood . Is it going about violent  opposition  to this military For days  Muslim Brotherhood  officials have top square.  Egypt  is bracing ', "working in the shadows for more than eighty years. The once outlawed Muslim Brotherhood . Is it going down without a fight. There's been a lot of very angry rhetoric talk about the brotherhood. Bartering themselves for the sake of democratic legitimacy. And so I think there is -- real fear about violent opposition to this military takeover. For days Muslim Brotherhood officials have warned of bloody repercussions if the military tried to step in. Earlier today a top official said that if -- he were ousted. They would flood the streets with supporters so even as celebrations continue late in tonight on top -- square. Egypt is bracing itself for more bloody violence. -- -- Our thanks to Alex mark court in Cairo. And now we turn to ABC's global affairs anchor Christiane on the court and he joins me now with some valuable context thanks so much for being good to be. Well you -- there in -- tahrir square. As democracy took shape and it's an emotional historic moment and get you can't wants. The events of the last few days and not wonder is democracy failing in the Middle East you know. Egypt is the bedrock of the Middle East what happens in Egypt is likely to happen around that region so everybody is closely watching and of course is -- massively important US ally. It ", 'A major attack in  Egypt  a vital US ally on the brink of civil war soldiers reportedly dead. This is a massive escalation of the tension here in  Egypt  foresees party the  Muslim Brotherhood  has called on its supporters to rise up. Which means there ', 'soldier dead. This is a massive escalation of the tension here in Egypt foresees party the Muslim Brotherhood has called on its supporters to rise up. Which means there could be much more violence in the days ahead. ', 'the growing chaos in  egypt . President obama and reporting on the crisis in  egypt . Reporter: Good evening accusing his party, the  muslim brotherhood , of trying to control for this," a top  muslim brotherhood  official told us and squares across  egypt . They say they want ', "after millions took to the streets against him accusing his party, the muslim brotherhood , of trying to control the country. Tonight one of the brotherhood's biggest foes, former u.N. Nuclear chief mohamed elbaradei was reported to ", 'the head of al qaeda. "I\'m not calling for this," a top muslim brotherhood official told us, "but violence would be an obvious response." Opponents of morsi\'s are calling for mass rallies tomorrow in streets and squares across egypt . They say they want to finalize what they\'re calling this week\'s great victory, raising the tension in an already deeply polarized egypt . ', 'people of  Egypt  into the supporters of the  opposition  are thrilled supporters of the  Muslim Brotherhood  will feel actions in  Egypt  will impact that say the  Muslim Brotherhood  is saying from the  Muslim Brotherhood  did. Was Arab Spring  Egypt  was already ', 'democracy. To bring better democracy or at least. That is with the opposition is claiming Mohammed Morrissey -- it was a close election. What is the democratically elected leader of Egypt and so. Egypt and and United States and other Egyptian allies. In the west that have been touting democracy. Are left in kind of a ', "any day. Selected to be you know the unofficial spokesperson for the opposition . So it is very much expected that he will play -- big -- in the next elections. And an after that I think you know will will have to see. It -- you know they -- Egypt is sort of starting from. The bottom again it's starting from square one now. They did they had you know a process before but obviously there may have been some problems with that process or. You know less than three years later you wouldn't see another turn -- now you know one of the things that US officials continue to say you've heard it from. President Obama you've heard from secretary carrying -- even heard it from. President Bush in his interview with Jon Karl. Is that. They're stressing that Egypt is a new democracy. And that like any new democracy there will be growing -- some smaller some huge. They talk about many US officials talk about how just in the United States' own history there was a hundred years between. The constitution. Being. You know certified and and the civil war in the union coming together -- so. Some of this will be some patience and and that democracy. Takes time in what you're seeing in Egypt are these. Huge growing pains. And what we're getting up from the associated repress is a report that -- excuse that Mohammed ", "a great deal of trust that is put by the people of Egypt into the military. Well as you can see from from the live pictures. The supporters of the opposition are thrilled that the military is coming in. And is providing protection and support and and has taken these actions. I see with the more C supporters obviously they're not going to be very happy. I think what you're going to what world need to watch for in terms of the relationship is how did they handled the protests that are about to have her. How do they can't handle the anger that more C supporters and supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood will feel. Are they going will they handle it in a peaceful manner will they handle it with excessive force I think ", 'we fear of the  Muslim Brotherhood . Known in Arabic organized by the  Muslim Brotherhood  or any other group no organized.  Opposition  there is no has there was an  Egypt  to it is a very several different  opposition  groups and have work. And the  Muslim Brotherhood . Which is the ', "destruction but we don't know what's going replacing. There is no organized. Opposition there is no. Army currently has there was an Egypt to -- it is a very small. Ill trained army there and not an army leadership that -- takeover. So we don't know. You'd like to think that whatever comes his -- and kicked off its hard to imagine anything worse but we really don't know. Indonesian. Military's in control. Hasn't stabilized -- a good thing that. I think it's a good thing for the US if they take enough time before the elections. To really build up several different opposition groups and have a real election if they try to forces. In six months it won't work. And the Muslim Brotherhood . Which is the only real organized party in the country. We'll be very very well if it happens soon -- the election ", "change things once they establish the Islamic state. That's now the leading opposition -- which can't be a good thing from the US that's what ends up being the case under the US -- lines. Well Mubarak wanted to -- -- you want to say they are the support me or the alternative is the Muslim brother so He made that. Actually the case -- -- everybody else allow the Muslim Brotherhood organized as a party and run in the election. So there are no other organize parties. We saw this we knew this ", "fear of the  Muslim Brotherhood . Islamic organized by the  Muslim Brotherhood  or any other organized.  Opposition  there is there was an  Egypt  economy is different  opposition  groups and And the  Muslim Brotherhood . Which is And the  Muslim Brotherhood  says no to the leading  opposition  which can't ", "administration but we don't know what's going replacing. There is no organized. Opposition there is no. Army currently has there was an Egypt economy is a very small. -- trained army there and not an army leadership that can take over. So we don't know. You'd like to think that whatever comes suspenders and kick off its hard to imagine being worse but we really don't know. In each of the military's in control. Has stabilized and is that good thing that. I think it's a good thing for the US if they take enough time before the elections. To really build up several different opposition groups and have a real election if they try to forces. In six months it won't work. And the Muslim Brotherhood . Which is the only real organized party in the country. Will be very very well if it happens soon -- the election ", "change things once they establish the Islamic state. That's now the leading opposition -- which can't be a good thing from the US that's what ends up being the case under the US -- lines. Well Mubarak wanted to scare us. You want to say they -- the support me or the alternative is the Muslim brother. So He made that. Actually the case He outlawed everybody else allow the Muslim Brotherhood organized as a party and run in the election. So there are no other organized parties. We saw this we knew this ", "has happened in  Egypt  have been looking also accused the  Muslim Brotherhood  which belongs once outlawed  Muslim Brotherhood  isn't going about violent  opposition  to this military takeover. For days  Muslim Brotherhood  officials have on top square.  Egypt  is bracing itself ", "working in the shadows for more than eighty years. The once outlawed Muslim Brotherhood isn't going down without a fight. There's been a lot of very angry rhetoric talk about the brotherhood. Mark during themselves for the sake of democratic legitimacy. And so I think there is -- real fear about violent opposition to this military takeover. For days Muslim Brotherhood officials have warned of bloody repercussions if the military tried to step in. Earlier today a top official said that if more -- were ousted. They would flood the streets with supporters so even as celebrations continue late in tonight on top -- square. Egypt is bracing itself for more bloody violence. -- -- Our thanks to Alex mark court in Cairo. And now we turn to ABC's global affairs anchor Christiane on the court and he joins me now with some valuable context thanks so much for being good to be. While -- there in -- tahrir square. As democracy took shape and it's an emotional historic moment and get you can't watch the events of the last few days and not wonder is democracy failing -- the Middle East you know. Egypt is the bedrock of the Middle East what happens in Egypt is likely to happen around that region so everybody's closely watching and of course is -- massively important US ally. It is ", "relationship with  egypt . It is absolutely violence from the  muslim brotherhood . They said dying the integrity of  egypt . This is part this comes an  opposition  that can be a counterweight to the  muslim brotherhood . We'll see ", "united states would have to suspend its aid, its military aid to egypt . That's about $1.3 billion. So, at the heart of this is money. At the heart of this is money. Indeed, what's at stake for the united states? This is a key arab alley. The largest arab country on the heart of the suez canal, through which oil and vessels travel. It's massively influential. One in four arabs in that region live in egypt . We have a very close military relationship with egypt . It is absolutely a key partner. What happens there really does influence the rest of the region. Christiane we heard of the threats of violence from the muslim brotherhood . They said dying for the sake of god is more sublime than anything. What is the danger this could flip into an all-out civil war? With any luck it will not. People are talking about shedding blood, even the military, before they took over, saying they would shed their blood to maintain the integrity of egypt . This is part of what they're saying. We have to see if the military makes good on promising to have new election, rewriting the constitution and how long that will take. And crucially, whether out of this comes an opposition that can be a counterweight to the muslim brotherhood . We'll see what happens. It's very, very problematic that they've arrested so many people, the military and have closed down certain television ", "government.  Egypt 's ambassador spokesman for the  muslim brotherhood . He has a warrant closed down the  muslim brotherhood  television stations leaders of the  muslim brotherhood . What is going role in the new  egypt ? What is going ", "But now to the other breaking story, the crisis in egypt . Both sides are calling for demonstrations ler today after deadly clashes this weekend. There is still confusion over who will be named prime minister in the new military-backed government. Egypt's ambassador to the u.S., mohamed tawfik is joining us next. But first the interview with the spokesman for the muslim brotherhood . He has a warrant out for his arrest, but told byron pitts that even after the violent crackdown, he and his colleagues ", "man can't enjoy democracy. The ones you leave behind can. And now, egypt's ambassador to the u.S. Appointed by president morsi. Thank you for joining us. You heard there from the spokesperson from the muslim brotherhood , they are willing to die for this. They say it's ridiculous that it's not a coup. What is your response? What has happened is that the people of egypt have decided that president morsi did not act during his year in office as president for all egyptians. 22 million egyptians wrote petitions demanding early elections. My advice to the muslim brotherhood is they need to acknowledge the mistakes that they made and they need to join the process. Let us look ahead to the future. There is room for everyone in egypt , but there is no room for violence. There is no room for incitement to hatred and to commit acts of violence. But ", "president morsi's mistakes. We want an inclusive process. This is what the muslim brotherhood needs to understand. They need to look to the future with the rest of egyptians. There's room for everyone. We want a ", "they're really  Egypt 's right now And today a top  Muslim Brotherhood  official said leadership of the  Muslim Brotherhood  which is former for some 300 a  Muslim Brotherhood  members Be sure Alex as you know  Egypt  is such a critical ", "Muslims. Who live out on the country side. And today a top Muslim Brotherhood official said that this military who they're calling -- military coup. Would invite violence in the coming days and tomorrow the Muslim Brotherhood and their allies are planning. Counter protest against the military. That they are calling a Friday of rejection they say they want to keep it peaceful but -- -- so tense here that any small spark. Could set things off. The military has taken over. So what are they doing now to try to clamp down on the violence well -- he appearances it looks like they're trying to decapitate. The leadership of the Muslim Brotherhood which is former president foresees party it also issued arrest warrants for some 300 a Muslim Brotherhood members -- Be sure that the brotherhood won't take this lying down they will come back with some sort of response we get the impression that they're trying to regroup now and waiting to see what their reaction will be. -- Alex as you know Egypt is such a critical country in that region and for the United States a key. Ally in some ways in keeping whatever is left -- stability in the Middle East is there anything the US can do it all -- we just gonna stand by and watch this happen. -- at the very sensitive issue for the US the US has expressed concern they have stayed away from calling it a military coup. Like the Muslim -- -- -- because that has certain implications it would cut off funding to Egypt now Egypt gets one of the biggest amount of funding. From the US second only to Israel they get one point six billion dollars a year one point three of which. Goes the military Egyptian military is going out of its way to make it look like it at that carried out -- -- Today we saw it -- wearing an interim president. He is the top constitutional judge. Here in Egypt but everyone knows where the real power lies and that's with the military. All right Alex stay safe I know you'll be on the story for us all day -- ABC news is gonna have continuing coverage of the crisis in Egypt . On all of our broadcasts and on line. ", "But you also send a message to moderates in  Egypt  figure once again kind of backing the  Muslim Brotherhood  and the administration's taken a lot of dealing for the other side so every faction  Egypt  assumes were working against thumb. And ", "cut off aid. But you also send a message to moderates in Egypt figure once again kind of backing the Muslim Brotherhood and the administration's taken a lot of heat over there. I absolutely think you're right that criticism I have the administration is all too often it seems the President Obama. It's like a black -- player that only -- to places bets once he sees all the other cards on the table. And rather than studied neutrality. The impression egyptians get is that war always double dealing for the other side so every faction -- Egypt assumes were working against thumb. And that ultimately creates an undercurrent of anti Americanism. ", "followers of the  muslim brotherhood . The u.S question, is  egypt  on the brink of called this man --  egypt 's military chief al-sissi. For now  egypt  is looking to the army. The  muslim brotherhood  and its allies ", "We begin tonight with that crises boiling over in egypt . Tonight crowds are once more amassing in cairo's tahrir square, the country's first freely elected president deposed and sits under house arrest, a new interim leader sworn in. Tension is splintering, jup lags on one side, on the other side anger among millions of followers of the muslim brotherhood . The u.S. National security team spent this holiday in the situation room monitoring this important american all lie. The big question, is egypt on the brink of civil war. Alex marquardt has the latest tonight from cairo. Reporter: Good evening, elizabeth. A huge military crackdown is underway here tonight. The crowds here in tahrir square are celebrating the arrest of egypt's first democratic president in 5,000 years. But top aides from his party, the muslim brotherhood , are behind bars. Tonight, egypt is a tinderbox, and morsi's supporters are warning of bloody violence to come. A heart drawn in the sky -- a message from egypt's military to their supporters on the square below. I'm so, so, so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so proud at the same time. Reporter:24 hours after the military deposed a president elected by the people, sources tell abc news he is being held with his family in a presidential guesthouse. Top officials from the muslim brotherhood -- morsi's party -- have also been rounded up. 300 arrest warrants have been issued for their members. Sunday since, clashes between the supporters and opponents have left around 50 people dead. Today, the military installed a new virtually unknown president, egypt's top constitutional judge. Do you know the name of the new president? No Reporter: The past few days have highlighted the army's historic and tremendous power, the strongest institution in the country. Egypt's presidents have all been military men. Its first civilian president, morsi, lasted just a year. In egypt , the military has far more than just the traditional role. They control a huge part of the economy, with estimates up to 40%. They build roads and bridges and have their own brands of olive oil and water. At the core of the u.S.- Egypt friendship are the country's militaries. Egypt receives $1.3 billion a year from the u.S. Washington is hoping that cash can help avoid an all-out civil war. Today, defense secretary hagel called this man -- egypt's military chief general al-sissi. For now egypt is looking to the past, a strong man in control of the country, not the new president but the head of the army. The muslim brotherhood and its allies are calling for protests tomorrow against the military. They're calling it the friday of rejection. They say they want to keep it peaceful but things are so intention here in cairo that anything could set it off. As alex just said, one of the biggest worries is if and how the millions strong muslim brotherhood and supporters will retail yat. Reporter: If the egyptian army thought the muslim brotherhood would take defeat quietly they were mistaken. We walked the streets of cairo today and they are ripe for bloodshed. The muslim brotherhood is far fr from conceiting defeat. We had to go through sever tiers of security. At each o you see piles of ", "islamist group, the  muslim brotherhood . They have arrested nothing for the  egypt  economic crisis his party, the  muslim brotherhood , but trying Fury at the  muslim brotherhood  protest just sworn in. He is  egypt 's top constitutional ", "to shut down morsi's power base. The long outlawed islamist group, the muslim brotherhood . They have arrested morsi, several topf officials and issued arrest warrants for 300 of its members. They're trying to take this country ", "been growing against morsi. Proponents accused him of doing nothing for the egypt economic crisis. Said his party, the muslim brotherhood , but trying to control egyptian life. They were changing us, the way we talk. And the way we're dealing with society. Reporter: ", "made their announcement. Morsi was out. Euphoria on tahrir. Fury at the muslim brotherhood protest just miles away. In an online video released minutes later, morsi lashed out, saying the revolution was stolen. And warning ominously, whoever planned this, he said, wants to spill the blood of the egyptian people. There's still a small celebration going on here in tahrir. They've been firing off some fireworks. Just a short time ago, the new interim president was sworn in. He is egypt's top constitutional judge. The military is trying hard to make sure this doesn't look like a coup. But morsi supporters are saying ", "was a tense day here in  egypt . After the first democratically supporters turned out across  egypt  today. We elected him spiritual head of the  muslim brotherhood , morsi's party, told ripplesques well beyond  egypt . Some two million barrels ", "were killed. Hundreds of thousands of morsi's furious supporters turned out across egypt today. We elected him and we want him back. Morsi is still my president, morsi is still my president. Just this wire that separates hundreds of armed soldiers from these thousands of morrissey supporters. The clerics are trying to keep them calm. Things could change very quickly. The spiritual head of the muslim brotherhood , morsi's party, told supporters to be willing to sacrifice themselves for morsi. People are not going to go. They are surrounding the republican guard's headquarters until the president is handed over to them, and they will take the president back into the presidential palace. Reporter: Neither side is showing signs of backing down and that could have ripplesques well beyond egypt . Some two million barrels of egypt pass through the suez canal every day and the violence there has driven up prices 7% this week, which could soon be ", "region's arabs live in  egypt . The fear is that if barrels passing through  egypt 's suez canal every morsi's group, the  muslim brotherhood , told its members to but the question is can  egypt  go that long without ", "more than 50 were killed and hundreds wounded, almost all supporters of egypt's ousted president mohammed morsi, shot by the army. Both sides blame the other for starting it. 29-year-old mahmoud foud, shot in the leg tells ust the army opened fire as he and others prayed at dawn. It's a dangerous turn, and america knows it. A quarter of the region's arabs live in egypt . The fear is that if millions here give up on democracy, they could turn to extremism, even terror. Where is my vote? Where is his vote? Reporter: Then there's the oil. Those 2 million barrels passing through egypt's suez canal every day. Already the price of oil has jumped 7% in the past week. That could soon be felt at the pump. As the death toll rose today, morsi's group, the muslim brotherhood , told its members to rise up against the army. Tonight new presidential elections were announced six months from now, but the question is can egypt go that long without slipping into chaos. Alex marquardt. Abc news, cairo. ", 'frightening scenes of of  Egypt  tonight. Supporters supporters turned out across  Egypt  today. We elected him spiritual head of the  Muslim Brotherhood  party. Both supporters effects that go well beyond  Egypt  some two million barrels ', "and hundreds of thousands of more -- furious supporters turned out across Egypt today. We elected him. And we want him back. It's being president and this is it. Our wireless. And little guy -- on the ballot no more important thing that the cleric there aren't December. I don't think it's down. The Israelis don't think -- and -- quickly. The spiritual head of the Muslim Brotherhood -- party. Both supporters to be willing to sacrifice themselves. For more see people want I'm gonna go out surrounding Republican -- -- Until that -- and -- know -- to them and they will take government about it but that's about it. Neither side is showing signs of backing down and -- could have ripple effects that go well beyond Egypt some two million barrels of oil -- Egypt . Suez Canal every day and the violence there has driven prices up just 7%. This week which could soon be felt at ", 'civil war in  egypt  today. Seven marquardt is in  egypt  with the latest impose his  muslim brotherhood  values on the rebuild it. The  opposition  is joined by backing the  muslim brotherhood  while the u afraid that  egypt  is on the cusp ', "now fighting each other. Liberal opponents say he's trying to impose his muslim brotherhood values on the country, doing nothing to rebuild it. The opposition is joined by the old enemies, supporters of mubarak. Looking for a better life, more democracy. We don't want the muslim brotherhood . We are not liking morsi, we are going to stay on the streets until he leaves. Reporter: An opposition group called rebellion claims to have 22 million signatures, a quarter of all egyptians, calling for early elections. They cay accused the united states of backing the muslim brotherhood while the u.S. Says they are siding with the opponents. 150 people have been wounded since the protests began on friday, seven "]