["Pope Benedict the XVI gave an emotional farewell today in Vatican City in his last  general audience. The Pope said ``I took this step in full awareness of its gravity and rarity but also with profound serenity of spirit.'' Amy Kellogg reports.", '1100EST -- POTUS makes remarks at the Rosa Parks Statue dedication. US Capitol. LIVE', '1100EST -- VPOTUS delivers remarks to the 2013 Winter-Spring Meeting of the Natl Assoc of Attys Gen on gun violence/gun safety policy. Ritz-Carlton, Washington, DC. LIVE', 'Hundreds of illegal immigrants detainees are being released across the country. Government officials say it\'s because of looming sequester cuts. Republicans are not happy - especially John Boehner who spoke to CBS about it last night.  He was visibly angry just a few hours after he called on Senate dems to get off their "ass."', 'Lots of hearings on gun control today and VP Biden is speaking at 11am on the subject.  Doug McKelway reports.', '1100EST -- VPOTUS delivers remarks to the 2013 Winter-Spring Meeting of the Natl Assoc of Attys Gen on gun violence/gun safety policy. Ritz-Carlton, Washington, DC. LIVE', '1000EST -- Senate Judiciary Cmte holds hearing on the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013 (S. 150), which Sen Feinstein introduced on Jan 24. The bill would make the sale, transfer, importation and manufacturing of military-style assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition feeding devices illegal. LIVE', '1540EST -- House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force chair Mike Thompson will introduce legislation aimed at "helping states keep guns away from criminals and people with a history of dangerous mental illness." CA Atty Gen Kamala Harris and law enforcement officials also participate. LIVE via LiveU', '1000EST -- House Financial Services Cmte holds hearing, "Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy". Fed Chair Bernanke testifies. LIVE', 'The Senate has approved Chuck Hagel as Defense Secretary. He gets sworn in today.', 'Secy of State John Kerry meeting with French officials today. Both sides getting closer to giving more aid to the Syrian opposition as the civil war there drags on.', 'That huge snowstorm that dumped on the plains states is moving east today. Janice Dean and Steve Brown reporting.', "Jodi Arias back on the stand today. It's been a confusing and at times emotional week so far in the murder case against her with prosecution hammering away.", 'The Supreme Court hears arguments today in a challenge to the Voting Rights Act.', "Thursday July 25, 2013 Happening Now - President Obama's Big Economy Push as New Polls Give Pause", "Wednesday July 24, 2013 Happening Now - President Obama's Economy Push; Congress Pushes Back", 'Friday July 12, 2013 Happening Now - Closing Arguments Wrap Up in Zimmerman Murder Trial', 'Wednesday July 17, 2013 Happening Now - Another Vote on Obamacare? NSA Spying Hearings', 'Choose an authorbardiseberteHarris FaulknerJon ScottmaguirespmoRick FolbaumShow Producers', 'Follow Happening NowFollow us on Twitter to get exclusive updates and announcements from the show!']