['Skip to main content: Latino/SBC/Fox Business (Home/Slideshow/Interactive: Fox News/SBC/Latino/Fox Business)', 'Skip to main content: Fox News/Fox Business (Article Page: Fox News/SBC/Latino/Fox Business)', "U.S. Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, speaks during a farm bill congressional field hearing, Monday, July 31, 2006, at Dordt College in Sioux Center, Iowa.  King doesn't shy from controversy, and his views have paid off with praise from conservatives _ and disdain from critics. In his rural, western Iowa congressional district, King remains a popular two-term congressman. (AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall)AP2006", 'Criticism rained down this week on Rep. Steve King, the Iowa Republican who is known for making incendiary comments about immigrants, for his assertion that many undocumented youth are drug mules and should not get be able to legalize their status.', 'In an interview last week with conservative news outlet Newsmax widely distributed on Tuesday, King said that while some undocumented immigrants brought as minors may be exemplary members of U.S. society, more of them work for dangerous Mexican drug cartels that undermine the rule of law.', 'King. who was elected to Congress in 2002, made his comments as the House of Representatives is considering providing a pathway to legalization for some undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as minors by their parents, or who fell out of status when their parents overstayed visas -- commonly known as "DREAMers."', 'The bill, being crafted by Majority Leader Eric Cantor and Rep. Bob Goodlatte, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, both Republicans from Virginia, would be one of several in the House addressing immigration reform.', 'He was swiftly and widely criticized, even from the top Republican in the House.', 'In an interview late Tuesday with Radio Iowa, he said he was only stating the facts about undocumented immigrants who were brought as minors.', 'And he has often said that while he understands the sympathy many have for DREAMers, he will not give in to efforts to sugarcoat a serious concern with sympathetic-sounding stories about well-meaning youngsters.', 'Many immigrant advocacy groups, including those focused on helping DREAMers, said that King, who started a construction company in Iowa in 1975 that his son now runs, perpetuates a mindset common among lawmakers who have a hardline view of foreigners.', 'Sanchez, 22, graduated from St. Thomas University, a Florida college where he was student body president and was named Student of the Year.', 'VIDEO Spain Train Crash: Conductor Traveled Twice The Speed Limit, Killing At Least 80', "Pope Francis' Refusal To Use Popemobile In Brazil Poses Tough Security Challenge", "\t\tSteve Nash's Ex Scores Victory In Child Support War -- But The Real Battle Roars On ... ", "Shakira shows off amazing bikini body just 6 months after Milan and I'm so jealous!"]