['Former US Ambassador to Egypt Frank Wisner on whether Egyptians can move past recent events', "End up back in the United States but you're reading me first -- ambassador -- -- -- -- -- and called the greatest diplomatic this generation by none other than Henry Kissinger so that's something.  That we take quite seriously ambassador with her.  There's a senior State Department diplomat was also the ambassador to Egypt.  As someone whose voice is always listen to yourself we're delighted you're joining us today -- thank you -- me.  Well it always works.  Hey Alan I ask you about -- first.  If the country are familiar words we've negotiated.  With the egyptians you know a lot of the senior political and military leadership was -- a good thing that happens as.  If you -- 2.0.  -- unqualified yes.  Parents -- are important a development.  And it's important not only in and of itself but what it means for the United States.  This.  Is this -- -- The outpouring of sentiment by millions and millions of ordinary Egyptian all walks of life.  Against the imposition.  Of the theological system.  In the form of Muslim broke the rule.  Is a marking the event in the history the Middle East.  For reported -- -- -- said to themselves.  And to the world at large we warned of civil society.  In which our democratic rights can be respected.  Our voices can be heard or religions can be practiced.  And we can grow up in a free democracy.  That's what it's about and it has worked so far the government that's in place.  Is a government of outstanding individuals.  Who have a terrific record for personal integrity political acumen.  Egypt's got a chance it's going to be very tough.  To make it there -- huge obstacles but Egypt is on a good track.  And as deputy secretary bill burns put it the other day a second chance at getting a democracy.  Yes I think listen joy it's all about the economy that the Morrissey government and the Muslim Brotherhood.  Ran into the ditch and to the point where -- -- have massive inflation large scale unemployment particularly youth unemployment and 3% of the Egyptian people have nothing to each other than what the brand -- handed -- as a government subsidy.  If that's the case.  How does that change.  And -- will turn first -- why don't agree with the -- okay.  The main reason egyptians came out on the streets in their minions were not economic.  They were it was a protest against a political in position.  We always think collections solve problems.  In fact collections don't solve problems if elections don't lead to an inclusive.  Balance democratic approaches.  That's what egyptians were seeking.  And economics are really important.  They're going to have to be addressed.  Egypt is not growing its budget deficit is out of control -- foreign exchange reserves.  Or depleted supplies for ordinary citizens.  Will be imperil.  That's got to be addressed but the reason egyptians complained about this government.  Was they were looking.  To be part of a modern progressive society.  And they did not find that was possible.  Under the leadership of the Molson Brothers.  Talk about the relationship between this interim Egyptian government and Sunni Arab oil states Saudi Arabia Kuwait.  United Arab Emirates were very quick to congratulate the -- transition government and to write big checks for the Egyptian government.  Big initial checks and think their rule write some more in the future.  And in fact all Arab states one exception I think it's Tunisia.  Which has a somewhat Muslim brother government in place.  Coalition and place.  Supported the new Egyptian dispensation.  And boy did they do it.  Certainly in the gulf there was no love -- between the Muslim Brothers.  Who question the legitimacy.  Of gulf monarchs -- -- no love lost between them in the gulf states.  But the gulf states want to see a strong -- They want to see in Egypt that is progressive.  And Egypt is committed to maintaining.  Peace in the region and they were.  Did not believe they were going to get that I don't know Muslim Brotherhood government.  So they've come and signed on generously.  And I hope.  That is the week's events we will step forward as well as a nation recognizing.  That if this dispensation who works in -- If there is a new leadership that emerges it's democratic.  And civil society -- Who best can happen for us radical Islam who prove to be -- non viable solution.  -- So really the Egyptian.  Experiment if you LA is really also a referendum on this radical Islam work.  I believe that is the case.  But in order for that case could be made proven.  It has to Egypt is going to need some support and understanding.  Political and economic that's where we have an interest in seeing you succeed.  OK so what does the United States do it right from -- and we should continue the military assistance.  And the assistance we give Egypt this revolution -- in addition.  Well I think first of all I don't argue we should be out embracing them that's maybe the kiss of death.  But what we need to do -- -- very clearly to Egypt's new government we want you to succeed where on your side.  We you can count on our friendship and support.  Around the world second.  At the right time when the economic.  Packages -- together the United States -- to take the same kind of leadership position.  In some losing an international response.  To Egypt's needs provided of course Egypt is laid out sensible plants -- We should also make it absolutely clear that Egypt will be a diplomatic partner.  Of the United States and maintaining.  Peace in the region and looking for peace in the rest of the Middle East and crises like Syria.  He just needs to return to make its own.  Individual contribution is the -- his.  Arab nation needs to be trusted partner of the United States and we should reach I have to trust two. "]