["Thanks there was some Bill O'Reilly in the week as a Bernie segment tonight two interesting media topics American reaction to the British monarchy.  Now the national media's covering -- Obama and the race issue.  Joining us now from North Carolina the Rivera Bernard Goldberg dot com mr.  Goldberg said the race steal first what's the media headline for you.  I think the general headline was that it was -- the highlight of his presidency.  The remarks he made it was a boffo performance.  And David Brooks of the New York Times -- on television.  That it was a symphony I didn't think it was any of those things the media covered accurately what he said.  But they didn't analyze at all what he left out of his speech I have a column and on my website -- precisely that topic what he didn't say.  The president could have said and I think should have said that while racism in America is not yet dead and buried.  In the year 2013.  White racism.  Is the least of the problems.  Plaguing Black America the least of the problems babies having babies is a much bigger problem kids dropping out of high school at alarming rates winding up in poverty.  And too often in prison is a much bigger problem.  But if you listen to the African American -- -- on TV yesterday.  And in the days following the verdict.  You would think that the biggest problem facing young black men in America today.  Is white guys with guns who are out to kill them this would be laughable bill if it wasn't so damn pathetic.  But.  In my opinion the reason this insanity continues.  Is because there's no old bulwark to stop it.  All right so the president gets out there and and you make some decent points and I thought it was perfectly.  This in context for him to do what he did.  But as he said he never gets to the root of the problem -- -- exactly.  So the blacks the black grievance industry doesn't want to get to the root of the problem is bad for business and the white power structures is.  Either afraid or apathetic so that I got a bottle itself it just -- -- Around around around around.  -- -- -- -- -- -- Last week you said they were afraid and you're right and by the way Liberal Democrats may be the worse but conservative Republicans -- not a courageous on this matter.  Either and and from a media point of view.  What can it be nice if you if if if somebody George Stephanopoulos.  David Gregory.  If one of those guys when they had an important black person I've said.  Why do you show more outrage.  Over in the George Zimmerman trial and the verdict then you do over father -- this in America 73%.  You know out of wedlock -- why do you show more outrage.  Over George Zimmerman then you do about the Holocaust of black people killing black people young black men killing young black men.  In in all of our big cities -- just about every weekend.  President Obama has been accused -- of not being the leader.  He's not even old -- on a subject of race where he could be a great leader in 1961.  Martin Luther King spoke at a church in Saint Louis I'm just gonna read you one short sentence.  He said we know there are many things wrong.  In the white world but there are many things wrong in the black world too we can't keep on blaming the white man there are things we must do for ourselves.  If President Obama had -- -- -- those words.  It would have been good for all of America and especially for young black men in America I didn't do it.  On the royals trying to can't get a -- story than that crack me here now.  I am just.  Amazed.  At the amount of people.  You look at -- cable news ratings.  Who you never watch news I mean then -- then I hear everything.  But then when when Dave he -- go wherever they're gonna name on Joe's not there they can't get enough.  And -- I don't news on the babies born.  We constantly gonna say yeah we don't know of these spit up yet.  How does not think I don't think I've been thinking about this all -- at several points first make -- care about this story.  Make me care about the story you can't do it that's number one number two.  You spent time at Harvard so you are really the the other real prince of canter bury this kid is an impostor -- -- -- Number three we have this fascination.  With.  Celebrity -- we're of People Magazine culture and so we don't have a king and queen and prince they do so we latch onto that.  But I think it's a bigger story for women than real man like you and me.  Well I'm not -- not condescending.  To the story I'm just.  A man leaves and that has so much and I think but I think a lot of women have are -- in this because.  They have this fantasy event.  Maybe I could or maybe I could have in the past married a prince myself know how are racist element model however did.  Don't step on the punch -- just got my wife did marry a prince but you know show that's an exception that's an -- Her head and I should've stepped partner on that line up well I have I have the name I know the name of the of the -- -- -- -- Bernie.  Let me let me know.  Friends now Harry still available and now I know a lot of young American women you know.  But I think you're right there's a fantasy element to it did they live a life that nobody can imagine living in and there's nothing wrong when it really -- fascinating.  But.  League -- Bernie Goldberg everybody and a. "]