['New York City: This Fourth of July,  the retail giant Macy\'s will dazzle New Yorkers with a show titled "Ignite the Night." The soundtrack will be a blend of famous boardwalk. (Steve Maciejewski) Chicago: Budget cuts have concentrated the Windy City\'s Fourth of July  celebrations at a single place: the historic Navy Pier, which juts out onto lake Michigan and provides impressive views of the Chicago ', 'defendants for their favorite holidays -- their birthday, the  Fourth of July  -- and then sentences to them to spend that day in prison who was very involved in his community go to jail on the  Fourth of July ." Holbrook estimates that he has given "Holbrook Holidays ', 'maker Ric Burns, who filmed "Into the Deep: America, Whaling & the World," compared the sunny afternoon ceremony to a " Fourth of July  on steroids." He praised Mystic Seaport and its supporters for the five-year, nearly $7 million restoration. "Having ', 'American flag made of hemp over the capitol in Washington on the  Fourth of July . He held the flag during the U.S. House debate in over Blumenauer said. "A hemp flag flown over the Capitol on the  Fourth of July  is a powerful symbol of this reform movement." The figure ', 'month, Motorola ran full-page ads in The New York Times, USA Today and Wall Street Journal teasing the phone before the  4th of July . The phone will be the first that the company has worked on from start to finish since being acquired by Google in August ', 'St. Augustine, Fla.; watched the movies "The Lone Ranger" and "World War Z;" went on bowling excursions; and saw  Fourth of July  fireworks. All television, Internet use, mail and phone calls were screened and logged by deputies who provided security ', "couple's romance first began to emerge as the two were seen on opposite ends of the globe. Clooney was seen celebrating the  Fourth of July  with friends in Lake Como, Italy , while Keibler has been in Los Angeles and New York gearing up for the premiere of her ", "couple's romance first began to emerge as the two were seen on opposite ends of the globe. Clooney was seen celebrating the  Fourth of July  with friends in Lake Como, Italy , while Keibler has been in Los Angeles and New York gearing up for the premiere of her ", "amnesia and didn't know who she was. Amber Glatt, a 22-year-old Valley City State University student, vanished on the  Fourth of July , prompting aerial searches. She contacted her mother five days later from the Grand Canyon. Her mother said Glatt has ", 'reach agreement on what to do about the higher new student loan rates, which kicked in last week as lawmakers spent their  4th of July  recess barbecuing, attending parades, and meeting with constituents in their home states and districts. Stafford loans ', '"ABC World News" Grows Total Viewing Audience Most Week-to-Week; Posting Smallest Gaps with NBC in 5 Years Season-to-Date', 'led the CBS program by its largest Total Viewer margin in more than 3 months - since w/o 3/25/13. Note : Due to the  4th of July  holiday, "ABC World News," "NBC Nightly News" and "CBS Evening News" were coded as specials on Thursday (7/4 ', 'top water towers and the Empire State Building. The Williamsburg Bridge as seen from East River State Park in Brooklyn.  4th of July  Fireworks reflect off the Hudson River. The ABCNews.com newsroom and my first stab at Tiny Planets! Clocks for New York ', 'reach agreement on what to do about the higher new student loan rates, which kicked in last week as lawmakers spent their  4th of July  recess barbecuing, attending parades, and meeting with constituents in their home states and districts. Stafford loans ', "Computer programmer Henrik Nordberg used it while driving around Berkeley, California . Fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg used it while dressing models before her New York runway show last fall . Now, Chris Barrett adds yet another video showcasing Google Glass's recording capabilities: taping", "InStyle's Subira Shaw reveals the three hottest trends for the  Fourth of July  weekend.", 'Hi everybody. I hope you all had a safe and happy  fourth of July  filled with parades and cook outs fireworks apparently We celebrated the white house with a few hundred members the military and ', 'Hi everybody. I hope you all had a safe and happy fourth of July filled with parades and cook outs fireworks apparently -- We celebrated the white house with a few hundred members the military and ', "after being closed from the public because of super storm sandy she has re-opened to visitors. Reporter: You can say this  4th of july  was eight months in the making, after sandy ravaged the little island that lady liberty calls home, forcing the statue's ", "storm sandy she has re-opened to visitors. Reporter: You can say this 4th of july was eight months in the making, after sandy ravaged the little island that lady liberty calls home, forcing the statue's closure. So ", "injured in the madness. Abc's nick watt from the scene on how this happened and late word on the injured. Reporter: Those  4th of july  high spirits, in the blink of an eye, turned to terror. Wow, wow, oh my god. Run, run! Reporter: Fireworks weren't ", "on how this happened and late word on the injured. Reporter: Those 4th of july high spirits, in the blink of an eye, turned to terror. Wow, wow, oh my god. Run, run! Reporter: Fireworks weren't exploding ", "about fireworks on this  4th of july . In particular, back spend $600 million on  4th of july  fireworks. Two-thirds caught. It's not  fourth of july  without fireworks And it's not the  fourth of july  without accidents either ", "conditions out west that have many communities worried about fireworks on this 4th of july . In particular, back yard fireworks and, boy, do americans love their fireworks. Each year we spend $600 million on 4th of july fireworks. Two-thirds of that is spent by individuals on their own back yard dis splaz. It's those that have so many on ", "do you guys know why we celebrate the  fourth of July  why do you celebrate the  fourth of July  and that is that is that it's the ever three presidents actually died on the  fourth of July  Including the principal author of the ", "So do you guys know why we celebrate the fourth of July why do you celebrate the fourth of July and that is that is that it's the -- -- ever country. Because we celebrate our independence independence from one that's two ", "we celebrate did you know that three presidents actually died on the fourth of July -- Including the principal author of the declaration of independence Thomas Jefferson fourth of July is -- of course -- they can't -- fireworks. Both of which are. Made in China I want those Americans -- your mind your hand. Also made in China. So this fourth of July actually attack. Enjoy your independence. From foreign oil just kidding. Happy fourth of July -- I -- I -- you have a situation going on. The situation. -- shows to situation. Sir Elton Brand and. ", 'Now, to the big  fourth of july  celebrations, as people mark the holiday across the country today. But all those crowds mean something else, tightened security ', "Now, to the big fourth of july celebrations, as people mark the holiday across the country today. But all those crowds mean something else, tightened security. Abc's rob nelson "]