["InStyle's Subira Shaw reveals the three hottest trends for the Fourth of July weekend.", 'Hi everybody. I hope you all had a safe and happy  fourth of July  filled with parades and cook outs fireworks apparently We celebrated the white house with a few hundred members the military and ', 'Hi everybody. I hope you all had a safe and happy fourth of July filled with parades and cook outs fireworks apparently -- We celebrated the white house with a few hundred members the military and ', "after being closed from the public because of super storm sandy she has re-opened to visitors. Reporter: You can say this  4th of july  was eight months in the making, after sandy ravaged the little island that lady liberty calls home, forcing the statue's ", "storm sandy she has re-opened to visitors. Reporter: You can say this 4th of july was eight months in the making, after sandy ravaged the little island that lady liberty calls home, forcing the statue's closure. So ", "injured in the madness. Abc's nick watt from the scene on how this happened and late word on the injured. Reporter: Those  4th of july  high spirits, in the blink of an eye, turned to terror. Wow, wow, oh my god. Run, run! Reporter: Fireworks weren't ", "on how this happened and late word on the injured. Reporter: Those 4th of july high spirits, in the blink of an eye, turned to terror. Wow, wow, oh my god. Run, run! Reporter: Fireworks weren't exploding ", "about fireworks on this  4th of july . In particular, back spend $600 million on  4th of july  fireworks. Two-thirds caught. It's not  fourth of july  without fireworks And it's not the  fourth of july  without accidents either ", "conditions out west that have many communities worried about fireworks on this 4th of july . In particular, back yard fireworks and, boy, do americans love their fireworks. Each year we spend $600 million on 4th of july fireworks. Two-thirds of that is spent by individuals on their own back yard dis splaz. It's those that have so many on ", "do you guys know why we celebrate the  fourth of July  why do you celebrate the  fourth of July  and that is that is that it's the ever three presidents actually died on the  fourth of July  Including the principal author of the ", "So do you guys know why we celebrate the fourth of July why do you celebrate the fourth of July and that is that is that it's the -- -- ever country. Because we celebrate our independence independence from one that's two ", "we celebrate did you know that three presidents actually died on the fourth of July -- Including the principal author of the declaration of independence Thomas Jefferson fourth of July is -- of course -- they can't -- fireworks. Both of which are. Made in China I want those Americans -- your mind your hand. Also made in China. So this fourth of July actually attack. Enjoy your independence. From foreign oil just kidding. Happy fourth of July -- I -- I -- you have a situation going on. The situation. -- shows to situation. Sir Elton Brand and. ", 'Now, to the big  fourth of july  celebrations, as people mark the holiday across the country today. But all those crowds mean something else, tightened security ', "Now, to the big fourth of july celebrations, as people mark the holiday across the country today. But all those crowds mean something else, tightened security. Abc's rob nelson ", "Oklahoma boy fell off a float and was accidentally run over by his father's vehicle.", "again we want to thank you and yours for your service Kevin cannot thank you enough and how fitting to be reunited on the  fourth of July  with you little buddy thank you so much for joining us great information businesses. Can't forget it's that was that ", "cannot thank you enough and how fitting to be reunited on the fourth of July -- with you little buddy thank you so much for joining us -- great information businesses. Can't forget it's that was that ", "again we want to thank you and yours for your service Kevin cannot thank you enough and how fitting to be reunited on the  fourth of July  home with you little buddy thank you so much for joining us great information this I can't forget. That was that dot com ", "cannot thank you enough and how fitting to be reunited on the fourth of July -- home with you little buddy thank you so much for joining us -- great information this -- I can't forget. That ", "the George trial. During isolation period the six jurors who went on movie and bowling out its went for managers and soft  fourth of July  fireworks show. According to the sheriff's office they were also allowed to use their phones once checked for voicemails ", "on movie and bowling out its went -- for managers and soft fourth of July fireworks show. According to the sheriff's office they were also allowed to use their phones once -- -- checked for voicemails and ", "of working cheese Italian Easter Island park Jodi Jackson says she found out she'd be jobless via text message. On the  fourth of July  I think it's immoral. I think com. It's us. The tax message from the restaurant's owner said I'm fortunately need ", "says she found out she'd be jobless via text message. On the fourth of July I think it's immoral. I think com. It's -- us. The tax message from the restaurant's owner said I'm fortunately need to ", 'serious condition in the hospital. In simi valley, northwest of los angeles, the so-called fireworks extravaganza,  fourth of july  celebration, turned into disaster. Nearly 10,000 people were packed into the park to watch the display. Then this happened ', 'hospital. In simi valley, northwest of los angeles, the so-called fireworks extravaganza, fourth of july celebration, turned into disaster. Nearly 10,000 people were packed into the park to watch the display. Then this happened. Oh. Oh, my ', 'Talk toyour doctor about nexium. Independence day is upon us. Many relaxing and getting ready for the  4th of july  here in milwaukee, old glory flapping in the background. As we begin this holiday, a popular vacation sport, parasailing is ', 'Independence day is upon us. Many relaxing and getting ready for the 4th of july here in milwaukee, old glory flapping in the background. As we begin this holiday, a popular vacation sport, parasailing is raising new ', 'looking tonight at the statue of liberty, right here in new york harbor. A symbol of freedom but also resilient on this  4th of july . The statue of liberty reopens tomorrow after suffering damage in super storm sandy. We have the story of her triumphant ', 'new york harbor. A symbol of freedom but also resilient on this 4th of july . The statue of liberty reopens tomorrow after suffering damage in super storm sandy. We have the story of her triumphant return. Reporter: ', 'after they poked their hands from the sand, volunteers lined up to protect the stampede from hungry sea birds. Now to the  4th of july  hero who jumped into action. Spotted an escaped convict as a convenience store. The guy in the american flag shirt, recognizing ', 'up to protect the stampede from hungry sea birds. Now to the 4th of july hero who jumped into action. Spotted an escaped convict as a convenience store. The guy in the american flag shirt, recognizing james ', "about the company that staged that. A  fourth of July  fireworks show to the California that being we'll take on Marion. On this  fourth of July  weekend and can you share the name come to love his in this format. The  fourth of July  hero wearing a patriotic captures all ", "We're learning more this morning about the company that staged that. A fourth of July fireworks show to the California that injured dozens of people just a couple of days ago more than thirty people were hurt. ", "eastern this morning course of being we'll take on Marion. On this fourth of July weekend and -- can you share the name one of our founding fathers. You actually warned that the constitutional convention. Richard take ", '-- me Franklin has come to love his in this format. The fourth of July hero wearing a patriotic -- captures all the violent escaped -- on the wrong. At all happen in a flash inside a ', "part of jay's partnership with fanslug, the first 1 million customers to download a special app got a first listen on the  fourth of july . The full album was available to them after the clock struck midnight. One of the tracks was co-produced by a 16-year-old ", 'customers to download a special app got a first listen on the fourth of july . The full album was available to them after the clock struck midnight. One of the tracks was co-produced by a 16-year-old girl. ', 'pyrotechnics displays in the sky high closing at Independence Day with a bank. But in Simi Valley, California last night a  fourth of July  tradition went horribly wrong when onlookers were literally taken back. at close range. Reportedly the platform holding ', 'Day with a bank. But in Simi Valley, California last night a fourth of July tradition went horribly wrong when onlookers were literally taken -- back. -- -- at close range. Reportedly the platform holding the fireworks ']