["of Caqueta, a traditional stronghold of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. The attacks fell on Colombia's  independence day . The rebels, known by their Spanish initials FARC, had sought a cease-fire when peace talks launched in Havana in ", 'wiped away tears in his stage winner\'s news conference. "It was fabulous," he said after winning on his national  independence day . "It\'s a very special day in Colombia. A big party and the whole of Colombia is celebrating." With six miles still ', 'Latin America," the ambassador told reporters when questioned about Sutay after attending a Mass marking Colombia\'s  independence day . "He is a citizen who has nothing to do with Colombia\'s internal conflict." The chief of Colombia\'s anti-kidnapping ', 'Latin America," the ambassador told reporters when questioned about Sutay after attending a Mass marking Colombia\'s  independence day . "He is a citizen who has nothing to do with Colombia\'s internal conflict." The chief of Colombia\'s anti-kidnapping ', 'by +97% in Adults 18-49, while more than doubling the performance in Adults 25-54 (+102%) . Note : Due to the  July 4th holiday , all three programs were coded specials on Thursday and Friday and each telecast was excluded from the averages. The weekly ', 'production costs and uncertain markets due to smoking bans. In Kentucky, the thunderstorms that started two days before  Independence Day  and continued into the weekend caused tobacco plants to wilt and collapse about a month before burley harvest shifts into ', "or piers. They can even attract swimmers because they're a seemingly calm area of water between the waves. Over the  July 4th holiday  week, the severe rip currents mostly were due to winds that blew across the Atlantic Ocean from the right direction ", "Spears. Earlier today he expressed his disappointment on New York's Power 105 The Breakfast Club radio show that a Samsung phone app that was supposed to deliver his new album to one million fans at midnight on  Independence Day  failed to work.", 'A comprehensive immigration overhaul might have sailed through the Senate with a comfortable 68-32 vote before the  Independence Day  recess, but the post-holiday focus is now on the House, which seems reluctant to offer, much less pass, a wide-ranging ', 'Comprehensive immigration overhaul might have sailed through the Senate with a comfortable 68-32 vote before the  Independence Day  recess, but the post-holiday focus is now on the House, which seems reluctant to offer, much less pass, a wide-ranging ', 'particular the U.S. Marshals and Fugitive Task Force, did a great job tracking the defendant and taking her into custody."  Independence Day  was Podgurski\'s last day of freedom as she was arrested in Mexico by the Fugitive Task Force and brought back to the ', 'omission of the reference to God in an ad featuring words from the Declaration of Independence. In the ad, which has an  Independence Day  theme, an actor says, "All men are created equal, that they are endowed with certain unalienable rights: life, liberty ', 'ABC News, "They were smooching and rubbing one another\'s backs. And Katy had her arm around John at one point." On  Independence Day , Perry joined Mayer at Philadelphia\'s Fourth of July Jam, where he performed. Later, next to a shot of the two wearing ', 'third rail. I someone go over on the tracks. Reporter: Army specialist michael menchaca was coming down the escalator  independence day . The guy is laying there, strapped to the wheelchair. You see him jump on the tracks. 20 seconds felt like 30 seconds ', 'the tracks. Reporter: Army specialist michael menchaca was coming down the escalator independence day . The guy is laying there, strapped to the wheelchair. You see him jump on the tracks. 20 seconds felt like 30 seconds. ', 'house with a few hundred members the military and their camps. took a moment amid the festivities to remember what our  Independence Day  is all about. What happened 237 years ago and what it meant to the world. On July 4 1776. The small band of patriots ', 'camps. -- took a moment amid the festivities to remember what our Independence Day is all about. What happened 237 years ago and what it meant to the world. On July 4 1776. The small band ', "years ago there's been absolute jubilation since. President he stepped down 24 hours ago it feels something like our own  Independence Day . Fireworks going off horns blaring they've got these laser pointers. President is still commands a huge level of support ", "he stepped down 24 hours ago it feels something like our own Independence Day . Fireworks going off horns blaring they've got these laser pointers. President -- is still commands a huge level of support among the ", 'Everyone and thanks for joining us on our  Independence Day  holiday when we mark our freedom. And honor the troops were fighting to preserve it as the draw down in Afghanistan the longest ', 'Everyone and thanks for joining us on our Independence Day -- holiday when we mark our freedom. And honor the troops were fighting to preserve it as the draw down in Afghanistan ', "Welcome to alive and happy  Independence Day  weekend to you all this is. The Friday editions we're gonna look back at the best moments from GMA and alive and again we hope ", "Welcome to -- alive and happy Independence Day weekend to you all this is. The Friday editions we're gonna look back at the best moments from GMA and -- alive ", 'continues. Fireworks fiasco. Millions of Americans look forward to the pyrotechnics displays in the sky high closing at  Independence Day  with a bank. But in Simi Valley, California last night a fourth of July tradition went horribly wrong when onlookers ', 'look forward to the pyrotechnics displays in the sky high closing at Independence Day with a bank. But in Simi Valley, California last night a fourth of July tradition went horribly wrong when onlookers were literally ', "iconic. Reporter: Iconic and they found a creative way to take a photo beneath the shadow of this national treasure. It's bigger than life. Reporter: Lady liberty as strong as ever this  independence day . Gio benitez, abc news, new york.", "It's bigger than life. Reporter: Lady liberty as strong as ever this independence day . Gio benitez, abc news, new york. "]