["Welcome to another edition of special report on line on Brett Baer thanks for joining us here in our new location on the fox news live patients it's not -- -- more than three weeks and kind of -- Before we get started a reminder about our new special report on line feature the SR -- polls.  Live interactive tool that allows you the viewers people who are logged in you're not really viewers -- Computer users to weigh in real time.  Share their opinions your opinions on the panel's.  Comments each panelist you can click the S are being pulse link.  Here on the online show page or go to bing dot com slash politics on your browser or mobile device to vote you simply need to -- your gender and political affiliation.  And then you can vote as often as five seconds clicking on a five buttons ranging from strongly agree to strongly disagree.  Will show you graph at the bottom of the screen updating real time results if you've been here before you know how it works if you haven't takes a little time to sign and but you'll be able to see who's peaking in tanking and who's grabbing your attention has fallen flat.  We're breaking down the numbers basically we can break down any number -- -- have you done this before British law.  We can show you where Republicans Democrats agree and disagree and we have this intensity score the most attention grabbing comments of the night.  So click on the link open up your browser.  -- -- -- dot com slash politics again -- mobile device or computer and another window.  And we'll -- started.  -- that let's bring in our panel Steve AB and Charles.  Long -- We had more to say about the economic speech and people are.  Talking about the president's speech sore knee writes in.  Pres Obama trashing.  Sequester.  His idea.  Anyone question mark -- exclamation point question mark.  Going back to the hole there was a line in the speech about the present a -- sequester is horrible.  And -- -- pointed back to it coming from now secretary -- as one of the ideas and you don't say.  Well it was devised as a threat as you know it was just -- -- catapult everyone.  Out of their fear into productivity in cooperation and compromise and it didn't.  And to have the super committee -- and the fiscal cliff negotiations.  Went nowhere and are I really see if you look back at the sequester.  That as sort of a failure.  A big mistake by President Obama who believe that the sky would fall.  Scared everyone into thinking that it might.  And was ready to blame Republicans if it did.  And then I blame.  I mean I sort of so I blame Republicans for -- failure of equal.  Week which was back in December when the Republican conference was asked to go along with speaker Boehner when he came up with something called plan B.  Where he would only cut taxes starting in a million and is very conservative ranks turned on him and said no that they would never ever touch a tax cut of any kind.  And as a result you end up with 450.  If if except a democratic president didn't -- didn't give and people like Democrats says hi Dianne Feinstein from California -- and Chuck Schumer from New York.  And the pressure they're -- to raise it up to 458 could have been down at 250.  And above.  This is an incredible.  Blunder I thought on there -- a congressional Republicans.  Part and then a few months later after all his threats to sequester went through and President Obama -- -- -- face because this guy hasn't fallen.  So we find ourselves sort of had an equal moment as they approached the budget fight of the fall the debt ceiling increase debate.  Which you know everyone's in their corners and as I said it's a -- Lional stand those corners for another eight weeks at least.  -- but you do have some people like John McCain.  And other people who are hawks were focused very much a military spending very warrior sequester me still wanna do it.  I think that effort will fail.  And I think that.  The president Obama's.  Insistence.  In his speech today and elsewhere.  Backed up by his spokesman Jay Carney and on the senate majority Harry Reid that they will never ever be negotiating on the debt ceiling is an absolute.  -- and it's they should just stop saying it because they're going to negotiate on the debt ceiling what they negotiate on is another question but there would be negotiations.  Bing Bada bing.  -- slam one minute ago we should point out the -- is sequestered.  Hit some people and we've covered that.  He's one of them or she's one of them.  I lost 20% of my income.  From this questioner he or she -- saying and I'm guessing he was good thing about it being.  Just yes Charles thoughts about how this is starting to develop as we head towards this debt ceiling fight.  Well it depends where they give correspondent who works -- about a -- And that Casey could be famous -- -- not a 100% sure thank you for the current I was just.  Trying to help out as best I can.  Strange you know you do you do it's online it's really online shows and click next it's just.  Let's get you got a license -- I think that'll be a good -- story.  Particularly.  If they were heading towards that -- that out of that to me I think it does entirely depend on what they that is.  And the Republicans are making a huge mistake if they think as senator cruise and a few others are now arguing.  That the of the debt ceiling or that it.  Continuing resolution their arguments over which ought to be at stake but either -- refusal to pass continuing resolution.  For an argument over them -- debt ceiling in the refusal.  To raise it.  Are are things that Republicans who want to use as a weapon and some of them think the the the return of the quid pro quo should be the repeal of obamacare.  That is utterly impossible there's no way it's gonna happen.  The Democrats will never allow -- is the principal.  Achievement -- -- Obama sees -- of his administration.  He's not gonna liquidated because he's worried about a government shutdown.  And that's the problem would Republicans have learned from -- shut down.  From the threat -- shut down in the past and from.  The debt ceiling debacle in 2011.  Is.  Never make a -- for a threat that you cannot carry out in the end you cannot carry out -- refusal.  To -- raise the debt ceiling and you cannot carry out of threat to shut down the government.  -- tried it in the ninety's and it delayed due to Clinton's reelection among other.  There's this at least from the Republican perspective.  So it unless you ready do and they were Smart Republicans decided.  Early this year when they had to face.  I think it was the continuing.  Resolution a way to keep the government open.  They were able to find a very reasonable.  Consensual demand that the senate ought to pass a budget which you have done.  In about -- five years which everybody would agree you showed in the -- earlier tonight.  That Obama care repeal -- about 53%.  For repeal.  And I think of 40% for keeping you do not threaten the shutdown of the government.  Over an issue which only has -- majorities.  You want to threaten to shut down there should be -- and it has 80% support.  So I hope they're not going to deliver on this -- because if they are challenged.  There will be -- debacle for the Republicans don't have to case.  Steve you talked about this about the president's speech and -- day.  Indian us in this New Jersey independent.  Writes in the phony scandals comment just took the president's credibility to zero in this Indies book.  How does that play do you think you know you look at that poll with independence 25%.  How does that this -- or that attempt to spin.  The scandal situation and what they're saying the fact that that -- thing.  Well I mean you know I wasn't being facetious when I when I was asking what to the White House consider phony -- and miss the real question and I think that you know people at the White House.  And the white house press corps should be asking Jay Carney should be asking of the president.  -- which ones are phony and why -- they -- when the president is actually acknowledged that several of these.  Tom what's called them controversies instead of one called scandals.  I think -- scandals.  They acknowledge the seriousness of these so missile which one which -- we have answers to we don't have answers on.  The IRS we don't have it -- you have more hearings on the Harris we're doing it additionally.  Congress is doing more.  Tape transcribed interviews to get to the bottom of the yes there -- new questions raised in the testimony last week.  The same is true with Ben -- same is true with DOJ not the NSA had put in a slightly different category and you think that that's a controversy rather than.  A scandal but I think the administration has more to explain there as well so I don't regard this -- phony scandals I think most Americans who you know.  Even if they're not following the contours of of every twist and turn of these stories.  Recognizes that these are serious issues and serious problems that deserve serious answers.  While we're talking -- does it for second -- -- you know represented wolf has taken the floor every day for the last six days seven days.  Trying to get answers to questions including the survivors have been Ghazi why have they signed as he says.  Non disclosure agreements and who made -- son I mean we can't actually.  We had talked to any.  Catherine did a piece about a survivor who still want to read but.  You know that's it's just -- part of the story.  Well if she needs to come up -- more information about where he learned.  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- And force -- them and we need to know more about that Tom and of course -- asked the state department for information about who would have asked them who have signed them.  What in -- with that that is really.  Quite an allegation and if it is true the administration really needs to.  Tell.  It.  Asked why they would -- we reported that some of them have signed deals with book.  Publishers and they're not talking for the fact that their books are coming up right all right that's that's a different I mean that's self interest in the -- as opposed to.  What congressman wolf said which is that some of them were asked to sign these as recently as this summer so.  That's very concerning him and I think that.  Again if that I said last week.  Congressman wolf is going out of the Florida because there are no bombshells -- hasn't been a real time and -- -- a dramatic.  -- story and headlines about this is Gregory hicks is testimony about.  -- Over on the house side and so until and unless you have survivors talking to the committee -- we have more people who can shed more light on it.  For congressman wolf is doing what he can to keep it.  To keep alive did not disclose her revolution should -- be true with a classifies as a bombshell in my book.  It is it's not answered yet and we don't know that -- short -- that that happened and it needs.  I answers State Department.  Tell us if that is true or not that's not a hard question -- either yes or no did you ask these people.  To -- -- non disclosure safe and the other thing is even in the absence of a requirement or putting pressure on people.  To sign a nondisclosure agreement.  Why hasn't anybody.  Spoken -- -- -- it is very very strange and we've had a very unusual that.  He came into an ambassador for the first time in three decades.  And nobody at the scene there's -- Gregory hicks but we know there were dozens of others have not spoken as it.  Then none of them wants to speak is that a plausible assumption I don't think -- -- I mean and I think that's a very good point that you write about the State Department the problem minutes to a certain extent when the State Department has been posed yes or no questions.  And the answer them definitively.  It in theory is that they're often not true and that's a real problem we've had this lately with this this question about toward Bristol.  Who was in long -- chain of command.  Thought to have information about what happened that night.  The Pentagon told reporters that he was retired.  What they weren't in a position tentative offer him up for testimony.  And it turned out that in fact he's not retired.  And that he would be available for testimony before August 1 was just simply not true -- they said that there was a mistake and someone misunderstood but.  There's a pattern here and it always goes to this kind of preventing.  Further disclosures it doesn't I don't.  Here's what if they're being or they may be successful.  At doing in that is the further.  We get away yet from this -- if you were news outlets like cars that are covering it.  The easier it is for the cloud to -- -- and people actually forget.  Obviously the families of the four.  -- never forget their relatives and friends and forget.  But people forget and the circumstances the time you have to go through a huge timeline as we have done many times.  It took to get people back up to speed about the big YX can help.  Threaten the basic facts there's so many questions that remain unanswered I was having breakfast with the congressman yesterday.  Talking about these very issues who -- could be of the think Greg hicks encounter with Jason's case it's over in Libya when chief it's -- -- -- was told that he couldn't meet with the congressman's.  And then when -- in fact did go and have this meeting that was the phone call.  That Cheryl Mills Hillary Clinton's chief of staff placed to the reminder that had been assigned to Greg hicks.  And to Greg hicks immediately after that meeting.  -- operating -- for having the audacity to meet with the congressman and provide attention what I'm what happened to that where where reporters asking Cheryl Mills.  That question why did she call I mean.  You know there there seems to be a lack of curiosity on the part of the mainstream media I thought that would turn.  After it was demonstrated precludes the White House hadn't been honest and straightforward about the talking points.  And the involvement of State Department and White House and it didn't turn I was wrong there wasn't cynical enough.  This isn't it after -- excessive.  AB was that suddenly -- There would be a difference attention.  Yes and that was but only for several days.  And it's true it was it was it was dramatic and very.  Upsetting.  At many levels but Steve is right I mean that.  Somehow.  Cheryl Mills works with Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton's managed to get out -- State Department and arms of a torrent -- her new life and Cheryl Mills is not going camping out for house and trying to driver you know.  Yeah followed in the driveway to ask for these questions.  These are all questions will come back to Hillary Clinton she's a candidate for sure.  And there's no way that they won't.  But I've said here I don't think we will ever come back to her in a democratic primary I don't think anyone would ever take -- topic it will be.  And in general election -- -- Cheryl Mills.  Involvement and and Hillary's.  Quiet during that period of many months will be it will be a topic if she wants to run for president state.  It's everyone independents Democrats Republicans agree with the last two minutes on bad guys -- it seems the highest point so far tonight intensity wise.  Americans deserve answers on the serious issues.  -- We're talking about Hillary Clinton there's this new.  Development with -- DHS.  Nominee who.  Apparently it's being alleged and helped get.  Some pieces for Chinese nationals for Hillary Rodham Clinton.  The Rodham brother.  Worked out this Charles and the store that Molly Henneberg it.  He's really get a good -- I was at one level if this is true revenue raiser for an issue of corruption.  Using human connections are one would have as a brother of the secretary of state or the former.  First Lady a powerful.  Family in the democratic establishment.  Using their connections.  To get somebody in the department Homeland Security very I have.  To grant of these that had been done that allegedly had been denied.  And has been -- again on appeal.  But then he minutes apart from all that.  I was impressed in reading about this about the incestuous relationships.  -- there isn't any corruption -- really reality.  The brother of -- Clinton runs if that.  Is bringing in people from the outside who invest in the US.  And somehow they give us they get of these.  From somebody in ice and then there's a connection with Terry McAuliffe was running apparently the only the only.  Company supported by the fun run by the brother.  That Hillary.  And the -- of course is an old hand he's an old Clinton.  Operative is a word I'm looking for.  -- they leave office.  They get rich they were on the company's one guy -- the other this is legal stuff uses opens -- again assuming that.  The allegations on this particular issue aren't quite right.  But just looking you know -- great liberal -- loose what's the phrase you come.  To Washington to do good in the end up doing well.  How long these connections and -- and everybody accepts it as in the normal iPhone app that remarkable.  The easiest.  Punditry that we have at this panel is the question imagine if this had been.  Mitt Romney imagine if this -- been George Bush or his brother or Marvin Bush or something like that Iranians.  Halliburton.  You know that would just been huge absolutely.  I think it.  Anonymous I mean I agree that fit the Rodham Brothers need help and again it just hue which is not the -- involved in this story.  Got help from mr.  Mallorca Spain and men -- many years ago.  And helping to commute the sentence of the son of a downer of and he later said and when when he was.  Trying to.  Get confirmed for his -- job that he regretted got going on behalf if you -- the White House.  For how.  But he still do this again which is interesting because he was mentioned by the Washington Post a week ago.  As one of the people who are providing seamless transition when -- pollen Thomas stepped down.  To HA JD HS secretary said.  The top job and he's of course up for that number two job so it's going to be a problem for him more than it is for Terry McAuliffe Terry McAuliffe is in the fortunate position where.  It's really hard to come over the scandal bigger -- star scientific and Johnny Williams.  -- both conditionality and the governor of Virginia are involved in some I don't know that this is going to be baggage that really -- eastern half down but.  Harm caused them so many times -- something different ways that it's probably going to be hard for Republicans to pick just one example -- I now enter presidential.  Election years from now should Hillary were on that any time.  You've helped the Chinese come and infiltrate this country it makes a very good political commercial and she can expect to see -- -- -- with.  Not great -- them the best thing that can be said about this -- the story which is in its early stages this.  There's no criminal wrongdoing so far.  That's that -- that clearance that we got in the AP story and that the AP that broke the story.  Look at I don't know where this goes but it's clearly a problem those -- and what what Charles said about the way that Washington works this is exactly.  The way Washington works all too often and that's why you know you have.  90% of the country hates Washington -- watches as the country does.  I think if he meant to go back to your question -- about.  You know if this -- the Bush Administration.  I think you can say that anything and everything in this this would have been this and this story would be top.  -- the -- front page New York Times until they got answers the same would most certainly have been true.  About ten capacity.  You remember back to the days before the 2004 election I can't remember if we've talked about -- here.  The New York Times ran for eight consecutive days of big story about the -- cut cop.  -- military depot in Iraq which was supposed to demonstrate the bush administration's lack of oversight on -- These weapons are -- to -- -- a huge story for the New York time it's.  For them.  That's Zetterberg he's going to be there is -- that this isn't a business.  Haven't with colleagues -- think he's planning ahead -- -- right -- in the bag two.  Now -- got the story went away so I believe I -- I believe that after the election the New York Times never -- again about the story was never followed up.  The story completely disappeared.  It was clearly an agenda story but nobody you know that nobody's asked the New York Times to do that here.  Or others.  But just to simply follow the facts it's -- old school of journalism and it's not being done.  It was a remarkable piece the New York Times ombudsman.  I think when he or she retired by the year ago where they gave a critical assessment of the paper and they said for example that it often.  On the news parts of the paper that the editorial.  They going to advocacy in the one example was given.  Was unbelievably excessive coverage of Occupy Wall Street essentially a creation of the New York.  And of course he blew away with the winner wins -- when he got called everybody left.  And went home.  But this was an example of the from you know -- of the times own.  Employee who looks in the -- practices.  And its obvious it's always -- on one side.  It's not random overshooting its always overshooting.  On the side of the last ten you -- -- in the Bush Administration well look how good the post since.  Treated them McConnell scandal in Virginia to real scandal the one that you mentioned.  Them because that that -- to -- and the governor are involved in.  But you know is in an accident it's a Republican governor is there any of that interest will the post be covering the story that we're talking about here.  About the the favors by -- I sky I'm not sure everything's good to see how much or will the times give -- any space and I doubt it will be on the front.  That's real pleasure to -- today.  But the -- the -- I think post reporting on the mcdonalds -- actually been exceptional and an event.  They have gotten scoop after scoop after scoop it's the way that newspapers used to operate -- the newspapers should operate.  But as you say they should operate that way for everybody right and I don't see that kind of zeal when it comes.  To -- New York there's scandals independents and women falling well below 50% on the statement that.  Hillary Rodham Clinton's Brothers have used their connections -- get preferential axis it's not the first time.  I mean there's love for.  Hillary Clinton is there a sense that.  She's definitively running -- we get a sense that she is.  Because she's doing everything that she has to do and their whole circle through university you're going to have to -- To make sure that she can -- that it was said that she would just back off but it would all be set into place because.  He would need to be and they learned some tough lessons last time they want to do things differently.  But making sure that they cut Biden off at the knees early get the security.  Of support.  Implicit or explicit from team Obama.  Having -- -- -- I'd say a few days ago clearly she would you know.  Win if she ran -- and as she ran Biden probably won't in this kind of thing it's Colin means us.  Building the momentum and making sure that she's well positioned.  For Iran and other unedited inevitability didn't really work for laughs no but I think that they feel that they need to be better prepared.  And they -- crowd people I mean I think that's what yeah that's what they're up to you mean you do you remember that -- the Claire McCaskill.  It's what what was supposed to ban -- sort of spontaneous endorsement of Hillary Clinton and Hillary calls her the next day or -- couple days later and thanks her for a spontaneous and and that gets leaked to some and this is all -- -- whatever reason she apologized to the clintons.  Because she was on about -- Frears he's an early -- -- And now we're part of the process easier to go to the woodshed and -- on your knees and I'll tell us -- arrangement but I think the real I think the real tell them not to go back to what we're talking up before.  The real talking and -- -- -- don't think you fight the way that you fight if it's just your legacy.  That the PR battle.  That was waged around on -- on behalf of Hillary Clinton by.  Her top staff.  That the internals from behind the scenes battle Cheryl Mills calling people and threatening retaliation.  If people losing jobs.  I think I think that suggests that suggests to me anyway that they've been looking at this for quite a long time.  -- -- -- In eastern part of our visit to tie it up earlier discussions.  -- -- so that if you wanna get in on the Hillary campaign.  He had donor or worker whenever.  And it obviously doesn't exist yet clothes and placed it goes the McAuliffe campaign in Virginia.  You get in there establish yourself and you -- ready on day one when Hillary declare.  -- -- That's true and Charles -- -- -- to the panel first and Democrats independents GOP men and women all agree that.  When you said the difference in coverage by the new -- times Washington Post between GOP.  And the dams and -- that.  The best.  Last thing.  They haven't done it weeks.  Who jumped the shark.  I'm not gonna explain it would take too much time you've been here before.  You know -- the -- -- so we have -- position I.  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Whatever I'm not gonna do remember the direct quote but whatever his cabinet implication.  That many people coming over the -- are not here to seek.  The freedom and the opportunity of America and the great education in America.  Colleges and universities and and high schools and middle schools but that they are just running around 75 pounds of drugs.  Over their bodies when they cross the border was roundly rejected by his friends on the Republican side of the island house.  And today and he was running down the hall and didn't want to respond to any questions about it and I think he.  Probably wishes he could take it back while.  Get in here to give you more time I don't you think Anthony Weiner jumped the shark this week and perhaps.  Perhaps.  In the whole -- thing we're doing this week it was just revealed.  Now yes but I mean he did the press conference this week where he said.  You know the timing this question about timing and -- that he was pain -- -- answer.  Mean the timing was a year after he resigned and said he was done doing that and it was -- days before.  The People Magazine article that came out with him as the father and husband of the year.  -- I was -- currently bit of exclamation.  Vision YouTube sensation called -- upon somebody men and -- human.  -- sharks attack and now it's shark NATO -- sharks are parts of scifi movie and they need to.  Please explain yeah.  Assad but has utterly clueless on their side -- has this movie.  It's a essentially had a B movie but it got a lot of distraction on social media.  She shark NATO is a real film in the coming up a dead and another one it's an hour and a half about it is -- -- -- Yeah I stand corrected.  Yes there's a -- -- film called Chardonnay and some yeah some shark attack from the sky yes they go through billboards have made it electrical.  Grids and stuff and they.  They blow up.  Thelonious the well Karl Karl Rove has -- Outfit which wanted to do something about a moment here so they'd put down a commercial called hope -- might care.  I'm very.  Pleased that this is about the worst excluding the you know I'm may have noticed our I don't -- -- -- an average guy instead of sharks I would say it's a definitive.  Jumping the shark because it makes no sense without anybody who's seen it is absolutely befuddled.  As I obviously have been throughout this entire.  We -- -- now made in each -- steps on only watching the receiver Terrence.  I think you have.  Enough time now you should happen and I am really -- I mean I'm just sort of thinking about Charles answer more.  Candidate I would say hey be our time who put -- -- high fidelity low.  I think we love it's they're all gone.  Oh yeah yeah yeah I guess I would say Aaronson you're not in the world of politics I would say Ryan -- on.  You know getting getting yelled and it's almost as if with his statement that he realized that he jumped the shark because he's very -- to give up -- on me he had he had me.  -- -- -- -- He jumped the shark and he knew that he jumped.  -- Alright there we -- The highest intensity point of the night.  Was.  There's a lack security curiosity on the part of the mainstream media about -- guys.  -- -- women and independents support sharp.  Sharply dropped during the -- conversation.  There you have it.  OK that's been fun.  We'll see you next Wednesday and control room. "]