['house with a few hundred members the military and their camps. took a moment amid the festivities to remember what our  Independence Day  is all about. What happened 237 years ago and what it meant to the world. On July 4 1776. The small band of patriots ', 'camps. -- took a moment amid the festivities to remember what our Independence Day is all about. What happened 237 years ago and what it meant to the world. On July 4 1776. The small band ', "years ago there's been absolute jubilation since. President he stepped down 24 hours ago it feels something like our own  Independence Day . Fireworks going off horns blaring they've got these laser pointers. President is still commands a huge level of support ", "he stepped down 24 hours ago it feels something like our own Independence Day . Fireworks going off horns blaring they've got these laser pointers. President -- is still commands a huge level of support among the ", 'Everyone and thanks for joining us on our  Independence Day  holiday when we mark our freedom. And honor the troops were fighting to preserve it as the draw down in Afghanistan the longest ', 'Everyone and thanks for joining us on our Independence Day -- holiday when we mark our freedom. And honor the troops were fighting to preserve it as the draw down in Afghanistan ', "Welcome to alive and happy  Independence Day  weekend to you all this is. The Friday editions we're gonna look back at the best moments from GMA and alive and again we hope ", "Welcome to -- alive and happy Independence Day weekend to you all this is. The Friday editions we're gonna look back at the best moments from GMA and -- alive ", 'continues. Fireworks fiasco. Millions of Americans look forward to the pyrotechnics displays in the sky high closing at  Independence Day  with a bank. But in Simi Valley, California last night a fourth of July tradition went horribly wrong when onlookers ', 'look forward to the pyrotechnics displays in the sky high closing at Independence Day with a bank. But in Simi Valley, California last night a fourth of July tradition went horribly wrong when onlookers were literally ', 'Finally tonight on this p  independence day  we would like to introduce you to a retired grandmother who at 76 years old is chasing her dream, her american dream. She may ', 'Finally tonight on this p independence day we would like to introduce you to a retired grandmother who at 76 years old is chasing her dream, her american dream. ', "iconic. Reporter: Iconic and they found a creative way to take a photo beneath the shadow of this national treasure. It's bigger than life. Reporter: Lady liberty as strong as ever this  independence day . Gio benitez, abc news, new york.", "It's bigger than life. Reporter: Lady liberty as strong as ever this independence day . Gio benitez, abc news, new york. ", 'they put pressure cooker bombs in a location where there would be a large crowd on canada, which is like our upcoming  independence day . Al qaeda has been promoting that kind of bomb on the internet as a weapon of choice, elizabeth. Pierre, I imagine ', 'would be a large crowd on canada, which is like our upcoming independence day . Al qaeda has been promoting that kind of bomb on the internet as a weapon of choice, elizabeth. Pierre, I imagine this ', 'Talk toyour doctor about nexium.  Independence day  is upon us. Many relaxing and getting ready for the 4th of july here in milwaukee, old glory flapping in the background. As ', 'Talk toyour doctor about nexium. Independence day is upon us. Many relaxing and getting ready for the 4th of july here in milwaukee, old glory flapping in the background. ', "We begin with new information this morning that one that officials across the country are on guard ahead of this July 4 holiday security is being tightened in major cities this morning. ABC's Pierre Thomas joins us with the new details Pierre. Good morning Amy they've identified no specific threat", "independence from one that's two questions. Never for Wednesday June it's fixed. From Britain. Rock. The July or  Independence Day  it's the the United States adopted the declaration of independence. And thus declaring our independence from the kingdom ", "it's -- -- -- fixed. From Britain. Rock. The -- July or Independence Day it's the -- the United States adopted the declaration of independence. And thus declaring our independence from the kingdom of Great Britain. ", "you hit him with a rocket launcher guy and elected elected I accidentally. If the money and Roland Emmerich and Nathan  Independence Day . Always great movies that people remember you really have a great with Israel. And did all those guns you know I'm ", '-- -- -- -- If the money and Roland Emmerich and Nathan Independence Day . Always great movies that people remember you really have a great -- with Israel. And -- did all those guns you know ', 'down" opens this weekend. It\'s from the director of " independence day ." And it pits channing and jamie foxx, against someone like the big, huge action movies like "die hard" and " independence day ." I saw your first meeting with him and you were totally ', 'hotter. "White house down" opens this weekend. It\'s from the director of " independence day ." And it pits channing and jamie foxx, against someone taking over 1600 pennsylvania avenue. Help is not coming. John, they called an ', 'soldier. I like the big, huge action movies like "die hard" and " independence day ." I saw your first meeting with him and you were totally in. Completely. You got each other. Yeah. U know from meeting ', "with the NYPD. But this is no cruise and this is no ordinary vote. The patrol is all part of unprecedented security for  Independence Day . This year police are especially concerned because of evidence from Osama bin Laden's compound. Revealing his desire ", "no ordinary vote. The patrol is all part of unprecedented security for Independence Day . This year police are especially concerned because of evidence from Osama bin Laden's compound. Revealing his desire to kill Americans on the ", "are there and a live this morning for Good Morning America government. Shut up from the them a better place to dig up  Independence Day  weekend. Then Philadelphia our nation's birthplace in a money sold a of the big exclusive with the founding father getting ", "up from the -- -- them a better place to dig up Independence Day weekend. Then Philadelphia our nation's birthplace in a money sold -- a of the big exclusive -- with the founding father getting ", "26 percent incorrectly answer Marist poll question about America's independence.", 'Welcome back to GMA now everybody and happy fourth of July and as promised Nancy Soriano is here to show us how she tied everything together is beautiful beautiful asked why your picnic I just want to also. Happy focus on end result of the Paper. We lines picnic table with a Paper that I said you']