["BOSTON (AP) - The NHL's general managers agreed Wednesday with a recommendation to broaden the league's definition of illegal hits to the head, likely expanding the ...", "If the Bruins want to steal this Stanley Cup from the Canucks, they're going to have to rip it out of their hands. In the first two games, I didn't think they had th...", 'SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - The Vancouver Canucks have prided themselves on their depth all year as they posted the best record in the regular season and made it through...', 'VANCOUVER -- Canucks coach Alain Vigneault predictably listed injured defenseman Dan Hamhuis as day-to-day, meaning his status for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final on...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - The Vancouver Canucks might have lost more than Game 3 of the Western Conference finals.They might be without two key defensemen for Game 4 o...', 'VANCOUVER, B.C. -- The Canucks had one lineup change prior to Game 2 against Chicago on Friday, but it was a big one.Mikael Samuelsson was a late scratch because he ...', 'Canucks look to overcome loss of key defencemen in playoff series against Sharks', "SAN JOSE, Calif. - The Vancouver Canucks have relied on their depth throughout the regular season and into their post-season run.That key element of the team's succe...", 'BOSTON -- With their first victory of the Stanley Cup finals already secure, the Boston Bruins still scored on their final three shots against Roberto Luongo in Game...', 'BOSTON -- Keith Ballard was the first Canuck on the ice for practice Wednesday morning. Perhaps he was a little excited about drawing into the lineup for Game 4 of t...', 'SAN JOSE, Calif. -- The turnaround between Games 3 and 4 of the Western Conference Finals is quicker than usual with the noon local time start in the Bay Area on Sun...', 'Three games into the 2011 Stanley Cup Final and the Vancouver Canucks have a 2-1 series edge, but the Boston Bruins are coming off a Game 3 victory in which they pra...', 'VANCOUVER, B.C. -- Last summer one of the points of emphasis for Canucks general manager Mike Gillis was to improve his defensive depth.Gillis made a four-player tra...', 'The National Hockey League announced Saturday that there will be no supplemental disciplinary measures against San Jose forward Jamie McGinn, who received a major pe...', "The Boston Bruins got back into the Stanley Cup final with a decisive 8-1 victory over the Vancouver Canucks in Game 3. Here's a report card on the two teams (with p...", 'VANCOUVER - There is anxiety in the air in Vancouver as hockey fans gather in the city for Game 5 of the Stanley Cup final between the Canucks and Boston Bruins .Fan...', 'BOSTON -- In the aftermath of the most lopsided loss in the Stanley Cup Final in 15 years, Vancouver Canucks defenseman Sami Salo was asked about the challenge of ov...', 'VANCOUVER -- It appears there will be one lineup change for the Vancouver Canucks in Game 5, as Alexandre Bolduc looks to be coming out in favor of a more physical p...', 'VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) - Manny Malhotra returned to practice Friday with the Vancouver Canucks , still hoping to play in the Stanley Cup finals less than t...']