['Flight crew leaps into action when sweating, shaking man declares he has explosives.', "into action. Reporter: Last night's air scare started on a 6:30 p.M. Flight from knoxville to denver. A  frontier airlines  plane, with 136 passengers onboard, was making its descent into denver when a man tells a flight attendant that ", 'scare started on a 6:30 p.M. Flight from knoxville to denver. A frontier airlines plane, with 136 passengers onboard, was making its descent into denver when a man tells a flight attendant that he has a ', 'to scotland after someone found te in the bathroom, a bomb onboard. It had a seat number. The other flight on  frontier airlines , a passenger told a flight attendant. The flight crew piling seat cushions on top of the bag, doing anything to ', 'a bomb onboard. It had a seat number. The other flight on frontier airlines , a passenger told a flight attendant. The flight crew piling seat cushions on top of the bag, doing anything to protect passengers. ', "creatures. We'll wait what was that. Sucking the blood out of living creatures know before that. Scrapbooking scrapbooking. Somebody get this free data here. Who will be the next frontier animal. Couples choose  Frontier Airlines  stock", 'free data here. Who will be the next frontier animal. Couples choose Frontier Airlines stock -- ', 'Colorado College Ultimate Frisbee team performed dance during  Frontier Airlines  flight.', "If you're planning on flying  Frontier Airlines  make to carry some cash. The airline plans to start charging some economy customers for carry on bag. We'll have to pay anyone ", "If you're planning on flying Frontier Airlines -- make -- to carry some cash. The airline plans to start charging some economy customers for carry on bag. We'll have ", 'that a dance craze can go too far, the "harlem shake." The faa is pouring over this video. It\'s on board a  frontier airlines  flight. And then, the whole plane. It was a prank started by the colorado college ultimate frisbee team. But ', 'shake." The faa is pouring over this video. It\'s on board a frontier airlines flight. And then, the whole plane. It was a prank started by the colorado college ultimate frisbee team. But the faa says ', 'now closed at a dance craze can go too far the Harlem shake. The FDA is poring over this video clips on board a  Frontier Airlines  flight one person and dancing alone and then the whole playing. It was a prank started by the Colorado College ultimate ', 'shake. The FDA is poring over this video clips on board a Frontier Airlines flight one person and -- -- dancing alone and then the whole playing. It was a prank started by the Colorado College ', "another pilot this one with  Frontier Airlines  he was moments away from taking ABC's Jim model has that story.  Frontier Airlines  flight 1894. From Omaha to plane left. The ground. The  Frontier Airlines  has and as a zero tolerance ", "News of another pilot this one with Frontier Airlines he was moments away from taking the controls of an aircraft with 29 people on board. When an airport bus driver did something surprising. He turned in the pilot for trying to board the plane -- allegedly drunk. ABC's Jim model has that story. Frontier Airlines flight 1894. From Omaha to Milwaukee stuck on the tarmac this morning. The commuter -- held at the gate for two hours ", "They were picked up just before the plane left. The ground. The Frontier Airlines has and as a zero tolerance policy in after investigation we'll take appropriate action against the pilot. Normally in these cases the ", 'out and so quickly realized that there was something going on. Get a second case fighter jets scrambled to track a  Frontier Airlines  plane from Denver to Detroit. Officials later said it was also a false alarm involving a couple that became romantic ', 'going on. Get a second case fighter jets scrambled to track a Frontier Airlines plane from Denver to Detroit. Officials later said it was also a false alarm involving a couple that became romantic in one ', "know little trip racked up over. 540 dollars particularly. Advanced 397. If you actually have been war cash flow  Frontier Airlines  after say a goose hunt. Could that she checked the moves but but wanted to bring the Hitler there's 100 dollar ", "-- particularly. Advanced 397. If you actually have been war cash flow Frontier Airlines after say a goose hunt. Could that she checked the moves but but wanted to bring the Hitler there's 100 dollar -- ", "Before John morris' mother and his sister boarded the Denver bound  Frontier Airlines  flight. They had no idea they would be forced to get off his mother spoke to us via telephone from Dallas. The attendants said ", "Before John morris' mother and his sister boarded the Denver bound Frontier Airlines flight. They had no idea they would be forced to get off his mother spoke to us via telephone from Dallas. The ", 'they bring you the ingredients to make your own Whoopi that is making will be part is rated G not. All right well  Frontier Airlines . Is doing some markdowns for via holiday weekend as well but not many airlines have been fourth of July deals except ', 'be part is rated G not. -- -- -- All right well Frontier Airlines . Is doing some markdowns for via holiday weekend as well -- but not many airlines have been -- fourth of July deals ', "Here's a sampling jetBlue is offering 58 dollar round trip tickets California. 78 dollars on the East Coast yeah.  Frontier Airlines  has fares as low as 98 dollars round trip between Denver and the West Coast. And under 200 bucks air Trammell fly ", 'trip tickets -- -- California. 78 dollars on the East Coast yeah. Frontier Airlines has fares as low as 98 dollars round trip between Denver and the West Coast. And under 200 bucks air Trammell fly ', 'million dollars eats. Southwest Airlines is looking to expand the low cost carrier has submitted a bid for bankrupt  Frontier Airlines . A deal would strengthen southwest in Denver and help to move in the markets such as Atlanta and resort areas in ', 'to expand the low cost carrier has submitted a bid for bankrupt Frontier Airlines . A deal would strengthen southwest in Denver and help to move -- in the markets such as Atlanta and resort areas in ', "now doing what it can to calm passengers frayed patience. Another airline has declared bankruptcy this time it's  Frontier Airlines  that seeking protection. The low fare carrier filed overnight in an attempt to stop its main credit card processor ", "calm passengers frayed patience. Another airline has declared bankruptcy this time it's Frontier Airlines that seeking protection. The low fare carrier filed overnight in an attempt to stop its main credit card processor from -- holding ", "could cost of structural damage and in and flooding. And is there more chaos expected for weekend travelers staff at  Frontier Airlines  have been working nonstop all week getting ready for today. They're bringing in extra staff to handle panicked ", "is there more chaos expected for weekend travelers -- -- staff at Frontier Airlines have been working nonstop all week getting ready for today. They're bringing in extra staff to handle panicked passengers all while looking ", 'the top spot from low cost airlines but the carrier did see dropped its overall school. Compared to last year.  Frontier Airlines  came in second place in south west third. AirTran scored last in customer satisfaction for the low cost carriers ', 'carrier did see dropped its -- overall school. Compared to last year. Frontier Airlines came in second place in south west third. AirTran scored last in customer satisfaction for the low cost carriers but -- -- ']