["After a dreary Thursday morning, drier weather will aid recovery and cleanup efforts for what has been deemed Spain's deadliest train accident in decades.At least 77 people are dead and 141 injured after a train traveling from Madrid to El Ferrol crashed on a curve outside of Santiago de Compostela, in far northwestern Spain.Investigators are now trying to determine why the trail derailed at 8:41 p.m. CEST (2:41 p.m. EDT) Wednesday and sent eight railroad cars crashing into each other, according to the Associated Press.While dry weather and no obstruction to visibility was reported at the nearby Santiago de Compostela Airport at 8:30 p.m. CEST Wednesday, drizzle was dampening the airport and visibility lowered to 2.8 km (1.75 miles) at 9:00 p.m.Another round of drizzle followed late Thursday morning as recovery and cleanup efforts continued.Cranes were brought to the scene Thursday morning to lift the railroad cars off the tracks after rescue workers spent Wednesday night searching through the wreckage.The dreary start to Thursday will be followed by the return of some sunshine and drier weather for the afternoon. The dry conditions will persist through Friday before a spotty shower returns for Saturday.Temperatures both Thursday and Friday will rise to around 22-23 degrees C (lower 70s F).A total of 218 passengers were aboard the Alvia 730 series train when it derailed Wednesday night.The Associated Press reports that the crash was Spain's deadliest train accident since 1972, when 86 people died and 112 were injured when a train collided with a bus in southwestern Spain.A terrorist attack has been ruled out as the cause of Wednesday evening's derailment.", '\t  \t\tLa. flood board sues oil companies over loss of coastal land crucial to hurricane protection', 'A tornado tore through Allegheny County in New York, doing tremendous damage to the forest.', 'A heat wave continued in Los Angeles, California.  The highest temperature during this particular heat wave was 109 degrees. The temperature hit 103 on the 24th and 100 on the 25th.', 'The "Andrea Doria" and "Stockholm" collided off the coast of New England while in dense fog.  52 people were killed.', 'Severe thunderstorms dumped large quantities of hail on sections on South Dakota.  Hail 1.25 inches in diameter fell for 85 minutes near Miller and Huron, piling up to a depth of two feet.  Hail also piled up to two feet deep at Black Hawk and northern Rapid City.', "16 cities in the eastern U.S. reported record high temperatures for the date.  Beckley, West Virginia equaled its all-time record high of 91 degrees, which was established the previous day.  It marked the city's fourth straight day of 90 degree temperatures after reaching 90 degrees just 2 times in the previous 25 years of records."]