["Lower oil and  gas prices  weighed heavily on second-quarter earnings at Norway's Statoil, even though production levels were more or less unchanged ", 'Environmental Resources Science Cente r in Colorado, tells ABC News. "They can determine prices. It\'s like an oil cartel."  GAS PRICES  AVERAGE $3.68 A GALLON Analysis by USGS, however, has determined that the U.S. is sitting on a potential rare earth ', 'time last year but still below the all-time daily high of $4.11 a gallon on July 17, 2008. The association says retail  gas prices  are likely to rise more in the coming weeks. Unscheduled refinery shutdowns or hurricanes on the U.S. Gulf Coast could ', "North America. Halliburton's growth has slowed sharply in the last four quarters, but it hopes that higher U.S. natural  gas prices  will help it boost revenue again. The Houston company reported a setback in its effort to put the Gulf of Mexico oil spill ", 'time last year but still below the all-time daily high of $4.11 a gallon on July 17, 2008. The association says retail  gas prices  are likely to rise more in the coming weeks. Unscheduled refinery shutdowns or hurricanes on the U.S. Gulf Coast could ', 'another drop in supplies. Falling supplies have helped propel the price of oil to a 16-month high this month, boosting  gasoline prices  as well. A survey by Platts, the energy information arm of McGraw-Hill Cos., shows analysts expect a decline in crude ', 'straight months of double digit gains over the previous year."  Gas prices  are on the rise with the cost in most states at a five-year disconnect will disconnect, frankly I think we will see lower  gasoline prices  in the last 100 days of the year." A big bounce for precious ', 'and direct feeds from 120,000 stations a day. Michael Green, spokesman for AAA, said there are three factors driving up  gas prices : the high cost of oil, rising demand as more people hit the roads for summer travel, and tightening supplies due to refinery ', "American motorists are bracing for further increases in  gas prices . Last week the US Energy Department reported a sharp increase now at their highest price in 16 months. AAA says retail  gas prices  are likely to rise more in the coming weeks. Hasbro's second-quarter ", 'time last year but still below the all-time daily high of $4.11 a gallon on July 17, 2008. The association says retail  gas prices  are likely to rise more in the coming weeks. Unscheduled refinery shutdowns or hurricanes on the U.S. Gulf Coast could ', "up economy. Oil futures hit $108 a barrel this morning - that's a 16-month high. The recent rise has led to higher  gasoline prices  for motorists. Oil has jumped 12 percent this month and one reason for the rise is signs of a stronger economy, which ", "cars for the foreseeable future, they've gotten used to  gas prices  around $3.55 per gallon, and he expects short-term interest gains for the quarter. Jackson said consumers may not like  gas prices  around $3.55 per gallon, but they are getting used to ", "tonight about the summer's double whammy  gas prices  on the rise today jumping to an average just to fill up her tank today. Just as  gas prices  are soaring, so are home cooling costs electric bill may return to normal shortly,  gas prices  are expected to climb another 5 to 15 ", "zee, abc news. We have news tonight about the summer's double whammy gas prices on the rise today jumping to an average of $3.68 for a gallon of regular up five cents from a week ago. ", 'more than $100 just to fill up her tank today. Just as gas prices are soaring, so are home cooling costs. We have to have all the lights off during the day, try to keep as many of the lights off as night and try to only run one window unit of like the three or four that we have. Reporter: The intense heat we\'ve across the nation causing many to crank the ac, power companies telling us tonight home cooling accounts for more than 50 percent of your electric bills. Be prepared for a jump in july\'s bill. While your electric bill may return to normal shortly, gas prices are expected to climb another 5 to 15 cents in coming weeks. Even then we\'re not out of the woods. Hurricane season is right around the corner, bad weather in the golf frequently leads to price spikes. Experts say it could be late september, even early october before you see gas prices ease. Those are gas prices but electrical bills should come down soon? You should be back to normal as the weather moderates. Still ahead an "world news," ', "road hoping the temperatures and the  gas prices , too, would come down. Tonight, the behind it. Reporter: From pump to pump,  gas prices  delivering a sting and pinching pocketbooks question on everyone's mind, where are  gas prices  going? They could continue to rise ", "home. Millions of americans on the road hoping the temperatures and the gas prices , too, would come down. Tonight, the average price of a gallon of gas is $3.67. Up 18 cents since the beginning of the month. Across much of the country, it's closer to $4 a gallon. The most expensive summer at the pump in years. Abc's susan saulny tonight on what's behind it. Reporter: From pump to pump, gas prices delivering a sting and pinching pocketbooks. I couldn't fill up my full tank today. Reporter: How much gas did you get? I ", "32 cents. Ohio, 35 cents. The question on everyone's mind, where are gas prices going? They could continue to rise. Reporter: And all this despite america making domestic oil at a record pace. One problem? A shortage of pipelines to move all that oil to consumers. When might drivers start to feel some relief? Gas prices drop in the fall, so unfortunately, not anytime soon. ", "Thousand to surging  gas prices . On track to be the most expensive during the summer in five years the country. How much higher? The experts tell us we could see  gas prices  climb another 5 to 15 cents this summer. What's causing the ", 'Thousand to surging gas prices . On track to be the most expensive during the summer in five years. The national average this morning now $3.67, up 6 ', "the country. How much higher? The experts tell us we could see gas prices climb another 5 to 15 cents this summer. What's causing the uptick? Well, typically at this time of the year if you ", 'the  gas prices  are skyrocketing, too. 15 cents in betty liu. Great to have you here.  Gas prices  are surging. And the average price of the economy? If you see the spike in  gas prices , immediately you can see an impact ', "the gas prices are skyrocketing, too. 15 cents in the last week. You see it more than 20 cents over the last year. For everyone who drives and the economy, let's bring our newest contributor, betty liu. Great to have you here. Gas prices are surging. And the average price of gas right now is $3.64 a gallon. In some cities, we're talking about $4 and ", "long enough to hurt the economy? If you see the spike in gas prices , immediately you can see an impact. Economists are telling me in two to three months, that's when the sticker shock will really ", "and then possibly florida. A summer surprise on the way fo the family driver.  Gas prices  are about to spike, how high how long will it last? Reporter:  Gas prices  are heading higher. The reason, the pumps have risen in the last week and they're ", "possibly florida. A summer surprise on the way fo the family driver. Gas prices are about to spike, how high how long will it last? Reporter: Gas prices are heading higher. The reason, the pumps have risen in the last week and they're ready to pass it onto consumers. Already ", 'actually talk about  gas prices  and all present just prices have shot up  gas prices  though down three cents oil is a big part of  gasoline prices  but there are other tends to push prices  gas prices  up. Sometimes more ', 'right well you know one of the things actually -- talk about gas prices and all present just a minute. Our earnings season those obviously underwent investors -- -- the united -- how companies are doing ', "is a bit of a conundrum because oil prices have shot up gas prices though -- down three cents an average. Explain -- of this. Inverse relationship. We'll just -- Will follow oil prices up but there's big east to two things do not move in tandem as much as they used to perhaps. -- oil is a big part of gasoline prices but there are other factors too. One factor is refining capacity here in United States you have to. Refine oil into gasoline. And that process sometimes sometimes there that processes that capacity is completely -- also those refineries and a 100% that tends to push prices gas prices up. Sometimes more than oil prices. And other times. -- the supply of gasoline. Is better than the supply of oil coming in and I think that may be -- case now but -- -- going to -- probably going to see oil prices excuse me gas prices follow oil prices. Up that -- is that isn't necessarily going to last -- waste oil prices have gone up because of concerns over stability in Egypt which is where the Suez Canal is a lot of oil travels through there. There's no evidence that there's any danger to oil shipments through the Suez Canal so there's reason to think oil prices may drift back down. By by that point gas prices may have spiked. And then they'll take a longer time to come down an oil prices but maybe by the end of "]