['People are spending even more on energy costs because of the heat wave and high gas prices.', "road hoping the temperatures and the  gas prices , too, would come down. Tonight, the behind it. Reporter: From pump to pump,  gas prices  delivering a sting and pinching pocketbooks question on everyone's mind, where are  gas prices  going? They could continue to rise ", "home. Millions of americans on the road hoping the temperatures and the gas prices , too, would come down. Tonight, the average price of a gallon of gas is $3.67. Up 18 cents since the beginning of the month. Across much of the country, it's closer to $4 a gallon. The most expensive summer at the pump in years. Abc's susan saulny tonight on what's behind it. Reporter: From pump to pump, gas prices delivering a sting and pinching pocketbooks. I couldn't fill up my full tank today. Reporter: How much gas did you get? I ", "32 cents. Ohio, 35 cents. The question on everyone's mind, where are gas prices going? They could continue to rise. Reporter: And all this despite america making domestic oil at a record pace. One problem? A shortage of pipelines to move all that oil to consumers. When might drivers start to feel some relief? Gas prices drop in the fall, so unfortunately, not anytime soon. ", "Thousand to surging  gas prices . On track to be the most expensive during the summer in five years the country. How much higher? The experts tell us we could see  gas prices  climb another 5 to 15 cents this summer. What's causing the ", 'Thousand to surging gas prices . On track to be the most expensive during the summer in five years. The national average this morning now $3.67, up 6 ', "the country. How much higher? The experts tell us we could see gas prices climb another 5 to 15 cents this summer. What's causing the uptick? Well, typically at this time of the year if you ", 'the  gas prices  are skyrocketing, too. 15 cents in betty liu. Great to have you here.  Gas prices  are surging. And the average price of the economy? If you see the spike in  gas prices , immediately you can see an impact ', "the gas prices are skyrocketing, too. 15 cents in the last week. You see it more than 20 cents over the last year. For everyone who drives and the economy, let's bring our newest contributor, betty liu. Great to have you here. Gas prices are surging. And the average price of gas right now is $3.64 a gallon. In some cities, we're talking about $4 and ", "long enough to hurt the economy? If you see the spike in gas prices , immediately you can see an impact. Economists are telling me in two to three months, that's when the sticker shock will really ", "and then possibly florida. A summer surprise on the way fo the family driver.  Gas prices  are about to spike, how high how long will it last? Reporter:  Gas prices  are heading higher. The reason, the pumps have risen in the last week and they're ", "possibly florida. A summer surprise on the way fo the family driver. Gas prices are about to spike, how high how long will it last? Reporter: Gas prices are heading higher. The reason, the pumps have risen in the last week and they're ready to pass it onto consumers. Already ", 'actually talk about  gas prices  and all present just prices have shot up  gas prices  though down three cents oil is a big part of  gasoline prices  but there are other tends to push prices  gas prices  up. Sometimes more ', 'right well you know one of the things actually -- talk about gas prices and all present just a minute. Our earnings season those obviously underwent investors -- -- the united -- how companies are doing ', "is a bit of a conundrum because oil prices have shot up gas prices though -- down three cents an average. Explain -- of this. Inverse relationship. We'll just -- Will follow oil prices up but there's big east to two things do not move in tandem as much as they used to perhaps. -- oil is a big part of gasoline prices but there are other factors too. One factor is refining capacity here in United States you have to. Refine oil into gasoline. And that process sometimes sometimes there that processes that capacity is completely -- also those refineries and a 100% that tends to push prices gas prices up. Sometimes more than oil prices. And other times. -- the supply of gasoline. Is better than the supply of oil coming in and I think that may be -- case now but -- -- going to -- probably going to see oil prices excuse me gas prices follow oil prices. Up that -- is that isn't necessarily going to last -- waste oil prices have gone up because of concerns over stability in Egypt which is where the Suez Canal is a lot of oil travels through there. There's no evidence that there's any danger to oil shipments through the Suez Canal so there's reason to think oil prices may drift back down. By by that point gas prices may have spiked. And then they'll take a longer time to come down an oil prices but maybe by the end of ", "A new warning about  gas prices  are about to jump even higher because of what is happening overseas. Abc's rebecca jarvis is here with those unfortunate details ", "A new warning about gas prices are about to jump even higher because of what is happening overseas. Abc's rebecca jarvis is here with those unfortunate details. Reporter: ", "the new headlines this morning involving mortgage rates and  gas prices ? I want to bring in betty lou, our newest contributor increase. And you're going to follow the headline about  gas prices  for us, too. Up 20 cents in the last 2 weeks. That's ", "But what's with the new headlines this morning involving mortgage rates and gas prices ? I want to bring in betty lou, our newest contributor. Thank you for being with us. If you were lucky to have ", "to continue to increase. And you're going to follow the headline about gas prices for us, too. Up 20 cents in the last 2 weeks. That's right. Betty liu, thanks for being with us. Now, to ", "seen violence. In the in the Sinai Peninsula that has driven oil prices up. Is beginning incidents and to creep into. Into  gas prices  and that's something that we revision that we and then of course oil traders and and anybody who's driving a car to watch ", "driven oil prices up. Is beginning incidents and to creep into. Into gas prices and that's something that we revision that we and then of course oil traders and and anybody who's driving a car to ", 'called for mass rallies tomorrow here in here and elsewhere. Little sign that any of the sides are looking for a compromise Dioner. So many people here in the states wondering what effect this turmoil will have all on  gas prices  oil prices.', 'the states wondering what effect this turmoil will have -- all on gas prices -- oil prices. ', 'are looking for a compromise Dioner. So many people here in the states wondering what effect this turmoil have at all on  gas prices  of oil prices all right Alex thanks to you and saying oversees all eyes are on snowed in right now the NSA is on the run and ', 'the states wondering what effect this turmoil -- have at all on gas prices of oil prices all right Alex thanks to you and saying oversees all eyes are on -- snowed in right now the ', 'For 32 straight days now,  gasoline prices  have soared, now a four-month The big fear is that rising  gas prices  threaten a fragile economic recovery more more quickly than rising  gasoline prices . Reporter: The price tracker ', 'Movie night. Things like that. Reporter: The big fear is that rising gas prices threaten a fragile economic recovery. If we hit $4 a gallon on regular unleaded across the country, that could do a lot of damage. Nothing hurts more more quickly than rising gasoline prices . Reporter: The price tracker th at gasbuddy.Com predicts gas will reach $3.75 to $4.05 by april. As the pearsons shop for their ', "today you felt it.  Gas prices  averaging three dollars how much higher were  gasoline prices  go we said ABC Cecilia premium gas don't see  gas prices  spike until May and day. With the highest  gas .  Prices  ever seen this time ", "away and if you filled up your tank today you felt it. Gas prices -- -- averaging three dollars and 56 cents a gallon than ever before this high this early in the year. And the blame lies squarely with Iran which angrily cut off oil experts to Britain and France and is causing a spasm in the markets. Causing oil prices to rise. So what happens next how much higher were gasoline prices go we said ABC Cecilia Vega. In search of some answers good evening Cecilia. Well Diane this is hitting drivers squarely in their wallets and it's hitting much earlier than usual take a look at this -- -- here at the station in Los Angeles. Are paying more than five dollars a gallon for premium gas -- don't see gas prices spike until May and June just before drivers hit the road for their summer vacation. Boats on the clothing books fifty but tentative -- thank you spend more getting to where they need they'll actually getting paid. What -- -- to celebrate presidents' day. With the highest gas . Prices ever seen this time of year. There rising at record speed to you up 25 cents from just a month ago last ", 'interview. Skyrocketing  gas prices  and those huge oil profits some blame for high  gas prices . And they go any higher probably win. Out of  gas prices  were five or six dollars constituents skyrocketing  gasoline prices  have emerged as perhaps ', 'turf in Ohio and our Jon Karl got an exclusive interview. Skyrocketing gas prices and those huge oil profits have even caught the attention of speaker of the house John Boehner -- a long -- supporter ', "furniture. We -- also said the president share some blame for high gas prices . And -- they go any higher cycle cost him his reelection this -- -- Because He had better -- it. The people feel better about government run health they're probably win. Out of gas prices were five or six dollars it certainly -- -- -- For the speaker's own constituents skyrocketing gasoline prices have emerged as perhaps it beat top concern. The owner of this small business in Greenville Ohio told us that mounting fuel ", "insane. If you've noticed that  gas prices  are high in your area. You're the Energy Department reporting  gas prices  are the highest they've ever it's not even summer time for  gasoline prices  are typically at their", "-- 75 dollars to -- -- it's insane. If you've noticed that gas prices are high in your area. You're not alone. This should be the lowest the time of the year for prices might fear is with spring coming. It could only get worse the Energy Department reporting gas prices are the highest they've ever -- during the month of February the national average price of a gallon of unleaded is now ", 'wake-up call for drivers. We just learned that  gas prices  have skyrocketed. Biggest jump. Hitting a record for this time of year. And cecilia vega is here to explain why. Good morning ', 'wake-up call for drivers. We just learned that gas prices have skyrocketed. Biggest jump. Hitting a record for this time of year. And cecilia vega is here to explain why. Good morning, ', 'for November  gasoline prices  the government numbers this week  gas prices  usually spike Skyrocketing  gas prices  are affecting These very high  gasoline prices  are coming in Americans high  gas prices  are not only ', "Expect another new record for November gasoline prices -- the government releases the latest numbers this week gas prices usually spike in the summer take a look at last year's price chart. You can see in this post -- go down ", "Americans are changing their everyday routine in the face of rapidly rising gas prices . Filling up his minivan -- -- Martinez a mega fortune. This month contracting 530 piazza receipts to prove it I just can't believe it's gone from 260 dollars to or 500 dollars a month it's -- it's doubled. Skyrocketing gas prices are affecting this Phoenix area father of five across the board -- -- grocery shopping is scaled back to the basics. -- ", "Juan Martinez is terrified to look at. And for some Americans high gas prices are not only affecting their wallets they're affecting their health as well. That report that some people are forgoing routine visit to ", 'strengthen the economy fast tight  gasoline prices  are heading down. And how it Lindsay. Good evening  gas prices  at this gas station have in the last week and lower  gas prices  are pretty much act the same in response these falling  gas prices . It just might help calm ', "hoping for something to help strengthen the economy fast -- -- tight gasoline prices are heading down. And how much of whopping fifty cents a gallon over the next month. Following a big drop in oil prices will leading analyst told world news today. That this means the average family in America will save more than seventy dollars a month at the pump. And that will pump 45 billion dollars into the economy just what we need it most. ABC's Lindsay davis' where the prices are already starting to fall tell us about it Lindsay. Good evening -- gas prices at this gas station have dropped twelve cents just in the last week and lower gas prices are pretty much act the same way that an instant tax cut what. They put more money into your pocket and at ", 'Points in. Consumers really do start to spend in response these falling gas prices . It just might help calm volatility in the markets in the coming weeks -- that is good to hear thank you Lindsey ', "Gas prices  headed for the new high and what's commuters across the country soaring  gas prices  that seemed to have nowhere to go but kind of pressure could keep pressure on  gasoline prices . For awhile. The average price of gas ", "Gas prices headed for the new high and what's behind the -- that escalating showdown with Iran over its nuclear program so how high ", "country. This morning it's the reality -- commuters across the country soaring gas prices that seemed to have nowhere to go but up. People get in the cars they drive a bit more. In the spring and certainly -- summer vacations come in that kind of pressure could keep pressure on gasoline prices . For awhile. The average price of gas nationwide has never been higher this time -- here. A gallon of regular right now "]