['The hour special will feature interviews with fan favorites including Tony Geary, Genie Francis, Maurice Benard,  Jack Wagner , Rick Springfield, many other cast members, and Executive Producer Frank Valentini. "20/20? goes behind-the-scenes ', 'another dance tomorrow before the winner is declared at the end of the show. Tennis great Martina Navratilova, actor  Jack Wagner , talk show host Sherri Shepherd, and singers Gavin DeGraw and Gladys Knight, actress Melissa Gilbert, Disney star ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Melissa Gilbert and Roshon Fegan Voted Off in Week 8 of Season 14", 'ball trophy. In addition to Gilbert, Fegan and White, singer Gavin DeGraw, tennis star Martina Navratilova, actor  Jack Wagner , talk show host Sherri Shepherd and singer Gladys Knight have already been booted from the show this season.', "'Dancing With the Stars': William Levy Gets Perfect Score, Leads the Pack in Week 8", "remaining dancers will go into next week's semi-final round. Tennis great Martina Navratilova, actors Jaleel White and  Jack Wagner , talk show host Sherri Shepherd, and singers Gavin DeGraw and Gladys Knight have already been eliminated this season ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 14: Jaleel White Voted Off in Week 7 of Season 14", 'singer Katherine Jenkins and telenovela star William Levy. Along with DeGraw, tennis star Martina Navratilova, actor  Jack Wagner , talk show host Sherri Shepherd and singer Gladys Knight have already been booted this season. The final three celebrities ', 'last remaining stars and their pro partners compete for the championship. Tennis great Martina Navratilova, actor  Jack Wagner , talk show host Sherri Shepherd, and singers Gavin DeGraw and Gladys Knight have already been eliminated this season ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 14: Gladys Knight Eliminated in Week 6 Split Decision", 'singer Katherine Jenkins, telenovela star William Levy and actor Jaleel White. Tennis star Martina Navratilova, actor  Jack Wagner , talk show host Sherri Shepherd and singer Gavin DeGraw have already been booted this season. The final three celebrities ', "last remaining stars and their pro partners compete for the championship. Tennis great Martina Navratilova, actor  Jack Wagner , talk show host Sherri Shepherd and singer Gavin DeGraw have already been eliminated this season. Tonight's Scores ", 'Katherine Jenkins, R&B legend Gladys Knight and telenovela star William Levy. Tennis star Martina Navratilova, actor  Jack Wagner  and talk show host Sherri Shepherd have already been booted this season.', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 14: William Levy and Katherine Jenkins Heat Up the Dance Floor on Latin Night", "championship. One of the competitors will be voted off the show tomorrow night. Tennis great Martina Navratilova, actor  Jack Wagner  and talk show host Sherri Shepherd have already been eliminated. Tonight's Scores: Gavin DeGraw and Karina Smirnoff ", "Jaleel White. Actress Melissa Gilbert, who suffered a concussion during Monday night's performance, will also return to compete next week. Tennis star Martina Navratilova and actor  Jack Wagner  have already been booted from the show.", "Jaleel White. Actress Melissa Gilbert, who suffered a concussion during Monday night's performance, will also return to compete next week. Tennis star Martina Navratilova and actor  Jack Wagner  have already been booted from the show.", "compete for the championship. One of the competitors will be voted off the show tomorrow night. Martina Navratilova and  Jack Wagner  have already been eliminated. Tonight's Scores: Gavin DeGraw and Karina Smirnoff: 23 Donald Driver and Peta Murgatroyd ", 'Longtime couple  Heather Locklear  and  Jack Wagner  have called it quits just three months after getting engaged. The former Melrose Place co stars dated for four years before announcing ', 'Longtime couple Heather Locklear and Jack Wagner have called it quits just three months after getting engaged. The former Melrose Place co stars dated for four years before announcing ', 'stint on Dancing With The Stars  Jack Wagner  singer and soap star. But his judges crazy but made. Since  Jack Wagner  brought show stopping personality a dashing doctor Peter burns  Heather Locklear  is and secretive love interest ', "the road after a short lived stint on Dancing With The Stars Jack Wagner singer and soap star. But his -- just wasn't fancy enough to bring him back for another week of dancing we're going ", 'have the judges crazy but made. -- -- -- Since -- -- Jack Wagner brought -- show stopping personality this season fourteen of Dancing With The Stars. Leaving women rejoicing at this eighties heartthrob. Showed us. ', 'breaking news overnight about  Heather Locklear  the TV star was rushed to the morning George trying times for  Heather Locklear  who spent the night in the hospital her engagement to boyfriend  Jack Wagner . Radar online quoting sources ', "this comes just two months after breaking off her engagement to boyfriend Jack Wagner . Radar online quoting sources saying Locklear was distraught over her relationship. And it's upset her lately. -- clears representatives did not respond ", "former Melrose Place co star  Jack Wagner . But those close to Locklear just can't explain. For  Heather Locklear  the decision to enter treatment 110%. And for more on  Heather Locklear  is fight to get healthy which has a cover story on  Heather Locklear  is ordeal. On stands right ", 'had a new man in her life former Melrose Place co star Jack Wagner . But those close to Locklear say the past couple of years have been at times brutal for her. The actors began taking ', "she was hospitalized back. In December of 2010 for bacterial infection even last November she and her. Former fiance  Jack Wagner  called off their engagement at the time so. Whatever don't have a she's had a string of troubles than legacy and ", "2010 for bacterial infection even last November she and her. Former fiance Jack Wagner called off their engagement at the time so. Whatever don't have a she's had a string of troubles than -- -- legacy ", "to update everybody has actually in this case you didn't get a chance to it and ABC. So anyway three elimination  Jack Wagner . Got to do it cool news duty. It was beating him and that Gavin and Kevin big brown that I don't as I have no idea ", "get a chance to it and ABC. So anyway -- three elimination Jack Wagner . Got to do it cool news duty. It was beating him and that Gavin and Kevin big brown that -- I don't ", "Before we go to  Jack Wagner  and his partner Anna Trebunskaya. In Los Angeles George would you do you Thank you Joseph very much for that appropriate tribute to  Jack Wagner  stagnation listen I'm really sorry to see you know I know that ", "Before we go to Jack Wagner and his partner Anna Trebunskaya. In Los Angeles George would you be my adult life that's what -- -- -- -- buddies ", "-- Thank you Joseph -- very much for that appropriate tribute to Jack Wagner stagnation listen I'm really sorry to see you know I know that land said he danced your best dance ever. On Monday "]