['The active volcano Concepcion is seen from the forest atop another volcano, Maderas, which has been dormant in modern times. ', '"As I crossed the [Bosphorus Strait], I saw the sun set behind the mosques and historic monuments of Istanbul\'s Old City," said Nate Hovee.', 'You may recognize Devils Tower, the first national monument in the United States, from its prominent role in the 1977 film "Close Encounters of the Third Kind."', 'David Lee managed to snap a photo of two of the ubiquitous needlefish in Kayangan Lake before they took off. "They are as curious as they are skittish," he said.', '"One gets a feeling of living history in Malta," said Alan Patrick Watts, who shot this photo in the Mediterranean island nation\'s capital city of Valletta. It "has a huge concentration of historic sites."', 'An African painted dog poses near his pack in Kruger National Park. The endangered animals are also known as African wild dogs, Cape hunting dogs or painted wolves.', 'The Kennedy Center for Performing Arts glows as the sun sets over the Potomac River. ', "Visitors to Tivoli Grona Lund amusement park ride the flying swings as Sweden's summer sun sets around 10:30 p.m.", 'A peacock poses for the camera in Cotui, about 75 miles north of Santo Domingo. See more portraits of the colorful creature on CNN iReport.', "Jerusalem's Temple Mount has been used by, and is is considered sacred to, Christianity, Islam and Judaism. See additional photos and read more on CNN iReport.", 'Natalie Montanaro says she loves the calm waters of Pangaimotu in the South Pacific. Read more about the island on CNN iReport.', 'China\'s Stone Forest, or "Shilin," contains hundreds of tall, natural limestone formations.', 'The U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds fly over the Statue of Liberty and Liberty State Park.', "It takes about two hours of hiking to reach Cathedral Cove, but for tourists who want to view its natural rock arch, seen here, it's worth it.", "Old and new come together as traffic speeds past Rome's famous Colosseum at night.", 'Srijan Shrestha says Fewa Lake is a busy tourist attraction, so "I was fortunate to take a picture of the empty boats laying at at the lake on such a soothing calm evening."', 'Kenji Croman captured this wave at sunrise by wading into the surf and holding up his camera (protected by a heavy-duty waterproof case). He tries for such images almost every morning. "I usually have to take about 700 shots to get one," he said.', 'A blue monkey looks into the camera. "This particular guy was staring at our Jeep so intently," recalls Bambi Drisko.', 'Julee Khoo hopes her photos of various scenes from the Erdene Zuu monastery inspire others to learn more about Mongolia -- a country she considers herself fortunate to have visited. ', 'The Eta Aquariids meteor shower puts on a show above Mount Bromo, an active volcano in East Java, Indonesia.', 'Bluebells bloom on the bank of a river in County Donegal. Jim Murphy shot this photo while on vacation with his family from County Cork. ', 'Wild horses frolic near Reno. See more beautiful shots of the herds on CNN iReport.', "The Imperial Palace is the home of Japan's Emperor and Empress, but much of the grounds are open to the public.", 'The ancient city of Petra, carved into sandstone cliffs in the first few centuries, famously served as the setting for several scenes in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade." ', 'The neon signs of Bourbon Street light up the night. "If you ever get a chance to head to the French Quarter, do it," said John McGraw. "It is one of those places that, for us, lived up to the hype." See more photos from around New Orleans on CNN iReport.', 'Keith Hajovsky and his girlfriend, whose reflection is seen here, took part in a sea turtle release in El Salvador. "Releasing those little turtles was one of the most wholesome, warm-hearted experiences I\'ve ever had," he said. Read more on CNN iReport.', 'Gorgeous landscapes abound in the largest national park in the United States. See more photos from the park, including its massive glaciers, on CNN iReport.', 'Colorful boats line the beach at Xuyen Moc. See more photos from around Vietnam on CNN iReport.', '"The busy shops [and] bustling crowds of locals and tourists alike, along with the iron signs overhead, created a surreal, baroque atmosphere," said Marianne Sease of this small cobblestone street in Salzburg. "So easy to fall in love with the area!"', "Swans swim in the frigid Nemunas River during the chilly Lithuania winter. Luckily, animal welfare officials were on hand to make sure they didn't get trapped in the ice. See more photos on CNN iReport.", 'Terraced fields are used to grow rice in China. See more images of the fields, including mind-boggling shots from above, on CNN iReport.', 'The beaches of Los Cabos, at the tip of the Baja California peninsula, are famous for their rock formations. ', 'The Northern Lights dance over the Lyngen Alps. See more spectacular images of the phenomenon on CNN iReport.', 'Cloud Gate, affectionately known as "the bean," sits in Chicago\'s Millennium Park. See more photos of the city\'s landmarks on CNN iReport.', 'Julee Khoo says Bhutan is "as close to a Himalayan utopia as you can get." This hillside is part of a war memorial dedicated to Bhutanese soldiers.', 'Elephants enjoy a drink at Shaba National Reserve, where films like "Out of Africa" and "Born Free" were filmed.', 'Marie Santos took this photo while hiking The Narrows at Zion National Park. Much of the hike is spent wading through the river. "The views were spectacular and every angle looks different depending on how the light or shadows reflect on the rocks," she said.', "The Italian village of Positano spills from the cliffs onto the beach. Christopher Foltz, who shot this photo, said it's his favorite town in the whole country.", '"Just for this moment, there was a tranquility that I have experienced nowhere else," says Gary Ashley of watching the sunrise from a rowboat on the Ganges.', "This glittering shot of the Edinburgh Castle was captured by iReporter Clayton Riddell. The castle is actually a fortress located in Edinburgh, Scotland, and is now one of the area's top tourist attractions. ", 'Pink dahlias stand against a backdrop of thousands of other colorful flowers in the Tuileries Garden. See more images from the public garden on CNN iReport.', 'The art deco Chrysler Building shines brightly in the New York skyline in this view from the Empire State Building.', 'In a traditional sport, Mongolian riders try to find and pick up a coin from the ground without falling off their galloping horse. See more photos and learn about the event on CNN iReport.', 'Photographer Antonina Reshef is on a mission to revisit the former USSR towns of her youth. See more of her photos from the isolated Kamchatka peninsula in eastern Russia on CNN iReport.', 'Water mills stand in the historic town of Huanglongxi. "I felt like I was back to the olden days," said Ter Chieng Chuan. "The unique infrastructure really impressed me." ', 'Flowers spill from the window boxes of ancient buildings in La Alberca, about an hour from Salamanca in western Spain.', '"The town of Saint-Louis...is teeming with bold colors," says Lauren Levine, who shot this photo. "Walls are saturated in reds, yellows and greens." See more of her colorful images on CNN iReport.', 'The Tidal Basin reflects the Washington Monument. Surrounding it are the famed cherry trees, a 1912 gift to the United States from Japan, in full bloom.', 'Farmers and monks process in a blessing of the crops in mountainous Tibet, north of Lhasa. "Incense is being burned in the large pot at the front. Prayers and the parade are the bulk of this ceremony and all traffic must halt for the holy procession to pass," says Lee Gunderson, who shot this photo.', '"As far as exotic yet relatively inexpensive vacations go, you will be surprised by this place," says Erich Ludwig. He and his wife took a day trip to the Phi Phi Islands on one of these boats while vacationing in Phuket, Thailand.', 'Egyptian tour guide Khaled Mohamed ElSamman captured this woman in an early morning moment of quiet contemplation in Cairo\'s Mosque of Mohammed Ali. "As a tour guide, I have the chance to see some very unique moments, and this is one of them," he said.', "Geishas stand among a few of Japan's famed cherry trees during peak cherry blossom season.", '"I think anyone who wants to see a place like this should go while they can," says Daniel Surette, who shot this photo with an underwater camera. "All I heard...from the locals was how we should have seen the reef when it \'was really something.\'"', '(CNN) -- Each day, CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Travel Photo of the Day. Click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world, and be sure to come back every day for a new image. Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share? Submit it for the gallery at CNN iReport!']