['stint on Dancing With The Stars  Jack Wagner  singer and soap star. But his judges crazy but made. Since  Jack Wagner  brought show stopping personality a dashing doctor Peter burns  Heather Locklear  is and secretive love interest ', "the road after a short lived stint on Dancing With The Stars Jack Wagner singer and soap star. But his -- just wasn't fancy enough to bring him back for another week of dancing we're going ", 'have the judges crazy but made. -- -- -- Since -- -- Jack Wagner brought -- show stopping personality this season fourteen of Dancing With The Stars. Leaving women rejoicing at this eighties heartthrob. Showed us. ', 'breaking news overnight about  Heather Locklear  the TV star was rushed to the morning George trying times for  Heather Locklear  who spent the night in the hospital her engagement to boyfriend  Jack Wagner . Radar online quoting sources ', "this comes just two months after breaking off her engagement to boyfriend Jack Wagner . Radar online quoting sources saying Locklear was distraught over her relationship. And it's upset her lately. -- clears representatives did not respond ", "former Melrose Place co star  Jack Wagner . But those close to Locklear just can't explain. For  Heather Locklear  the decision to enter treatment 110%. And for more on  Heather Locklear  is fight to get healthy which has a cover story on  Heather Locklear  is ordeal. On stands right ", 'had a new man in her life former Melrose Place co star Jack Wagner . But those close to Locklear say the past couple of years have been at times brutal for her. The actors began taking ', "she was hospitalized back. In December of 2010 for bacterial infection even last November she and her. Former fiance  Jack Wagner  called off their engagement at the time so. Whatever don't have a she's had a string of troubles than legacy and ", "2010 for bacterial infection even last November she and her. Former fiance Jack Wagner called off their engagement at the time so. Whatever don't have a she's had a string of troubles than -- -- legacy ", "to update everybody has actually in this case you didn't get a chance to it and ABC. So anyway three elimination  Jack Wagner . Got to do it cool news duty. It was beating him and that Gavin and Kevin big brown that I don't as I have no idea ", "get a chance to it and ABC. So anyway -- three elimination Jack Wagner . Got to do it cool news duty. It was beating him and that Gavin and Kevin big brown that -- I don't ", "Before we go to  Jack Wagner  and his partner Anna Trebunskaya. In Los Angeles George would you do you Thank you Joseph very much for that appropriate tribute to  Jack Wagner  stagnation listen I'm really sorry to see you know I know that ", "Before we go to Jack Wagner and his partner Anna Trebunskaya. In Los Angeles George would you be my adult life that's what -- -- -- -- buddies ", "-- Thank you Joseph -- very much for that appropriate tribute to Jack Wagner stagnation listen I'm really sorry to see you know I know that land said he danced your best dance ever. On Monday ", "tell me about it because the fixtures the floor. It looks pretty can't say. Another powder room that gold plated  Jack Wagner  and the inside the think. Insignia. Mostly. In the Flores. Had made tendency time. And no 4000 square foot would ", "looks pretty can't say. Another powder room -- that gold plated -- Jack Wagner and the inside -- the think. Insignia. Mostly. In the Flores. Had made tendency time. And no 4000 square foot -- would ", 'fictional town of port Charles fans will be excited. To stars from general hospital path like Rick Springfield and  Jack Wagner . And joining me alive right now are two of the biggest stars of the show the Nolan Hughes who plays did And Jason Thompson ', 'excited. To -- stars from general hospital path like Rick Springfield and Jack Wagner . And joining me alive right now are two of the biggest stars of the show the Nolan Hughes who plays -- did ', "She got engaged in the Danish businessman named Michael you like to the luckily she got engaged to actor and singer.  Jack Wagner  you may remember from the world. He's cleaning the you. And using the center is seeing is very nice thing anymore ", "like to the -- luckily she got engaged to actor and singer. Jack Wagner you may remember from the world. He's cleaning the -- you. And using the -- center is seeing is very nice thing ", 'season fourteen Casillas who the big names for you DW TS fans out there these are the the cast of all stars this year  Jack Wagner  of Melrose Place fame Melissa Gilbert Little House on the Prairie Donald Driver of that back TV personality Maria when ', 'out there these are the the cast of all stars this year Jack Wagner of Melrose Place fame Melissa Gilbert Little House on the Prairie -- Donald Driver of that back -- -- TV personality Maria ', "known for is unforgettable roles on general hospital. Melrose blaze giddy dance we're gonna find out come on out.  Jack Wagner . You might feel little nostalgic when you hear the name of this and nominated TV icon she the beloved character Laura ", "Melrose blaze -- giddy dance we're gonna find out come on out. Jack Wagner . You might feel little nostalgic when you hear the name of this and -- nominated TV icon she -- the beloved character ", "scared when he four point Gladys the R&B fox trot out 24 point Sherri shepherd the view's co Impressed that much  Jack Wagner  and B singer actors at some the gave him 24 points as well as either the five that are bringing up being rare. coming ", "24 point Sherri shepherd the view's co -- -- Impressed that much Jack Wagner and B singer actors at some the -- gave him 24 points as well as either the five that are bringing up ", "Twitter from viewers at preparers have. An honest critique. Then and that's phony. Good Morning America watched  Jack Wagner  Anna Trebunskaya critique. Their fox I love me yeah. Let me. It's challenging but it's challenging in a way that ", "An honest critique. Then -- and that's phony. Good Morning America watched Jack Wagner -- Anna Trebunskaya critique. Their -- fox -- I love me yeah. -- Let me. It's challenging but it's challenging in a ", "Out all right and this is the first time we've done this we have everybody announced that once let's start with  Jack Wagner  you lucky man. Your dad's partners going to be and I love singer named are not little blue sky And. And Jack job ", "this -- we have everybody announced that once -- let's start with Jack Wagner you lucky man. Your dad's partners going to be and I love singer named are not little blue sky -- And. And ", "once you go big play never don't quit and run shot Nagin during his swagger to technique. Absolutely better Well  Jack Wagner  showed us how he rolled his. Football pro Donald driver's elegance charm and led to a dancing first. Back last week ", "run shot Nagin during his swagger to technique. Absolutely better -- Well Jack Wagner showed us how he rolled his. Football pro Donald driver's elegance charm and led to a dancing first. Back last week and ", 'shooting a lifetime movie aptly titled. Flirting with forty and had a new man in her life former Melrose Place costar  Jack Wagner . But those close to Locklear say the past couple of years have been at times brutal for her. The actors began taking ', 'and had a new man in her life former Melrose Place costar Jack Wagner . But those close to Locklear say the past couple of years have been at times brutal for her. The actors began taking ']