['passenger plane landed safely at Newark International  Airport  in New Jersey after reporting smoke in the cockpit known if there was a mechanical problem. The  Federal Aviation Administration  identified the aircraft as a DeHavilland DH-8 ', "the area. The Coast Guard was keeping nautical traffic out of an area within 500 meters of the site. The  Federal Aviation Administration  restricted aircraft up to 2,000 feet above the area. Tuesday's blowout occurred at a well where workers ", "documents say Dial provided false information to the  Federal Aviation Administration  for years to be able to work as a pilot for an recorded flights were under his real name using fake  FAA  documents to get a job with Sacramento's KCRA-TV ", "killed a 16-year-old Asiana  Airlines  crash survivor, and infrared tail broke off as it hit the  airport  seawall, and the plane skidded injuries. San Francisco's  airport  fire divisions are equipped with particular type of DEV. The  airport  is still in the process of technology, developed at the  FAA  tech center in New Jersey and ", "speech rights. The  Federal Aviation Administration  may also object, as Manhattan Beach. The  FAA  said it plans to look Manhattan Beach officials,  FAA  Acting Regional Counsel or an obstacle to the  FAA 's ability to effectively ", '16-year-old Asiana  Airlines  crash survivor required by the  Federal Aviation Administration  on all new International  Airport  have it, and rigs at the  airport  are in the process manager of  airport  safety for the  FAA , said the ', 'is like having a migraine headache. But legal experts say a ban might violate free speech rights. The  Federal Aviation Administration  may also object. At its meeting Monday, a Board of Supervisors committee put off considering the ordinance ', "City's LaGuardia  Airport  fully reopened temporarily closed the  airport . The nose gear of Southwest  Airlines  flight 345 arriving collapse closed the  airport  for more than terminal. The  Federal Aviation Administration  is investigating ", "and temporarily closed the  airport . The nose gear of Southwest  Airlines  flight 345 arriving from Nashville said the collapse closed the  airport  for more than an hour. Both of the  airport 's runways were back in use taken to the terminal. The  FAA  is investigating, as is the ", 'The  Federal Aviation Administration  is investigating after an Alaska  Airlines  jet was told to crossed the runway.  FAA  spokesman Ian Gregor Stevens International  Airport  on Saturday after issued. Alaska  Airlines  spokesman Paul ', "York's LaGuardia  Airport  collapsed as the the runway. The  Federal Aviation Administration  says the plane temporarily closed the  airport . The  FAA  says the Southwest  Airlines  flight from Nashville Dallas-based Southwest  Airlines  spokespeople didn't ", "speech rights. The  Federal Aviation Administration  may also object, as Manhattan Beach. The  FAA  said it plans to look Manhattan Beach officials,  FAA  Acting Regional Counsel or an obstacle to the  FAA 's ability to effectively ", "London's Heathrow  Airport . The  Federal Aviation Administration  said late Friday that develop instructions for  airlines  on how to conduct the inspections. The  FAA  statement said the inspections would ask  airlines  to examine for proper ", 'by AG on  airlines  and also investigation. the  Federal Aviation Administration . Boeing charts for the  airport  the approach aircraft  airport  in sight initial hire  FAA  radar. Data released by the  Federal Aviation Administration . That handles tapes. The  FAA  may do that ', "designated parties to our investigation. The parties to our investigation. -- the Federal Aviation Administration . Boeing Pratt. And Whitney and we're also supported by that Korean. Aviation and rail accident investigation board they are counter parts from Korea. And they are supported by their technical advisors. -- on airlines . The NTSB employees -- party system. To help us in our investigations. We rely on our parties to provide us information. To ", '-- air traffic control tapes. Are released. They are released by the Federal Aviation Administration . That handles air traffic control operations the NTSB does not release the air traffic control tapes. The FAA may do that at some point in the investigation. And there over the public airwaves -- conversations -- -- recorded. The cockpit ', 'Washington Reagan  airport . We are launching Francisco International  Airport  earlier today. We Francisco. International  Airport . And they crashed cooperation from the  Federal Aviation Administration . From Boeing. And ', "where tax -- as saying we're getting very good cooperation from the Federal Aviation Administration . From Boeing. And from other participants. We are working now with our counterparts in Korea the Korean air and accident investigation board. ", "the spirit  airlines  flight from Reporter: The  federal aviation administration  is investigating york's jfk  airport . And this recommending that the  faa  changes the the spirit  airlines  incident, what the  faa  wants to know ", 'were continually going up and down, off of our seats. Reporter: The federal aviation administration is investigating this close call and says there was only 400 vertical feet between the 2 plane, though they were a mile ', "nine and is at Reagan national  airport  in Washington DC this morning on Friday news broke that the  FAA  may soon allow some devices Baldwin and kicked an American  Airlines  flight in 2011. Refusing to Bentley it'll be up to the  FAA  to decide what to do. Now with What he'll be up to the  FAA  to decide where to take these ", 'you -- cell phone off. But on Friday news broke that the FAA may soon allow some devices. -- The cell -- is allowed to transmit at a higher level than for instance Wi-Fi so a cell -- can potentially have more power transmitting its signal. Welcome news for actor Alec Baldwin and kicked -- an American Airlines flight in 2011. Refusing to turn off his phone while playing words with friends before takeoff and not any game manager but ', 'Delta 172 is lining up to land at jfk  airport . But the 747 pilot decides not to land jet is taking off from nearby la guardia  airport . And the two aircraft get too close headed straight to each other. What the  faa  calls losing separation. Others call sight? Never saw him. Reporter: The  faa  does say the planes were turning away ', "040 now. Reporter: Delta 172 is lining up to land at jfk airport . But the 747 pilot decides not to land, to circle around, and try again. But at the same time, a small, delta commuter jet is taking off from nearby la guardia airport . And the two aircraft get too close. We're almost at 545 now. Delta 172, heavy traffic, 12:00, 1,400 feet. Reporter: The two aircraft, headed straight to each other. What the faa calls losing separation. Others call it, a near miss. Anytime we have two airports that allegedly come within 100 feet of each other, it's not just a violation. It's serious. Do you have the la guardia departure in sight? Never saw him. Reporter: The faa does say the planes were turning away from each other when they got too close. We got a systemic failure, obviously, in the system, which is so well-designed breaks down and we have somebody getting close to somebody else. Reporter: This happened last friday afternoon. And between 2009 and 2010, there was a 50% increase in these kind of operational errors, which the faa calls them. The faa says part of that is due to better reporting. Of course, these close calls remain a concern. ", "Top stories a mishap at Kennedy  Airport  this morning involving two passenger jets Eyewitness live there at JFK with details Michelle affiliate they clipped each other The Florida. The air India passengers from Delhi have all depleted gone through customs and they are on their way. An  FAA  investigation now is under way and we're live at JFK channel seven. Eyewitness News.", "all depleted gone through customs and they are on their way. An FAA investigation now is under way and we're live at JFK -- -- -- channel seven. Eyewitness News. ", 'now starting here. At the  airport  here in Denver this afternoon major computer failure at the  Federal Aviation Administration . The communications breakdown happened this afternoon at an  FAA  facility south of Atlanta is just further proof the  FAA  needs a major overhaul ', "ABC it's now starting here. At the airport here in Denver this afternoon and -- dozens of major airports around the country. Flights have been delayed by a major computer failure at the Federal Aviation Administration . The communications breakdown involved the system that files flight plans for half the country ABC's Brian -- reports from New York. Where thousands of passengers today just getting off the ground was a struggle. And all because of a single computer glitch it happened this afternoon at an FAA facility south of Atlanta. One of only two senators responsible for processing. Tens of thousands of flight plans a day every commercial "]