["Editor's note: msnbc.com has been asking readers affected by the Philippines floods to send in photos and reports. Diana Veloso, who is from Manila, sent in this FirstPerson account. ", 'At first I thought that the wall separating our garden from the creek behind our house had cracked. I would later find out that someone had opened the La Mesa Dam, which is located near my neighborhood. The dam was opened to prevent it from breaking, but the downpour and the water left 80 percent of Manila submerged in less than six hours. ', 'It was so surreal to see the murky brown waters quickly rising until they were a foot shy of the second floor of our home. My older sister told me to start carrying some my things to our covered rooftop, which also serves as the top floor of our home. I was hoping that the floodwaters would stop rising, but I acted quickly: I grabbed my laptop, printer, camera, cell phone, other electronic devices, sacred dissertation materials, personal documents, diplomas, photo albums and picture frames.', 'At around 4 p.m., we all gathered at the living room on our top floor, waiting and praying for the floodwaters to recede.The rain continued to batter the sliding doors, and my mother grimly warned us that if the waters rose any higher, we would lose everything. She suggested that we pray the rosary for all the typhoon victims. ', 'The next day, the water receded and we began to clean up the house. We received and continue to receive help and support from relatives, family friends, significant others and even old flames (none of them mine, for the record). All of last week, reports about the tail of Typhoon Parma possibly hitting Metro Manila on Friday, Oct. 2 worried us to no end. We were more prepared: We stocked up on food, first-aid items, and flashlights, and put away anything that could be damaged (again) in the event of another flash flood. The latter typhoon changed course and spared Metro Manila, although my heart goes out to the people from the affected regions.', "My family incurred massive property damage: Most of our appliances, cars, important documents, and even precious photo albums got submerged in water. We had to cancel my older sister's bridal shower. She is getting married at the end of the week and we now have to figure out alternative accommodations for our guests.", 'Veloso is an international Ph.D. candidate studying sociology at Loyola University in Chicago. She is currently at home in Manila working on her dissertation. ']