["The Belle of Louisville, which turns 100 in 2014, is a river steamboat and a National Historic Landmark. Louisville tops Lonely Planet's list of U.S. destinations to visit in 2013.", 'The aurora borealis, also called the northern lights, provide a spectacular show in the night sky near Fairbanks, Alaska.', 'Lime Kiln Point State Park is located on San Juan Island, where fresh food and outdoor activities are at the top of the agenda.', "The Barnes Foundation's move into the city of Philadelphia has energized an already thriving arts community. ", "Just a quick flight from Pago Pago to the three-square-mile Ofu in the Manu'a Islands, part of American Samoa, will deliver you to pristine, white-sand beaches and lovely Polynesian culture. ", 'Devils Postpile National Monument, with its 60-foot curtain of basalt columns made from molten lava, is just one magnificent part of the Eastern Sierra. ', 'Moosehead Lake in Maine is home to a 99-year-old steamboat and is also the source of the Kennebec River, offering some great rafting opportunities. ', 'Rice Park, located in downtown St. Paul, Minnesota, gets gussied up for the Christmas holidays. ', 'Wine lovers can actually kayak to some vineyards in the Verde Valley, a hot spot for wine makers in Arizona. ', 'The glaciers in Glacier National Park may not be around past 2020 if current warming trends continue. ', 'Fresh, local cuisine is the name of the game on the San Juan Islands in Washington state', "(CNN) -- Attention American travel aficionados: There's no need to leave the United States to find the next hot destination.", "With Lonely Planet's Top 10 U.S. Destinations for 2013, innovative cuisine and drink, hopping art scenes and spectacular nature are available -- all without a passport. They include emerging destinations, locations that have something special for 2013 and longtime favorites with something new to offer visitors.", '"U.S destinations are always going to be popular for U.S. residents," said Robert Reid, Lonely Planet\'s U.S. travel editor. "It\'s a big country and we don\'t have as much vacation time as Europeans."', 'So consider putting that limited time to good use at one of these top destinations:', "Louisville, Kentucky, was named the top U.S. destination for 2013, following travel publisher Lonely Planet's discussions among its group of U.S. editors and authors. While they tend to debate entries into each year's Top 10 list, everyone agreed on Louisville, said Reid.", 'While many horse lovers descend upon this Southern town the first Saturday in May to witness the Kentucky Derby, also known as the "greatest two minutes in sports," there\'s more to Louisville than one horse race.', "With its hip bourbon scene (including microdistilleries), fine dining and emerging East Market District, also known as NuLu, Louisville may just be the new Portland, Oregon. Reid said. Consider exploring the city via the Urban Bourbon Trail for a powerful introduction to Kentucky's famous spirit.", "The rest of Lonely Planet's Top 10 destinations: Fairbanks, Alaska (2); San Juan Islands, Washington (3), Philadelphia (4); American Samoa (5); Eastern Sierra, California (6); northern Maine (7); Twin Cities, Minnesota (8); Verde Valley, Arizona (9); and Glacier National Park, Montana (10).", "Fairbanks, Alaska, is the place to view the northern lights (aurora borealis) next year, when the sunspots put on a spectacular show in the sky. It's the end of an 11-year solar cycle so the show should be exceptionally beautiful. Go in late summer for the best view.", "And people who haven't seen Glacier National Park yet should visit soon. Beloved by Montana residents and visitors alike, most visitors enjoy the famous Going-to-the-Sun Road. However, the park's namesake glaciers are melting and could be gone by 2020 if the current warming trends continue, according to the National Park Service.", "The Eastern Sierra in California is just beyond Yosemite, allowing for exploration of hot springs, a gold rush ghost town and the amazing Devils Postpile National Monument's 60-foot curtain of basalt columns made from rivers of lava.", "Across the country, most visitors going to Maine stick to the shoreline. But the interior of northern Maine also has plenty for the active outdoors traveler. Not only is the Appalachian Trail's northern terminus located at Mount Katahdin in Baxter State Park, there are also miles of bike trails, canoe trips, rafting and a nearly 100-year-old steamboat ride at Moosehead Lake.", 'The lovely San Juan Islands north of Seattle have been coined "the Gourmet Archipelago" by Lonely Planet guidebook author Brendan Sainsbury. The area has plenty of not-Seattle-like sunshine and lots of fresh, local food. High on the menus of local restaurants: locally farmed artichokes and marionberries and fresh-caught salmon, oysters and razor clams. Sainsbury recommends the Doe Bay Cafe on Orcas Island, and Willows Inn on Lummi Island.', 'Beyond the red rocks, crystals and spa culture of Arizona, Verde Valley is blossoming as a wine community. The new Verde Valley Wine Trail near Sedona connects four vineyards around Cornville in northern Arizona.', "Minnesota's Twin Cities have long been known as bike-friendly, but the Nice Ride Minnesota bike-share system and its new bike lanes have made the region even more cyclist-friendly. Ride along the Mississippi River close to the headwaters and enjoy the beauty of the trails there.", 'Prince still stops by the Minneapolis clubs to hear the latest bands, Reid promised. And you can also enjoy a show at Minnesota Public Radio\'s Fitzgerald Theater (named after St. Paul native F. Scott Fitzgerald) where Garrison Keillor tapes "A Prairie Home Companion." Keillor\'s next show is February 2, 2013, but there\'s plenty of other entertainment there in the meantime.', "While there's no need to have a passport when traveling to the U.S. territory of American Samoa, it will take most U.S. residents some time to get there. From already far-flung Hawaii, travelers take a nearly six-hour flight from Honolulu to Pago Pago on Tutuila.", 'It\'s not a place most people can afford to go, but it\'s worth your consideration for the trip of a lifetime, said Reid. "It\'s a dream South Pacific beach vacation," he said.', "Tutuila offers incredible beaches, waterfalls and even the National Park of American Samoa, but Reid recommends jumping on a quick connecting flight to the 3-square-mile Ofu in the Manu'a Islands, which features white-sand beaches flanked by palm trees and surrounded by shark-tooth-shaped mountains. While the editors recommend visiting on Flag Day, April 17, when the island celebrates big time, snorkeling and pure Polynesian bliss is available almost anytime.", "It's about making an entrance. Dramatic entries are a given with air travel, and airports should convey a sense of welcome and arrival.", 'Get ready to shred your vocal cords. Or just clench your jaw and hang on in terrified silence.', "We've come to expect fees for hotel WiFi and parking, but as lodging fees pile up, there are some that may come as a surprise.", "In the 1950s and '60s, the ocean liner SS United States was the choice of movie stars, famous musicians and kings. ", "The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfort in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.", "You heard of the two guys who recently opted in to a two-year, $1.5 million holiday? These are some of the sights they'll be privy to.", "Gross is everywhere. It's in the food we eat, it's in nature, and of course, we ourselves might be the greatest source of grossness. ", "When five teenagers sat down and posed for a picture at Copco Lake in 1982, they didn't plan on making it a tradition. But that's what it became. "]