["cracked cockpit window and a  computer glitch  that erroneously indicated Dreamliner fleets. The  FAA , which just days earlier series of fatal crashes. The  FAA  eventually approved a plan lot of criticism that the  FAA  didn't fully understand ", "years. That's what the  FAA  has warned us to expect moment, which is why the  FAA  currently requires planes everywhere, in which the  FAA  predicts  flight delays  dropping by 35 percent You managed to solve the  FAA  sequester problem which ", 'quickly passed a measure giving the  FAA  the flexibility to reallocate unused funds in order to quash the irksome  flight delays . READ MORE: Food Safety, Unemployment for a bill targeted at helping the  FAA . "Members of Congress fly often ', 'example, or this recent  FAA  issue is a good example short-term problems of  flight delays  by giving us the option veto, for example, this  FAA  bill, that that somehow there was some money in the  FAA  to deal with these furloughs ', 'administration more flexibility to deal with automatic spending cuts called "sequestration," which enabled the  FAA  tp curb rampant  flight delays . But they haven\'t reached an agreement to restore cuts for programs that help the needy and fund scientific ', 'bill to end some  flight delays  that flew through to thousands of  flight delays  when it passed cuts live while  flight delays  die . READ MORE called the new  FAA  bill a "temporary called the  FAA  bill "a little ', 'downsides to budget sequestration:  FAA  furloughs. The bill that was rushed signed by the president today gives the  FAA  transfer authority for $253 million challenges that have created staggering  airport delays  this week. The money comes from the ', "passed legislation that would allow the  FAA  to transfer existing funds in order furloughs that are currently causing the  flight delays  across the nation, ABC's SUNLEN The move to undo the furloughs at the  FAA , in fact, pretty much guarantees ", 'country," White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters at the daily briefing. With  FAA  furloughs causing coast-to-coast  airport delays , Reid has proposed an anti-sequestration bill that would delay the budget cuts for five months ', 'PM Note: Exclusive - George W. Bush on Iraq, Post-Presidency, and How Painting Changed His Life', 'uninews.us/ZP5KJj (Ted Hesson)  FAA  Administrator Defends Furloughs, Budget summer vacations, the hundreds of daily  flight delays  that started Sunday as a result of Congress expressed frustration with the  FAA  today over the cost-cutting measures ', 'the hundreds of daily  flight delays  that started Sunday as a expressed frustration with the  FAA  today over the cost-cutting Chairman Hal Rogers engaged  FAA  Administrator Michael Huerta Republicans criticized the  FAA  this week for cutting back ', 'country," White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters at the daily briefing. With  FAA  furloughs causing coast-to-coast  airport delays , Reid has proposed an anti-sequestration bill that would cancel the budget cuts for five months ', 'Reid Proposes Plan to Replace Sequester Cuts with Money from Afghanistan, Iraq Wars', 'sequester cuts. With  FAA  furloughs causing  airport delays  and headaches across sequester-based  flight delays , which skyrocketed causing 1,200  flight delays  in the system Monday flights per day the  FAA  has said could be ', 'by a major  computer failure  at the Federal a single  computer glitch  it happened afternoon at an  FAA  facility south of  Atlanta . One of failed and  Atlanta  all flight proof the  FAA  needs a major growth. The  computer glitch  did not affect ', "major airports around the country. Flights have been delayed by a major computer failure at the Federal Aviation Administration. The communications breakdown involved the system that files flight plans for half the country ABC's Brian -- reports from New York. Where thousands of passengers today just getting off the ground was a struggle. And all because of a single computer glitch it happened this afternoon at an FAA facility south of Atlanta . One of only two senators responsible for processing. Tens of thousands of flight plans a day every commercial plane must file planned before being cleared for take off. When the computer failed and Atlanta all flight plans from across the country were routed to a single facility in Salt Lake City. It was swamped and passengers ", 'delayed at major airports because the  faa  is being forced to furlough thousands overnight. This is just the start. The  faa  now warning that as many as 6700 friglights time and fewer eyes in the tower, the  faa  is slowing air traffic for safety. Planes ', 'no end in sight. Flights are delayed at major airports because the faa is being forced to furlough thousands of air traffic controllers. Matt gutman from miami. Reporter: The delays are already piling up. New york area airports reporting delays of over an hour. L.A.X. Over three hours overnight. This is just the start. The faa now warning that as many as 6700 friglights could be delayed every day. The sequestration, the automatic across- across-the-board spending cuts forcing furloughs. Fewer flaens the air translates into delays. About 5,000 planes in the air at a given time and fewer eyes in the tower, the faa is slowing air traffic for safety. Planes could be prevented from lapding and taking off. Those delays could cost travelers more than ', "specifically the problems caused by the sequester with the  faa , w would be open to looking at that. Reporter: Thousands alone. And experts are saying it will only get worse. The  faa  is basically saying, we don't know where they're going ", "wants to address specifically the problems caused by the sequester with the faa , w would be open to looking at that. Reporter: Thousands of flights across the country have been affected in the last three days alone. And experts are saying it will only get worse. The faa is basically saying, we don't know where they're going to have issues. We don't know where our controllers are going to be ", 'all across the country.  Flight delays , safety worries. The caused by a shortage of  faa  controllers or by the father hour long. Reporter: The  faa  is blaming the delays on prediction of 6,700 daily  flight delays . But transportation secretary ', "the nightmare shaping up at airports all across the country. Flight delays , safety worries. The impact of the across-the-board federal budget cuts. Abc's matt gutman did some traveling himself to investigate. And he joins us, now, from miami. How did it go for you there, matt? Reporter: Good morning, robin. It didn't go that well. We spent 11 hours in airports. And didn't really find an airline apocalypse. But all the delays caused by a shortage of faa controllers or by the father, started to snowball into delays of four and five hours. This morning, the sequester is walloping airports ", "the line to take off was over an hour long. Reporter: The faa is blaming the delays on across-the-board budget cuts, which has forced them to furlough air traffic controllers and other workers, and are spacing out flights in the name of safety. Several hundred flights delayed, less than the agency's prediction of 6,700 daily flight delays . But transportation secretary ray LaHOOD WARNS ABC, WE MIGHT SEE account weather activities. These delays could get extended beyond 60 to 90 ", 'on monday. The airline is under investigation by the  faa , after seats came loose onboard three different mid-air third-largest airline saying, contrary to those headlinemaking  flight delays  in september, double the norm, aefr fights over pilots ', "seats installed recently. The nation's third-largest airline saying, contrary to those headlinemaking flight delays in september, double the norm, aefr fights over pilots as part of a labor action, this more serious safety issue has nothing ", "the furloughs of air traffic controllers that have caused  flight delays  coast-to-coast. Abc's david kerley is at reagan All week -- everything is being backed up because of the  faa  issues. Reporter: All across the country -- we don't ", "hill, to cut the furloughs of air traffic controllers that have caused flight delays coast-to-coast. Abc's david kerley is at reagan national airport for us there in washin good morning, david. Reporter: Good morning, robin. Good news for fliers. The delays were the main way that voters were feeling the impacts of the spending cuts. Congress is ready to take a week off. Members decided they needed to do something before they jumped on planes and left town. All week -- everything is being backed up because of the faa issues. Reporter: All across the country -- we don't want you to be here. Reporter: About 1,000 flights a day delayed. We ", "and unfortunately. Boy lots of  flight delays  in Minneapolis Chicago and if that thunderstorms you're flying in out of  Atlanta  this afternoon. There may be some time. Little farther south and in  Atlanta  called the New England how to deal ", "is going to be a big storm and unfortunately. Boy lots of flight delays in Minneapolis Chicago and if that wasn't bad -- up. On the southern end of the storm we had some showers and thunderstorms -- you're flying in out of Atlanta this afternoon. There may be some delays there as well back edge of the snow still up to the west end of "]