['Solange Knowles is "completely devastated" to cancel her European summer tour, which included stops in Portugal,  Norway  and Finland, she said on her website yesterday Juggling being a single mother to son Daniel, 8, her follow up album ', "second-quarter earnings at  Norway 's Statoil, even though production from fields outside  Norway . Statoil, which is two-thirds owned by the  Norwegian  state, continues to explore exploratory work on the  Norwegian  continental shelf ", 'Dalelv, told the AP from  Norway  she is "incredibly happy going back to study in  Oslo  in the autumn," she return if she wants. In  Norway , Foreign Minister Espen Barth Eide told the  Norwegian  news agency NTB that international media attention and  Norway \'s diplomatic measures ', 'A spokesman for the Jordanian body that handles firefighting says a  Norwegian -flagged ship laden with wood has caught fire while unloading in the Red Sea port of Aqaba. Civil Defense spokesman Brig. Farid ', '9-magnitude earthquake Sunday that downed power lines, broke water mains and smashed windows. 4.  Norway  Marks Anniversary of Mass Killing  Norwegian  Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg marked the second anniversary of confessed mass killer Anders Behring ', 'Norwegian  Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg marked the second anniversary of the terror acts that killed 77 people by calling for a continued ', 'A  Norwegian  woman at the center of a Dubai rape claim dispute says she has been pardoned and is free to leave the country. Marte Deborah Dalelv ', "Union. In 2011, Anders Breivik (AHN'-durs BRAY'-vihk) massacred 69 people at a  Norwegian  island youth retreat after detonating a bomb in nearby  Oslo  that killed eight others in the nation's worst violence since World War II. Ten years ", 'History: On July 21, 1973, Israeli agents in Lillehammer,  Norway , killed Ahmed Bouchikhi, a Moroccan waiter, in a case members of the Mossad spy agency served brief prison terms in  Norway  for murder and were then pardoned. On this date: In 1773 ', 'A  Norwegian  woman sentenced to 16 months in jail in Dubai for having sex outside marriage after she reported an alleged rape says she decided ', 'prosecutors say they have dropped terror charges against a  Norwegian  musician and freed him from custody, but still want him gained notoriety in the 1990s after being convicted in  Norway  of manslaughter in the stabbing death of a fellow band ', "story still unfolding. Out of  Oslo Norway  the city where they the Nobel tearing through the heart of  Oslo  targeting government buildings ABC's Miguel Marquez is in  Norway  tonight. David we are in  Norway  tonight it is the nation in ", "-- horrific story still unfolding. Out of Oslo Norway the city where they -- -- the Nobel Peace Prize under siege today in two deadly attacks playing out one after the other. Here's what we know tonight more than a dozen dead and that number could very will go higher and take a look at the pictures still coming in. First the bomb blast tearing through the heart of Oslo targeting government buildings shattering glass scattering debris police rushing to the wounded. Then a short time later in the short distance away gunfire at a youth camp a man dressed as a police officer opening fire in the crowd. ABC's Miguel Marquez is in Norway tonight. David we are in Norway tonight it is the nation in shock your country that is known round the world towards peaceful ways. Now reeling. From terror. ", "nation of  Norway  where police downtown  Oslo  the  Norwegian  capital attacks and in  Oslo  tonight here's arrested but  Norwegian  media say capital of  Norway . Explosions tonight the  Norwegian  researchers buildings in  Oslo . Are protected.  Norway  is peaceful ", "within its own borders. Open relatively unsecured city. Most of buildings in Oslo . Are protected. Norway is peaceful country. It's a country where the prime minister will walk to through the streets -- isn't -- just building. To the parliament which is so 45 blocks away. That is going to change. Regardless of the origins of the attack Oslo has been left shatter their peaceful streets now is seen more fitting two's city of war zone. The media here in Norway is reporting that this individual -- of a far right group perhaps the neo Nazi He is in police custody. And they are questioning the suspect try to determine an exact motive -- Miguel Marquez and. -- tonight thanks to you when we wanna get some more gripping eyewitness testimony. Ager in -- -- who is one of the organizers of Norway's Labour Party was there. On its way up islands and joins us a view -- telephone tonight I understand that's the campers were coming to grips with news of the bombing in Oslo . You went to -- chocolates at one of the shops at the top of the island. And then Wendy how did you ", 'Anders Behring Breivik to Face Judge in Norway  for Oslo  Bombing, Youth Camp Shootings', "Out of that savage shooting in  Norway  the left so many data that youth camp the court today ABC's Miguel Marquez has an  Oslo  right now. With the latest good morning massive remote controlled bomb in central  Oslo . Possibly can. A distraction. Seven ", "Out of that savage shooting in Norway the left so many data that youth camp the man who confessed to the horrific massacre that killed 93 people. -- said He wanted to start a revolution to take this country back from Muslims and other immigrants now he's in court today ABC's Miguel Marquez has an Oslo right now. With the latest good morning again. Robin Anders bearing bright it is in court right now He has admitted killing ", 'twin attacks in  Norway . At least 84 island outside  Oslo  gunmen is a police capital city of  Oslo  such an unlikely target for terror  Norway  is a tiny tiny at 32 year old  Norwegian  man. And police island outside  Oslo  good morning Miguel of this area of  Norway . The prime minister ', "now beginning to understand the scope of the shocking twin attacks in Norway . At least 84 people were killed at that youth camp on an island outside Oslo -- gunmen -- is a police officer. Went on a horrific Rampage. He pulled out a handgun and opened fire everyone in sight. And for -- the only escape was a water take a look at this video so startling teenagers swimming for their lives. And just a couple of hours before this at least two blasts tore through buildings. In the capital city of Oslo such an unlikely target for terror Norway is a tiny tiny country that place where they hand out the Nobel Peace Prize. This morning we now know who is behind the attacks at 32 year old Norwegian man. And police say this is a case of domestic terrorism with no link to Islamic terrorist. Deadliest attack on that country since World War II. And let's get right over ABC's Miguel Marquez who has the very latest from -- -- island outside Oslo good morning Miguel. Good morning beyond what you're looking at the island where this tragedy took place it's a sharp contradiction to the beauty of this area of Norway . The prime minister of the country now calling this. A national tragedy. The gunmen dressed as a policeman arrive on Victoria island ", "The shooting started about two hours after a massive bomb shattered downtown Oslo the prime minister's office was targeted at least seven people were killed there. Police have identified the shooter as a 32 year old Norwegian in Christian fundamentalist state television has identified him as -- bearing brave it on line He expressed right wing and anti Muslim ", "this letting them because. Had just been a bomb attack in  Oslo  with forum village of people on the about. you're just and prayers go out to you and your friends and everyone. In  Norway  thank you for trying to very much for your.", 'and prayers go out to you and your friends and everyone. In Norway thank you for trying to -- very much for your. ', 'Breaking news out of  Oslo Norway  two explosions and Or truck bomb  Norway  has been on height threats against  Norwegian  officials. Last year there were three  Norwegians  arrested. The fight of a bomb squad.  Norway  also has troops point last year a  Norwegian  Paper reprinted ', 'the likelihood that this was a very large car. Or truck bomb Norway has been on height. And sense of security alerts page Iraqi born cleric was charged their last week from making. Death threats against Norwegian officials. Last year there were three Norwegians arrested. The fight to al-Qaeda. That were arrested for for making bombs and being part of a bomb squad. Norway also has troops in Afghanistan and felt that they support the operation in live view of both of those lightning rods and perhaps even more. To the point last year a Norwegian Paper reprinted those Danish cartoons -- positive firestorm. ', "argue about her good going to have power you by the way let's just check in with humans human right bye week. We will we  Norway  but is the wedding coming and it is it day seven. Days build it up pirate ship yeah but does Davis know it is building ", 'just check in with humans human right bye week. We will we Norway but is the wedding coming -- and it is it -- -- -- day seven. Days -- build it up pirate ship ']