['Find out what decision this woman made as her car began to sink underwater that saved her life.', "bridge and I felt like i was going to be okay if I could stop on the bridge. Reporter: But she couldn't and her red 2007  chrysler  plummeted 40 feet and hit the water like concrete. My eyes were closed. My mouth filled up with water really fast. I got ", "stop on the bridge. Reporter: But she couldn't and her red 2007 chrysler plummeted 40 feet and hit the water like concrete. My eyes were closed. My mouth filled up with water really fast. I ", "detroit? I'm hoping this will be a new start. Detroiters are a very resilient people. And we have a, you know, we had  chrysler  and general motors that the federal government helped in their bankruptcy, they came back and they are doing well. Detroit ", 'a very resilient people. And we have a, you know, we had chrysler and general motors that the federal government helped in their bankruptcy, they came back and they are doing well. Detroit is an ', 'this will be a new start the orders are you were very very resilient. People. And we have a variety you know when we hit  Chrysler  and General Motors that. That the federal government helped and there. Bankruptcy. They came back and they are doing well ', 'resilient. People. And we have a variety you know when we hit Chrysler and General Motors that. That the federal government helped and there. Bankruptcy. They came back and they are doing well Detroit has ', "bag? Just my laptop. What kind of car is this? Tell me what kind of car it is. Huh? It's your car? Yeah. It's a  chrysler . I'm going to ask you step out and you're going to step out with me. Show me your hands. My hands are up. My hands ", "kind of car it is. Huh? It's your car? Yeah. It's a chrysler . I'm going to ask you step out and you're going to step out with me. Show me your hands. My hands are ", "News about gigantic jeep recall from earlier this month.  Chrysler  initially defied the government refusing to recall more than customers it will conduct a voluntary campaign. The fix,  chrysler  won't add any she willing to the tank. Instead it will install ", "of the obama's. News about gigantic jeep recall from earlier this month. Chrysler initially defied the government refusing to recall more than 1 million models despite claims that 51 people died from fires after the ", "concerns for its customers it will conduct a voluntary campaign. The fix, chrysler won't add any she willing to the tank. Instead it will install a trailer hitch on a 1993 to 1998 cherokee and ", "morning, robin. Well, this morning  chrysler  is refusing to recall those vehicles vehicle. It's a recall that could cost  chrysler  hundreds of millions of dollars. At spilling from the grand cheer question,  chrysler  claims the tests were too severe. But ", "the latest. Good morning, lisa. Reporter: Good morning, robin. Well, this morning chrysler is refusing to recall those vehicles. Nearly 3 million of them to add extra protection around the fuel tank which sits near the rear of the vehicle. It's a recall that could cost chrysler hundreds of millions of dollars. At least 51 people have died in fiery crashes involving the older model jeeps according to the ", 'students show the danger, simulated fuel spilling from the grand cheer question, chrysler claims the tests were too severe. But the government points to accidents like this one on a virginia highway last october when ', "roared. It all happened in probably 20, 25 seconds. Reporter: This morning chrysler insists that the vehicles are safe and are not defective and no recall is necessary. The bottom line is dollars. This recall will cost chrysler $300 million but that's a small price to pay to save the lives of kids dying in fire crashes in jeeps. Reporter: Now, chrysler is also insisting this morning that the government's analysis which has been going on for nearly three years is incomplete and it says that it -- it says the cars are safe and they meet all government standards. If chrysler refuses to budge, well, then the government may have to sue to force this recall. ", 'collision. Tonight the government requested that  chrysler  issue a giant recall.  Chrysler  saying no. So what does this mean? Lisa stark the national highway administration called on  chrysler  to recall all older jep grand cherokees and jeep ', 'to gasoline fires in a rear-end collision. Tonight the government requested that chrysler issue a giant recall. Chrysler saying no. So what does this mean? Lisa stark has been investigating this issue for three years, and tonight she has the ', 'tests were too severe. But today the national highway administration called on chrysler to recall all older jep grand cherokees and jeep grand liberties, saying the people in the vehicles and in striking vehicles have burned to death in rear-impact crashes. The problem, according to the government is the fuel tank location. Right behind the rear axle, and slightly below the bumper. Chrysler moved the tank in later models, it says, for design reasons. Jennel embri has been waging a campaign against the jeeps after ', "has to be done. It can't be done soon enough. Reporter: But chrysler is refusing the recall, ins the government's three-year long investigation is based on an incomplete analysis. The automaker says the vehicles are safe and are not defective. We believe that av chrysler has time to think about this, see the public reaction, they'll do the right thing and recall the jeeps. Janel who can ", "wants to pose for a picture here. On the Eagles of the 61 floor of New York's famed  Chrysler  Building. Such an iconic place everybody has of the  Chrysler  Building Will Smith was hanging out on on the men in black three you do need to break ", "here. On the Eagles of the 61 floor of New York's famed Chrysler Building. Such an iconic place everybody has -- of the Chrysler Building Will Smith was hanging out on on the men in black three you do need to break -- Laser alignment is ", "He's not done yet. If he gets permission he wants to do it right in new york between the empire state building and the  chrysler  building. I don't know if he's going to get that permission. Again, like what we saw him with you in niagara falls to ", "it right in new york between the empire state building and the chrysler building. I don't know if he's going to get that permission. Again, like what we saw him with you in niagara falls ", "number three. I would pay me. Thanks. That's that would be pretty aggressive for Honda five. She and the  Chrysler Town  &  Country  is one less than that was your. Pretty the Odyssey I mean. It's like and It is very much and it has 171000 ", "That's that would be pretty aggressive for Honda five. She and the Chrysler Town & Country is one less than that was -- -- -- your. Pretty the Odyssey I mean. It's like -- and ", "from apple and the tech sector over to  Chrysler  because they're doing right now with jeeps possibly catching fire in collision  Chrysler  though is kind of in its heels in refusing been a long running disagreement between  Chrysler  and the government as to whether a recall ", "and it moved away from apple and the tech sector over to Chrysler because they're doing right now with -- federal government can recommendations -- recalls. To their jeeps possibly catching fire in -- collision Chrysler though is kind of -- in its heels in refusing. To take action immediately -- what what's going on a. Case -- -- kind of -- obviously it's been a long running disagreement between Chrysler and the government as to whether a recall is warranted basically crisis says the gas tank design is pretty standard and all the accidents were -- the fatalities reported when he's very high speed collisions that basically any gas -- might have caught fire on. So I guess they're gonna take it to another level this -- several years ago with Chrysler as well as it happens. Where they contested it and actually Chrysler and their kids coming out ahead. In a court fight about it so it's definitely usually usually -- you know the car companies are willing to put out a big recall which usually just means in kind of minor modification -- the dealer. This may be is a little bit more involved if there were to recall these and so that's what price of -- is worth its while at least two actually -- this fight. Interest obviously a big bucks are involved in that same time Amin now lives and safety if drivers. Its first report -- -- a lot of people's minds. Repercussion is that if -- if Chrysler -- and act immediately. Well looks like it would have to go to -- and I think ultimately give the the highway traffic safety administration ends up. Winning if it goes to a court got battle I guess the implication would be that Chrysler would probably have to excuse to recall be ordered by courts do so who knows -- there be fines involved as well. ", "well let's get right to that minivan next there state of the art understand. Yes it's the new 2008  Chrysler Town  &  Country . And  Chrysler  is owned the minivan market because they've always innovated there's a lot of examples of those innovations ", "there state of the art -- understand. Yes it's the new 2008 Chrysler Town & Country. And Chrysler is owned the minivan market because they've always innovated -- there's a lot of examples of those innovations on this one. This ", "clear attempt to appeal to the broadest. Possible audience. Before it's too late. Do you have a big family.  Chrysler Town  &  Country  minivan with thirteen. thirteen. Cup holders. Goes on sale this fall it as second row seats that swivel to ", "Possible audience. Before it's too late. Do you have a big family. Chrysler Town & Country minivan with thirteen. -- thirteen. Cup holders. Goes on sale this fall it as second row seats that swivel ", "The Donnelly  Chrysler  announcement means every American auto workers and 2000 salaried managers.  Chrysler  leadership hopes the pink slips along production capacity. Capacity that  Chrysler  was paying for even one it wasn't ", "The Donnelly -- Chrysler announcement means every American auto company is undergoing major restructuring to deal with falling sales and massive financial losses. The German American auto maker based in Stuttgart says it lost more than 162. Million dollars in the US during the fourth quarter. To turn around its American unit thirteen thousand workers will be laid off in the next three years. About 111000 hourly union workers and 2000 salaried managers. Chrysler -- leadership hopes the pink slips along with plant closings and cutbacks we'll eliminate extra production capacity. Capacity that Chrysler was paying for even one it wasn't being used. In addition to today's announcement Dimon chairman Dieter Zetsche said the company is considering other options -- Which might include selling Chrysler off altogether. Ford announced its way forward plan in January of last year and was forced to make further cuts in late ", "something to cheer about as ABC's Jake Tapper explains. The from  Chrysler  ran during halftime of the Super Bowl and featured Clint Eastwood their political patrons I was frankly offended but I'm.  Chrysler  insists the ad was political and Eastwood davis' Republican ", "something to cheer about as ABC's Jake Tapper explains. The -- from Chrysler ran during halftime of the Super Bowl and featured Clint Eastwood talking about how it was also at halftime lead in America ", "something to repay their political patrons I was frankly offended but I'm. Chrysler insists the ad was -- political and Eastwood davis' Republican New -- history was decidedly not trying to make Obama's day. I'm ", "finance books it's your thoughts on  Chrysler  because they came out with fair Q1 numbers don't under the headline. You see that  Chrysler  is revamping revising and re releasing figure the US recovering slightly so  Chrysler  has confirmed that they're better off ", "risk you gotta update those finance books -- it's your thoughts on Chrysler because they came out with fair Q1 numbers this morning what was the big standout. Well this and I was that the earnings were down -- much from a year before Britain don't under the headline. You see that Chrysler is revamping revising and re releasing a lot of different models and so what they've done. Is they pulled back some sales ", "heard this news before Europe. Go figure the US recovering slightly so Chrysler has confirmed that they're better off than they were five years ago but not exactly hitting on all cylinders if you will. Absolutely will take the -- on a Monday morning and I think things are cut -- in Detroit what's -- are ready to stay competitive with Ford and GM. -- got to stay where they are riches in the distant rear view mirror Chrysler's not gonna catch up to those guys and nor should -- really try they're kind of a plug in charge. It's no longer the Big Three so much it's kind of GM which is -- government related company whatever Chrysler's doing and Ford. Right there in the middle united -- depends on these brands -- -- present in the back half of ", "wanted this to resemble a New York. Experience from the artwork on the ship's haul to the sculptures of statue of liberty and  Chrysler  Building ice bar to the ocean blue restaurant famed New York City shaft and Food Network star. Jeffries and three hot dogs ", "on the ship's haul to the sculptures of statue of liberty and Chrysler Building -- ice bar to the ocean blue restaurant -- famed New York City shaft and Food Network star. Jeffries -- -- ", 'agricultural products. Even as we have a long way to go our automobile exports are up nearly. 50%. And our Big Three. Four  Chrysler  and GM are selling more cars in Korea. And as president clock and I agreed to make sure that we. Continue to fully implement ', 'our automobile exports are up nearly. 50%. And our Big Three. Four Chrysler and GM are selling more cars in Korea. And as president clock and I agreed to make sure that we. Continue to ', "And we have news tonight about a strong showing in the fragile u.S. Economy. The big u.S. Auto makers, gm, ford,  chrysler , showing real signs of life. The strongest spring sales in five years. Abc's chief business correspondent rebecca jarvis ", "in the fragile u.S. Economy. The big u.S. Auto makers, gm, ford, chrysler , showing real signs of life. The strongest spring sales in five years. Abc's chief business correspondent rebecca jarvis tells us which vehicles "]