["Those old enough to remember the days of paced oriented approach than its entrenched NFL competition, the league not day game that's become a weekly staple in househ...", "The New York Giants ' action-packed 38-35 game losing streak the team will carry into a crucial final quarter of this 2011 season.So when Big Blue staggers into Jerr...", "While starting out a season strong may not be a guaranteed indicator of future success for NFL teams, there's no question it helps the cause. And in the case of the ...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.CLEVELAND BROWNS AT CINCINNATI BENGALS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Browns - QB Thaddeus Lewis , FB Owen Marecic...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS AT GREEN BAY PACKERS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Buccaneers - CB Anthony Gaitor, S Tanard ...", "For the first time since 1994 -- the NFL's 75th anniversary - there will be someone other than Jeff Fisher roaming the sidelines for the Tennessee Titans .Titans own...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.PHILADELPHIA EAGLES AT ATLANTA FALCONS , 8:20 P.M. (ET)Eagles - QB Vince Young , S Jaiquawn Jarrett...", "If there's a game on this week's NFL 1 at the moment and potentially holds major ramifications to the conference playoff race down the road.Unfortunately, only about...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.OAKLAND RAIDERS AT HOUSTON TEXANS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Raiders - CB Chris Johnson , CB Chimdi Chekwa , T...", "The New York Jets and Pittsburgh Steelers probably don't like one another very much, but the two teams do share quite a bit in common. Same can be said for the Phila...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS AT PHILADELPHIA EAGLES , 1:00 P.M. (ET)49ers - WR Braylon Edwards , G Daniel Ki...", "Jacksonville Jaguars coach Jack Del Rio's job is safe for another year. His role as defensive play caller is over, though.Team owner Wayne Weaver talked with about 1...", "A prominent central Iowa high school football coach died after being shot multiple times in the school's weight room Wednesday by a former player, police said.Mark B...", 'In the two weeks since Mock Draft 4.0 was published, Donovan McNabb was traded to a division rival, the Browns picked up a starting linebacker and a starting cornerb...', "Jacksonville quarterback David Garrard moved his offense easily through the Atlanta Falcons' defense.Atlanta quarterback Matt Ryan was just as impressive against the...", "Chad Henne rebounds from Miami's preseason opener, lights up Jaguars in 27-26 victory", 'Chad Henne probably wishes he could play every game in Jacksonville.Eight months after picking apart the Jaguars in the regular season, Henne did it again in a prese...', "It's been a rough week. Trust me, I know.You've talked more hockey in March then you ever expected you would.Taylor Mays was seemingly recorded at 10 different 40 ti..."]