["The 12th-ranked Wisconsin Badgers begin their 2012 at home, as they welcome the Northern Iowa Panthers to Madison for a showdown at Camp Randall Stadium.Bret Bielema's squad made its second straight Rose Bowl appearance, capturing the Big Ten title with a victory over the Michigan State Spartans in the inaugural Big Ten Championship Game. Despite winning the conference, the season ended on a sour note, as Wisconsin lost a shootout with the Oregon Ducks, as the two schools combined for a Rose Bowl record 83 points (45-38).UNI is an FCS powerhouse, entering the season as the ninth-ranked team in the land. Head coach Mark Farley enters his 12th season at the helm and is looking for his 100th victory (99-40). He has led the Panthers to seven conference titles, seven playoff appearances, three national semifinal appearances and one national title game. Last season, NIU finished 10-3 overall, including a 7-1 finish in the MVFC, good for a first-place tie.This marks the first-ever meeting bet...", 'Montee Ball ran for 142 yards with three scores 7 rout of Indiana at Camp Randall Stadium.James White added 87 yards with a touchdown on the ground and Wilson threw ...', 'House lawmakers demanded Wednesday to see the drug test that showed Baltimore Orioles first baseman Rafael Palmeiro ( search ) tested positive for steroids. Palmeiro...', "Wisconsin not quite over fluMonday, September 14, 2009 By COLIN FLY, AP Sports WriterPrintWisconsin's not quite over the flu.Badgers coach Bret Bielema said Monday a...", 'Harry Houck and Bill Daly discuss the issues related to Mass. police officer who released Boston Bomber crime scene photos. Did he harm the case?', '2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: Since Bret Bielema took over as head coach in 2006, Wisconsin has established itself as one of the perennial top dogs in the Big Ten. Coming o...', 'Ohio State is one and done as No. 1, after Wisconsin bullied the Buckeyes all over the field then celebrated by jumping around on it with a few thousand friends.John...', 'The 20th-ranked Penn State Nittany Lions visit ranked Wisconsin Badgers this Saturday, with the winner claiming a spot in the inaugural Big Ten Conference Championsh...', 'Two first-half blunders by Wisconsin allowed UNLV to stay close, even though the Badgers had dominated the first two quarters.In the second half, Wisconsin eliminate...', "To make sure that a two-game funk didn't snowball into a lost season, No. 19 Wisconsin returned to the familiar formula that worked so well earlier: Keep handing the...", 'The UNLV Rebels have the unenviable task of ranked Wisconsin Badgers .Bobby Hauck posted a staggering 80-17 record as the head coach of Montana, so when he decided t...']