['Josh Elliott and Sam Champion celebrate National Hot Dog Day with delicious franks.', "for full coverage from the  Bahamas  where the destruction began ABC's Lindsey Davis in  Nassau . Light Green blue into the  Bahamas  with the free. The top storm pass just east of  Nassau . Many feel they've dodged ", "So tonight our reporters are standing up for full coverage from the Bahamas where the destruction began to North Carolina where they're evacuating tonight. To New York City. Now -- I reams cross hairs and our weather editor Sam Champion tracking it all with the latest forecast. That's coming right up but we Begin with -- ABC's Lindsey Davis in Nassau . Light Green blue into the Bahamas with the -- free. The top one point five miles per hour. About two thirds of its still without power tonight and ", "and since the worst part of the storm pass just east of Nassau . Many feel they've dodged a bullet. You don't have to look far to see the sheer strength of Irene this -- right ", 'off the plane here in the capital of  Nassau . Police arrested him early Sunday confiscate a firearm. The ended up in the  Bahamas  after he crash landed a stolen plane flew more than a thousand miles to the  Bahamas . All the way Harris Moore seemed to ', 'police. Has he got off the plane here in the capital of Nassau . Police arrested him early Sunday on a remote islands after he tried one more daring escape. This one in a stolen boat. After a brief chase the suspect was taken into custody without incident. Police officers were able to confiscate a firearm. The -- ended up in the Bahamas after he crash landed a stolen plane here a week ago a plane he learned to fly by playing video games. Police ', "Caribbean cruise ship when a fire broke out I'm bored being Granger the was. Sealing off the coast of Florida bound for the  Bahamas  the fire was contained to one Two passengers were treated after the cause of that fire is under investigation.", 'the -- was. Sealing off the coast of Florida bound for the Bahamas the fire was contained to one -- Two passengers were treated after -- the cause of that fire is under investigation. ', 'Owens was in the  Bahamas . As the Barefoot in the capital of  Nassau  flanked by every ago here in the  Bahamas . A plane he learned landed here in the  Bahamas . What kind of teenager like perp walk.  Bahamian  officials are so ', "obviously I don't have a -- -- -- the FBI told the Bahamian Police to stop. This guy at any cost and the cost is going to be my vote. It was a total team effort -- -- member. This is crazy. You guys realize was the president cited evidence of the crazy story I mean it and indicate the FBI appointment -- -- for more than two years and all of a sudden boom he -- he runs and you guys. Sucks for him -- from. Late today Colton Harris Moore made one more trip. This one to the airport in the Bahamas Where he was flown back to the United States this time in the passenger seat. Tonight he's locked up in Miami and is ultimately headed back to the Pacific northwest. A place he's been running from -- so long. I'm Ryan Owens for Nightline in Nassau the Bahamas . ", 'daughter in the  Bahamas . And then country the  Bahamas . Notes are is in the  Bahamas  in the custody hearing in  Nassau  to look at buried in the  Bahamas  she wants buried in the  Bahamas  how long Stearns  Bahamian  counsel ', "-- on Monday because there is a custody hearing scheduled for the Bahamas I assume that you'll be at that custody here. I actually will not be attacked at the hearing that's going to be handled by mr. Stearns Bahamian counsel. But mr. stern will be it's incredible lawyer for mr. -- me neither mr. stern will be there. Mr. stern -- be there I just find it interesting that Friday -- in. Courts of Florida saying that they have jurisdiction. That's the position of -- American council. All the while she's got a pending petition. Going in the Bahamas and set for Monday. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- I'm sorry you're going -- ", 'the case at club crush. The glitzy  Bahamas  social haven created just for teenagers Atlantis casino and who killed in the  Bahamas . With entry restricted to ages thirteen for Nightline at the Atlantis in the  Bahamas  you could called purgatory.', "the velvet ropes that's not the case at club crush. The glitzy Bahamas social haven created just for teenagers ABC's Matt Gutman grabs a mock -- and joins the fun. Dancing -- and as the ", 'bowels of the city sized Atlantis casino and who killed in the Bahamas . With entry restricted to ages thirteen seventeen exclusive clubs like this are the newest -- luxury resorts are trying to attract teenagers. ', "there. I'm that got -- for Nightline at the Atlantis in the Bahamas you could called purgatory. ", 'cruise ship that caught fire in the middle of the night. Passengers now being sent home and matt gutman joins us from the  bahamas  where the ship is docked. Good morng, matt. Reporter: Good morning, robin. A terrifying experience. All passengers ', 'Passengers now being sent home and matt gutman joins us from the bahamas where the ship is docked. Good morng, matt. Reporter: Good morning, robin. A terrifying experience. All passengers who were nearly loaded on ', "accidents. That's about one fatality in four million. Still cruiseship passengers are a captive audience. Reporter: Because they are floating cities on the sea, often with thousands aboard. Matt gutman, abc news, freeport,  bahamas .", 'on the sea, often with thousands aboard. Matt gutman, abc news, freeport, bahamas . ', 'still going to wake told. put on like Jack. The ship with over 2200 passengers on board had left Baltimore Friday for the  Bahamas  with a fire broke out in golf and dining and bar area. Passenger Danielle Miller with all of the ship along with her friend ', 'with over 2200 passengers on board had left Baltimore Friday for the Bahamas with a fire broke out in golf and dining and bar area. Passenger Danielle Miller with all of the ship along with ', 'very Canada called the  Bahamas  and for more of this drama been on assignment in the  Bahamas  a very important assignment body. Should go to the  Bahamas  that She did express through and it in front of the  Bahamian  Supreme Court and they ', "Is not is not there yet there when we were in the Bahamas they'd there was a very very raucous. Little hearing well it with a hearing itself with a raucous extended to the press outside -- -- On Monday and it in front of the Bahamian Supreme Court and they said. Come back march 16 and will continue looking at this but -- -- -- summoned in the beast that Bahamian courts are not open to the public at this level -- the -- for the media. So we can only -- reports second hand but Deborah -- one of the lawyers. For their Larry Birkhead. Suggested that. There would be a request for DNA even though DNA is not required by hit by Bahamian -- -- prove paternity so. Hey this soap opera continues and there was one other case in this three ring circus just resolve minutes ago. In Fort Lauderdale before a family court judge I'm sorry I didn't bring my flow chart today if you're getting confused here but. This is the third court that's its hearing all of this. Judge. -- He seemed inclined today again to reject and say listen she lived in the Bahamas she was -- to the Bahamas . That babies in the -- it's another country the will was written written in California. The fact that she died is the ", "expected to grow and strengthen in the Caribbean. North Carolina residents are already prepping for the worst here in the  Bahamas  businesses are boarding up. And many tourists are lining up to get out of harm's way. Honeymooners Jennifer and Todd ", "North Carolina residents are already prepping for the worst here in the Bahamas businesses are boarding up. And many tourists are lining up to get out of harm's way. Honeymooners Jennifer and Todd staffers spent ", "rescue at sea a plane carrying a father and daughter from Florida suddenly losing power crashing into the water near the  Bahamas  the narrowly escaping. Thinks of the pilots fast thinking and the rapid response to the Coast Guard ABC's Matt Gutman ", "daughter from Florida suddenly losing power crashing into the water near the Bahamas the -- narrowly escaping. Thinks of the pilots fast thinking and the rapid response to the Coast Guard ABC's Matt Gutman is ", "We have just been getting punished at all night but it is you'll win the the rain and overall sir then that's not actually on what's on the dry side of the hurricanes so this is what looks like it feels like it's that proverbial. I'll pull and I can only imagine the impact in the center mall I read", 'admitted planning is the  Bahamas  cruise that sounds good it pairs of four days.  Bahamas  cruise on the Norwegian four nights it goes to  Grand Bahama  island great stir up K and  Nassau  and and includes entertainment ', "NASA's budget courses are another trip that -- admitted planning is the Bahamas cruise that sounds good at least from Miami Beach way to get here desolate travel -- and dreams is also another company that we use a -- -- in our budget travel real -- section and with this it's a seven day package becomes 2565. Dollars and a and it pairs of four days. -- Bahamas cruise on the Norwegian sky. With -- three -- oceanfront stay in Miami Beach in the Casablanca hotel right on Miami Beach -- -- -- -- do the armed crews first or the hotel -- first. With this -- with this cruise package. You're going for four nights it goes to Grand Bahama island great stir up K and Nassau and and includes entertainment drinks dining it's pretty great -- -- Sounds great -- is compared to a typical cruise that might ", "sleep just. They went to the Westin  Grand Bahama  island resort just one of many hotels and content which the locals call  Bahamian  Viagra. And that all important time exciting and what better place and the  Bahamas . We weren't trying to conceive ", 'for little. -- relaxation. And sleep just. They went to the Westin Grand Bahama island resort just one of many hotels that understand. Want to -- parents -- some special attention. Couples massages to smooth out distress fertility fees -- romance enhancing the lip service. Pumpkin soup and content which the locals call Bahamian Viagra. And that all important time together some major -- -- scores. And it -- we -- All right and here we ', 'the scene was a modest  Bahamian  Baptist Church. Have a Airport for the trip to the  Bahamas  her estranged mother Arthur the remains out of the  Bahamas . And the very next step days. Reporting in the  Bahamas  on tomorrow morning ABC ', 'but instead of the traditional red carpet the scene was a modest Bahamian Baptist Church. Have a model and Playboy playmate Anna Nicole Smith who was -- imply that this morning. Wearing a tiara and ', "New York. Aboard BMW YX six. The range of mobile I'm going to Dylan just won't booking trips. Cancun Mexico. The  Bahamas . Nieminen I was dead in every day you this. Unbelievable life. With money flowing effort. What was that like. Excitement ", "to Dylan just -- -- -- won't booking trips. Cancun Mexico. The Bahamas . Nieminen -- I was dead in every day you -- -- this. Unbelievable life. With money flowing effort. What was that like. ", 'Peace. It happened to Stephanie joie bound about his religious and Piece of wood cave diving for a search project in the  Bahamas  she suddenly lost her guide in an instant her life was on the line. Suddenly realize that I was in trouble if I knew my ', 'Piece of wood -- cave diving for a search project in the Bahamas she suddenly lost her guide -- in an instant her life was on the line. Suddenly realize that I was in trouble ']