['About Whitney HoustonWhitney Elizabeth Houston (August 9, 1963  - February 11, 2012) was an American recording artist, actress, producer, and model. In 2009, the Guinness World Records cited her as the most-awarded female act of all-time. Houston was also one of the world\'s best-selling music artists, having sold over 170 million albums, singles and videos worldwide. She released seven studio albums and three movie soundtrack albums, all of which have diamond, multi-platinum, platinum or gold certification.Houston\'s crossover appeal on the popular music charts, as well as her prominence on MTV, starting with her video for "How Will I Know", influenced several African-American female artists to follow in her footsteps.', 'Always Love You," a song written by country music star Dolly Parton and brought to a global audience by the late  Whitney Houston , before transitioning into her hit "Halo." It was just one of several reactions from celebrities and artists following ', 'night to clear up some things about her relationship with Nick Gordon. First, after a year of denying the rumors,  Whitney Houston \'s daughter, the star of "The Houstons: On Our Own," confirmed she\'s engaged to Gordon. She also said that ', 'career, "The Sopranos." The work of other artists have surged in sales after their deaths. In the 24 hours after  Whitney Houston  died on Feb. 11, 2012, 64,000 copies of the album, "Whitney: The Greatest Hits" were sold . Within about ', 'may just be the worst airline passengers ever. The  Whitney Houston  Impersonator An American Airlines flight was forced week when a female passenger refused to stop singing  Whitney Houston  songs . AA Flight 4 was en route from Los Angles to ', 'Woman Singing Whitney Houston  Songs Forces Emergency Landing of American Airlines Flight', "An American Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing when a female passenger refused to stop singing  Whitney Houston  songs. AA Flight No. 4 was en route from Los Angles to New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport on May ", 'this pop star sensation enjoys listening to when she works out? She says Bruno Mars\' "Locked Out of Heaven" and  Whitney Houston \'s "I Wanna Dance With Somebody" are two of her current favorites. Spears also reveals that she does Nutrisystem ', "Prior to their engagement in May 2010, Brown and Etheridge dated for three years following Brown's split with  Whitney Houston  in 2007. The couple has one child, Cassius, born in 2009.", 'relationship portrayed in the epic 1992 romance thriller, " The Bodyguard " -- the story about a music star, played by  Whitney Houston , who falls in love with her bodyguard, played by Kevin Costner, after he is hired to protect her from a stalker ', 'those so-called "golden ears." Not only did he discover talent as wide-ranging as Janis Joplin, Santana,  Whitney Houston  and Alicia Keys, he has recorded everyone from Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen to Dionne Warwick and Aretha Franklin ', 'stars, Clive Davis. Davis is the man behind the music. He is the mogul who shaped the careers of music legends  Whitney Houston , Alicia Keys, Sean "Diddy" Combs, Carlos Santana, Barry Manilow, Jennifer Hudson and more. At 80, Davis is ', 'those so-called "golden ears." Not only did he discover talent as wide-ranging as Janis Joplin, Santana,  Whitney Houston  and Alicia Keys, he has recorded everyone from Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen to Dionne Warwick and Aretha Franklin ', 'it has been a busy year for  Whitney Houston \'s family since her tragic death Click Here to See Photos of  Whitney Houston  Through the Years Bobbi Kristina called hysterically the night of  Whitney Houston \'s death, shouting, "they ', "wanna see the real deal come on over to new York and communities. More here in New York City I Bob. Christina brown  Whitney Houston 's that child must clear some things that about 43 years old straight FaceBook on Tuesday night she said a bunch ", "-- More here in New York City I -- Bob. Christina brown Whitney Houston's that child must clear some things that about 43 years old straight FaceBook on Tuesday night she said a bunch of things. ", "turbulent marriage behind her  Whitney Houston  was on her own. And searching she just didn't sound like  Whitney Houston . Baghdad became more apparent talk so much to my life. Then  Whitney Houston  announced the world tour she ", "With her turbulent marriage behind her Whitney Houston was on her own. And searching for a comeback. -- I think everybody wanted to come back from what -- everybody's fingers ", "-- Compare. -- -- It sounded good she just didn't sound like Whitney Houston . Baghdad became more apparent the more she performed. As the strains on the once golden voice intensified. During a difficult performance on Good Morning America Whitney openly acknowledged the problem. You know I talk so much to my life. -- -- -- Then Whitney Houston announced the world tour she went on tour. The people walked out. People walked out and asked for their money back. In ", "brand and the image. OK. News. More importantly it was corrosive to Whitney Houston . Possibly her worst fears coming true. And making it even more difficult. Was the fact that Houston's misfires came at a time ", "well. Did you saying that we do we just heard from  Whitney Houston 's mom. Yesterday to let him come out yet she talked really really I think just sheds light on the entire  Whitney Houston  thing just another layer of paint ball and considering ", "very well. Did you saying that we do we just heard from Whitney Houston's mom. Yesterday -- -- to let him come out yet she talked about. Bobby brown and how you -- she felt the ", "-- that's really really I think just sheds light on the entire Whitney Houston thing -- just another layer of paint ball and -- -- considering she was such superstars and the fact that. That another ", "We can't forget that that reporting at the National Anthem before Super Bowl 25 went platinum.  Whitney Houston 's golden was the soundtrack of a generation. here just some of our greatest hits. Yeah yeah.", "that reporting at the National Anthem before Super Bowl 25 went platinum. Whitney Houston's golden -- was the soundtrack of a generation. -- here just some of our greatest hits. Yeah yeah. ", "Welcome back everybody here Friday skinny here more fallout from  Whitney Houston 's feral Republican is go about how that national enquirer. Publication got the photo of her in the casket from the the day before ", "Welcome back everybody -- here Friday skinny here more fallout from Whitney Houston's feral Republican is go about how that national enquirer. Publication got the photo of her in the casket from the -- the ", "about that attracted national. He was. On To. Address and to ask for upon them. You know when that big she was  Whitney .  Houston . And any man. Who stepped up to the plate was going to become mr. used to. Everybody can't handle that have ", "for -- upon them. You know when -- that big she was Whitney . Houston . And any man. Who stepped up to the plate was going to become mr. used to. -- Everybody can't handle that have "]