["bleh-ree-OH') became the first person to fly an  airplane  across the English Channel, traveling from Calais 747-400, ripping a hole in the fuselage and forcing an  emergency landing  in the Philippines. President George W. Bush signed ", 'Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport. In 1996, when a Federal Express plane with smoke in the cabin made an  emergency landing  at Stewart International Airport in Newburgh, N.Y., rescuers had no idea where the fire was, so they soaked ', '767 ran out of fuel while flying from Montreal to Edmonton; the pilots were able to glide the jetliner to a safe  emergency landing  in Gimli, Manitoba. The near-disaster occurred because the fuel had been erroneously measured in pounds instead ', 'intervention in Afghanistan. In 1989, 111 people were killed when a United Air Lines DC-10 crashed while making an  emergency landing  at Sioux City, Iowa; 185 other people survived. In 1990, President George H.W. Bush joined former presidents ', 'with our customers, suppliers, and other commercial  airplane  manufacturers. We are confident the 787 is safe and catching fire on a plane parked in Boston, and another  emergency landing  in Japan. The batteries and their cases were redesigned ', 'parked in Boston, and another  emergency landing  in Japan. The batteries and Boeing Co. 787 Dreamliner  Emergency Landing  in Houston No Deterrent to Orders June 23, a Boeing 787 made an  emergency landing  in Houston after a brake indicator ', "computer glitch that erroneously indicated a brake problem. Then a 787 flown by Japan's All Nippon Airways made an  emergency landing  after pilots were alerted to battery problems and detected a burning smell. Both Japanese airlines grounded their ", 'and another  emergency landing  in Japan Dreamliner  Emergency Landing  in Houston 787 made an  emergency landing  in Houston the Houston  emergency landing , Dihora said expected with new  airplane  launches ', 'chief Assadullah Shirzad says the helicopter made an  emergency landing  but then flew back to its base on its own. Carniel a term that can mean anything from a crash to an  emergency landing . He says the "aircraft has been recovered."', 'airport. Airport spokesman Ofer Lefler says the plane had apparently suffered a hydraulic problem before making the  emergency landing  Thursday around noon. Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld says all 170 passengers and crew are safe and well. It was ', 'Boeing Co. 787 Dreamliner Emergency Landing  in Houston No Deterrent to Orders Yet', 'A Boeing 787 made an  emergency landing  over the weekend in the latest for sure, yes, and part of new  airplane  launches," said Neal Dihora parked in Boston, and another  emergency landing  in Japan. The batteries and their ', 'Dreamliner en route to Tokyo made an  emergency landing  in Seattle, marking yet another said they\'re aware of the  emergency landing  and "engaged with United to with them on the issue. The  emergency landing  is yet another problem that ', "dumping two vehicles into the water. 2. Plane Makes  Emergency Landing  at Heathrow A British Airways plane made an  emergency landing  at London's Heathrow Airport this morning due to ", 'overnight. An alaska airlines  pilot  lost consciousness in midair of questions. How could the  pilot  suddenly pass out with 116 should keel over is to fly the  airplane . Number one. And try to revive are you flying a commercial  airplane ? More questions to be answers ', "latest details on the scare in the sky overnight. An alaska airlines pilot lost consciousness in midair and collapsed right in front of the passengers. Neal karlinsky has been tracking this all night. Reporter: When the plane landed here in portland overnight, it was met by emergency cruise and lots of questions. How could the pilot suddenly pass out with 116 passengers on board depending on him in the middle of a flight. There's the -- Reporter: If it sounts matter of fact, the scene in the cockpit was anything but. The pilot looses consciousness mid flight. 121 souls on board and approximately 10,000 pounds of fuel. Reporter: It took off from los angeles at 6:30 p.M. Due to land in seattle at 9:30. Portland international said we received a report around 8:50 that an alaska airlines flight was en route to portland because one of the pilots passed out. A passenger said the pilot opened the cabin door and collapsed into the aisle. The copilot took control of the plane, while a doctor on board attended to the captain. It is very rare that we have a pilot pass out, lose consciousness or have a physical impairment in the cockpit. When it does happen, that's the reason we have two people up there very well trained. Reporter: John nance is an abc news consultant and a former pilot for alaska airlines. Your first job if the captain should keel over is to fly the airplane . Number one. And try to revive him and figure out what is going on when you can. Reporter: The plane landed safely and was met by paramedics. Passengers were put on another flight that made to it seattle overnight. The pilot was taken to the hospital. The pilot has been flying for them for 28 years. No word on the medical problem. The first officer is very experienced. He's been flying for alaska for 11 years. Still a lot of questions here, george. Sure are. Must have been so scary to see that pilot go down. And the airline saying it's a pre-existing medical condition. Why with that are you flying a commercial airplane ? More questions to be answers for sure. ", "hours. In richmond, virginia, a  bomb threat  shuts down the city's airport campus remains evacuated after a  bomb threat . Reporter: Students and teachers a plane was forced to make an  emergency landing  in phoenix overnight monday ", "lives of thousands over the last 48 hours. In richmond, virginia, a bomb threat shuts down the city's airport for 3 1/2 hours tuesday. The threat came in by phone. The caller claiming to be with the taliban. A security guard came by and looked at me and said, ma'am, you need to put down the coffee and leave the building. Reporter: Around the same time at princeton university in new jersey. Developing news out of princeton. The campus remains evacuated after a bomb threat . Reporter: Students and teachers were evacuated after separate bomb threats against multiple buildings on campus, splacing thousands. Something's going on. It must be something showing up that they're shutting everything down. Reporter: And in atlanta, two other bomb threats led to massive evacuations. Tuesday's threats came after a plane was forced to make an emergency landing in phoenix overnight monday. F-16 fighter jets escorting the flight from l.A., After someone called in a threat. As in richmond, the ", 'sitting on the plane and the flight crew told us that there was a note that was found in the bathroom with a pen that was  bomb threat . And to be sitting on plane for four hours thinking that at any given time that whole plane could blow up. Well this morning ', 'note that was found in the bathroom with a pen that was bomb threat . And to be sitting on -- plane for four hours thinking that at any given time that whole plane could blow up. ', 'The terrifying  emergency landing  by a Jumbo this with smoke. As the  pilot  radioed that the your heavy. the  airplane  is just trying to the year. This  pilot  able to return safely another example the  pilot  was cool skill ', "most. Risky part of the whole flight because your heavy. -- the airplane is just trying to get away from the ground and if you've also lose one engine -- -- lost half the thrust half the ability of the aircraft to get into the year. This pilot able to return safely to the airport. But of course today's incident is a chilling reminder of what happened -- captain Sullenberger had to fly his US air jet into the Hudson River. Today another example the pilot was cool -- skill. Of course this pilot had a couple of things going for him first of all he was close enough to return. Right to JFK didn't have ", 'about that white knuckle  emergency landing  at Kennedy Airport captured us how the skill of the  pilot  made all the difference Diane before we get to that  pilot  let me tell you something Conroy junior a former navy  pilot . And first officer Larkin ', 'Talking about that white knuckle emergency landing at Kennedy Airport captured on video this weekend 64 people on board. And Lisa stark tells us how the skill of the pilot made all the difference Lisa. Well Diane before we get to that pilot let me tell you something we just learned about this aircraft. This model of plane that Canada regional jet has had previous ', "right wheels remained stubbornly up captain Jack Conroy junior a former navy pilot . And first officer Larkin new -- commonly called controllers for help. Our preference to beat new perceive over Q I JFK and executing our -- -- Atlantic over the air. Great -- and -- here was a danger a mistake in the plane could escape out of control also run away from the worst catch fire. At about 135 miles an hour the pilot touched down on the only landing gear he had using wing flaps to keep the right -- up slightly. Then as the plane slowed down he gently lowered that -- to the ground applying brakes until controls to stay on course. Sparks were flying as the wing scraped the runway. But it was a landing straight out of the pilot's handbook. -- just good training good execution good procedures. Relief for the passengers but the question for a federal investigators did this ", "take off on one engine. Listen as the  pilot  the Air Canada 777. Declares an emergency and flames coming from the plane and the  pilot  turns back to the airport thousands of something breaks it's gonna come off the  airplane  engine manufacturers. Have gone to great ", "to come out somewhere if something breaks it's gonna come off the airplane -- engine manufacturers. Have gone to great likes to ensure that if an engine does fail that parts of that engine don't ", 'seeing and hearing that man as he throws a tantrum on the  airplane . It was on the last leg of a very long flight and passengers in the bathroom of an egypt air flight. That made an  emergency landing  in scotland. No bomb was found on either plane. And ', "seeing and hearing that man as he throws a tantrum on the airplane . It was on the last leg of a very long flight and passengers weren't taking any chances. This is the man federal "]