["turbulent marriage behind her  Whitney Houston  was on her own. And searching she just didn't sound like  Whitney Houston . Baghdad became more apparent talk so much to my life. Then  Whitney Houston  announced the world tour she ", "With her turbulent marriage behind her Whitney Houston was on her own. And searching for a comeback. -- I think everybody wanted to come back from what -- everybody's fingers ", "-- Compare. -- -- It sounded good she just didn't sound like Whitney Houston . Baghdad became more apparent the more she performed. As the strains on the once golden voice intensified. During a difficult performance on Good Morning America Whitney openly acknowledged the problem. You know I talk so much to my life. -- -- -- Then Whitney Houston announced the world tour she went on tour. The people walked out. People walked out and asked for their money back. In ", "brand and the image. OK. News. More importantly it was corrosive to Whitney Houston . Possibly her worst fears coming true. And making it even more difficult. Was the fact that Houston's misfires came at a time ", "well. Did you saying that we do we just heard from  Whitney Houston 's mom. Yesterday to let him come out yet she talked really really I think just sheds light on the entire  Whitney Houston  thing just another layer of paint ball and considering ", "very well. Did you saying that we do we just heard from Whitney Houston's mom. Yesterday -- -- to let him come out yet she talked about. Bobby brown and how you -- she felt the ", "-- that's really really I think just sheds light on the entire Whitney Houston thing -- just another layer of paint ball and -- -- considering she was such superstars and the fact that. That another ", "We can't forget that that reporting at the National Anthem before Super Bowl 25 went platinum.  Whitney Houston 's golden was the soundtrack of a generation. here just some of our greatest hits. Yeah yeah.", "that reporting at the National Anthem before Super Bowl 25 went platinum. Whitney Houston's golden -- was the soundtrack of a generation. -- here just some of our greatest hits. Yeah yeah. ", "Welcome back everybody here Friday skinny here more fallout from  Whitney Houston 's feral Republican is go about how that national enquirer. Publication got the photo of her in the casket from the the day before ", "Welcome back everybody -- here Friday skinny here more fallout from Whitney Houston's feral Republican is go about how that national enquirer. Publication got the photo of her in the casket from the -- the ", "about that attracted national. He was. On To. Address and to ask for upon them. You know when that big she was  Whitney .  Houston . And any man. Who stepped up to the plate was going to become mr. used to. Everybody can't handle that have ", "for -- upon them. You know when -- that big she was Whitney . Houston . And any man. Who stepped up to the plate was going to become mr. used to. -- Everybody can't handle that have ", "Welcome to this bag and we're starting  Whitney Houston 's mom and Sissy who is very upset that she got an leading up to the annual party last year and that  Whitney Houston  died in the hotel. However she performed at that ", "Welcome to this -- -- bag and we're starting -- -- Whitney Houston's mom and Sissy who is very upset that she got an invitation to Clive davis'. Grammy party now -- you may remember. It was the annual party last year or leading up to the annual party last year and that Whitney Houston died in the hotel. However she performed at that party remember that and then and then that last year and then later ", "to sell the tape. Perhaps millions and anybody else making that we'll you right exactly let's Bobbie Kristina  Whitney Houston  yes. Daughter. And her boyfriend have been evicted from their Georgia apartment apparently and this is all about ", "else making that we'll -- you right -- exactly let's Bobbie Kristina Whitney Houston yes. Daughter. And her boyfriend have been evicted from their Georgia apartment apparently and this is all about noise complaints. So they ", "believing it really was it's in Yeah. and we have a problem literally in her first Australian tour since 1988.  Whitney Houston  fans feeling a lot of pointed. The 46 year old apparently cough and eased her way through most of her show at the ", 'we have a problem literally in her first Australian tour since 1988. Whitney Houston -- fans feeling a lot of pointed. The 46 year old apparently cough and -- eased her way through most of her ', 'CC2 Test message CC1 Test m Her death, but this weekend, whitney houston will be back on big screens across america starring in "sparkle" a film she also helped co-produce. It was a project close ', "let's turn on the tv and it's there. There across the bottom, whitney houston passes away. It was like a movie where there was just no reaction. I couldn't move. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't say ", "Back, now, with a look inside  whitney houston 's family. Their new reality series premieres tonight 9834; Reporter: It's been just eight months since  whitney houston  passed away. And while the music industry lost a ", 'woman who has inspired him. His friend the late great  Whitney Houston  and BB joins us now to talk about all of this be great people you do. Tell us about your new book about  Whitney Houston . And why today is especially. beautiful and a day ', 'about the woman who has inspired him. His friend the late great Whitney Houston and BB joins us now to talk about all of this -- be great to see you Q you -- your being ', '-- the people you do. Tell us about your new book about Whitney Houston . And why today is especially. -- beautiful -- -- and a day of senate review yes we and and I say this ', "been ago with the. But nobody ever wanted to hear  Whitney Houston  sounding like this. In 2000 says. That great singing of singers feel like they're getting paid by the  Whitney Houston  never really tried to put so many and runs and turns ", 'never been -- ago with the. But nobody ever wanted to hear Whitney Houston sounding like this. In 2000 says. That great singing voice a shell of its former self. But not for me. If you ', "a lot of singers feel like they're getting paid by the -- Whitney Houston never really tried to put so many -- and runs and turns. Like a lot of her contemporary R&B pop singers were ", "All right so. We a for a long time that  Whitney Houston 's daughter Bobbi it might have a relationship with her adopted brother. That it brought in usage he was a troubled years younger ", "All right so. We -- a -- for a long time that Whitney Houston's daughter Bobbi -- it might have a relationship with her adopted brother. That it -- brought in usage he was a troubled ", "Almost no one had what  Whitney Houston  had a talent so big that fans said and what employees want.  Whitney Houston  and sweet and soaring melting Carolina the queen of soul price.  Whitney Houston 's godmother Aretha Franklin ", 'Almost no one had what Whitney Houston had a talent so big that fans in the millions gave their hearts not -- her songs. But to the woman herself. ', 'world lost its voice won fans said and what employees -- want. Whitney Houston and sweet and soaring melting pot of gospel and soul -- at 48. Last -- alongside the celebration of the -- big ', "direct. And tonight in Charlotte, North Carolina the queen of soul price. Whitney Houston's godmother Aretha Franklin. Remembered her. Okay. Meanwhile today in Los Angeles the corners office ruled out foul play but they said the ", "at the Apollo Theater tonight  Whitney Houston  is being mourned. We need the just said here. We witnessed  Whitney Houston 's trouble spots her difficult the memorial message regarding  Whitney Houston  and we're live in Jamie channel ", 'the greatest love of all and here at the Apollo Theater tonight Whitney Houston is being mourned. We need the marquee at the famed Apollo Theater we found to -- -- taking a walk to overcome ', "The word to didn't work so I'm just said here. We witnessed Whitney Houston's trouble spots her difficult marriage -- Battles with drugs. I think that once over the best way things like that and -- ", "any performer to the State's DNC did. With the memorial message regarding Whitney Houston and we're live in -- Jamie -- channel seven eyewitness. News thank you Amy thank you rather Jamie Whitney Houston grew up of course in the Newark area tonight members of her childhood church are reacting to her death. -- -- grew ", "after learning of the death of  Whitney Houston  that giant voice first heard verge of worldwide stardom.  Whitney Houston 's struggles would also become is coming in late today. We  Whitney Houston 's teenage daughter was to a ", "Remembering that soaring sensational voice after learning of the death of Whitney Houston that giant voice first heard from Houston as a young girl singing and her mother's church choir. But teenager on the verge of worldwide stardom. Whitney Houston's struggles would also become part of her story and in a moment here the music the moments that so move the American audience and her -- and candid words -- our Diane Sawyer. But first tonight the latest on the investigation we now know pills were found inside Whitney -- hotel room authorities say the autopsy is coming in late today. We -- Whitney Houston's teenage daughter was -- to a Los Angeles hospital overwhelmed by stress and anxiety. We Begin here would ABC Cecilia Vega outside ", '-- -- cents announcing her death yesterday. FB 55 PM this afternoon. Whitney Houston was pronounced dead at Beverly Hilton hotel. And today at the same hotel where Houston died one day earlier the -- eighteen ', "try to resuscitate her with CPR to no avail. At 3:55 PM. Whitney Houston is pronounced dead. Last night Whitney's ex husband singer Bobby Brown gave an emotional goodbye to her during a concert. In Tennessee ", "earth. He was unstoppable.  Whitney Houston  the girl with the golden voice you really started to see the  Whitney Houston  it. Take a turn for the worse parole violations. Through it all  Whitney Houston 's stood by her man. I would ", 'things would only come falling. Back down to earth. He was unstoppable. Whitney Houston the girl with the golden voice the undisputed queen of pop in 1992. So. It was then she caught the -- of ', "their stormy marriage. This is when you really started to see the Whitney Houston -- it. Take a turn for the worse where it became not about. The music not about her -- is -- about her voice but it became about. What's she doing with this guy. Bobby went to jail after a chain of arrests for DUY and parole violations. Through it all Whitney Houston's stood by her man. I would -- my -- wanted to be dance with me sure you know everything was cool and ", "No don't know. And what a year after this interview are distraught Whitney Houston called 911 from her Georgia home. -- -- -- And what I think -- are looking at work. Vietnam and. When police ", "the same time. here here's  Whitney Houston . But the end was like really an album in 1985 simply titled  Whitney Houston . We changed the music landscape and youthful exuberance that  Whitney Houston  and in TV sensation. The channel's ", "talent but guts and soul at the same time. -- here here's Whitney Houston . But the end was like really slow in the -- I never forget my mother comes from behind the stage she takes ", 'become queen. Sent. Princess would release an album in 1985 simply titled Whitney Houston . We changed the music landscape for ever put the number one singles saving all my love for you. -- ', "a rare combination of poised self assurance and youthful exuberance that -- Whitney Houston and in TV sensation. The channel's first black female mega star. The head spinning success left little time to prepare -- -- went on to -- So we flew into Houston. Texas and we bought T -- that -- Houston. And then we wrote a W in front of it so we have our our -- share. Whitney Houston songs found that middle ground. The -- middle ground would bring criticism from the fringes. Her close friend singer BB Winans remembers "]