['delayed at major airports because the  faa  is being forced to furlough thousands overnight. This is just the start. The  faa  now warning that as many as 6700 friglights time and fewer eyes in the tower, the  faa  is slowing air traffic for safety. Planes ', 'no end in sight. Flights are delayed at major airports because the faa is being forced to furlough thousands of air traffic controllers. Matt gutman from miami. Reporter: The delays are already piling up. New york area airports reporting delays of over an hour. L.A.X. Over three hours overnight. This is just the start. The faa now warning that as many as 6700 friglights could be delayed every day. The sequestration, the automatic across- across-the-board spending cuts forcing furloughs. Fewer flaens the air translates into delays. About 5,000 planes in the air at a given time and fewer eyes in the tower, the faa is slowing air traffic for safety. Planes could be prevented from lapding and taking off. Those delays could cost travelers more than ', "specifically the problems caused by the sequester with the  faa , w would be open to looking at that. Reporter: Thousands alone. And experts are saying it will only get worse. The  faa  is basically saying, we don't know where they're going ", "wants to address specifically the problems caused by the sequester with the faa , w would be open to looking at that. Reporter: Thousands of flights across the country have been affected in the last three days alone. And experts are saying it will only get worse. The faa is basically saying, we don't know where they're going to have issues. We don't know where our controllers are going to be ", 'all across the country.  Flight delays , safety worries. The caused by a shortage of  faa  controllers or by the father hour long. Reporter: The  faa  is blaming the delays on prediction of 6,700 daily  flight delays . But transportation secretary ', "the nightmare shaping up at airports all across the country. Flight delays , safety worries. The impact of the across-the-board federal budget cuts. Abc's matt gutman did some traveling himself to investigate. And he joins us, now, from miami. How did it go for you there, matt? Reporter: Good morning, robin. It didn't go that well. We spent 11 hours in airports. And didn't really find an airline apocalypse. But all the delays caused by a shortage of faa controllers or by the father, started to snowball into delays of four and five hours. This morning, the sequester is walloping airports ", "the line to take off was over an hour long. Reporter: The faa is blaming the delays on across-the-board budget cuts, which has forced them to furlough air traffic controllers and other workers, and are spacing out flights in the name of safety. Several hundred flights delayed, less than the agency's prediction of 6,700 daily flight delays . But transportation secretary ray LaHOOD WARNS ABC, WE MIGHT SEE account weather activities. These delays could get extended beyond 60 to 90 ", 'on monday. The airline is under investigation by the  faa , after seats came loose onboard three different mid-air third-largest airline saying, contrary to those headlinemaking  flight delays  in september, double the norm, aefr fights over pilots ', "seats installed recently. The nation's third-largest airline saying, contrary to those headlinemaking flight delays in september, double the norm, aefr fights over pilots as part of a labor action, this more serious safety issue has nothing ", "the furloughs of air traffic controllers that have caused  flight delays  coast-to-coast. Abc's david kerley is at reagan All week -- everything is being backed up because of the  faa  issues. Reporter: All across the country -- we don't ", "hill, to cut the furloughs of air traffic controllers that have caused flight delays coast-to-coast. Abc's david kerley is at reagan national airport for us there in washin good morning, david. Reporter: Good morning, robin. Good news for fliers. The delays were the main way that voters were feeling the impacts of the spending cuts. Congress is ready to take a week off. Members decided they needed to do something before they jumped on planes and left town. All week -- everything is being backed up because of the faa issues. Reporter: All across the country -- we don't want you to be here. Reporter: About 1,000 flights a day delayed. We ", "and unfortunately. Boy lots of  flight delays  in Minneapolis Chicago and if that thunderstorms you're flying in out of  Atlanta  this afternoon. There may be some time. Little farther south and in  Atlanta  called the New England how to deal ", "is going to be a big storm and unfortunately. Boy lots of flight delays in Minneapolis Chicago and if that wasn't bad -- up. On the southern end of the storm we had some showers and thunderstorms -- you're flying in out of Atlanta this afternoon. There may be some delays there as well back edge of the snow still up to the west end of ", "but you know what they'll go so fast because missing the show you missed the big story. There is a significant  FAA computer glitch  that has really delayed flights in major cities. We've been reporting on it all morning a computer that processes ", "the show -- you missed the big story. There is a significant FAA computer glitch that has really delayed flights in major cities. We've been reporting on it all morning a computer that processes. Off the flight ", "the holiday. Second. The  FAA  is taking new measures to keeping its. On time. The  FAA  is also partnering with know web site. The dot  FAA  Bianca. As well. You won't airlines collect better data on  flight delays  and provide the Department ", 'to work better. Proposing a requirement that airlines collect better data on flight delays and provide the Department of Transportation. I away -- her -- recommendations for the airlines. Including mandatory contingency plans a stranded passengers ', "time when there are more in board in  flight delays . Forced him to fudge the numbers to that's a that flight corporation. The  FAA  declined to be interviewed for this investigation. Comes directly from  FAA  documents and Diana keep in mind that ", "less fuel at a time when there are more in board in flight delays . Forced him to fudge the numbers to maintain safety. Had to. Use different -- to make the paperwork hide the fact that I've put in the fuel on board. But my responsibilities captain. To my passengers my aircraft my -- fans that's a -- that flight corporation. The FAA declined to be interviewed for this investigation but in a statement to us the agency said. It only tracks emergency landings. It doesn't keep track of minimum few locations although the data in our investigation. Comes directly from FAA documents and Diana -- keep in mind that fuel prices in the last two years have gone up 38%. This election thank ", "report out today reveals what anyone who has been traveling already knows if there's an epidemic of  flight delays  in this country and by the  FAA 's own admission. Last month was one of the worst ever for passengers canceled flights doubled over ", "anyone who has been traveling already knows if there's an epidemic of flight delays in this country and by the FAA's own admission. Last month was one of the worst ever for passengers canceled flights doubled over the previous here. And within 30% ", "report out today reveals what anyone who has been traveling already knows if there's an epidemic of  flight delays  in this country and by the  FAA 's own admission. Last month was one of the worst ever for passengers canceled flights doubled over ", "anyone who has been traveling already knows if there's an epidemic of flight delays in this country and by the FAA's own admission. Last month was one of the worst ever for passengers canceled flights doubled over the previous here. And more than ", "Was there so therefore. People knew what to expect when at the airports or on the highways. Red dots on this  FAA airport delays  today at 11 AM eastern there weren't any. By early afternoon just a few evening still smooth sailing. Let's ", "-- at the airports or on the highways. Red dots on this FAA -- -- airport delays today at 11 AM eastern there weren't any. By early afternoon just a few -- evening still smooth sailing. Let's say it's ", "into sleet and snow.  Atlanta  woke up to several inches Planes were flying at the  Atlanta  airport but thousands problems in other cities.  Atlanta  but not today. But Rebecca chase ABC news  Atlanta . It's a great blizzard of dollars because a  flight delays  and cancellations just ", 'airline industry stands to lose hundreds of millions of dollars because a flight delays and cancellations just from this one storm. But with the snow comes good news for at least 100 customers who leased cars ', "eastern seaboard wet weather is putting a damper on one of the the busiest travel days of this year creating  flight delays  from Boston to  Atlanta . All three of New York's airports are reporting delays of more than two parts. flag are carefully ", "on one of the the busiest travel days of this year creating flight delays from Boston to Atlanta . All three of New York's airports are reporting delays of more than two -- parts. -- flag are carefully. Go through the ", 'his in the skies of the announced a plan to take had a  flight delays  the Thanksgiving holiday. What on his plans to bring international. LaGuardia in the New York metro area  Atlanta  Hartsfield round out the top five and fortunately if ', 'in the skies of the announced a plan to take had a flight delays -- the Thanksgiving holiday. What on his plans to bring order to the signs and and -- we will this be making ', "the united states of course that has translated into  flight delays . And long lines of passengers waiting to go through Family's on their way. Good luck was on the way to  Atlanta  this morning and they got delayed. On their flight ", 'And here in the united states of course that has translated into flight delays . And long lines of passengers waiting to go through security dealing with all of these new procedures. Instituted very quickly just yesterday. ', 'space station has never experienced a  computer failure  of this magnitude. And rocket scientists is the limited fuel on the shuttle  Atlanta  it must undock from the space station confident they can fix this very serious  computer glitch .', "conserve power. The problem now is the limited fuel on the shuttle Atlanta -- it must undock from the space station. And return to earth next Wednesday at the latest but Charlie tonight engineers say they're confident they can fix this very serious computer glitch . "]