['Part 2: The heir will get real estate, jewels and, eventually, a salary of more than $50 million.', "Elizabeth just received bumping her majesty's take home pay almost sixteen million dollars this year. Well adjusting for  inflation  than about seventeen years of won't ever been making upwards of 200 million dollars a year. Of course until then the monarch ", "home pay -- almost sixteen million dollars this year. Well adjusting for inflation than about seventeen years of -- won't ever been making upwards of 200 million dollars a year. Of course until then the ", "Analysts there says unemployment and  inflation  numbers just aren't where they need stays about six and a half percent and  inflation  stays below 2%. He's going to this called meeting someone not concerned about  inflation . In Bernanke's seat after he leaves ", "and congress specifically. House financial services committee. Analysts there says unemployment and inflation numbers just aren't where they need to be. Investors perked up this morning markets -- positively text. Careful arts but that's -- ", "As long as unemployment stays about six and a half percent and inflation stays below 2%. He's going to -- this economy to the extent possible trying to stimulate where he believes the politicians have ", "put a -- of so called meeting someone -- not concerned about inflation . In Bernanke's seat after he leaves most likely at the end of January so I really am not looking for any policy ", "drastically. Its in a lot of areas since we passed before walker. We've got a lot more work to do. But. Health care  inflation  is not skyrocket and the want us. And because of this new rule. Because of the fact that it improves the value coverage ", "walker. We've got a lot more work to do. But. Health care inflation is not skyrocket and the -- want us. And because of this new rule. Because of the fact that it improves the ", "situation in life. Particularly their economic situation. And in this time period she's been elected. Egypt and hopefully  inflation  is more than 8%. Yet employment rate remains high tourism hasn't come back. So you have both. Democracy advocates and ", "And in this time period -- she's been elected. Egypt and hopefully inflation is more than 8%. Yet employment rate remains high tourism hasn't come back. So you have both. Democracy advocates and human rights ", "new numbers out today let's start the Consumer Price Index what Did show no  inflation  whatsoever point 1% or something as a there is no  inflation . The  inflation  annualized of the last twelve months is under 2% the Fed has a of 2% before ", "start the Consumer Price Index what -- -- -- Did show no inflation whatsoever point 1% or something as a -- there is no inflation . The inflation annualized of the last twelve months is under 2% the Fed has a -- of 2% before the ease back the stimulus. There is no inflation and and food inflation actually declined. So the folks at home are watching -- are gonna say I'm paying so much for groceries. Not according to the government there just isn't -- much inflation there. Housing starts. Housing starts a little lower than expected we came at about 913 and fourteen verses 950000. New permits for ", "would be trashed we would have massive  inflation  in this country and in in that scenario despite all the Fed what they're doing  inflation  hasn't really taken hold in the dollars falls. Add that to the lack of real  inflation  taking off here in this country minutes ", "was doing that the dollar would be trashed we would have massive inflation in this country and in in that scenario goal would you really really well. Well the reality is that despite all the Fed what they're doing inflation hasn't really taken hold in the dollars actually gotten stronger. Relative to the Euro certainly -- relative to the Japanese currency and so goal is priced in dollars as the dollar does better gold falls. Add that to the lack of real inflation taking off here in this country minutes -- really -- scenario from gold. And then you had a lot of hot money ", "aside for themselves. And here's the thing he could have been. Much more gentle. Because there was the opportunity to say  inflation  remains extremely low and to emphasize the fact that the government is still cutting back on its spending and not helping ", 'have been. Much more gentle. Because there was the opportunity to say inflation remains extremely low and to emphasize the fact that the government is still cutting back on its spending and not helping the ', 'president. Throughout the issue of Social Security. Being subject to change CPI which is a reduction. In India way we count  inflation . It would lead to a lower Social Security payment or lower Social Security cost of living allowance for seniors and veterans ', 'to change CPI which is a reduction. In India way we count inflation . It would lead to a lower Social Security payment or lower Social Security cost of living allowance for seniors and veterans disabled ', "strong signals it was going to do everything it could to boost the economy and the employment. It wasn't worried about  inflation . For the last week we have been getting signals that suggest, well, maybe not so bad, maybe we'll start tapering. That's ", "could to boost the economy and the employment. It wasn't worried about inflation . For the last week we have been getting signals that suggest, well, maybe not so bad, maybe we'll start tapering. That's the ", "system works. continually drive better efficiency higher quality lower cost we're starting to see that. Health care cost  inflation  has gone up at the lowest rate. Over the last three years that we've seen in many many years. So we're making progress ", "higher quality lower cost we're starting to see that. Health care cost inflation has gone up at the lowest rate. Over the last three years that we've seen in many many years. So we're making ", "are Panasonic experts have the serial numbers that keep parks. When Andy looks it over. From what I can seen no reports  inflation  has been no. There were hair at this particular TV they're really exactly no reason who's constantly charged me fifty ", "looks it over. From what I can seen no reports -- -- inflation has been no. There were hair at this particular TV they're really exactly no reason who's constantly charged me fifty dollars. So ", "community college crushed. We had a mindset here we have one class of adult classrooms who's going to there those folks than  inflation  measures lasers. They're much. And that what an and that's fattening and a lot of damage over struggling to stone I've ", "of adult classrooms who's going to there -- -- those folks than inflation measures lasers. They're much. And that what an and that's -- fattening and a lot of damage over struggling to stone -- ", "that makes a lot of it doesn't address the broader problem which is that. College had been writing a rate three times that  inflation  since the 1970s. Students two thirds of them borrow to finance those two cost average conservative averages put those. Average ", 'is that. College -- had been writing a rate three times that inflation since the 1970s. Students two thirds of them borrow to finance those two -- cost average -- conservative averages put those. Average ', 'in New York. Is your money keeping up with  inflation  in the last thirty years  inflation  has increased so dramatically that it costs pleasure to be here meant so the basic in what is  inflation  how is calculated. Well  inflation  as calculated ', "and that -- in New York. Is your money keeping up with inflation in the last thirty years inflation has increased so dramatically that it costs almost three times more today. To by the same amount of staff and it did 1980. So what does it mean -- your savings now here to help us sort it all out is Stacy Johnson most of money talks knees and author of life or debt. 2010 days to submit to CEO it's certainly a pleasure to be here meant so the basic -- in what is inflation how is -- calculated. Well inflation as calculated based on a basket of consumer items that we all purchase every -- theoretically and its thousands of different things ", "trouble -- not having enough money set aside to keep up with inflation . As you met him you've got five tips to protect your savings from inflation in the -- one is stocks and how safe is the market what you know it's really different I mean this is tough thing to to talk about now especially the weekly had a tough week in the stock market but you know I've been investing in -- for thirty years and and the bottom line is that stocks over time. Have beaten inflation . And there -- one of the few things that happens and so it's important I believed to have part of your savings ", "putting money different places can really benefit you and help you beat inflation over time let's not -- another place and that is cool it seems to be a trend that really seems to just. Be going strong for a few years now yet -- and actually and and other commodities as well can also help hedge against inflation a book about 12100 bucks announced that which -- -- -- And I wouldn't advise -- a lot of money into it but nonetheless. If inflation does become a problem in the future aggression -- -- to it's not a problem now that if it should become a problem in the next few years. Gold will probably be inflation too so it's a place where you might -- -- but some agreement so cool it. Falls in the category called because ", "traders remained concerned over China's  inflation  risks and debt problems in Joining us clear look at a situation where China's  inflation  was a lot had a higher than people thought now is. It's mainly coming from food  inflation  in when you have as many people as food ", "Stocks could lower this morning as traders remained concerned over China's inflation risks and debt problems in -- -- Joining us with more in this and the rest of the day's business news system -- -- markets desk reporter for Bloomberg high Dominic good morning -- All right so let's start overseas with the Chinese shares which have -- to a one month -- what's going on there. Well with China you you kind of alluded to earlier you based clear look at a situation where China's inflation was a lot had a higher than people thought it was going to be. It read about four point 4% in terms -- -- or the Consumer Price Index. Now you know analysts were expecting about 4% but the interesting part about this right now is. It's mainly coming from food inflation in when you have as many people -- -- as food inflation or senior population. Becomes a huge concern so a third of their CPI is based on food. And if that food inflation is going about 10% that's cause for concern is one of the reasons why China's possibly. Contemplating -- controls on agricultural kind of you know trading in terms of commodities to to to mr. price spikes are happy because the speculation -- because of legitimate reasons. And that's the reason why you see China possibly -- elected that this catalyst if you will. For the for the market's going down there when you see inflation happening there -- -- that likelihood that the Central Bank there. I have become need to raise interest rates -- something kind of inflation under wraps because it could be huge problem especially the -- side. That's pushed -- CSI 300 which is what they're benchmark ", "something about the nation's rising  inflation . Here's how it went. This is the Reynolds in Washington. Good evening  inflation  leads the news from Washington again disclose his new battle plan against  inflation  in a speech next Tuesday here in Washington ", "President Carter was under pressure to do something about the nation's rising inflation . Here's how it went. This is the ABC evening news with Harry Reasoner tonight in Washington I'm Barbara Walters -- -- Peter Jennings in London and Frank Reynolds in Washington. Good evening inflation leads the news from Washington again today at the wholesale price index is out and it drove prices up again -- of a percent last month. For that here's frank Ronald. The president will disclose his new battle plan against inflation in a speech next Tuesday here in Washington. Today his own counsel on wage and price stability White House agency said mr. Carter's current program is not working. And that unless he takes strong corrective action -- the country will be hopelessly stuck with a high rate of inflation . More on the economy now from -- -- Although price rises for wholesale products such as London moderated from the double digit levels recorded in February. They're still going -- a better than 7% annual rate far above what the administration considers tolerable. And the wage and -- council says that the nation's underlying inflation rate has stuck stubbornly above the 6% level for more than three years. That unless corrective measures taken by the government and the private sector the rate would climb to 10% or higher. But an administration official told ABC news that except for a strong personal commitment. President Carter's third anti inflation program in one year won't contain any startling new proposals in fact. Most of what he will call for was released in today's council report the study recommends a wide range of inflation remedies. Medicine for the private sector is a firm commitment to track keep their wage and price rises at least a half a percent below their average -- -- in the past two years. The government's dose of anti inflation -- includes long run budget balancing holding down federal pay increases to 5% a year. Re examining inflationary regulatory practices and tax ", "And without any mandatory constrains many economists believe that those painfully high inflation rates we'll stay stuck for a long time to come. This is Stephanie -- ABC news Washington. One more note on rising prices the Civil Aeronautics Board today approved an across the board increase in domestic airfares effective the first of may. The increase supplies to coach first class and discount fares. Inflation the ever increasing cost of living. His particularly painful for retired citizens living on fixed incomes. The president today signed a bill ", "example not warning as much about the limit on  inflation  Part of what are book because it Wii which. We've Marlins. Compare of people tough what we have 4%  inflation . With 4%  inflation  during Reagan's second term I don't remember ", "reckless say for example not warning as much about the limit on inflation -- Part of what are -- book because it Wii which. We've defines recklessness the wrong way. We think that anything that ", "very Marlins. Compare of people tough -- -- what we have 4% inflation . With 4% inflation during Reagan's second term I don't remember that as -- at the time of great dispute dislocation was at a time when ", "a leading indicator of something we're gonna hear more which is the inflation while. When nations get sufficiently in the day but it does get -- school advocates inflation as a slow motion repudiation of its debt to does lighten the burden -- -- And Paul is among those who think some here are certain disagree that government is so skillful. That it can let the -- just a little bit out of -- bottle -- -- have two or three or abusive minus 4% and we'll stop there good luck with that -- -- look at history. Afterward to this is something that some researchers point out. How did government's -- with the -- and it wasn't part through what is so -- financial repression which housed her there was some inflation . There were some controls on banks its own finance repression. But the generations that follow where -- too was the most prosperous in the history of this nation. If in if that's what for -- repression looks like let's have more let's have a doubling of of middle class living standards over the course which are you saying that inflation is crucial moment. It's what helped significantly and we're not talking we're talking again. Reagan's second term levels inflation we're not talking up. I I I wanna print -- -- the first person to bring up to Bob -- an argument is considered to have lost the -- because that's not what we're talking about let us understand what we work into World War II we were 15% of. Global GDP. The dollar was as good as gold. And demographics were working in our favor we get sixteen people working for every person retiring under -- -- that's a very different situation today. Inflation will not solve our problem yes you can afford -- you can afford somewhat more if you will but understand our financial ", "nearby a new numbers out this morning on  inflation  to care about about an hour ago Labor is that Ben Bernanke wants to see some  inflation . of the economy and therefore it's away from Wall Street in terms of these  inflation  numbers but really when you back out ", "very -- holds nearby -- a new numbers out this morning on inflation to care about about an hour ago Labor Department's in the consumer prices. Were up about point 3% take us beyond the ", "picture here I guess is that Ben Bernanke wants to see some inflation . -- of the economy and therefore it's less likely. That he is going. Two a move and give the market what they want that's kind of the take away from Wall Street in terms of these inflation numbers but really when you back out the food and fuel numbers two tenths of a percent. Increase in the core and a month to month basis shows that inflation is. Anything but out of control. Yeah I absolutely and that's how that a lot of who have been talking about -- ", "leading and I would say it only area where we're seeing any  inflation  because things like apparel were actually down almost 1 and medical care health care was up just 210s of percent so  inflation  collectively. Really still not a huge problem outside of ", "leading and I would say it only area where we're seeing any inflation because things like apparel were actually down almost 1%. And we soft key areas like food and housing. Basically flat on the month and medical care health care was up just 210s of -- percent so inflation collectively. Really still not a huge problem outside of those. -- gasoline prices. -- -- -- also also -- just fifteen minutes "]