["Sarah Gavin, spokesperson for travel site  Expedia , which encourages customer reviews.  Expedia , she says, does not capture data that for its being reviewed. That's the way  Expedia , for example, operates. Says Gavin ", "percent admitted to sunbathing in the buff. Online travel agency  Expedia  last week released the results of the 2013 Flip Flop Report countries. Harris Interactive, conducting the study online on  Expedia 's behalf, asked global consumers to opine on a wide range ", 'Airlines got the hang of it eventually and began using their websites to sell tickets after the early adopters like Travelocity,  Expedia  and others who all had websites by 2000 (and some much earlier). Suddenly, airlines had new competition for a slice of ', "You may face a much harsher financial penalty if you don't use a comparison shopping site (such as Travelocity, Orbitz or  Expedia ) and that penalty can be paying a lot more for tickets than you have to. This can and does happen if you don't compare ", 'Frontier Airlines Will Charge Some Customers for Carry-Ons, Introduces a Fee for Soft Drinks', "Frontier Airlines announced Wednesday it would begin charging passengers who book tickets on third-party web sites -- such as  Expedia  and Orbitz -- for bringing their bags onboard the flight. Passengers who purchase tickets on Frontier's web site will incur ", "for New Year's Eve 2012. He did this through  Expedia , but somehow the hotel charged him, too. We have emails from both  Expedia  and the hotel, yet no one is willing to admit the mistake.  Expedia  charged $112, and the hotel charged $225. My ", 'Priceline\'s standard hotel booking tool where you pull up a city, see a list of available hotels and book one, just like  Expedia  or Travelocity. With the "Name Your Price" option, it\'s a little nerve wracking because you don\'t get to choose your ', 'did brand names such as Absolut Vodka,  Expedia , Amazon, and Bud Light. "It\'s neat and gay couples bonding on vacation.  Expedia  ran a commercial that tells the story way," the man in the commercial says.  Expedia \'s competitor, Orbitz has taken the ', 'Conciliazione to the Tiber River." The pope\'s unexpected resignation has led to an increase in hotel bookings in Rome.  Expedia .co.uk reported a 35 percent spike -- a trend, the online booking agent said, that began within 24 hours of the pope\'s ', 'hotel search site based in Germany and recently acquired by  Expedia . The "Online Hotel Reputation Index" is based on 34 million reviews from 140 different sites (including such names as  Expedia , Priceline and Hotels.com). Only hotels with a minimum ', 'search engine such as Kayak.com, Hotels.com or  Expedia . com . At Kayak.com, you can sort by price or star rating rating, special deals and family-friendliness, and  Expedia . com  sorts by price and most popular lodging. All of these ', 'rooms. The NFL has 90 percent of rooms blocked, according to  Expedia , but rooms are just now starting to trickle out to the public was last," said Sarah Gavin, public relations director of  Expedia . "Room blocks are just now being lifted." Prices for hotel ', 'a travel booking site was 798.  Expedia , Travelocity and other market leaders Booking.com is part of Priceline.  Expedia  owns both Hotwire and Hotels.com Orbitz.com 5. Hotels.com 6.  Expedia . com  7.Travelocity.com 8. CheapOAir ', "let the hype. And the armored forces That it I would stand up I think certainly deputy ankle but he simply went deep through  Expedia  many Steve security president. They're that is strictly to any act. The Yankee Darryl good piece of advice on middle of ", "up I think certainly deputy ankle but he simply went deep through Expedia many Steve security president. They're -- that is strictly to any act. The Yankee Darryl good piece of advice on -- middle ", "she's sitting in a federal jail, as the man she allegedly helped hide is fighting t out of one. Whitey bulger himself is  expe  expected to testify in his own defense calling it the big show, what he says is a chance finally vindicate himself afrp deck ", 'helped hide is fighting t out of one. Whitey bulger himself is expe expected to testify in his own defense calling it the big show, what he says is a chance finally vindicate himself afrp ', "disappointed to know the lady sitting right there on the end she paid about 250 dollars of and she had been two weeks ago on  Expedia . By the way don't have told us bears are determined by market supply and demand and that few government regulations. They ", "dollars of -- -- and she had been two weeks ago on Expedia . By the way don't have told us bears are determined by market supply and demand and that few -- government regulations. They ", "disappointed to know the lady sitting right there on the end paid about $250. I would be disappointed. She booked two weeks ago on  expedia . Wow. Delta told us fares are determined by market supply and demand and due to government regulations they couldn't discuss ", "about $250. I would be disappointed. She booked two weeks ago on expedia . Wow. Delta told us fares are determined by market supply and demand and due to government regulations they couldn't discuss it further. ", "vice president and general manager of  Expedia  dot com. Just so much it's a pleasure data catch a flight. Shore so. At at  Expedia  we look at this and and try to disclose analyze these things but we've we've  Expedia  tried to make this simple as possible ", "expertise is Joseph -- -- -- vice president and general manager of Expedia dot com. Just -- so much it's a pleasure having you so Thanksgiving is right around the corner. The Christmas holiday right ", 'fly -- times of data catch a flight. Shore so. At at Expedia we look at this and and try to disclose these rates for for customers and and what we have found. Is that ', "be stock trader trying to analyze these things but we've we've -- Expedia tried to make this -- simple as possible. -- first off let's say if you find a great fair crowd that these things can change in inventory is in limited supply. This year more than than prior years as well. But one thing that Expedia is put on their site to help about -- -- fare tracker tool. Where you can from any city to any destination ", "some economy customers for carry on bag. We'll have to pay anyone who books flights at third party web sites like Orbitz or  Expedia . And those fees won't be 25 dollars in advance or a hundred bucks at the gate. Frontier also plans to charge everyone two ", "anyone who books flights at third party web sites like Orbitz or Expedia . And those fees won't be -- 25 dollars in advance or a hundred bucks at the gate. Frontier also plans to charge ", "was signed not wanting to have it's that back half that price is put on hold it's that travel. Website is elected  Expedia com  and they wouldn't do it anyway they went to court and ovitz has now won a ruling that says American. Will have to ", "is put on hold it's that travel. Website -- is elected -- Expedia com and they wouldn't do it anyway they went to court and ovitz has now won a ruling that says American. Will "]