["HOTEL de l' Europe is a welcoming budget accommodation hotel in Paris, France and it makes the perfect lodging for business travellers, and tourists travelling as a couple or with family thanks to the facilities available.    The completely refurbished ......  hotel details", 'Located in the city center, Hipotel Paris Bordeaux is a hotel in the area of Bastille - Republique, Paris. There are many great attractions nearby, including Notre Dame Cathedral, Louvre Museum, Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Pere Lachaise Cemetery. Also ......  hotel details', 'Hotel Saint Pierre offers hotel accommodation in the Montmartre - Sacre Coeur area. There are many great attractions nearby, including Sacred Heart Basilica, Moulin Rouge, Louvre Museum and Notre Dame Cathedral. Also close by are Arc de Triomphe and Eif......  hotel details', 'Aviatic Hotel lies in the heart of the Denfert district, an extremely lively area, known for its numerous boutiques and the pedestrian street rue Daguerre. The Porte de Versailles expo center is only 15 minutes from the hotel, while the Gare de Montparn......  hotel details', 'Located near a metro station, Helvetia is a hotel in the area of Gare de Lyon - Bercy, Paris. There are many great attractions nearby, including Opera Bastille, Notre Dame Cathedral, Louvre Museum and Place des Vosges. Also close by are Grande Galerie d......  hotel details', 'Hotel Palym offers tourists and business travelers a great location in Paris together with a friendly and warm hospitality, for which this hotel has become famous over the years.  Located in rue Emile Gilbert, a small, quiet and peaceful side street in ......  hotel details', 'Located in the city center, Comfort Inn Saint Pierre is a hotel in the area of Montmartre - Sacre Coeur, Paris. There are many great attractions nearby, including Sacred Heart Basilica, Louvre Museum, Notre Dame Cathedral and Arc de Triomphe. Also close......  hotel details', 'Located in the city center, Hotel De Blois is a hotel in the area of Montparnasse Tower, Paris. There are many great attractions nearby, including Cartier Foundation for Contemporary Art, Notre Dame Cathedral, Louvre Museum and Eiffel Tower. Also close ......  hotel details', 'The Avia Saphir Montparnasse Hotel is located in the heart of Paris, on one of the main boulevards near the lively area of Montparnasse and within walking distance of the popular bars and restaurants of Saint Germain.     Within close proximity are exce......  hotel details', 'Peace and Love is a youth hostel not hotel!!!!! The hostel has an AGE LIMIT : 18 to 35 years old only permitted!!!!! Stay with us to enjoy your parisien experience and party lots !!!Peace and Love is a very special place, everyone who works here loves P......  hotel details', 'Venere Net S.r.l. Via della Camilluccia, 693 - 00135 Rome, Italy (single shareholder) ', 'Register of Companies of Rome (Italy), VAT and Tax Code No. 05649781001. Travel Agency License No. 305 of 05 April 2001 (Cyber Travel). Share capital: Euro 1,120,600.00 fully paid-in. Under the direction and coordination of Expedia.com Limited. ']