['it may be our lucky day he spots in the treetops. The  Chinese Government  protected but these animals. Payments when his nineteen believed in Chinese medicine to ward off rheumatism. The  Chinese Government  hurting them in nineteen him time reserves like this what ', "may be our lucky day he spots -- in the treetops. The Chinese Government -- -- protected but these animals. Payments when his nineteen. Could almost not only been -- outside China and tourists can't come ", 'for their bones believed in Chinese medicine to ward off rheumatism. The Chinese Government -- hurting them in nineteen him time -- reserves like this what safeguard against it. -- protestors say more needs to be ', "says it may be our lucky day he spots in the treetops The  Chinese Government  is protected but these animals. when he's thinking believed in Chinese medicine to ward off rheumatism. The  Chinese Government  hurting them in nineteen sign reserves like this went ", "may be our lucky day he spots in the treetops -- The Chinese Government is protected but these animals. -- when he's thinking it would almost -- only been -- outside China and tourists can't come ", 'for their bones believed in Chinese medicine to ward off rheumatism. The Chinese Government -- hurting them in nineteen sign -- reserves like this went -- guard against it. -- protestors say more needs to be ', 'property values. The question is is there are a lot of bad a lot of bad loans out there. And then is can the  Chinese Government  do something about that so where we saw just in the last 24 hours. The Central Bank in China. Basically saying ', 'a lot of bad loans out there. And then is can the Chinese Government do something about that so where -- we saw just in the last 24 hours. The Central Bank in China. Basically saying ', 'for ten years, fighting the proceedings. Reporter: Hong kong operates under its own legal system. But the  chinese government  in beijing maintains a degree of authority and could intervene behind the scenes or more publicly. It also depends ', 'proceedings. Reporter: Hong kong operates under its own legal system. But the chinese government in beijing maintains a degree of authority and could intervene behind the scenes or more publicly. It also depends on what more ', "good track record. And particularly this company which is that it goes way. They've had some issues with the  Chinese Government  how they handle their work. That's really ugly here are American and exactly exact that. But how would it ", "it goes -- -- -- way. They've had some issues with the Chinese Government -- how they handle their work. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "China's super elite high speed train smacked into the back of another train that it stalled. Killing 39 people. And now  China ' s government  is trying to bury believed. Based out instructions to Chinese journalists covering the tragedy He saints annually among ", "back of another train that it stalled. Killing 39 people. And now China's government is trying to bury believed. Based out instructions to Chinese journalists covering the tragedy He saints annually -- -- -- among the ", 'Starting with the new report that ties the  chinese government  to dozens of serious cyber attacks on u.S. Banks, government agencies and other critical industries. It traces the attacks ', 'Starting with the new report that ties the chinese government to dozens of serious cyber attacks on u.S. Banks, government agencies and other critical industries. It traces the attacks to this white ', "helped design the bird's nest. And a surprising thing he walked away. Boycotting the Olympics and accusing the  Chinese Government  using the games as propaganda. Since the Olympics the artist has transformed himself into one of China's most ", "a surprising thing he walked away. Boycotting the Olympics and accusing the Chinese Government using the games as propaganda. Since the Olympics the artist has transformed himself into one of China's most outspoken critics school. He ", "Running away from ma can be you know. As the BBC's Rupert Winfield reporting from Tripoli on that tense situation there  China ' s government  clamping down even further on Internet contents. A Communist Party leader ordered the Internet companies there to tighten ", "BBC's Rupert Winfield -- reporting from Tripoli on that tense situation there China's government clamping down even further on Internet contents. A Communist Party leader ordered the Internet companies there to tighten control over them -- ", 'supporters say was really for his activism and dissent against the  Chinese Government . In this video the 55 year old activist calls China a hooker and insult the  Chinese Government . Where has the supposed to be a metaphor mocking state power ', 'But supporters say was really for his activism and dissent against the Chinese Government . In this video the 55 year old activist calls China a hooker and insult the Chinese Government . Where -- has the -- supposed to be a metaphor mocking state power. ', "interactions between the two countries that was the gist of the of there. Had to do next Hazen of government passed  Chinese government 's goal to help. They case. I'm not aware that we really raised the case through Chinese channels but you ", "-- -- -- there. Had to do next Hazen of government passed Chinese government's goal to help. They case. I'm not aware that we really raised the case through Chinese channels but you did -- that ", "investigation found Chinese manufacturers. May be substituting the metal fort led. Meehan is known carcinogen this morning  China ' s government  agreed to investigate. Our the cleaning house more. Lab testing on 103 pieces of children's jewelry found a dozen of ", "-- -- fort led. -- Meehan is -- known carcinogen this morning China's government agreed to investigate. Our -- the cleaning house more. Lab testing on -- 103 pieces of children's jewelry found a dozen of ", "can find critical comments easily that way about for instance Chinese leaders. It is a dare to the Chinese. And tonight  China ' s government  calls Google's move totally wrong. In Haiti former President Bill Clinton and George W. Bush arrived today to see how ", "instance Chinese leaders. It is a dare to the Chinese. And tonight China's government calls Google's move totally wrong. In Haiti former President Bill Clinton and George W. Bush arrived today to see how the earthquake ", "can find critical comments easily that way about for instance Chinese leaders. It is a dare to the Chinese. And tonight  China ' s government  calls Google's move totally wrong. In Haiti former President Bill Clinton and George W. Bush arrived today to see how ", "instance Chinese leaders. It is a dare to the Chinese. And tonight China's government calls Google's move totally wrong. In Haiti former President Bill Clinton and George W. Bush arrived today to see how the earthquake ", 'access to the Internet. The  Chinese Government  will citizens prisoner without any right to recourse the  Chinese Government . Courses and tortures people confessions from them. The  Chinese Government  restricts the ability of people ', '-- The Chinese. Provide the people no access to the Internet. The Chinese Government will -- citizens prisoner without any right to recourse the Chinese Government . Courses and tortures people until they get confessions from them. The Chinese Government restricts the ability of people to -- some. If you escape China they actually put pressure on governments to forcibly return. The Chinese Government has coercive birth limitation policy which means that in some cases they are forcing -- person abortions and sterilizations. The Chinese Government use of forced labor. And this is what they -- to their own people. Have to be the leading country in the ', "Regina hall of all time high of 141001 me now. I'm a want to talk about juggle and you brought up China the  Chinese Government  are sitting a white paper essentially condemning Google. About some of the practices over there over the details ", '-- want to talk about juggle and you brought up China the Chinese Government are sitting -- a white paper essentially condemning Google. About some of the practices over there -- over the details of this ', 'criminals trying to get into your bank account to steal your identity to nations. You believe that chinese -- the  chinese government , the chinese military is behind this? Beyond a shadow of a doubt. They use their military to steal intellectual ', 'to steal your identity to nations. You believe that chinese -- the chinese government , the chinese military is behind this? Beyond a shadow of a doubt. They use their military to steal intellectual property from american ', "Believe the Chinese official the  Chinese Government  the Chinese military's behind us. Beyond a shadow of a doubt. They use their military and intelligence structure to steal intellectual ", "Believe the Chinese official the Chinese Government the Chinese military's behind us. Beyond a shadow of a doubt. They use their military and intelligence structure to steal intellectual property "]