['Location, staff, breakfast. Nice facilities, modern rooms.  Great hotel for families with children. Love the Benkay restaurant.', 'The Novotel Paris Tour Eiffel is within walking distance of the Eiffel Tower in the heart of Paris. It features a fitness centre and 2 restaurants serving French and Japanese cuisine. ', 'Best Western Diva Opera is located in the centre of Paris, near the Grands Boulevards with its numerous theatres, cinemas, bistros and restaurants. It offers soundproofed rooms and some have a...', "Just a few second from station but quite quiet! They Just renovated in Feb 2013 so it is new and clean.  The room is small as it often the case is those in Paris, but I still think it is worth staying. Amenity is from L'occitane.", 'A design hotel set 100 metres from Porte de Champeret Metro station, Hotel Armoni offers 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi throughout, a concierge service, a business centre and a buffet breakfast. ', 'The location was great, just a few steps from the metro with plenty of cafes and even a convenience store right downstairs. The room was modernly furnished and the hotel staff were polite and excellent. ', "Paris's diverse arrondissements mean that there really is something to suit everyone. You could stay on the chic Left Bank, near the lively Grands Boulevards, or in the more residential Montparnasse.", 'Here you can discover the passages couverts, created in the 18th century to protect the middle classes from bad weather. These covered walkways are now lined with antiques stores and art galleries. View hotels.', 'Along the Quai de Seine, you can browse through the stalls of the bouquinistes or booksellers and buy antique and second-hand books. The stalls look like big green metal boxes, and in the past, they were used to hide books that were banned under the censorship laws. View hotels.', 'Buy a pint of take-away cider at the Cork and Cavan and enjoy it in the sun by the canal View hotels.', "We've negotiated with thousands of hotels to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.", 'You can get these deals for free by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favourite destinations to receive personalised deals.', "Get started now by entering your email address. We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!", 'Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations.', 'Your sign-up was successful! We will send you the latest news about our half-price deals.', "You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done, you can close this window now.", 'Thank you. Check your email right now and click the link to get instant access to the latest Secret Deals and save 50% or more on hotel bookings.']