['in June, bolstered by higher aircraft demand and more businesses spending that signals investment plans. The  Commerce Department  said Thursday that orders for durable goods increased 4.2 percent last month. That followed a 5.2 percent ', "Sales of newly built homes rose 8.3 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 497,000, the  Commerce Department  said Wednesday. That's the highest since May 2008 and up from an annual rate of 459,000 in May, which was ", "snapped up new homes in June at the fastest pace in five years, a sign the housing recovery is strengthening. The  Commerce Department  said Wednesday that sales rose 8.3 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual pace of 497,000. That's ", 'sale, has pushed up home prices. It also has led to more home construction, which has created more jobs. The  Commerce Department  reported Wednesday that U.S. builders started work on fewer homes in June, mostly because apartment construction ', 'fell to a three-month low in July. On Monday, the  Commerce Department  reported retail sales in June grew by only 0.4 percent in June to the slowest pace since August 2012, the  Commerce Department  reported on Wednesday.', "builders started work on fewer homes in June. Construction fell to an annual rate of 836,000 homes, the  Commerce Department  said Wednesday, 10 percent below May's total of 928,000. PulteGroup rose 40 cents, or 2.1 percent, to ", 'and JPMorgan Chase before it, breezed past Wall Street expectations for the quarter. Also on Wednesday, the  Commerce Department  reported that work began on fewer homes and apartments in June, though not enough to alter the view that the ', "and apartments in June, though the slowdown wasn't enough to suggest the housing recovery is faltering. The  Commerce Department  says developers began construction at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 836,000 homes in June. That was ", 'State manufacturing survey. U.S. businesses reported a strong 1.1 percent increase in sales in May, the  Commerce Department  reported. Those same firms only increased their stockpiles slightly, suggesting they will need to order more ', "their recent climb amid speculation the Federal Reserve will keep up its support for the U.S. economy. The  Commerce Department  said Monday that retail sales rose just 0.4 percent in June. That's less than analysts had forecast and also ", "increase. The figures suggest economic growth has slowed but could pick up in the second half of the year. The  Commerce Department  says business stockpiles rose just 0.1 percent in May from April, half the previous month's increase. But ", 'at retail businesses in June, although the gain was heavily driven by auto sales and higher gas prices. The  Commerce Department  says retail sales rose 0.4 percent in June from May, after a 0.5 percent increase the previous month. The ', 'starting with Citigroup before the opening bell. Markets are also anticipating a strong retail sales report from the  Commerce Department  on Monday. Dow Jones industrial futures are up 28 points to 15,397. S&P futures have added 3 points to 1 ', 'that goes with it. We have teamed up with the minnesota  department of commerce  to give back free, yes free, money. Right in the middle up and money left to you from loved ones. Minnesota  commerce department  chair loves giving it back. You never know, it could ', "didn't pick up and money left to you from loved ones. Minnesota commerce department chair loves giving it back. You never know, it could be $1,000 or tens of thousands of dollars that's your money. Reporter: ", "immensely talented and dedicated men and women within the  Department of Commerce . In the White House and with it I'm proud of the work that we've done at the  Commerce Department  delivering services faster. Serving the needs of US businesses ", "thanks to the immensely talented and dedicated men and women within the Department of Commerce . In the White House and with it -- I'm proud of the work that we've done at the Commerce Department delivering services faster. Serving the needs of US businesses and workers saving taxpayers billions of dollars might be the more efficient and ", "work on the critical functions of  commerce department  for administering our census and There's a vital role for the  Department of Commerce  in our economic recovery. The official climate change research. That is the  Department of Commerce . Boosting commerce between states ", 'It will be key -- his work on the critical functions of commerce department for administering our census and monitoring our climate to protecting our intellectual property. And restoring our economic diplomacy. In the end Bill ', 'one of the things that they talked about. And actually studied was going back to 1970. They use the monthly  Department of Commerce . Statistics on disposable income. In prepared compared that excuse me to the average price of homes in the ', 'And actually studied was going back to 1970. They use the monthly Department of Commerce . Statistics on disposable income. In prepared compared that excuse me to the average price of homes in the country. And what we ', "45995. Like you can't get help from the government in paying for it. There is a subsidized program from  Department of Commerce  we can get to forty dollars coupons per household. Which is about as helpful to low income seniors. And it ", 'the government in paying for it. There is a subsidized program from Department of Commerce we can get to forty dollars coupons per household. Which is about as helpful -- to low income seniors. And it turns ', 'tax was the same when I left office as it was when I. Started. The overall tax burden according to the US  Department of Commerce  state and local taxes in my state. In the nearly eleven years obvious governor went up by one point 1%. Now ', "was when I. Started. The overall tax burden according to the US Department of Commerce state and local taxes in my state. In the nearly eleven years obvious governor went up by one point 1%. Now he's ", 'the coupon get an install it well to tax six weeks from today and tomorrow. February 17 so start now and the  Department of Commerce  says. Those coupons are running out. Other yes so many negative this and as you can go now on the Internet ', 'weeks from today and tomorrow. February 17 so start now and the Department of Commerce says. Those coupons are running out. Other -- yes so many negative this and as you can go now on the Internet ']