["immensely talented and dedicated men and women within the  Department of Commerce . In the White House and with it I'm proud of the work that we've done at the  Commerce Department  delivering services faster. Serving the needs of US businesses ", "thanks to the immensely talented and dedicated men and women within the Department of Commerce . In the White House and with it -- I'm proud of the work that we've done at the Commerce Department delivering services faster. Serving the needs of US businesses and workers saving taxpayers billions of dollars might be the more efficient and ", "work on the critical functions of  commerce department  for administering our census and There's a vital role for the  Department of Commerce  in our economic recovery. The official climate change research. That is the  Department of Commerce . Boosting commerce between states ", 'It will be key -- his work on the critical functions of commerce department for administering our census and monitoring our climate to protecting our intellectual property. And restoring our economic diplomacy. In the end Bill ', 'one of the things that they talked about. And actually studied was going back to 1970. They use the monthly  Department of Commerce . Statistics on disposable income. In prepared compared that excuse me to the average price of homes in the ', 'And actually studied was going back to 1970. They use the monthly Department of Commerce . Statistics on disposable income. In prepared compared that excuse me to the average price of homes in the country. And what we ', "45995. Like you can't get help from the government in paying for it. There is a subsidized program from  Department of Commerce  we can get to forty dollars coupons per household. Which is about as helpful to low income seniors. And it ", 'the government in paying for it. There is a subsidized program from Department of Commerce we can get to forty dollars coupons per household. Which is about as helpful -- to low income seniors. And it turns ', 'tax was the same when I left office as it was when I. Started. The overall tax burden according to the US  Department of Commerce  state and local taxes in my state. In the nearly eleven years obvious governor went up by one point 1%. Now ', "was when I. Started. The overall tax burden according to the US Department of Commerce state and local taxes in my state. In the nearly eleven years obvious governor went up by one point 1%. Now he's ", 'the coupon get an install it well to tax six weeks from today and tomorrow. February 17 so start now and the  Department of Commerce  says. Those coupons are running out. Other yes so many negative this and as you can go now on the Internet ', 'weeks from today and tomorrow. February 17 so start now and the Department of Commerce says. Those coupons are running out. Other -- yes so many negative this and as you can go now on the Internet ', "It's time to move in a new direction. And President Obama may choose Republican senator Judd Gregg to head the  department of commerce  and Obama administration official tells ABC news the New Hampshire senator. is now the leading candidate for ", 'And President Obama may choose Republican senator Judd Gregg to head the department of commerce and Obama administration official tells ABC news the New Hampshire senator. -- is now the leading candidate for commerce secretary announcement could ', "takes to keep it alive and our time. The task of the  Department of Commerce  to help pre conditions in which workers can prosper emerge stronger. Working with the professionals at the  Department of Commerce . I'm committed to making the department and active ", "takes to keep it alive and our time. The task of the Department of Commerce to help pre conditions in which workers can prosper. Our business can -- and our economy can. That's what -- in Washington ", "we'll rebuild. Recover. And emerge stronger. Working with the professionals at the Department of Commerce . I'm committed to making the department and active. And integral partner in advancing toward economic policies and restoring the American injury to ", "thing I think we've got a pretty tight leash on them in terms are risk appetite right also up this morning the  Commerce Department  said at the trade deficit has fallen by two billion dollars this breakdown that number Found were American diet ", "them in terms are risk appetite right also up this morning the Commerce Department said at the trade deficit has fallen by two billion dollars this breakdown that number -- Found were American diet that's that's ", 'Yahoo! finance Matt good to see this Wednesday morning. I GDP down during the fourth quarter of last year the  Commerce Department  says it shrank a tenth of a percent. How big of a concern is this given the previous records of quarters. Well ', 'morning. I GDP down during the fourth quarter of last year the Commerce Department says it shrank a tenth of a percent. How big of a concern is this given the previous records of quarters. Well ', "get to you about this too big reports in the past our first. A final estimate of GDP for the third quarter the  Commerce Department  saying that the economy grew at an annual rate of three point 1%. I want to digest that number and a that we've ", 'our first. A final estimate of GDP for the third quarter the Commerce Department saying that the economy grew at an annual rate of three point 1%. I want to digest that number and a -- ', 'My wonderful wife to Reza has been part of this great journey for time. My brother who is serving over in the  Commerce Department  this council there and I trust they know is here and have given them time off. And my daughter. Vanessa and ', 'for -- time. My brother -- who is serving over in the Commerce Department this council there and I trust they know is here and have given them time off. And my daughter. Vanessa and her ', "does look like he's gonna happen anytime. the past hour about the we have new figures on durable goods the  Commerce Department  says that orders rose four point 2%. But he take out aircraft in the the numbers were actually down point 4 ", 'past hour about the we have new figures on durable goods the Commerce Department says that orders rose four point 2%. But he take out aircraft in the -- the numbers were actually down point 4% ', "hospital right after the crash. The  Commerce Department  saying as we come on the air that tasked with leading the nation's  Commerce Department . But now secretary John Bryson word from the White House or the  Commerce Department  as to what that mystery might be ", "the Bryson was treated at the hospital right after the crash. The Commerce Department saying as we come on the air that he sustained no injuries and has now been released -- ABC's. Jake Tapper has ", "of president Obama's cabinet he's the man tasked with leading the nation's Commerce Department . But now secretary John Bryson is under investigation. For felony hit and run. It happened just after 5 PM local time Saturday ", "look for. It's still no word from the White House or the Commerce Department as to what that mystery might be and Robin the Commerce Department put out a statement today basically telling us what we already know. Saying that the secretary -- sustained no injuries in the ", 'The  Commerce Department  report out this morning contains some very disappointing numbers during the second quarter of 2011 the GDP grew by only one point ', 'The Commerce Department report out this morning contains some very disappointing numbers during the second quarter of 2011 the GDP grew by only one point ', "actually paid yet. Some needed rain that that's interesting and that's true. I am right switch gears the  Commerce Department  is releasing its monthly new home sales report later this morning what do we expect to see this week. Top of ", "-- interesting and that's true. I am right switch gears -- the Commerce Department is releasing its monthly new home sales report later this morning what do we expect to see this week. Top of the ", 'his highly anticipated announcement next week on a new job initiative. Some positive economic news today the  Commerce Department  reports consumer spending grew in July by nearly 1%. Following a decline in June and easing fears that the US ', 'week on a new job initiative. Some positive economic news today the Commerce Department reports consumer spending grew in July by nearly 1%. Following a decline in June and easing fears that the US economy is ', 'certain technology which helped them build things like longer range missiles at. Chemical weapons. In fact the  Commerce Department  allowed Iraq to import supercomputers. Machine tools and even strains of anthrax. All of which helped Saddam ', 'build things like longer range missiles at. Chemical weapons. In fact the Commerce Department allowed Iraq to import supercomputers. Machine tools and even strains of anthrax. All of which helped Saddam build up his deadly arsenal. ', "those paychecks am getting a bit of a sigh of relief that's absolutely okay about an hour ago as well. The  Commerce Department  released new numbers on housing starts they were up. 15% for September is that strong enough to signal a turnaround ", "of relief that's absolutely okay about an hour ago as well. The Commerce Department released new numbers on housing starts they were up. 15% for September is that strong enough to signal a turnaround. Yes I "]