["happened all month. Caterpillar's earnings fell 43 percent in the second quarter as China's economy slowed and  commodity prices  sank. The company also warned of slowing revenue and profit, and its stock dropped $2.08, or 2 percent, to ", 'Boeing also topped expectations due to healthy orders for its aircraft, and bumped its outlook higher as well. One company that is down in premarket trading is Caterpillar, which is being stung by slowing growth and low  commodity prices .', 'offer an insight into the mindset of his boss, the richest person in Australia and, depending on what happens to  commodity prices , perhaps in the entire world soon -- a woman who wants people to see things her way. Gina Rinehart, 59, heir ', "despite QE 3, which critics of the Fed's move often cite concerns that it could increase the price of oil and other  commodity prices . Oil today had its lowest close since Aug. 3. The crude oil price eventually sets the price of gasoline, so this ", 'commitments to buy at a particular cost for several months in advance," said Lash. "As a result, the higher  commodity prices  that we\'re seeing now-and that could persist in light of the challenging weather conditions that we\'ve had ', 'Vilsack said on CNN\'s "State of the Union."  Commodity prices  are different from actual prices that we see in the stores the next day. And while  commodity prices  are on the rise, Vilsack argues that those increases ', 'choosing. EURO-MESS -EURO SINKS TO 15-WEEK LOW...The euro fell to near 15-week lows on Wednesday and  commodity prices  fell as political disarray in Greece deepened worries that the country may fail to stick to the terms of its EU ', 'year ago. The slowdown in 2011 was a result of the surge in oil (thanks in part to the Arab Spring) and other  commodity prices  that hammered consumers. Growth was hurt by fallout from the Japanese earthquake. The political spectacle over ', 'year can bring a fresh start for many people and, unfortunately, higher prices on a number of consumer goods.  Commodity prices  increased around the world in 2011, leading to hikes in everything from food to gold. On Tuesday, Starbucks said ', 'year can bring a fresh start for many people and, unfortunately, higher prices on a number of consumer goods.  Commodity prices  increased around the world in 2011, leading to hikes in everything from food to gold. Natural disasters, shrinking ', 'revision in the third quarter was reduced inventory growth. LeBas said one driver of the fall in inventory was lower  commodity prices  in the third quarter. For example, lower oil prices lead to oil inventories that are worth less. The other issue is that ', 'Allen. "We can handle volatile  commodity prices  and mechanical and engineering Allen is confident that high  commodity prices  will continue and will be something rocky. A dip in agricultural  commodity prices  and the construction recession ', 'They were out there today just about every gasoline station in America 1141000. Stations across the country. The workers pulling down one prices and slapping up new higher Prices all Americans have seen climb almost every single day since the start of the year take a look at this. The average price', "fundamental explanation for why all prices fell sharply as they did. And if you talk that your agency that over a lot of  commodity prices  came down in anticipation of this you don't know somebody. You know on copper that was paired with oil and copper ", "And if you talk that your agency that over a lot of commodity prices came down in anticipation of this -- you don't know somebody. You know -- -- on copper that was paired with -- ", 'absolutely I mean if you look at their import numbers they were higher but a big part of it was because it is rising  commodity prices  you know. This is certainly something that is hampered a lot of those emerging nations for its over a year now in ', 'higher but a big part of it was because it is rising commodity prices you know. This is certainly something that is hampered a lot of those emerging nations for its -- over a year now ', "and Jimmy contributor Wendy bounds is here with more good morning India so as you see the stock market. Plummet we  commodity prices  skyrocket and highest and it's been paying. I mean we're looking at a couple of things one despite the global ", "-- India so as you see the stock market. Plummet we -- commodity prices skyrocket and highest and it's been paying. -- I mean we're looking at a couple of things one despite the global economic ", 'taking a hit on some of its commodity hedges because it and there. Trying to protect itself because of that surging  commodity prices  we know some of those prices have come down the past few months. That means those hedges taken a bit of it they ', '-- and -- there. Trying to protect itself because of that surging commodity prices we know some of those prices have come down the past few months. That means those hedges -- -- taken a bit ', "four months. So let me a couple of things not certainly means that the cost of goods may be coming down all this  commodity prices . Rising input cut perhaps some abatement there so that's good news for retailers who don't have to deal would ", "the cost of goods may be coming down all this -- -- commodity prices . Rising input cut perhaps -- some abatement there so that's good news for retailers who don't have to deal would -- increasing ", "what offset them. Well we sell there's a lot of things that every take a look at the  commodity prices  there's a lot of concern about  commodity prices . Right now in terms of what we're seeing in terms of a drought that hasn't really hit ", "lot of things that -- -- every take a look at the commodity prices there's a lot of concern about commodity prices . Right now in terms of what we're seeing in terms of a drought that hasn't really hit the -- -- -- mean "]