["easy way to avoid ATM fees is by keeping money in a global bank that has international locations (HSBC, for example).  Community banks  and credit unions often offer checking accounts that don't charge international ATM fees. Check out some of these local ", 'industry as a whole has been relatively restrained in criticism for the stronger regulations, some small lenders, such as  community banks , have lobbied to be outright exempt from compliance with Basel III as they did not contribute to the 2008 downturn. The ', 'Brooklyn, N.Y., Katchpole said she closed her checking account with Bank of America last year and is a customer of a  community bank . "It\'s disappointing. But I guess that\'s what you get with a huge bank that doesn\'t seem to care about its customer ', "enormous boon for them. There've been 122 community and  small banks  have closed since Dodd- Frank. So there's one example rid of that provision because it's killing regional and  small banks . They're getting hurt. Let me mention another regulation ", 'that\'s been given to New York banks I\'ve ever seen. This is an enormous boon for them. There\'ve been 122 community and  small banks  have closed since Dodd- Frank. ... I would repeal and replace it." Obama on Massachusetts Health Care "The irony is ', 'director for the advocacy group U.S. PIRG, says  small banks  and credit unions continue to offer free checking accounts there\'s no proof consumers are not saving money. " Small banks  are benefiting from swipe reform. The industry has ', "bills, and by grandparents who stepped in when she needed help. Barack's grandmother started out as a secretary at a  community bank ...and she moved quickly up the ranks...but like so many women, she hit a glass ceiling. And for years, men no more qualified ", 'is the bank we wanted to use," said Daigle, who married his high school sweetheart Sandra in 1977. "We\'re a local  community bank  and we\'ve been in business for many years," a spokesperson for Milford Federal Savings and Loan Association told ABC ', 'abcn.ws/L63hTU TODAY: Discussion groups will cover the financial services industry, health care, Israel and  community banking . Moderating and speaking will be former secretary of state James A. Baker III, former Minnesota senator Norman Coleman ', 'day-by-day rundown: FRIDAY: Discussion groups will cover the financial services industry, health care, Israel and  community banking . Moderating and speaking will be former secretary of state James A. Baker III, former Minnesota senator Norman Coleman ', 'Perhaps. On Friday evening, discussion groups will cover the financial services industry, health care, Israel and  community banking . Moderating and speaking will be former secretary of state James A. Baker III, former Minnesota senator Norman Coleman ', 'plain-language credit card agreement. During a Q&A session, Cordray said he believed that it was not so much the  community banks  or credit unions that had brought on the financial crisis but pay-day loan services. According to Cordray, 20 million ', "let's talk about what exactly it would do. Well it's called glass. Eagle which is the idea that where you go do your  community banking . Should be different than say Goldman Sachs which is gonna do a lot of investment banking and really gonna act like more ", 'Eagle which is the idea that -- where you go do your community banking . Should be different than say Goldman Sachs which is gonna do a lot of investment banking and really gonna act like more ', 'importance of small  community banks  say neighborhoods are issued by  small banks  and credit unions provided by  community banks  and trillions And small  community banks  who very different understand that  small banks  actually emerged ', "the smaller bank has changed. The man you're about to meet says community banks are the key to getting the economic engines fired up again. CEO of open solutions Saint Louis Hernandez junior has written a ", "compliance costs and in this legislation couldn't have the effect of putting community banks at a business. Absolutely we had a record number last year -- 151. For some time and over a decade banks fail ", "needs to be done about it. Talk about the importance of small community banks say -- -- neighborhoods. Absolutely. Half of the loans to small businesses in this country -- those under 100000 dollars are issued by small banks and credit unions that's half -- the jobs in this country. At the same time they disproportionately land to the basics more than their -- this year they -- -- mortgages. And cars all the things that the fundamental needs. -- communities. Require are provided by community banks and trillions -- they live and work in their community that's where they charge off rates. And -- delinquency rates for so much lower. And yet we've made it nearly impossible for -- to do -- they do best. We need to have a separate set of regulations aimed at the unique needs of these credit unions. And small community banks who -- very different -- large banks which is friendly capital markets based. These are main street based. They live and work in the community and they need our support just as much. That makes sense to me Lewis on the irony is as that I understand that small banks actually emerged from the financial crisis in relatively good shape. As a group you know they entered much stronger than they are ", 'specific request of the  community banks  to help them for the disadvantaged  community banks  that Is that. People about going to a  community bank  we increase that an advantage. For  community banks  over the We also ', 'committee because we hear reports. From people in the field in the community banks . That bank examiners are being too tough no one want to encourage improvement lending. And the bank relatives tell us to agree ', "that is right because -- I would just say with regard to community banks . There was -- continued -- could never reported -- -- -- -- -- in the financial reform bill climate here. There was several provisions that we're in there at the specific request of the community banks to help them for example. One of the disadvantaged community banks that -- Is that. People with a large amounts to deposit would go to larger institutions because the limitation on deposit insurance. Would make -- a little worried about going to a community bank we increase that number of 350000. -- -- that -- -- an advantage. For community banks over the -- -- -- We also for the first time and I instantly change the way in which assessment -- On ", "I haven't been this when needed you know As I do you think you people going to keep. First  community bank . Sit com. That medium people already affected by these include. 300000 a year they've done. Former there is no. Coming out ", "you think you people -- going to keep. -- -- -- First community bank . Sit com. That -- medium people already affected by these include. 300000 a year -- they've done. Former -- there is no. ", "with CEOs of several smaller  community banks  around the country what's between the government and the  small banks  and the topic of discussion primary role of these small.  Community banks  to topics on the agenda besides ", "present a bombing is scheduled to meet with CEOs of several smaller community banks around the country what's behind this. What's the meaning of -- between the government and the small banks and the topic of discussion is how. They can work together to improve the economic recovering since thanks. Have been struggling a lot of them have been recipients of bailout from from the government the key here is how to land better to small business says that the primary role of these small. Community banks to topics on the agenda besides lending also their schedule to talk about mounting foreclosures. And -- And also how they can. ", 'billion dollar initiative that would. Went to  community banks  particularly for small businesses that we just have something a pot of money that we go to  community banks  specifically  small banks  and help small businesses. Well at this a ', "rolls out a -- thirty billion dollar initiative that would. Went to community banks particularly for small businesses that we just saw the senator from New Hampshire Judd Gregg not happy about what's going on here ", "why not have something a pot of money that we go to community banks specifically small banks and help small businesses. Well -- at this a good idea it it seems like but I can tell he's a small ", "new small business lending fund don't provide capital for  community banks  on main street. If the smaller local banks that were smoke Increasing guarantees for SBA backed loans. All this will help  small banks . Even more of what our economy needs ensure that small businesses ", "-- create a new small business lending fund don't provide capital for community banks on main street. If the smaller local banks that were smoke quote most closely with small businesses they usually provide them their "]