["fundamental explanation for why all prices fell sharply as they did. And if you talk that your agency that over a lot of  commodity prices  came down in anticipation of this you don't know somebody. You know on copper that was paired with oil and copper ", "And if you talk that your agency that over a lot of commodity prices came down in anticipation of this -- you don't know somebody. You know -- -- on copper that was paired with -- ", 'absolutely I mean if you look at their import numbers they were higher but a big part of it was because it is rising  commodity prices  you know. This is certainly something that is hampered a lot of those emerging nations for its over a year now in ', 'higher but a big part of it was because it is rising commodity prices you know. This is certainly something that is hampered a lot of those emerging nations for its -- over a year now ', "and Jimmy contributor Wendy bounds is here with more good morning India so as you see the stock market. Plummet we  commodity prices  skyrocket and highest and it's been paying. I mean we're looking at a couple of things one despite the global ", "-- India so as you see the stock market. Plummet we -- commodity prices skyrocket and highest and it's been paying. -- I mean we're looking at a couple of things one despite the global economic ", 'taking a hit on some of its commodity hedges because it and there. Trying to protect itself because of that surging  commodity prices  we know some of those prices have come down the past few months. That means those hedges taken a bit of it they ', '-- and -- there. Trying to protect itself because of that surging commodity prices we know some of those prices have come down the past few months. That means those hedges -- -- taken a bit ', "four months. So let me a couple of things not certainly means that the cost of goods may be coming down all this  commodity prices . Rising input cut perhaps some abatement there so that's good news for retailers who don't have to deal would ", "the cost of goods may be coming down all this -- -- commodity prices . Rising input cut perhaps -- some abatement there so that's good news for retailers who don't have to deal would -- increasing ", "what offset them. Well we sell there's a lot of things that every take a look at the  commodity prices  there's a lot of concern about  commodity prices . Right now in terms of what we're seeing in terms of a drought that hasn't really hit ", "lot of things that -- -- every take a look at the commodity prices there's a lot of concern about commodity prices . Right now in terms of what we're seeing in terms of a drought that hasn't really hit the -- -- -- mean ", "country's corn crop is in good or excellent condition. That sent corn prices soaring 37%. Since June 15 now food and  commodity prices  are expected to rise as much as three and a half percent. Beginning late this year. What that means you higher ", 'That sent corn prices soaring 37%. Since June 15 now food and commodity prices are expected to rise as much as three and a half percent. Beginning late this year. What that means -- you higher ', 'there overall market share. In the business they realized that unfortunately. They are not able to these higher  commodity prices  to consumers and really back was back to the stagnant wage growth there were experiencing wages and incomes are ', 'they realized that unfortunately. They are not able to -- these higher commodity prices to consumers and really back was back to the stagnant wage growth there were experiencing wages and incomes are. Not rising and ', "Sunbelt area. Perhaps Dallas and what they're worried about is as you mentioned fuel prices they're worried about  commodity prices  and that's gonna potentially impact profits at Starbucks What they're is increasing prices on certain drinks ", "worried about is as you mentioned fuel prices -- they're worried about commodity prices and that's gonna potentially impact profits at Starbucks -- What they're -- is increasing prices on certain drinks not all for example ", 'higher costs for fresh beef we know obviously. Consumers and companies have had to struggle with. This surgery  commodity prices  last year. But wait I wanna point out really one of the companies that is trying to remake itself been rolling out ', 'obviously. Consumers and companies have had to struggle with. This surgery -- commodity prices last year. But wait I wanna point out really one of the companies that is trying to remake itself -- been rolling ', "money. On and one thing the company also pointing out is the profit margins were screen squeeze because of higher.  Commodity prices . When it comes to PetSmart re reporting after the close today analysts looking for net income to be up 12%. It's ", "pointing out is the profit margins were screen squeeze because of higher. Commodity prices . When it comes to PetSmart -- re reporting after the close today analysts looking for net income to be up 12%. It's ", "biggest consumers an energy here actually raw material company's metal mining companies have by the waived their  commodity prices  are soaring so they get to charge more for their beds. Which can offset its higher input costs. Really interesting ", "actually raw material company's metal mining companies have by the waived their commodity prices are soaring so they get to charge more for their beds. Which can offset its higher input costs. Really interesting -- -- ", "country probably within the month. In the talkback  commodity prices  as a whole can we expect to food prices including didn't see the full impact of the these increases in  commodity prices  in the the actual products on the shelves we didn't ", "where -- in the country probably within the month. In the talkback commodity prices as a whole can we expect to -- food prices including prices also go down as well. Yes although probably in a more moderate waved -- -- -- prices and by the way we didn't see the full impact of the these increases in commodity prices in the the actual products on the shelves we didn't see cotton. Goods for example go up as much as the crew ", "reassured by that all right let's change gears here Alcoa has kicked off earnings season what they report. we know  commodity prices  have surged on an Alcoa certainly beneficiary of that biggest aluminum maker. Profit more than doubled in the most ", 'Alcoa has kicked off earnings season what they report. -- we know commodity prices have surged on an Alcoa certainly beneficiary of that biggest aluminum maker. Profit more than doubled in the most recent quarter compared ', "is this an end. If that's going to be with stocking up and T shirts underwear socks the basics. Yes indeed.  Commodity prices  are expected to rise and eleven depending on who you talk to anywhere from five to 30% on cotton in particular ", '-- stocking up and T shirts underwear socks the basics. Yes indeed. Commodity prices are expected to rise and -- eleven -- depending on who you talk to anywhere from five to 30% on cotton in ', "is that this company says that it wasn't affected by the weather as much to the or rising  commodity prices  and they put the the rise in  commodity prices  down and find the level of organic items or cut basic the post office organic items. On the ", "wasn't affected by the weather as much to the -- or rising commodity prices and they put the the rise in commodity prices -- down and find the level of organic items or cut basic -- the post office organic items. On the floor then ", "of analysts' estimates. And one of the reasons higher crop prices at that we're seeing right now these record  commodity prices  so we saw gains in tractors and also in com And I want to also point out the construction it is coming back that's ", "-- higher crop prices at that we're seeing right now these record commodity prices so we saw gains in tractors and also in com -- And I want to also point out the construction it is ", "that's what will look for also is any kind of inflation concern. Only inflation concerns we've seen is some  commodity prices  rising and and but they haven't been and they have and an across the board. As far as housing we would expect ", "any kind of inflation concern. Only inflation concerns we've seen is some commodity prices rising and and but they haven't been -- and they have and an across the board. As far as housing we would ", 'contributing to a slowing in underlying wage and price pressures. And longer run inflation expectations are stable.  Commodity prices  have risen lately likely reflecting the pick up in global economic activity. And the depreciation of the dollar ', 'underlying wage and price pressures. And longer run inflation expectations are stable. Commodity prices have risen lately likely reflecting the pick up in global economic activity. And the depreciation of the dollar. Although we will continue ']