['3 abalone  divers killed over the weekend in separate accidents off Northern California coast', "Three recreational abalone divers died in separate incidents over the weekend in Northern California, where powerful rip currents were reported.A low tide drew the divers to the beaches looking for the mollusks that are prized delicacies by seafood lovers, the Press Democrat reported (http://bit.ly/14GNVVc) on Sunday.The body of a 66-year-old retired Pacifica firefighter was found on Saturday afternoon off Shell Beach in Sonoma County.Cedric Collett, a strong swimmer in good physical shape, had been diving with a friend but didn't resurface, the newspaper said. His body was found still in his weight belt, which is used to help a diver stay submerged while prying abalone loose from rocks.On Sunday morning, several divers helped pull 36-year-old Kenneth Liu of San Francisco to shore after he got caught in a rip tide off nearby Salt Point State Park, but he couldn't be revived, the newspaper said.Several hours later, an unidentified diver was found dead north of Fort Bragg. A Sonoma Count...", 'A diver who was almost swallowed head first by a huge shark said Wednesday he survived by poking the animal in the eye and credited the lead-lined vest he was wearin...', "Researchers in South Africa have discovered what may have been the world's earliest artist's studio.A 100,000-year-old workshop used to mix and store the reddish pig...", 'Do you crave a little red-blooded adventure along with your red wine? The Napa Valley may have just what you seek.Sure, you can indulge such standard bro behaviors a...', 'As the world commemorated the 10th anniversary of the World Trade Center attacks, Sunday was doubly significant for Japan . It marked six months since the massive ea...', 'Gazing down on the gray, rubble-strewn valley, as a backhoe lifts twisted metal into one of hundreds of piles, Takako Abe clutches her walker and points to where her...', 'HONG KONG - When Steven Leung and Sylvia Cheung celebrated their nuptials in this southern Chinese financial center recently, they lavished their guests with one sum...', 'Police say a diver has been killed by two great white sharks off the south Australian coast.Police Insp. Glen Sickerdick told Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio the...', 'Culinary traditions are challenged as Hong Kongers wage campaign against shark fin', "Culinary traditions are challenged as Hong Kongers wage campaign against eating shark's fin", 'Slashing your annual vacation travel budget is an easy way to save money, and families can choose a much less expensive "staycation" to achieve that goal. But stayin...', 'ADELAIDE, Australia -- Police say a diver has been killed by two great white sharks off the south Australian coast.Police Insp. Glen Sickerdick told Australian Broad...', "Giant robots are best suited for Terminator-scale tasks. To measure the sea's tiniest inhabitants, oceanographers will need to build a new type of robot.Ocean-going ...", 'BelugaThe largest freshwater fish on earth produces the largest caviar: ball-bearing-sized eggs from dark gray to black. It is currently illegal in the U.S. The Belu...', 'If you were to travel back in time 50 years and visit a restaurant, be it a high-end French bistro or a grubby roadside truck stop, a glance at the menu would most l...', 'Manhattan Beach at 40th StreetWith its photogenic pier and tony neighborhood, this South Bay classic has a certain star quality. Pristine waters invite swimming, boo...', 'Oregon man convicted in Indian grave theft and murder-for-hire plot dies in prison', 'A former insurance agent and amateur archaeologist convicted of looting ancient Indian graves in the Nevada desert and later offering $10,000 in opals for a hit man ...', "Picture this: Lobster cooked eight ways. Sharks' fin bathed in a rich brown sauce. Stewed bird's nest sweetened with apricots. Abalone braised until tender.Now, the ..."]