['importance of small  community banks  say neighborhoods are issued by  small banks  and credit unions provided by  community banks  and trillions And small  community banks  who very different understand that  small banks  actually emerged ', "the smaller bank has changed. The man you're about to meet says community banks are the key to getting the economic engines fired up again. CEO of open solutions Saint Louis Hernandez junior has written a ", "compliance costs and in this legislation couldn't have the effect of putting community banks at a business. Absolutely we had a record number last year -- 151. For some time and over a decade banks fail ", "needs to be done about it. Talk about the importance of small community banks say -- -- neighborhoods. Absolutely. Half of the loans to small businesses in this country -- those under 100000 dollars are issued by small banks and credit unions that's half -- the jobs in this country. At the same time they disproportionately land to the basics more than their -- this year they -- -- mortgages. And cars all the things that the fundamental needs. -- communities. Require are provided by community banks and trillions -- they live and work in their community that's where they charge off rates. And -- delinquency rates for so much lower. And yet we've made it nearly impossible for -- to do -- they do best. We need to have a separate set of regulations aimed at the unique needs of these credit unions. And small community banks who -- very different -- large banks which is friendly capital markets based. These are main street based. They live and work in the community and they need our support just as much. That makes sense to me Lewis on the irony is as that I understand that small banks actually emerged from the financial crisis in relatively good shape. As a group you know they entered much stronger than they are ", 'specific request of the  community banks  to help them for the disadvantaged  community banks  that Is that. People about going to a  community bank  we increase that an advantage. For  community banks  over the We also ', 'committee because we hear reports. From people in the field in the community banks . That bank examiners are being too tough no one want to encourage improvement lending. And the bank relatives tell us to agree ', "that is right because -- I would just say with regard to community banks . There was -- continued -- could never reported -- -- -- -- -- in the financial reform bill climate here. There was several provisions that we're in there at the specific request of the community banks to help them for example. One of the disadvantaged community banks that -- Is that. People with a large amounts to deposit would go to larger institutions because the limitation on deposit insurance. Would make -- a little worried about going to a community bank we increase that number of 350000. -- -- that -- -- an advantage. For community banks over the -- -- -- We also for the first time and I instantly change the way in which assessment -- On ", "I haven't been this when needed you know As I do you think you people going to keep. First  community bank . Sit com. That medium people already affected by these include. 300000 a year they've done. Former there is no. Coming out ", "you think you people -- going to keep. -- -- -- First community bank . Sit com. That -- medium people already affected by these include. 300000 a year -- they've done. Former -- there is no. ", "with CEOs of several smaller  community banks  around the country what's between the government and the  small banks  and the topic of discussion primary role of these small.  Community banks  to topics on the agenda besides ", "present a bombing is scheduled to meet with CEOs of several smaller community banks around the country what's behind this. What's the meaning of -- between the government and the small banks and the topic of discussion is how. They can work together to improve the economic recovering since thanks. Have been struggling a lot of them have been recipients of bailout from from the government the key here is how to land better to small business says that the primary role of these small. Community banks to topics on the agenda besides lending also their schedule to talk about mounting foreclosures. And -- And also how they can. ", 'billion dollar initiative that would. Went to  community banks  particularly for small businesses that we just have something a pot of money that we go to  community banks  specifically  small banks  and help small businesses. Well at this a ', "rolls out a -- thirty billion dollar initiative that would. Went to community banks particularly for small businesses that we just saw the senator from New Hampshire Judd Gregg not happy about what's going on here ", "why not have something a pot of money that we go to community banks specifically small banks and help small businesses. Well -- at this a good idea it it seems like but I can tell he's a small ", "new small business lending fund don't provide capital for  community banks  on main street. If the smaller local banks that were smoke Increasing guarantees for SBA backed loans. All this will help  small banks . Even more of what our economy needs ensure that small businesses ", "-- create a new small business lending fund don't provide capital for community banks on main street. If the smaller local banks that were smoke quote most closely with small businesses they usually provide them their ", "important though to note that. Most of the banks that are now active in the space with second mortgages. Our  small banks community banks  so we're looking at banks like in the midwest associated bank suntrust which it. Which is in the south and ", "banks that are now active in the space with second mortgages. Our small banks community banks so we're looking at banks like in the midwest associated bank suntrust which it. Which is in the south and the mid ", "and you talk about bankers' lending you know  community banks  are being hammered. You know because they're look at the threatened other and capturing the  small banks  and  small banks  in our communities that are. Are critical to ", "and are small business and you talk about bankers' lending you know community banks are being hammered. You know because they're coming into being taken over that -- they can't they can't. Loaned money. Okay you can't get reprisals you look at the threatened other -- and capturing the small banks and small banks in our communities that are. Are critical to the flavor of our communities we can't get capital so I think it and ", 'biggest banks teeter on the brink many thousands of smaller  community banks  are thriving. Playing by the old fashioned rules and serving long gone so many places like Evansville are suffering but  small banks  deeply rooted in their communities how we doing today. Are ', "the country's biggest banks teeter on the brink many thousands of smaller community banks are thriving. Playing by the old fashioned rules and serving their customers well. Here's Chris -- In farm and factory country far ", 'biggest banks teeter on the brink many thousands of smaller  community banks  are thriving. Playing by the old fashioned rules and serving long gone so many places like Evansville are suffering but  small banks  deeply rooted in their communities how we doing today. Are ', "the country's biggest banks teeter on the brink many thousands of smaller community banks are thriving. Playing by the old fashioned rules and serving their customers well. Here's Chris -- In farm and factory country far ", "this is an enormous boon for them. The 122. Community and  small banks  have closed to stop there's one example here's another rid of that provision because it's killing regional and  small banks  they're getting hurt. I'm image and other regulation ", 'Obama will call for TARP extension, focusing small businesses and  small banks .', 'we need to encourage that small  community banks  to talk a lot about the big banks. But small  community banks  are drowning and a lot of these requirements have been. Place in the small  community banks . Over the past year and a half ', 'the United States from overseas that we need to encourage that small community banks to talk a lot about the big banks. But small community banks are drowning and a lot of these regulations if we open up some of the requirements have been. Place in the small community banks . Over the past year and a half. We could get lending -- -- main street. Businesses again so that those things that ', 'march across the country. Since Bank of America announced its new five dollar a month that it last month credit union to  community banks  across the country have seen an explosion membership. Miami terror rejection of middle school PTA president pulled the ', 'five dollar a month that it -- last month credit union to community banks across the country have seen an explosion -- membership. -- Miami terror rejection of middle school PTA president pulled the plug on ', "Organizations like moveon.org. Want people to transfer their cash out of commercial banks and into credit unions. And  community banks  both of which are known to have fewer fees in the giant institutions. They say it's a trend that's already started ", "transfer their cash out of commercial banks and into credit unions. And community banks both of which are known to have fewer fees in the giant institutions. They say it's a trend that's already started with ", "of our customer and their shareholders tomorrow and tens of thousands will close their accounts at big banks. And look too  small banks  who say they're not gonna charge and those The big banks are saying no matter what happens they'll have to recoup that ", "of thousands will close their accounts at big banks. And look too small banks who say they're not gonna charge and those -- The big banks are saying no matter what happens they'll have to recoup ", "saying to the big banks you're gonna get the capital much cheaper have and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to sort of two. In the  small banks  are going to be left on the outside union. We are stacking the deck in favor of the big banks instead of the small it is ", 'and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to sort of two. In the small banks are going to be left on the outside -- union. We are stacking the deck in favor of the big banks instead ', "clients big banks have built their business on. The income and  community banks  like people's bank of bill back on relationship. great says there are thousands of  community banks  and credit unions across the country. Offering low or no cost ", "his clients big banks have built their business on. The income and community banks like people's bank of bill back on relationship. -- great says there are thousands of community banks and credit unions across the country. Offering low or no cost accounts also direct deposit is -- if you can directly deposit ", "had not first of all let's be clear I don't I think it does not assume since August or how bad there are many their  community banks  small that really By they consumer. Foliage seventy fall for extra security accounting for debit cards every time he made ", 'assume since August or how bad there are many -- -- their community banks small -- that really -- By they consumer. Foliage seventy fall for extra security accounting for debit cards -- -- -- every ']