['The National Zoo, National Museum of Natural History and National Air and Space Museum, shown here, are the biggest crowd-pleasers among the 18 Smithsonian institutions in Washington, D.C. -- and admission is free.', 'Most national parks encourage you to tune in to nature; New Orleans Jazz National Historical Park celebrates jazz in its birthplace.', "The light-filled Getty Museum in Los Angeles has interiors that display an impressive collection of European and American art including Vincent van Gogh's famous irises.", "Board New York's Staten Island Ferry at sunset, when Lady Liberty is silhouetted against a pink-and-orange sky. You'll pass the Statue of Liberty, with a panoramic view of glittering downtown Manhattan, Brooklyn and Jersey City.", 'Folks line up to see the 2,000-pound Liberty Bell -- enshrined in glass -- and tour Independence Hall in Philadelphia. ', 'Horticulturists at the Bellagio in Las Vegas create seasonal over-the-top displays in the Conservatory. Stop in for a free musical performance.', "In Honolulu, check out the Royal Hawaiian Center's free performances, including Polynesian song and dance.", "The Alamo chapel in San Antonio is an official Texas State Shrine -- and the state's most popular site with more than 2.5 million annual visitors.", 'Pike Place Market in Seattle, Washington, is home to more than 200 independent small businesses, including bakeries, flower and butcher shops and casual seafood restaurants. ', 'Pay your respects at twin reflecting pools that occupy the footprint of the former World Trade Center towers in New York City. ', 'The travel industry rakes in billions each year, but not every great attraction charges a fee', 'The Smithsonian museums in Washington make for fun, educational outings at no cost', 'In Las Vegas, the Conservatory at the Bellagio offers free live music in the gardens', '(CNN) -- Imagine seeing masterpieces by Van Gogh, entertaining your kids with activities and strolling a hilltop garden with waterfalls and beautiful views at sunset.', "Now imagine doing it all for free. That's how your day could play out at the Getty Museum in L.A., where admission doesn't cost a thing.", "Enjoying what America has to offer can get expensive fast: in 2011, the U.S. travel industry made $813 billion, and some of America's most popular cities are also its most expensive. With high gas prices and airline fees, it's refreshing to know that there are still some venues like the Getty that give another meaning to the land of the free.", "In our search for the top free attractions, we bypassed public parks and train stations to focus on experiences you wouldn't necessarily expect to be free. Find out just how far $0 can get you from coast to coast.", 'Most national parks encourage you to tune in to nature; this one celebrates jazz in its birthplace, New Orleans. There\'s live music at the visitor center in the French Quarter and the Old U.S. Mint six days a week, and a kids\' music workshop on Saturdays at Perseverance Hall in Louis Armstrong Park. The visitor center also hosts free talks, video documentaries and exhibits on local jazz history. You can pick up one of two self-guided audio tours, "Jazz Sites in New Orleans" or "Jazz Walk of Fame."', "Free cultural programming sets the remodeled Royal Hawaiian Center apart from your average shopping mall. You can drop by for a traditional Hawaiian massage (lomilomi), lei-making, Hawaiian quilting or a crash course in playing the ukulele or dancing the hula. There are also free performances, including Polynesian song and dance and hula 'auana, which is hula's modern form. It's an added bonus that parking is unusually affordable for Waikiki: free for an hour with validation.", 'Pay your respects at twin reflecting pools that occupy the footprint of the former World Trade Center towers. The memorial is inscribed with the names of all who died in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and of February 26, 1993. Hundreds of white oaks help create a peaceful atmosphere. While admission is free, advance reservations are required.', "Planning a getaway? Don't miss Travel + Leisure's guide to the World's Best Hotels", "It's about making an entrance. Dramatic entries are a given with air travel, and airports should convey a sense of welcome and arrival.", 'Get ready to shred your vocal cords. Or just clench your jaw and hang on in terrified silence.', "We've come to expect fees for hotel WiFi and parking, but as lodging fees pile up, there are some that may come as a surprise.", "In the 1950s and '60s, the ocean liner SS United States was the choice of movie stars, famous musicians and kings. ", "The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfort in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.", "You heard of the two guys who recently opted in to a two-year, $1.5 million holiday? These are some of the sights they'll be privy to.", "Gross is everywhere. It's in the food we eat, it's in nature, and of course, we ourselves might be the greatest source of grossness. ", "When five teenagers sat down and posed for a picture at Copco Lake in 1982, they didn't plan on making it a tradition. But that's what it became. "]