['The economy has showed slow improvement throughout, registering gains in the housing and stock markets and  consumer confidence . The national unemployment rate, though it remains high by historical levels, actually is down to 7.6 percent ', "economy has slowly but steadily improved. The housing market is coming back, the stock market is on the rise and  consumer confidence  is near its highest levels of Obama's presidency. Nationwide unemployment is also falling, though at 7.6 ", 'predicted a $400 million boost in economic activity as a result of the royal baby, in part because of a boost in  consumer confidence  due to a "feel good factor". Read More: Royal Baby Is $400 Million Economic Bonanza On previous royal-related ', "unemployment rate sits at 7.6 percent, painfully high but near the lowest rate of Obama's presidency, and  consumer confidence  is at one of the highest levels since he took office. But there are big questions about what more Obama can ", "data and is intended to signal economic conditions three to six months out. Positive trends, such as higher  consumer confidence  and fewer applications for unemployment benefits, were offset by last month's decline in stock prices and a ", "remained. The federal budget policies could restrain growth for longer than expected. Or a congressional battle later this year over raising the government's borrowing limit could once again rattle investor and  consumer confidence . .", "Systems, an investment research firm. The outlook for Discover and MasterCard is also good, particularly as  consumer confidence  improves. The companies' biggest challenge remains staying competitive in a crowded field, he says. While Brown ", "Systems, an investment research firm. The outlook for Discover and MasterCard is also good, particularly as  consumer confidence  improves. The companies' biggest challenge remains staying competitive in a crowded field, he says. While Brown ", 'credit - balances on credit cards - rose, surprising some analysts. The rise came as several reports showed  consumer confidence  had risen to its highest level in 5 years. At the same time fewer people are falling behind on credit card payments ', 'by consumer spending and the housing recovery. The consumer economy is showing more signs of flashing green.  Consumer confidence  has reached a five-year high. Small-business confidence might also indicate further signs of improvement ', 'boost sales. "Credit is widely available and it\'s very cheap." Karl Brower at Kelly Bluebook says rising  consumer confidence  is also a plus: "Slow but sure confidence that people are gaining in the economy at least that\'s going to ', 'points yesterday as investors reacted to reports suggesting improvements for housing, durable goods orders, and  consumer confidence . Stock futures rose again this morning. Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter ', 'measure for the U.S. housing market, released their biggest gains in seven years, which could hint at increased  consumer confidence . 4. US Mom Held in Mexico on Drug Charge Yanira Maldonado, the Arizona mom detained in Mexico on drug charges ', 'reports and tomorrow we get an amber Bentley a couple of housing reports to be important watch and we also get  consumer confidence  and also a durable goods orders have people that have their eyes. On a economic news. All very important reports ', 'of housing reports -- to be important watch and we also get consumer confidence and also a durable goods orders have people that -- have their eyes. On a -- economic news. All very important reports ', 'optimistic about the economy than they were a month ago fewer are planning to make major purchases they tell us. The  consumer confidence index  rose this month after a sharp drop in June. When we come back the concorde crash and the ship that was waiting ', '-- fewer are planning to make major purchases they tell us. The consumer confidence index rose this month after a sharp drop in June. When we come back the concorde crash and the ship that was waiting ', "latest on how consumers feel about the country's economy. Surprisingly positive according to the ABC news  consumer confidence index  there was a big big jump last week it was up six points. And that is at its highest level now since January ", "about the country's economy. Surprisingly positive -- according to the ABC news consumer confidence index there was a big big jump last week it was up six points. And that is at its highest level now since ", "through over the last. you know it's so funny  consumer confidence  as a concept scenes really intangible now. But snowballing effect. So we've looked at the  consumer confidence index  the most recent report in November and it actually ", "we've been through over the last. -- you know it's so funny consumer confidence as a concept scenes really intangible now. But it's it's critically important and realistic because it feeds on itself. When people are confident they caught me by house prices go up the more people when they're not confident -- reverse happened ninth. There's little sign that money that this that the snowballing effect. So we've looked at the consumer confidence index the most recent report in November and it actually showed. That most people agree with with mr. Obama that it may get ", "doing very well. Reporter: In dealerships across the country, all said the same thing, americans are buying.  Consumer confidence . Chance of losing a job is less. They know they have that paycheck. They're a whole lot more willing to come ", "dealerships across the country, all said the same thing, americans are buying. Consumer confidence . Chance of losing a job is less. They know they have that paycheck. They're a whole lot more willing to come in ", "doing very well. Reporter: In dealerships across the country, all said the same thing, americans are buying.  Consumer confidence . Chance of losing a job is less. They know they have that paycheck. They're a whole lot more willing to come ", "dealerships across the country, all said the same thing, americans are buying. Consumer confidence . Chance of losing a job is less. They know they have that paycheck. They're a whole lot more willing to come in ", "Stocks slipped to rise today as a result of new signs of strength in the sector joining us to talk about this and the rest of the day's business headlines as Alex steals from the street dot com Alex welcome thanks for being here engineer Italy so what is what is going on in the tech sector that"]