['Long Island Flooding: Islip, New York Swamped By Over 13 Inches of Rain - weather.com ', 'Long Island Flooding: Islip, New York Swamped By Over 13 Inches of Rain - weather.com', 'Over a foot of rain in a few hours brought parts of Long Island, New York, to a standstill Wednesday, pushing rescuers into high alert mode across the area.A state of emergency was declared for the town of Islip\xc2\xa0after 13.57 inches of rain fell, setting a new 24-hour rainfall record for the state of New York, previously set during Hurricane/Tropical Storm Irene. Thirteen inches is more rainfall than Islip would see during all three summer months combined.', "Photos showed numerous vehicles stranded and deep water covering roads.Numerous streets were shut down throughout the day, including parts of the Long Island Expressway, the Southern State Parkway, the Northern State Parkway, the Seaford-Oyster Bay Expressway, the Sunrise Highway, route 110, the Sagtikos Parkway and the Jericho Turnpike.The westbound lane of Hulse Landing Road near Wading River, New York partially collapsed, according to media reports.A traffic cam on the Southern State Parkway captured the scene of dozens of cars stranded near Belmont Avenue. Cars were also stranded in front of the Bay Shore Mall on Sunrise Highway.\xc2\xa0Fire department boats were deployed to rescue stranded motorists in\xc2\xa0Nesconset, New York. At least two feet of water flooded the Bay Shore train station's parking lot, and a parking lot at Long Island MacArthur Airport.", 'Dramatic before and after photos of flooded backyard in West Islip, NY http://t.co/ENPFVICXTt pic.twitter.com/DCVmXq2lT7\xe2\x80\x94 NBC New York (@NBCNewYork) August 13, 2014', 'Eight inches of water had entered the first floor of a home in Bellmore, New York, and there was a report of eight feet of water in a basement in Holbrook.Islip\xc2\xa0picked up a whopping 9.71 inches of rain in just two hours ending at 6:56 a.m. ET, including an incredible one-hour total of 5.34 inches between 4:56 and 5:56 a.m. ET. Thanks to this deluge, Islip shattered its previous record wettest August of 13.78 inches in 1990, and is now likely to eclipse their wettest single month, 14.07 inches in October 2005.', 'Impressive one-day torrential rain swath from D.C. to L.I. and southern CT. pic.twitter.com/cMQzfdu642\xe2\x80\x94 Jonathan Erdman (@wxjerdman) August 13, 2014', "The heavy rain spread into parts of southern Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Maine later Wednesday. Roads were flooded with up to two feet of water around the Providence, Rhode Island metro. Underpasses were flooded in Springfield, Massachusetts, and two feet of street flooding closed a few streets in Leominster, Massachusetts.Vehicles were stranded Wednesday night in Saco, Maine. Portland, Maine tallied their fifth wettest calendar day on record Wednesday, picking up 6.43 inches of rain.This flooding was only the continuation of a long swath of heavy rain Tuesday and Tuesday night from the Nation's Capital and Baltimore into New Jersey.Tuesday, a flash flood emergency developed in Baltimore where more than 8 inches of rain fell southeast of the city. Heavy rain then spread Tuesday night and Wednesday morning into parts of southern New Jersey, Long Island and Connecticut.\xc2\xa0(MORE:\xc2\xa0Record Rainfall Floods Baltimore-Washington Area)By far the most dangerous thing you can do in a flash flood is attempt to drive in flood waters. This infographic from our partners at Weather Underground shows the startling facts that few people realize about flooding.", 'A car is abandoned on the Southern State Parkway following heavy rains and flash flooding Aug. 13, 2014 in Islip, N.Y. (Andrew Theodorakis/Getty Images)', 'Severe Weather Forecast: Severe Thunderstorm Watch Issued for Kentucky, Tennessee; Flash Flood Threat in Several Regions']