['voted "no," along with 21 other senators, all but one of them Democrats. The only GOP senator to side with Hagel was  Richard Lugar  (R-Ind.), then the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee. Today Graham and Hagel sparred over the question ', 'then defeated Bob Kerrey. Palin also backed Richard Mourdock, who won his high-profile primary against the six-term  Dick Lugar , but thanks to his bizarre comments about rape, he lost to Democrat Joe Donnelly. She also backed Ted Cruz, who was victorious ', "20 million in Iran's energy sector. The extension passed 96-2 . Hagel voted against it along with Republican  Sen .  Richard Lugar , who later enjoyed a good relationship with Obama as ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee ", "million from the start of the year until Dec. 6. They graded candidates on a modified A through F scale. The NRA gave  Sen .  Dick Lugar , R-Ind., an F rating, despite his rank as Indiana's longest-serving senator in history. The group said ", 'leaving a void at exactly the wrong time, Pentagon watchers fear.At least half a dozen heavyweights, such as Sens.  Dick Lugar  (R-Ind.) and Joe Lieberman (I-Conn.) and Reps. Norm Dicks (D-Wash.), Jerry Lewis (R-Calif.) and Roscoe ', 'with their party and voted for the treaty: Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, John Barrasso of Wyoming, Scott Brown of Massachusetts, Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine,  Richard Lugar  of Indiana, McCain, and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska.', 'month of negotiations. However, the primary losses of longtime incumbent senators such as Bob Bennett of Utah in 2010 and  Richard Lugar  of Indiana in 2012 will likely stay somewhere in the minds of these Republican incumbents, complicating the negotiations ', "than 1 percent of the vote. Indiana was a story of Republican failure. In May 2012 longtime incumbent Republican  Senator Dick Lugar  lost his primary battle to Indiana state treasurer Richard Mourdock. Lugar's loss was considered an upset for ", 'Akin and Richard Mourdock emerged as underdogs in their primaries-Mourdock unseated a strong incumbent, six-term  Sen .  Dick Lugar -and faltered after making controversial comments about rape. Republicans lost both races, which they had been ', 'who you are HERE . Republicans\' problem in Indiana might have more to do with unseating a six-term incumbent,  Sen .  Dick Lugar , with the tea-partier Mourdock in a primary taking a safe GOP candidate off the board. But "rape" was the issue ', "Indiana, tea party Republicans and many members of the GOP establishment actively campaigned against their incumbent,  Sen .  Dick Lugar , and instead nominated the state's Treasurer, Richard Mourdock, a candidate Democrats preferred. Find election-night ", "likely sunk now that tea party-backed state Treasurer Richard Mourdock has failed in his bid to replace Republican  Sen .  Richard Lugar . Conservative Democrat Joe Donnelly, a New York City-born congressman from the state's 2nd district, defeated ", 'And I want to thank. remarkable sons mark. John mandate it and the entire family. their understanding. Their support and their love. Sharon my family have been indispensable. To every aspect. My public service from the Indianapolis school board My public service is not concluded. I look forward to', "with her. If she wants to prove she can win this on her own and that's going to be tough and. Enzi senator enzi is not  senator Lugar  and senator is that right miles an ideological. Conservative senator in the senate so it's not. It's like how she's ", "and that's going to be tough and. Enzi senator enzi is not senator Lugar and senator -- is that right miles an ideological. Conservative senator in the senate so it's not. It's like how she's gonna ", "her. She wants to prove she can win this on her own and that's going to be tough and Let's end season and he is not  senator Lugar  and senator NG is that right miles an ideological. Conservative senator in the senate so it's not. It's like how she's ", "Indiana in the United States that tradition. Are people like  Richard Lugar . And Evan Bayh who worked to get. Only focus. Is on what's men and women. Tremendous servants everywhere people like  Richard Lugar . Who gave his heart to this country in the navy as mayor ", "in Indiana in the United States -- that tradition. Are people like Richard Lugar . And Evan Bayh who worked to get. Only focus. Is on what's right for our country and so -- state all of my fellow -- out there. This isn't about politics. This isn't about one party or the other our tradition of men and women. Tremendous servants everywhere people like Richard Lugar . Who gave his heart -- to this country in the navy as mayor of Indianapolis. As a senator for our state that's ", "Virginia and  senator Richard Lugar  Indiana and  senator Lugar  let me Begin with cut off of funds  senator Lugar  but I'm listening the congress.  Senator Lugar  when it comes to distinguish like  Dick Lugar  to try and help ", "and everything I can -- one senator. Working to distinguish -- like Dick Lugar to try and help the president. In every way possible. Achieve what's in the best security interest of this country so that ", "there the incumbent.  Dick Lugar  looks like he's not he's going to. Defeat  senator Richard Lugar  in the primary on Tuesday this is a race where  Dick Lugar  is on his heels now hurt 51 on the right  Richard Lugar  I am not a Republican ", "issue here beyond mr. Lugar mr. Com this is a race where Dick Lugar is on his heels now. All for being bipartisan. He has a 77%. Conservative -- -- I grew up in the state. With two United States senators one on the left and got hurt 51 on the right Richard Lugar I am not a Republican. And I II don't live there anymore my family still lives about -- what with written grit and Dick Lugar of my state senator and my United States senator. To see him now on his heels over being our part and we ", "Relations Committee  senator Richard Lugar  also Democrat on gentlemen welcome and  senator Lugar  let me Begin. We won't be able to  senator Lugar  suggested effectively as UN ambassador  senator Lugar  as a Republican as ", "I two key senators the ranking Republican. -- Senate Foreign Relations Committee senator Richard Lugar also Democrat on the armed services committee Jack Reed of Rhode Island gentlemen welcome -- -- and senator Lugar let me Begin. We review we've heard about this pressure that the Indian government is gonna face now to respond militarily. At "]