['Sundance Channel; Alfre Woodard, "Steel Magnolias," Lifetime. Reality Program: "Antiques Roadshow," PBS; " Deadliest Catch ," Discovery Channel; "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives," Food Network; "MythBusters," Discovery Channel ', 'family into believing a check for $250,000 was on the way. Family friend Jonathan Hillstrand, star of the show " Deadliest Catch ," made a video asking for support for Doty. A woman claiming to be a nurse in Indiana soon promised $250,000 ', 'affiliate KOMO-TV in Seattle. Earlier this year, family friend Johnathan Hillstrand, who is the star of the show " Deadliest Catch ," stepped in and made a video. Soon after, the Doty family heard from a generous benefactor who said she was a ', 'Show WINNER: "Dancing with the Stars" Other finalists: "American Idol" "Survivor" "The Amazing Race" "The  Deadliest Catch " Favorite TV Mom WINNER: Phylicia Rashad as "Clair Huxtable" Other finalists: Florence Henderson as "Carol Brady ', 'The reality show "  Deadliest Catch  " is back for a seventh season but with a decidedly more somber for us, the more the audience enjoys it," said Hansen. \' Deadliest Catch \' Crews Face Danger Aside from battling the tough conditions ', 'the cast of the reality show " Deadliest Catch ." Tennison\'s body was found make his first appearance on " Deadliest Catch " in April. The death comes sixth season, is cursed. " Deadliest Catch " chronicles the real-life ', 'Harris , captain of the Cornelia fishing boat on " Deadliest Catch ," died after suffering a stroke, the Discovery peacefully in his sleep the night of Feb. 21, 2011," " Deadliest Catch \'s" Capt. Andy Hillstrand posted on Facebook ', "Gosselin. This year he plowed more than $800 million, up 20% from 2006, into programming like Discovery Channel's  Deadliest Catch  and Animal Planet's River Monsters . There have been mishaps along the way. Despite a big push for Planet Green ", 'Captain Phil Harris, fisherman in charge of the Cornelia Marie on the popular Discovery Channel show " Deadliest Catch ," passed away late yesterday nearly two weeks after suffering a stroke on Jan. 29. Harris was 53. Sons Jake and Josh Harris ', "period last year with shows such as Discovery's  Deadliest Catch  and MythBusters, Animal Planet's Whale Wars and spent the whole weekend watching (old episodes of)  Deadliest Catch  to get ready for (this season's) premiere episode ", "Guests at The Edgewater Hotel in Seattle can board a fishing boat made famous by the Discovery Channel's  Deadliest Catch . The 104-foot Sea Star, which has survived perilous crabbing forays in the Bering Sea, is docked near the hotel ", "One of TVs that most dangerous shows  Deadliest Catch  is back for another season of deep watered Ron Mott season seven would spend seven seasons already of  Deadliest Catch . I can't believe it but obviously the fans must ", "One of TVs that most dangerous shows Deadliest Catch is back for another season of deep watered Ron Mott and danger. Are down -- -- topped with one of the stars of the show. Get -- -- -- -- thanks for talking with -- season seven -- would spend seven seasons already of Deadliest Catch . I can't believe it but obviously the fans must enjoy it because we're still -- -- Long as -- -- if you ", 'seconds after last minute and Gerri what it  Deadliest Catch  is one of the pieces were putting tonight what is what in our nation is  Deadliest Catch  all about  Deadliest Catch . Them as a show on discovered her popular ', "Some twelve seconds after -- last minute and Gerri what -- it Deadliest Catch is one of the pieces were putting tonight what is what in our nation is Deadliest Catch all about Deadliest Catch . Them as a show on discovered her popular show one's reach. And where. They document. Essentially. Great jobs out into the Barings ", "Still no word today on what caused the death of one of the members of the reality series  Deadliest Catch  just didn't Tennyson was found dead. Wednesday in Alaska motel room. Police found alcohol and marijuana inside the room and ", "caused the death of one of the members of the reality series Deadliest Catch just didn't Tennyson was found dead. Wednesday in Alaska motel room. Police found alcohol and marijuana inside the room and autopsy has ", "The Emmy winning reality show  Deadliest Catch  returned for its seventh season it's a harrowing look at the lives of CNN risking their lives to king crabs from the Bering Sea ", "The Emmy winning reality show Deadliest Catch -- returned for its seventh season it's a harrowing look at the lives of CNN risking their lives to -- king crabs ", "don't harvest profits. From greed and recklessness. And the burly icon of the gritty and popular reality show the  Deadliest Catch  has died. For five seasons people watch the adventures of fishing captain Phil Harris says He this crude navigated ", 'And the burly icon of the gritty and popular reality show the Deadliest Catch has died. For five seasons people watch the adventures of fishing captain Phil Harris says He -- this crude navigated the dangerous ', "Some sad news for fans of that TV so one of the captains the captain. Of the Cornelia Marie has he's captain feel Phil Harris now few weeks goes hospitalized He had a stroke. While He was unloading crabs. And they thought they was getting better for awhile but inter it turns out He died just a few", 'or so because. Of celebrated productions like the perfect storm the guardian. Coast Guard in Alaska. Deepest and  Deadliest Catch . The American people. Have become aware of the incredible risk taking. Talent required courage. Courage. Display ', 'like the perfect storm the guardian. Coast Guard in Alaska. Deepest and Deadliest Catch . The American people. Have become aware of the incredible risk taking. Talent required -- courage. Courage. Display. -- search and rescue in ']