['off the bench in the eighth to hit a two-run homer into the swimming pool area behind the right-center fence off  David Hernandez  for his third career pinch-hit homer. That pulled Chicago to 7-3. Arizona put together its third straight three-run ', "Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and two student speakers from the university, student body president Emily Fritze and  David Hernandez , also made remarks. Napolitano, who formerly was Arizona's governor, and Attorney General Eric Holder both spoke ", 'Medical Center, helping them through scary parts of the process and many "bumps in the road." Among her patients is  David Hernandez , a 48-year-old father and former heavy-equipment operator, denied a lung transplant he\'s been told he needs ', 'magazine broke the story about Hennessy and another contestant\'s previous record deals, a mini-scandal followed.  David Hernandez  and Frenchie Davis Another controversy from season seven of " American Idol " involved some scantily clad photos that ', 'Idol" that go beyond classification as sour grapes. Season two runner-up Clay Aiken and season seven finalist  David Hernandez  both criticized "Idol\'s" structure and judging process long after they left its stage. Season five contestant ', 'what\'s happened to some past "Idol" contestants who found themselves in controversy because of their personal lives .  David Hernandez  was voted off "Idol" last year shortly after it was revealed that he worked as a male stripper for predominantly ', 'a dismally countrified "Eight Days a Week" by Kristy Lee Cook and a misguided "I Saw Her Standing There" by  David Hernandez . Surprisingly, front-runner David Archuleta stumbled (and forgot lyrics) on "We Can Work It Out," perhaps ', 'haven\'t broken through in a major way, I think the producers were right not to arbitrarily exclude those people."  David Hernandez : The other controversy that broke last season involved some scantily clad photos of Hernandez when he worked as a ', 'Loneliest Number." Unlike Bice, Carrico reportedly dated Britney Spears during his boy-band days. (Seriously.)  David Hernandez : The New Nondescript Guy He\'s sweet and soft-spoken, just like that guy from Season Three. And that other guy ']