["think winners just guys you know my. He is on a roll like you can't believe so Mathieu coming get.  Best actress  here comes  best actress  and this one I'm giving to map. Four I think one of those performances that I never expected she could ", "is on a roll like you can't believe so Mathieu coming get. Best actress here comes best actress and this one I'm giving to -- map. Four I think one of those performances that I never expected she could do ", 'Quvenzhane Wallis finds herself among big name actresses in running for an Academy Award', 'Best Actress  winner fell on her way to accept Oscar for "Silver Lining\'s Playbook."', 'George Stephanopoulos talks to the  Best Actress  and Supporting Actress winners.', "six teen Academy Award nominations. Two statues. Catered thickness general. Analysts here it is home. your name on the  best actress  Merrill Streep it's certainly intimidate anyone. Especially new like when he Growing Patricia Rooney Mara in Bedford New ", "thickness general. Analysts here it is home. -- your name on the best actress -- Merrill Streep it's certainly intimidate anyone. Especially new -- like when he -- Growing -- Patricia -- Rooney Mara in Bedford ", 'All right.  Best actress  what the nominees year blend called than Albert Viola Davis in the hill Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon. To Meryl Streep ', 'All right. Best actress what -- the nominees year blend called than Albert Viola Davis in the hill Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon. To ', 'the Academy Awards Oscars Sunday is February 26 right here a joining us this morning. wonderful Glenn Close nominated for  best actress  for her brilliant role. As the title character and Albert a story about a lonely woman living as a man in nineteenth century ', 'a -- joining us this morning. -- wonderful Glenn Close nominated for best actress for her brilliant role. As the title character and Albert -- a story about a lonely woman living as a man in ', "out. It's full contact in the interview. Another jennifer certainly been working a lot lately is jennifer lawrence,  best actress  winner spotted on the set of her new movie wearing a neck brace, simply part of her character's costume. We talked about ", "interview. Another jennifer certainly been working a lot lately is jennifer lawrence, best actress winner spotted on the set of her new movie wearing a neck brace, simply part of her character's costume. We talked about ", 'Now, we turn to jennifer lawrence, who went from blonde to brunette, one day after winning the oscar for  best actress . Why did she do it? And could the switch be the start of a hot, new trend in hair? Abbie boudreau has the story. Reporter ', 'went from blonde to brunette, one day after winning the oscar for best actress . Why did she do it? And could the switch be the start of a hot, new trend in hair? Abbie boudreau has ', "addressed. I don't with purple ruffles and turned purple ruffles yeah. It was yeah that was it for and then we also have the  best actress  Jennifer Lawrence. Me Jennifer. In new York and anything. A getting the kids is left yet they love it it's like him ", "yeah that was it for -- and then we also have the best actress Jennifer Lawrence. Me Jennifer. In new York and anything. A -- getting the kids is left yet they love it it's like ", 'I believe in the car and best director went to Ang Thank you will be god. Silver linings playbook Jennifer Lawrence won  best actress . Clearly embarrassing. And best actor went to Daniel Day-Lewis. Three years ago. Before we decided to do it straight ', '-- Thank you will be god. Silver linings playbook Jennifer Lawrence won best actress . Clearly embarrassing. -- And best actor went to Daniel Day-Lewis. Three years ago. Before we decided to do it straight -- I ', "Jennifer Lawrence she of the community the official if she wasn't before  best actress . The goings on backstage with Jack Nicholson and all the rest of she is yet but now she That could you know the this are. Supplements ", "she of the community the official -- -- if she wasn't before best actress . The goings on backstage with Jack Nicholson and all the rest of -- -- she is yet but now she -- -- ", "it belts and sympathy but it's also a great movie that really deserved a best picture And moving on to the winner of the  best actress  this is it Jennifer now I think everybody. Expected her window they didn't expect what happened on off. And interesting ", "best picture -- -- And moving on to the winner of the best actress this is it Jennifer -- now I think everybody. Expected her window they didn't expect what happened on -- -- off. And ", 'night, jennifer lawrence and hollywood\'s current it girl took home the oscar for  best actress . Contin tonight, you can take home some of the outfits she wore in "silver linings playbook." Including the white pants she ', 'jennifer lawrence and hollywood\'s current it girl took home the oscar for best actress . Contin tonight, you can take home some of the outfits she wore in "silver linings playbook." Including the white pants she wore ', "friends with sally field. Pretty great life. Reporter: Having fun with her fellow nominees, jennifer lawrence remains the  best actress  favorite, yet some imagine the hard to wrapped gift for amour's emmanuelle riva? Now, what about naomi? A two-time ", "life. Reporter: Having fun with her fellow nominees, jennifer lawrence remains the best actress favorite, yet some imagine the hard to wrapped gift for amour's emmanuelle riva? Now, what about naomi? A two-time nominee. It feels ", "I'm freezing. Reporter: But she soon filled the warmth of her colleagues. Jennifer lawrence. Reporter: Winning for  best actress . A belief and a story that you love enough to do almost anything for. Reporter: Silver linings playbook was the big winner ", 'soon filled the warmth of her colleagues. Jennifer lawrence. Reporter: Winning for best actress . A belief and a story that you love enough to do almost anything for. Reporter: Silver linings playbook was the big winner. ', 'Reporter: And what about that mov movie\'s star, jennifer lawrence. Odds have her even now with jessica chastain for  best actress . But throw out the playbook. There is emmanuelle riva who had a stunning portrayal in "amour." Reporter: Quvenzhane ', 'star, jennifer lawrence. Odds have her even now with jessica chastain for best actress . But throw out the playbook. There is emmanuelle riva who had a stunning portrayal in "amour." Reporter: Quvenzhane wallis would provide an ', "long. Could see the shortest best picture winner Marty almost five times that same stretch. Speaking of short Sunday's  best actress  nominee who and Wallace stood around three feet tall when she shot her film beasts of the southern wild. That's less than ", "almost five times that same stretch. Speaking of short Sunday's -- -- best actress nominee who -- and -- Wallace stood around three feet tall when she shot her film beasts of the southern wild. That's ", "to Spielberg for Lincoln. Tommy Lee Jones we'll get best supporting actor and Jennifer Lawrence still predicted to win  best actress  but very very close. Leaving now which she was it's it's exciting it isn't this a wide open this year in that you ", "we'll get best supporting actor and Jennifer Lawrence still predicted to win best actress but very very close. Leaving now which she was it's it's exciting it isn't this a wide open this year in that "]