['keeping her secret. In hindsight, she may have dropped a hint about her new bundle of joy during her acceptance speech for  best actress  for her role in "The Blind Side" that year. "I would like to thank what this movie was about for me, which are the moms ', 'drama "House of Cards." That series earned nine Emmy Award nominations, including for outstanding drama, best actor and  best actress . No Internet-only series had previously been nominated in those marquee categories. "Arrested Development" also garnered ', 'basic running." She said she runs "weird" and added that she had a running coach for the film. Lawrence, who won the  best actress  Oscar earlier this year for her role in "Silver Linings Playbook" and was previously nominated for "Winter\'s Bone ', 'During the 2012-13 season, that number shrank to these two major nominations for a pair of new series: Connie Britton as  best actress  on ABC\'s "Nashville," and Anthony Bourdain on ABC\'s "The Taste" as outstanding host of a reality-competition show ', 'The Primetime Emmy nominations for  best actress  in a television drama series have been announced in Los Angeles by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. The nominees announced ', 'green light. But Mulligan, 28, who was nominated for a  best actress  Oscar for her breakout role in "An Education," isn\'t stranger to political dramas, Jessica Chastain, who received a  best actress  Oscar nod for her role as a CIA analyst who helps capture ', 'her at the Oscars, plan on her pulling a Jennifer Lawrence in front of her Hollywood crush when she goes up to accept her  Best Actress  statue. "When I\'m at the Oscars I will be definitely be throwing myself on the stairs in front of Hugh Jackman," she ', 'she said. Paltrow has starred in several movies, including "The Talented Mr. Ripley," "Contagion" and the "Iron Man" film franchise. She won the Academy Award in 1998 for  best actress  for her role in "Shakespeare in Love."', 'when the musical debuted on Broadway in 2003. The original production won three Tony Awards, including one for Menzel for  Best Actress , and the cast\'s album won a Grammy award. "Wicked works because it has something Broadway musicals, so addicted to ', 'Talk about a high and low in a matter of moments. Right after she won the Oscar for  Best Actress , Jennifer Lawrence took a tumble on her way up to the stage to claim the coveted statuette. "The Silver Linings Playbook" star ', 'at Oscars Ben Affleck and his film "Argo" took home the top prize at the Oscars on Sunday night. Jennifer Lawrence won  best actress  for her role in "Silver Linings Playbook" while Daniel Day Lewis won best actor for his portrayal of Abraham Lincoln in ', 'Oscar After-Parties: Stars Mingle for Vanity Fair, Elton John and Governors Ball', 'exception. From Jennifer Aniston to  Best Actress  nominee Naomi Watts, the stars packed her win at Carter\'s soiree. Fellow  Best Actress -winner Reese Witherspoon, who took I got some booze. I\'m good!" as  Best Actress  winner Jennifer Lawrence and the legendary ', 'Winning an Oscar wasn\'t the only surprise for Jennifer Lawrence at the Academy Awards Sunday night. As the  Best Actress  winner began her interview with "Good Morning America" co-host George Stephanopoulos, actor Jack Nicholson popped into ', "happy for Kerry Washington and I know is Chris studded it really is week she's newly married on the cover fair. And now  best actress  in and Josh you don't have that scandal yes I'm a little disappointed that it did not get a nod. Four. Vast drama ", "-- week she's newly married on the cover -- fair. And now best actress in and Josh you don't have -- -- that -- scandal yes I'm a little disappointed that it did not get a ", "think winners just guys you know my. He is on a roll like you can't believe so Mathieu coming get.  Best actress  here comes  best actress  and this one I'm giving to map. Four I think one of those performances that I never expected she could ", "is on a roll like you can't believe so Mathieu coming get. Best actress here comes best actress and this one I'm giving to -- map. Four I think one of those performances that I never expected she could do ", 'Quvenzhane Wallis finds herself among big name actresses in running for an Academy Award', 'Best Actress  winner fell on her way to accept Oscar for "Silver Lining\'s Playbook."', 'George Stephanopoulos talks to the  Best Actress  and Supporting Actress winners.', "six teen Academy Award nominations. Two statues. Catered thickness general. Analysts here it is home. your name on the  best actress  Merrill Streep it's certainly intimidate anyone. Especially new like when he Growing Patricia Rooney Mara in Bedford New ", "thickness general. Analysts here it is home. -- your name on the best actress -- Merrill Streep it's certainly intimidate anyone. Especially new -- like when he -- Growing -- Patricia -- Rooney Mara in Bedford ", 'All right.  Best actress  what the nominees year blend called than Albert Viola Davis in the hill Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon. To Meryl Streep ', 'All right. Best actress what -- the nominees year blend called than Albert Viola Davis in the hill Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon. To ']