[' STAN HONDA / AFP - Getty Images The front entrance to Federal Court as seen on June 3, 2013 in New York as the ebook price-fixing trial against Apple began.  In a decision that could reshape how books are sold on the Internet, a federal  judge ruled that Apple Inc conspired to raise the retail prices of  e-books in violation of antitrust law, and called for a trial on damages.  The decision by U.S. District Judge Denise Cote in Manhattan is a  victory for the U.S. government and various states, which the judge said are  entitled to injunctive relief. Apple had been accused of colluding with  five publishers to boost e-book prices beginning in late 2009, as the Silicon  Valley giant was preparing to launch its popular iPad tablet. The U.S.  Department of Justice said this conspiracy was designed to undercut online  retailer Amazon.com Inc\'s dominance of the fast-growing e-books market.  Only Apple went to trial, while the publishers - Lagardere SCA\'s  Hachette Book Group Inc and Macmillan, News Corp\'s  HarperCollins Publishers LLC, Pearson Plc\'s Penguin Group (USA)  Inc and CBS Corp\'s Simon & Schuster Inc - settled with the U.S.  government and the states. Cote said the conspiracy resulted in prices  for some e-books rising to $12.99 or $14.99, when Amazon had sold for $9.99.  "The plaintiffs have shown that the publisher defendants conspired with  each other to eliminate retail price competition in order to raise e-book  prices, and that Apple played a central role in facilitating and executing that  conspiracy," Cote said. "Without Apple\'s orchestration of this  conspiracy, it would not have succeeded as it did in the spring of 2010," she  added. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Cote issued her 159-page decision after a non-jury trial that ended on  June 20. The case is U.S. v. Apple Inc et al, U.S. District Court,  Southern District of New York, No. 12-02826.More business news:Dreams delayed: Young  adults put off parenthoodParlez-vous meow? Cat cafe to open in Paris Panera shelves  what-you-can-pay ideaHave you worked for a mortgage servicer?  Tell us your storyFollow NBCNews.com business onTwitter and Facebook']