['17-year-old Trayvon Martin last year. 5. \'Kinky Boots\' Wins 6 Tony Awards The Broadway hit "Kinky Boots" was the 2013 Tony Awards\' biggest winner, taking home six awards including best musical,  best original score  and best leading man.', 'find much imagination in the poorly developed enemies and small, boxed-off arenas of "Remember Me." The game\'s  original score  by Olivier Deriviere is one thing worth remembering, the original soundtrack serves as a living, breathing, digital ', 'meet the wizard who can send Dorothy home to Kansas. The film was nominated for six  Oscars , including Best Picture, and took home the statue for  Best Original Score  and Best Original Song for the wildly popular "Somewhere Over the Rainbow." In ', 'Man" 3. Animated Feature Film: "Brave" Related:  Oscars  2013 Live Blog 4. Cinematography: 5. Visual Effects 16. Film Editing: 17. Production Design: 18.  Original Score : 19. Original Song: 20. Adapted Screenplay: 21 ', 'the way to the 2013  Oscars  . This morning, the Facebook friends when the  Academy Awards  air on Feb. 24. FULL COVERAGE: The 85th Annual  Academy Awards  Best Picture: "Beasts Miserables" Best Music ( Original Score ): "Anna Karenina ', 'Douglas Carter Beane "Newsies," Harvey Fierstein "Nice Work If You Can Get It," Joe DiPietro "Once," Enda Walsh  Original score  (music and/or lyrics) written for the theater "Bonnie & Clyde," music: Frank Wildhorn; lyrics: Don Black ', 'Film: "Rango." 12. Visual Effects: "Hugo." 13. Supporting Actor: Christopher Plummer, "Beginners." 14.  Original Score : "The Artist." 15. Original Song: "Man or Muppet" from "The Muppets." 16. Adapted Screenplay: Alexander ', 'last name? FOR MORE ON THE 2012  OSCARS , CLICK HERE The day McCarthy received winner has only shown up at the  Oscars  once, after 9/11, when he made most-nominated living person. His two  original score  nods for "The Adventures of Tintin ', 'Edouard F. Henriques, Gregory Funk and Yolanda Toussieng "The Iron Lady" Mark Coulier and J. Roy Helland Music ( Original Score ) "The Adventures of Tintin" John Williams "The Artist" Ludovic Bource "Hugo" Howard Shore "Tinker Tailor Soldier ', "The Globes are just like the  Oscars , except without all that 'esteem added that the Globes were to the  Oscars  what Kim Kardashian is to Kate Musical. It also won the award for  Best Original Score , despite the fact that parts of ", 'Network " win more  Oscars  ? Nominated for eight  Academy Awards , "The Social Network adapted screenplay,  best original score  and best editing leading up to the  Oscars , David Fincher the lead up to the  Oscars . Then there\'s ', 'Eighties pop music icon Cyndi Lauper may be the first woman to win a Tony for  best original score .', "really That was in the rotation we have than this I would expect that that's the beauty and now they've been  best original score  and human dignity and. And yeah.", "this I would expect that that's the beauty and now they've been best original score and human dignity and. And yeah. ", 'on twitter is bad luck. Happy birthday. Also in "pop news." The sky\'s the limit for adele. She scored the  best original score  in bond history. Word is, now, that her bond bosses were so thrilled with the song\'s success, I can\'t imagine ', 'in "pop news." The sky\'s the limit for adele. She scored the best original score in bond history. Word is, now, that her bond bosses were so thrilled with the song\'s success, I can\'t imagine why, that ', 'composed music for more than a hundred Hollywood movies. Including the Lion King. Which won an Academy Award for  best original score . wrote the music for Rain Man. Also nominated for an Oscar. And one of the very few Hollywood composers. Who ', 'Hollywood movies. Including the Lion King. Which won an Academy Award for best original score . -- wrote the music for Rain Man. Also nominated for an Oscar. -- -- -- -- -- And one of the very ', 'of in the same spot of McDonald of lyrics and music. The period in which Bob and I. Chose to write the score the  original score . Was the turn of the century of the last century had 1910 or era. And had a wonderful musical quality to it bought ', 'period in which Bob and I. Chose to write the score the original score . Was the turn of the century of the last century had 1910 or era. And -- had a wonderful musical quality to ', "as best foreign film. It's also up for best original screenplay. Plus cinematographer. Art direction makeup and  original score . The movie's writer director Guillermo del Toro is helping to lead a new generation of filmmakers into the Hollywood ", "also up for best original screenplay. Plus cinematographer. Art direction makeup and original score . The movie's writer director Guillermo del Toro is helping to lead a new generation of filmmakers into the Hollywood mainstream. He and "]