['they won\'t in the future. Accordingly, we have reached this difficult decision." Executive producers Michael Mann and  David Milch  joined in: "The two of us loved this series, loved the cast, crew and writers. This has been a tremendous collaboration ', 'week\'s rest between races to recover. These horses were sometimes asked to race twice in a day." "Luck ," created by  David Milch  ("Deadwood," "NYPD Blue"), centers around horse racing and Dustin Hoffman\'s character, a crime kingpin trying to ', 'horse-racing drama starring Oscar winner Dustin Hoffman in his first TV series role. This series by "Deadwood" creator  David Milch  and famed director Michael Mann follows the owners, gamblers, jockeys and industry players in the world of horse racing ', 'The network has a bevy of new series coming up in 2012, including the "Luck," a drama created by "Deadwood" creator  David Milch  centering on horse racing, starring Dustin Hoffman, and "Veep," a political comedy with Julia Louis-Dreyfus, from ', 'husband, historian Alan Brinkley, as well as "guest" eGuiders such as Cassar and Lindelof. Also enlisted as an adviser:  David Milch  (Deadwood and NYPD Blue), whom Ostrick worked with on HBO\'s John From Cincinnati. "If sharing stories makes us unique ', 'work in cable television. His new drama about the Iraq war, "Over There," premieres this summer on FX cable channel.  David Milch , the co-creator of "NYPD Blue," produces his Western drama "Deadwood" for HBO. The debate over decency is even more ', "1.24 million viewers, 1 percent of the U.S. total.) The series, which focused on the symbiotic relationship between feds and New York City cops, was developed by NYPD Blue creator  David Milch  and Miami Vice's Anthony Yerkovich.", "1.24 million viewers, 1 percent of the U.S. total.) The series, which focused on the symbiotic relationship between feds and New York City cops, was developed by NYPD Blue creator  David Milch  and Miami Vice's Anthony Yerkovich.", "1.24 million viewers, 1 percent of the U.S. total.) The series, which focused on the symbiotic relationship between feds and New York City cops, was developed by NYPD Blue creator  David Milch  and Miami Vice's Anthony Yerkovich.", "No. 1-rated drama ER, Variety reports. On March 1, CBS will launch the cop drama Big Apple, from NYPD Blue creator  David Milch  and Miami Vice's Anthony Yerkovich. The new drama will air opposite ER in the 10 p.m. slot, cementing CBS's now-solid ", "No. 1-rated drama ER, Variety reports. On March 1, CBS will launch the cop drama Big Apple, from NYPD Blue creator  David Milch  and Miami Vice's Anthony Yerkovich. The new drama will air opposite ER in the 10 p.m. slot, cementing CBS's now-solid ", "No. 1-rated drama ER, Variety reports. On March 1, CBS will launch the cop drama Big Apple, from NYPD Blue creator  David Milch  and Miami Vice's Anthony Yerkovich. The new drama will air opposite ER in the 10 p.m. slot, cementing CBS's now-solid ", "No. 1-rated drama ER, Variety reports. On March 1, CBS will launch the cop drama Big Apple, from NYPD Blue creator  David Milch  and Miami Vice's Anthony Yerkovich. The new drama will air opposite ER in the 10 p.m. slot, cementing CBS's now-solid ", "out and actually cancer to asthma attack that happened. Is that Dustin Hoffman in Nick Nolte Joan Allen and John Ortiz and  David Milch  is writing producing as well and it's it's just a beautiful beautiful project about horse racing and every facet around ", "that Dustin Hoffman in Nick Nolte Joan Allen and John Ortiz and David Milch is writing -- -- producing as well and it's it's just a beautiful beautiful project about horse racing and every facet around "]