['the staying and the way we were just to name a few has died.  Marvin Hamlisch  passed away in Los Angeles Monday after a brief illness. He award including three Oscars Emmys a Tony and Golden Globes.  Marvin Hamlisch  68 years old.', "and the way we were just to name a few has died. Marvin Hamlisch passed away in Los Angeles Monday after a brief illness. He leaves behind a musical legacy that includes more than forty film scores and a Pulitzer Prize for the 1975 Broadway -- a chorus line. That's on top of every other major award including three Oscars Emmys a Tony and Golden Globes. Marvin Hamlisch -- 68 years old. ", 'To the pop classic from james bond "the spy who loved me," marvin hamlisch created the scores of our lives. He was a man of superlatives. Just 7 years old to go too juilliard. One of ', "like yeah. Everybody You see why don't Lara so glad you're with us today. And I don't know just heard of them  Marvin Hamlisch  has passed away in Los Angeles age. 68. So much joy he brought so many songs he I am so upset I mean can we just ", "with us today. And -- I don't know just heard of them Marvin Hamlisch has passed away in Los Angeles age. 68. So much joy he brought so many songs he -- I am so upset ", "anybody talk faster. I talked But it's written so outlet for an avenue and you know the by John campaign donations  Marvin Hamlisch  it was still some wonderful show that the I have asthma I didn't want to celebrate his shot I recently awarded a ", "an avenue and you know the -- by John campaign donations -- Marvin Hamlisch it was still some wonderful show that the I have asthma I didn't want to celebrate his -- -- shot I recently ", "something that I ordinarily come up and and I have Christmas of the few times to that I think who's a living legend  Marvin Hamlisch  who wrote every hit song we've ever heard runners finest people on planet. Very sexy got to Alan Cumming who that ", "few times to -- -- that I think who's a living legend Marvin Hamlisch who wrote every hit song we've ever heard -- runners -- finest people on planet. Very sexy -- got to Alan Cumming ", "little suit pumpkin pie. The entertainment included singer Jennifer Hudson and the National Symphony Orchestra with  Marvin Hamlisch  as the conductor. And by midnight the president's first state dinner came to a close under the stars.", "The entertainment included singer Jennifer Hudson and the National Symphony Orchestra with Marvin Hamlisch as the conductor. And by midnight the president's first state dinner came to a close under the stars. ", 'things came out these monuments and our child but. And we developed it with his guidance. Into. A show with music  Marvin Hamlisch  and and came in in the second So this is an ongoing. Very artful you know progression. months and let me. Talk ', 'And we developed it with his guidance. Into. A show with music Marvin Hamlisch and -- and came in in the second -- So this is an ongoing. Very artful you know progression. -- months and ', "times. But now we show for Broadway the end of Broadway is On Broadway and and. Bad. Chorus line still relevant.  Marvin Hamlisch  stinks so it's almost as if the time has changed in the show. Has done one of these in you unit from this side ", "Broadway is -- On Broadway and and. Bad. Chorus line still relevant. Marvin Hamlisch stinks so it's almost as if the time has changed in the show. Has done one of these in you -- unit "]