["and art take on the big  musical  adaptation  rock of ages  which features a star studded  cast . Its opening weekend came do you expect that the  musical  yes it's going to be good guess what it was a  musical  it's ancient to the script ", "the time -- for insomniac theatre and art take on the big musical adaptation rock of ages which features a star studded cast . Its opening weekend -- came in third though with some. It's underwhelming number. Burns and do quite as well they thought here ", "scripts and you know it will what do you expect that the musical yes it's going to be a little corny yes all of Smith strings are gonna tie up with a little -- at ", "just four out of five certainly good guess what it was a musical it's ancient to the script and it was corny perfect its some of the Nazi gas but did not plan all means ", "pressure was on beyond our lead vocalist. Broadway  musical rock of ages  had invited us to use their stage. And we chose waiting to go on. We watched the real performers from  rock of ages  bring down. We'd have to follow and a crowd of ", "-- but the real pressure was on beyond our lead vocalist. Broadway musical rock of ages had invited us to use their stage. And we chose one of their songs don't stop believing by journey turns out it ", 'for keeps." Including an all-star  cast , with jessica biel, uma thurman, dennis Yes. It\'s fun. A great ensemble  cast . Fantastic. What I loved about when in the next few months. You just had " rock of ages " a few months ago. You\'ve been really ', 'us about her new romantic comedy, "playing for keeps." Including an all-star cast , with jessica biel, uma thurman, dennis quaid, and gerard butler. We had your castmates on. It\'s great to see you. You play ', "for the great, cute, soccer coach. Yes. It's fun. A great ensemble cast . Fantastic. What I loved about when I read the script and gabriele muccino, the director, who I love, is italian. He said, ", "half right there also songs and  rock of ages  currently playing on Broadway in for me and I love being a part of  rock of ages  and the people get to really see they'll probably win these two lines  rock of ages  man rob Roddy isn't Broadway ", "songs from the. 1980s -- you're half right there also songs and rock of ages currently playing on Broadway in my next guest definitely knows. How to -- take a listen. -- -- -- -- Rates joining ", 'the perfect fit for me and I love being a part of rock of ages and the people get to really see. See my chops in the show and that -- -- sort of vulnerable shy character ', "probably be that -- -- and they'll probably win these two lines rock of ages man rob Roddy isn't -- Broadway very good stuff right. Constantin -- thanks so much that you analysts are now star rock of ages on -- through the end of this summer or in the city on the tour starting next -- I that's all the ", "incidents yes. Also of course we all remember the hit  musical .  Rock of ages  The what I did an interview but there. Sorry for what routes that were either apparently hit  musical rock of ages  what we're making a movie out of it and Tom Cruise ", "-- incidents -- yes. Also of course we all remember the hit musical . Rock of ages -- The -- what I did an interview but there. Sorry for what routes that were either apparently hit musical rock of ages what we're making a movie out of it and Tom Cruise on the big stars. Three get a -- give him playing this -- sleazy rock star named Stacey Jackson with the Clinton. -- Tom Cruise that -- 49 years old 26 years to make the top that we see in back -- his musical thing yet again. Rock of ages seem to be in a theater near you remind me -- when you've gone public and your fancy you. -- yeah you ", "couple of. know he's excited to challenger sounds we take this rag group of  musical  in this case. Form abandoned on the they found more the folks from  rock of ages  were gracious enough or foolish enough to let us do it on this. Why on Broadway ", 'excited to challenger sounds -- we take this rag -- group of musical in this case. Form abandoned -- on the they found more -- the folks from rock of ages were gracious enough or foolish enough to let us do it on this. Why on Broadway and we bands are good practice ']