["and Nicki James  broadway 's latest hit Tony nominations  the book of Mormon . Welcome Nikki chance to see after  the book of Mormon . The comedy following better up. Well.  Trey Parker  and Matt aren't compared. Other  Broadway  musicals. Lincoln ", "happy to have one of the nominated actresses and Nicki James -- broadway's latest hit that's leading the pack with fourteen Tony nominations the book of Mormon . Welcome Nikki thanks for being here I so congratulations. On your nomination very exciting -- -- I had not Napster but it ", "-- just talking out of haven't had a chance to see after the book of Mormon . The comedy following two missionaries were sent to you gone to -- to try to convert the locals. Tell us where your ", "their musical  the book of Mormon . To  Broadway  so what audiences so on old  Broadway . For fifteen years  Trey Parker Matt Stone  and the kids Next week of  the book of Mormon  opens poking Mean. But  the book of Mormon  brings a let's do a  Broadway  Show. That ", "your hands right now the creators of South Park brought their musical the book of Mormon To Broadway so what audiences expect with Jake Tapper is back -- big South Park and -- behind the scenes what you think. Well the creators of South Park have gone from skewering religion politics and culture on Comedy Central. To now doing so on old Broadway For fifteen years Trey Parker Matt Stone and the -- kids from South Park Colorado have been amusing and defending America. -- people are evil. Evil right down to their coal black car for seven of those years the two have been working on a show that will take their skewed views to a different audience fans of musical theater. Next week of the book of Mormon opens poking fun at the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints. -- should -- South Park has. Made fun of every religion wind -- go after mormons we grew up in Colorado so mormonism and mormons -- that you -- right next door so there's just a lot of cross over there and and we both knew a lot of mormons growing up. And it just it's always fascinated us but you know we -- Mormon -- them in the book of Mormon to just talk about religion in general because of course -- any. Anybody's religion to an outsider it's justice who we don't ", "of pending  Broadway  production Park guys  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker . I'm Robert premier.  The book of Mormon  people I them. In  the book of Mormon  to just talk try to do a  Broadway  Show right quiet and  the book of Mormon  is very much ", "seriously funny. But there they were last -- this South Park guys Matt Stone and Trey Parker . I'm Robert -- a lot more on the movie permanent. With the premier. The book of Mormon people I think at the -- president -- -- stuck to his people off or do we actually just wanna make people ", "it's just goofy. But you know we -- Mormon -- them. In the book of Mormon to just talk about religion in general because of course -- any. Anybody's religion to an outsider it's justice who we don't ", 'Deprecating and George Bush yes orderly and toy that -- quiet and the book of Mormon is very much in that vein. Getting away with what they can get away with without having to worry about getting blown ', 'be. Now  Trey Parker  and  Matt bloom on  Broadway . In the Park guys  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  Robert commands premiere of  the book of Mormon  people I Mormon them in  the book of Mormon  to just talk certified  Broadway  their hits ', "-- duo behind south park at least they used to be. Now Trey Parker and Matt Stone somehow managed to turn a musical send up of Mormon is a mobile things into one of the biggest hits the bloom on Broadway In the last decade here's ABC's Jake Tapper for our series it was a good year old. Didn't they were the South Park guys Matt Stone and Trey Parker Robert commands a lot more fun movie from. At the march premiere of the book of Mormon people I think at the -- president. That the best people or to -- that we actually does one make people laugh it's safe to say they succeeded. The book of Mormon is a bona fide hit with rave reviews a Grammy nomination. And a whopping nine Tony -- -- show his signature stone ", "quote directly with  Trey Parker  and choreographed show a very traditional  Broadway  musical so we're Who've how they show on  Broadway  and well it's it's elected. Thanks And  the book of Mormon  is on  Broadway  right now at the Eugene ", "The cream of the South Park have brought their whole ready to Broadway in their new hit the book of Mormon it is -- musical comedy that centers around two. Quite opposite men of Mormon faith you are paired up at her missionary work. And we're so happy to have these two lead actors from the play with us today Josh -- and Andrew Reynolds -- so much you got me here today answer. And congratulations on being the biggest hit on Broadway and you can't get this thing has -- it. Now it's sing prison on senior we we get like any blisters colonists ", "reading the script and being like. Who've how -- they show on Broadway and -- -- well it's it's brought it has been amazing to see so many people. So many varieties and -- kids when -- 95 year old you don't come to show -- -- -- embrace its. Anthony -- elected. Thanks -- And the book of Mormon is on Broadway right now at the Eugene O'Neill theater out all the buzz happy today I'm -- right now in New York bank. ", "Here on  Broadway  in the Big right now  the book of Mormon  it's let's stone and  Trey Parker  the creators musical on  Broadway . Right it coming up right  Broadway  loves musicals aside from  the book of Mormon  we've got ", "Here on Broadway in the Big Apple but does is on the great white way Entertainment Weekly has the early look at the new shows worth checking out. Tom Dyer is here to steer us in the right direction Tom thank you so much for being here today a -- so. The show everyone is talking about right now the book of Mormon it's let's be outrageous original funny you've seen gaps and expand as it that's fantastic -- everyone that. It is a fantastic show is an original musical it's not based on and movie or anything else -- -- -- -- heard. And yet it is as people rolling in the aisles so it's funny. It is funny it is not a show for little kids because it comes from -- stone and Trey Parker the creators of South Park. And so imagine. The South Park musical on Broadway . Right it is outrageously funny and you're smart I would imagine that that that's very smart it's. You know it is about ", "now it's in the parent. The musical coming up right -- -- Broadway loves musicals. But give us some of the -- It's an interesting season aside from the book of Mormon we've got a lot of familiar names you've got to Spider-Man musical if it ever actually I know cities officially. I'm in ", "sense and he A billion dollar blockbuster to a  Broadway  musical and one of the nicest guys with one of It's out this Friday Sandra Bullock also did  the book of Mormon  guys  Trey Parker  Matt really what a year in entertainment thank ", "the issue is out. It's out this Friday Sandra Bullock also did the book of Mormon guys Trey Parker Matt -- really -- what a year in entertainment thank you for bringing it to us. ", "actresses Nikki James  broadway 's latest hit that's fourteen Tony nominations  the book of Mormon . Welcome Nikki thanks chance to see after  the book of Mormon . The comedy following show compared to other  Broadway  musicals. You know ", "so happy to have one of the nominated actresses Nikki James -- broadway's latest hit that's leading the pack with fourteen Tony nominations the book of Mormon . Welcome Nikki thanks for being here I so congratulations. On your nominations very exciting -- BL. I. I had not -- but ", 'just talking out of to have had a chance to see after the book of Mormon . The comedy following two missionaries were sent to you gone to try to convert the locals. Tell us where your character fits ', 'display in other museums before. But never here in the u.S. And finally in "the index" tonight.Big on  broadway . " The book of mormon " setting a record overseas. The highest one-day box office earnings in london theater history. And selling ', 'never here in the u.S. And finally in "the index" tonight.Big on broadway . " The book of mormon " setting a record overseas. The highest one-day box office earnings in london theater history. And selling more than $3 million in tickets. ', "work with and it happens this is  Broadway  sensation he's got so much causing quite a bit of buzz on  Broadway  is  the book of Mormon  have you seen I have yet I'm playing at the palace theater on  Broadway  check it out.", "big musical besides Purcell that's causing quite a bit of buzz on Broadway is the book of Mormon have you seen I have yet I'm dying to. Retirement Peters is because you can't -- shows oh is scheduled -- -- ", 'Now, she\'s 17 years old. That\'s great. I picked  broadway  musicals. That\'s near and dear to my heart. This the goodies. "Evita." And the new ones, like " the book of mormon ." Another thing I chose, was the world\'s best travel ', 'from the goldies and the goodies. "Evita." And the new ones, like " the book of mormon ." Another thing I chose, was the world\'s best travel experiences. 400 extraordinary places by national geographic because i made it a point ', "decided to fight back here's David The hottest ticket on  Broadway  right now is Tony award winning. Musical  the book of Mormon . On TV there have been several hit series from HBO's ", "has decided to fight back here's David -- The hottest ticket on Broadway right now is -- Tony award winning. Musical the book of Mormon . On TV there have been several hit series from HBO's big love. To TLC's sister wives. Out on the campaign trail thanks ", "absolutely no desire to make his organism an issue. So tell someone that things are a lot of you know there's  the book of Mormon  a play on  Broadway  out there reality TV shows there are a lot there's a lot of misconception I think. In the general population ", "tell -- someone that things are a lot of you know there's the book of Mormon a play on Broadway out there -- reality TV shows there are a lot there's a lot of misconception I think. In the general population about ", 'on television and thanks for blessings bestowed. To Mitt Romney on the campaign trail. To their smash hits  the book of Mormon  on  Broadway . America is having a Mormon moment. From the founding of their faith in the 1820. Mormons have been a focus ', 'bestowed. To Mitt Romney on the campaign trail. To their smash hits the book of Mormon on Broadway . America is having a Mormon moment. From the founding of their faith in the 1820. Mormons have been a focus of controversy ', "confident yet okay. Let's move onto the ticket prices on  Broadway  as is definitely not that's that cheap anymore especially when it's a bit. We're talking about  the book of Mormon  this is a very funny but maybe slightly controversial ", "still not confident yet okay. Let's move onto the ticket prices on Broadway as -- is definitely not that's that cheap anymore especially when it's a bit. We're talking about the book of Mormon this is a very funny but maybe slightly controversial I don't know under penalty many people are sending that offensive I was ", "and center on several of the country's biggest stage  Broadway . To the 2012 presidential campaign Jonathan Karl got stereotype. There's that Tony award winning musical  the book of Mormon . There's also the popular TLC reality show sister ", "is also bombarding voters. With stereotype. There's that Tony award winning musical the book of Mormon . There's also the popular TLC reality show sister wives I think there's credit. And it's HBO dramatic equivalent big love all the "]