["When Bobby Rahal was racing, he hung a picture of Michael Andretti in his workout room.That's who Rahal wanted to beat more than anyone else on the track. And rest a...", "Cool course, wet fans, chasing the leader, a shot at Indy  500 history and Rahal's busy weekend", "Those IndyCar teams who don't do well at Mid-Ohio say the track is too narrow, the turns to severe and the cars are too powerful for such a tight track.But those who...", "Italian driver Luca Filippi will race for Bobby Rahal's team beginning with the Indianapolis 500.Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing will run a full season with Takuma Sa...", 'In the early going of the Indianapolis 500, Bobby Rahal advised his driver to show a little patience.If only Takuma Sato had been listening on the last lap Sunday.Th...', 'Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing will field a car for Michel Jourdain Jr. in the Indianapolis 500.Jourdain will drive the No. 30 Dallara for RLL in the May 27 race as ...', 'CONCORD, N.C. -- Danica Patrick said Monday she will not race in the 2012 Indianapolis 500 .Patrick, 29, will instead compete in the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor...', 'Michel Jourdain Jr. got a refresher course in IndyCar racing. Jean Alesi and Rubens Barrichello got a chance to feel young again.It was an unusual group at this year...', 'Marco Andretti fist-bumped Graham Rahal on his way out of an Indianapolis 500 promotional event, a much friendlier encounter than their bump on the track at Long Bea...', "To fans looking for somebody -- anybody -- to topple the titans of Team Penske and Target Chip Ganassi Racing in this Sunday's Indianapolis 500 , Alex Tagliani may b...", 'Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing will formally introduce Graham Rahal as its new 2013 driver Wednesday at Indianapolis Motor Speedway.The 23-year-old driver will be pa...', 'Back when A.J. Foyt was compiling a resume that included 67 IndyCar wins including four Indianapolis 500s, it seemed as if he could win anywhere he drove.But in the ...', 'Troubled IndyCar gets much-needed buzz as series prepares to toast champ Ryan Hunter-Reay', 'Nearly 12 weeks after winning his first IndyCar championship, Ryan Hunter-Reay will finally get to accept his trophy in a ceremony at Indianapolis Motor Speedway.At ...', 'Former Indy  500 winner Bobby Rahal  decides to use Honda engines on his 2012 team', 'Bobby Rahal will be back in the IndyCar Series next season with Honda engines and it could be with a full-time team.The 1986 Indianapolis 500 winner is trying to fin...', 'It was important for both father and son that Graham Rahal rise through the racing ranks on his own.It would have been easy enough for Graham to latch on to Bobby, t...', 'Michel Jourdain Jr. will return to the Indianapolis 500 with Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing.The team announced Tuesday that Jourdain will drive the No. 17 Honda with...', "IndyCar rescinds Rahal and Jakes $10,000 fines from Indy  500, saying they've been warned", 'IndyCar has rescinded the $10,000 in-race fines levied against Graham Rahal and James Jakes from the Indianapolis 500.IndyCar president of competition Derrick Walker...', "Column: IndyCar needs more feudin' and less of the niceties to draw fans back to the sport", "They have dinner together. They chat it up on Twitter. They offer congratulations on jobs well done, solace when things don't go so well.Clearly, there's a lot of re...", "Impressive start helps Sato cast aside memories of last year's near miss at Indianapolis 500", "When Takuma Sato strolls into his garage at Indianapolis, he gets a quick glimpse into the two distinct paths that have defined these past 12 months.There's the wall...", "Sunday is the biggest day of the year in auto racing, starting with the Monaco Grand Prix, followed by the Indianapolis 500 and culminating with NASCAR's 600-mile ra..."]