['Travis Barker  Skipping Blink -182  Australian Tour Due to Fear of Flying After Crash', 'WireImage/Getty Images)  Blink - 182  drummer  Travis Barker , who survived a plane crash nonetheless," said a post on the  Blink - 182  Facebook page. Last year traveled by ship to Europe for a  Blink - 182  reunion tour. Barker and the ', 'Grammy Performances: Ziggy Marley, Bruno Mars, Sting and Rihanna Pay Tribute to Bob Marley', 'rocking the microphone with Chuck D of Public Enemy, plus Rage Against the Machine\'s Tom Morello on guitar,  Travis Barker  of  Blink - 182  on drums and DJ Z-Trip on turntables. They performed a song called "Whaddup," from a project that LL ', 'Charles 1954 Condoleeza Rice 1954 Yanni 1961 D.B. Sweeney 1966 Curt Schilling 1969 Butch Walker 1972 Josh Duhamel 1975  Travis Barker  Jump back to Nov. 13: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: November .', 'Beach south of L.A., knew she had to come up with something special for the anniversary celebration of drummer  Travis Barker  and former Miss USA Shanna Moakler. She learned their wedding theme had been inspired by the movie Nightmare Before Christmas ', 'which he was badly injured and four people were killed. The plane was transporting Goldstein and  Travis Barker  , the drummer for punk band  Blink - 182 , after a performance. The pair had formed a duo, TRVSDJ-AM. Goldstein received skin grafts ', 'i sweat so much during rehearsal they call me - john stay-moist. my new porn name. yours???? Celebrity:  Travis Barker  . Act of Twitter stupidity: Dredging up drama better suited for divorce court. trvsbrkr: Your uncle is a convicted ', 'John Stamos, Katy Perry, Ashton Kutcher and More Commit Crimes of Twitter Stupidity', 'i sweat so much during rehearsal they call me - john stay-moist. my new porn name. yours???? Celebrity:  Travis Barker  . Act of Twitter stupidity: Dredging up drama better suited for divorce court. trvsbrkr: Your uncle is a convicted ', 'The Barkers Show: Meet the Barkers, MTV The clan: Dad  Travis Barker , 33, mom Shanna Moakler, 34, her daughter Atiana De La The short-lived series ran 2005-2006 and followed the  Blink - 182  drummer and his former Miss USA and Playboy Playmate wife ', 'put the past behind me and start my life over," she said. It seems to have worked for her; she has a new boyfriend. And despite that evil cake, Moakler and her husband, drummer  Travis Barker , reconciled shortly after her celebration.', 'teach them to continually look out the tower windows. "You always have to be scanning the horizon," said student  Travis Barker , "scanning to see where the planes are. You don\'t want to clear anybody without scanning first." There\'s also ', 'As doctors muse about the long recovery ahead for  Travis Barker  and DJ AM (real name: Adam Goldstein), their famous will be changed forever." Moakler is with the ex- Blink 182  drummer as he recovers from second- and third-degree ', 'Three days after a plane crash left former  Blink - 182  drummer  Travis Barker  and celebrity disc jockey DJ AM with severe burns on their bodies, doctors say the musicians are likely to survive. But burn ', 'Former  Blink - 182  drummer  Travis barker  and celebrity DJ gay passengers and assistant to  Travis barker  and musicians security The two survivors  Travis barker  and DJ AM. Whose selling punk band.  Blink - 182 . But the group disbanded ', 'Former Blink - 182 drummer Travis barker and celebrity DJ gay and are the only survivors of a fiery plane crash in Columbia, South Carolina late Friday night. Just ', 'into flames the pilot co pilot and two passengers and assistant to Travis barker and musicians security guard died in the wreckage. The two survivors Travis barker and DJ AM. Whose real name is Adam Goldstein are being treated for burn wounds at doctors hospital in Augusta Georgia. Airing critical condition and they are stable com indicating about a professional care that. Barker seen here on -- 2002 ABC 20/20 program showing off his home is one of the more colorful members of the platinum selling punk band. Blink - 182 . But the group disbanded in 2005. DJ am is a popular deejay for hire who at one time was engaged to Nicole ', "didn't mean it could get good at it and I don't think Some verdict in and him crying trust more performance dropped from  Blink - 182 . One of two men who and the easy ought to wait for crash. It when you tell me I try to get the point it was it was. Was ", 'Some verdict in -- and him crying trust more performance dropped from Blink - 182 . One of two men who and the easy ought to wait for crash. It when you tell me I try to get ', "taking pictures! Reporter: And most of these kids, really, really hate it. Like landon, the son of  blink - 182  drummer  travis barker . Stop taking pictures. I'm not kidding. When I walk up to school with my son and there are cameramen ", "of these kids, really, really hate it. Like landon, the son of blink - 182 drummer travis barker . Stop taking pictures. I'm not kidding. When I walk up to school with my son and there are cameramen following me, he ", 'in South Carolina where the former drummer of the rock band  Blink - 182 . Is in critical condition. After a plane He was in crashed four of its six occupants. According to a witness the rocker  Travis barker  managed to get out of the plane but was on fire and trying ', 'finish in South Carolina where the former drummer of the rock band Blink - 182 . Is in critical condition. After a plane He was in crashed killing four of its six occupants. According to a witness the rocker Travis barker managed to get out of the plane but was on fire and trying to extinguish the flames. The only other survivor was ', "Shanna Moakler is the soon to be ex wife of  Travis barker  who is the tax up  Blink - 182  drummer. And interestingly she mentioned before wife says. He did rock star earned runs in  Blink - 182 . He's a drummer and yet the drummer and ", "local -- Shanna Moakler is the soon to be ex wife of Travis barker who is the -- tax -- up Blink - 182 drummer. And interestingly she mentioned before the show that she was a professional roller skater. Which I don't that's gonna help -- out but she's giving it her best shot out there aren't. -- nothing that you said that they Shanna Moakler person would be understood by your grandparents that was just like. Her husband his wife her ex husband his wife says. He did rock star earned runs in Blink - 182 . He's a drummer and yet the drummer and Ed -- they had a reality show called meet the -- reflect reality on ", 'Last weekend  Travis Barker  celebrated his birthday, while DJ AM worked in Vegas.', "ludicrous we have. Taylor Swift we have variety no right here he's got canceled sorry. We can we may have been NN  Travis barker  his first interview since his tragic accident right about Britney. Brittany. I can't confirm or deny. May be a ", "he's got canceled -- sorry. We can we may have been NN Travis barker his first interview since his tragic accident right about Britney. Brittany. I can't confirm or deny. May be a little son and "]