['Dell Ultrabook 15.6" TouchScreen Laptop 8GB Memory 500GB Hard Drive I15Z-4801SLV - Best Buy', "We're sorry, it appears that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. To view the full content of BestBuy.com, please enable JavaScript.", 'Dell - Ultrabook 15.6" Touch-Screen Laptop - 8GB Memory - 500GB Hard Drive - Moon Silver', "Best Buy is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. We will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a Low Price Guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a Designated Major Online Retailer or at a local retail competitor's store.", 'If you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-888-BEST BUY and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price, or when visiting a Best Buy store, one of our employees will assist you.', 'On qualifying products, Best Buy will then verify the current price to complete the price match.', 'Some exclusions apply. See the list of Designated Major Online Retailers and full details.', 'Dell Inspiron Ultrabook 15.6" Touch-Screen Laptop - 8GB Memory - 500GB Hard Drive + 32GB Solid State Drive', 'Learn more about Windows 8This Dell Inspiron Ultrabook I15Z-4801SLV laptop features a 15.6" high-definition touch screen for easy navigation and brilliant visuals. The 500GB hard drive and 32GB solid state drive provide ample space for file storage.', 'With TrueLife technology and 1366 x 768 resolution offers easy navigation and delivers intense detail and clarity. Corning Gorilla glass ensures durability.', 'Along with a 32GB solid state drive offers spacious storage and fast read/write times.', 'For lush images and vivid detail. HDMI output for flexible connectivity options.', 'Along with a digital microphone makes it easy to video chat with family and friends.', 'For fast digital video, audio and data transfer; 1 USB 3.0 port with PowerShare.', 'Easily link with other Bluetooth-enabled devices, such as a mobile phone or MP3 player.', 'For easy portability. Backlit keyboard allows easy typing in low-light conditions.', 'Provides a stable platform for word processing, Web navigation, gaming, media storage and more.', 'Intel, Pentium, Celeron, Centrino, Core, Viiv, Intel Inside and the Intel Inside logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.', 'Dell - XPS Convertible Ultrabook 12.5" Touch-Screen Laptop - 4GB Memory - Carbon Fiber', 'Lenovo - IdeaPad P500 Touch 15.6" Touch-Screen Laptop - 6GB Memory - 1TB Hard Drive - Gray', 'Lenovo - IdeaPad 14" Touch-Screen Laptop - 8GB Memory - 1TB Hard Drive - Graphite Gray', 'Dell - XPS Convertible Ultrabook 12.5" Touch-Screen Laptop - 4GB Memory - Carbon Fiber', 'Sony - VAIO 14" Touch-Screen Laptop - 6GB Memory - 750GB Hard Drive - Black/Gold', 'Antivirus software helps keeps your computer safe from unwanted programs and attacks.', 'Posted by: snricketts from Erie, PA on 07/25/2013We chose this computer specifically for its touch screen capability. This system has the ease of navigating through applications similarly to a smart phone, with the familiarity of a windows-based program. It has been a great hybrid of both spectrums.', 'Posted by: mykeld74 from Denver, CO on 07/24/2013Overall I really like this machine. The SSD makes start up very quick and programs also launch quickly. I often have several programs open at a time and there is very little lag. My one complaint is the wifi adapter, the stock adapter only recognizes the 2.4Ghz band, not the 5Ghz. additionally it was dropping my wifi signal frequently. I upgrade the adapter and everything is working much better. My speeds are up and I am not dropping the signal any more. The replacement part was $25 and it took about half an hour. Despite the need for the upgraded adapter I am still very happy with this computer and would recommend it.', 'Posted by: dramagal from Orono, MN on 07/22/2013Love it!i Still getting used to using the keyboard -- it fulfills all of my needs (i.e. email, online banking)', 'Posted by: Miguel2014 from New Bedford, MA on 07/22/2013Going from a 2006 slow computer to this was a drastic change that I am enjoying. It took me forever to surf the web. Now I get the information within seconds. Like other users, I, too, had to learn how to use Windows 8.', "Posted by: dealfinderSA from San Antonio on 07/21/2013I had been looking for a while for a laptop and I wanted to find a touchscreen, and wanted as fast a processor as I could find. This Dell, with the I7 processor, is class leading. And it can't be beaten for the price (especially if you can find an open box item that's brand new!). Compared to similar offerings from Samsung or Apple, you can't find a better value. Very happy with purchase thus far.", 'Posted by: maldi from tucson, az on 07/21/2013Great touch screen computer for the price. Very good computer.', 'Posted by: bmead from Vancouver, WA on 07/20/2013The deal I got at Best Buy was pretty much unbeatable. The laptop is fantastic, the deal was incredible, and the service was impeccable. Best Buy deserves a gold star.', "Posted by: lucieloo from Little Rock, AR on 07/20/2013I had a Dell Inspiron I14 for about three years I used for home. I love playing Hidden Object Games, HOGs, as well as other types of games. My collection of games began to take it's toll on the computers ram so I decided to upgrade. My choice was easy, I wanted another Dell computer and when I found the Inspiron 15z, it was exactly what I needed. It had twice the amount of ram and the same amount of hard drive space. I was delighted that the Inspiron 15z had Windows 8 and a touch screen, which made my game play that much more enjoyable. The Dell Inspiron 15z had all the capabilities I needed for both my game play and my personal computer needs. I Have and would recommend this computer to anyone.", 'Posted by: Nickname76 from Maryland on 07/19/2013This is a great laptop for my needs, email, internet browsing, watching movies, light gaming, etc.', "Posted by: Ancholin from mcallen, tx on 07/19/2013After returning a sony ultrabook because it was just too loud, I am happy to say I am satisfied with my purchase. I never thought I would buy a Dell product, but to this moment I am glad I did. It is slim, comfortable to use and works pretty fast. Specs are great. Startup is very quick. When returning from sleep mode, it could be a bit faster - but not a huge problem. It looks nice and includes a dvd-drive, which I rarely use but it's there. Plenty of usb 3.0 slots!"]