['he brought a pig into the parlor," Duggan wrote. In Corlett\'s 2011 essay, which he said was inspired by the 1984  Van Halen  hit "Hot for Teacher," he wrote about his first impressions of Mitzelfeld, describing her as "tall, blond, stacked ', 'something unattractive about her. No luck yet," Corlett wrote. He titled his essay "Hot for Teacher," the name of a  Van Halen  song. Corlett said students in the English 380 class were told to write honestly and that no topic was off limits. Oakland ', "Go's fifth album makes a strong case that they deserve a wider audience. While the band can rock like Ned Zeppelin or Ned  Van Halen , the Van Gos like their twang too, and play with a cohesion befitting a group that has spent lots of time together in ", "Go's fifth album makes a strong case that they deserve a wider audience. While the band can rock like Ned Zeppelin or Ned  Van Halen , the Van Gos like their twang too, and play with a cohesion befitting a group that has spent lots of time together in ", 'Fitz and Noelle are both featured on "Not Leaving You Tonight," a song which also includes a guitar solo by  Eddie Van Halen . Noelle Scaggs and Babyface are featured on LL Cool J\'s song "Waiting On You." Noelle said, "LL Cool J is ', '68. Drummer Roger Taylor of Queen is 64. Actress Susan George is 63. Actor Kevin Spacey is 54. Singer  Gary Cherone  (Extreme,  Van Halen ) is 52. Actress Sandra Bullock is 49. Singer Jim Lindberg of Pennywise is 48. Actor Jeremy Piven is 48 ', "and banality. One minute we were arguing over God's hatred of the U.S. court system, and the next discussing  Eddie Van Halen 's love life. Of course we attended a few pickets with the church members. The first at the University of Kansas ", 'revealed that the only thing Heidik was selling was porn. Under the name David Roth -- presumably a nod to  Van Halen \'s  David Lee Roth  -- Heidik was the star of several soft-core pornographic films, including "Virgins of Sherwood Forest ', 'Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images  Eddie Van Halen  says he struggled with alcoholism with Esquire magazine, a now sober  Van Halen  says, "I don\'t mean to blame Oh, this is good! It works!"  Van Halen , 57, reveals that he has been ', 'Guitarist Ronnie Montrose , whose band Montrose featured a pre-  Van Halen Sammy Hagar  , died Saturday following a battle with prostate cancer. An unsigned statement on his official website reads, "A few months ', 'part of a creative writing journal assignment in a writing course. In his essay, which he said was inspired by the 1984  Van Halen  hit "Hot for Teacher," he wrote about his first impressions of his professor, Pamela Mitzelfeld, describing her as ', 'they would come visit here and not let themselves be known to everybody is beyond my sense of logic."  Sammy Hagar  Rocker  Sammy Hagar  of  Van Halen  fame has been vocal about a theory that aliens wirelessly downloaded material from his brain. "I saw ', 'Rising Google Searches: Wolfgang Van Halen ; Destructive Tropical American Weevil', "could soon become a rock. Got  Wolfgang Van Halen . Just the name alone is the son of  Eddie Van Halen  he's only fifteen years old and father's band. He didn't think  Van Halen  really existed anymore did you ", "is topped by a boy who could soon become a rock. Got Wolfgang Van Halen Just the name alone is the son of Eddie Van Halen he's only fifteen years old and hasn't today he is the -- bassist in his father's band. He didn't think Van Halen really existed anymore did you well it does and the band is said to be planning for a summer 072 hour too ", "tour everybody was very excited about we didn't know some of behind the scenes stuff. That was going on you and  Eddie Van Halen  were such close friends and collaborators. With the tour reunion tour. Later. Coming it wasn't what I was hoping ", "of behind the scenes stuff. That was going on -- you and Eddie Van Halen were such close friends and collaborators. With the tour -- reunion tour. Later. Coming it wasn't what I was hoping for you ", 'nothing less than an earth shattering announcement for rock and roll fans around the world  Van Halen . Is reuniting with its original frontman  David Lee Roth  for the first time in twenty years and apparently the Jurassic era of hard rock lives on ', 'an earth shattering announcement for rock and roll fans around the world Van Halen . Is reuniting with its original frontman David Lee Roth for the first time in twenty years and apparently the Jurassic era of hard rock lives on. ', 'World News: Bush Before & After; LAPD Beating on YouTube; Revolution in Animation', "could soon become a rock got.  Wolfgang Van Halen . Just the name alone is the son of  Eddie Van Halen  he's only fifteen years old and father's band. He didn't think  Van Halen  really existed anymore did you ", "is topped by a boy who could soon become a rock got. Wolfgang Van Halen Just the name alone is the son of Eddie Van Halen he's only fifteen years old and hasn't today he is the -- bassist in his father's band. He didn't think Van Halen really existed anymore did you well it does and the band is said to be planning for a summer 072 -- too ", 'nothing less than an earth shattering announcement for rock and roll fans around the world  Van Halen . Is reuniting with its original frontman  David Lee Roth  for the first time in twenty years and apparently the Jurassic era of hard rock lives on ', "an earth shattering announcement for rock and roll fans around the world Van Halen . Is reuniting with its original frontman David Lee Roth for the first time in twenty years and apparently the Jurassic era of hard rock lives on. All this week's searches for ", 'to see the light version of this  Van Halen  music video anytime soon. The  David Lee Roth  fronted Halen reunion tour has fallen said we have fragile politics in  Van Halen  some creative differences are just ', "like he won't be able to see the light version of this Van Halen music video anytime soon. The David Lee Roth fronted -- Halen reunion tour has fallen through. Mr. Roth said we have fragile politics in Van Halen some creative differences are just too creative. -- -- John Berman ABC -- -- ", 'to see the light version of this  Van Halen  music video anytime soon. The  David Lee Roth  fronted Halen reunion tour has fallen said we have fragile politics in  Van Halen  some creative differences are just ', "like he won't be able to see the light version of this Van Halen music video anytime soon. The David Lee Roth fronted -- Halen reunion tour has fallen through. Mr. Roth said we have fragile politics in Van Halen some creative differences are just too creative. John Berman ABC news. And next we're gonna turn to baseball and I will ask "]