['heard his epic hit, " Ice Ice Baby ." "I did \' Ice Ice Baby \' when I was 16. I tenth grade," the  rapper , now 45, said today experience." The  rapper , known better as his stage name  Vanilla Ice , has traded his mic ', "moments. Calling Out  Vanilla Ice  Multi-platinum  rapper Vanilla Ice , aka Robert Van Winkle called Public Enemy  rapper  Flavor Flav out for Hall confronted the  rapper  about it, asking Van Winkle's brief  rap  career. Hall Goes ", 'for a tune up:  Vanilla Ice  . He couldn\'t hack it in  rap , but apparently thing. "The  Vanilla Ice  Project" will Will the " Ice Ice Baby " singer\'s Flav hailed from  rap  roots before show. But can  Vanilla Ice \'s Bob Vila ', 'the biggest names in  rap  Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg fortune when he dangled  Vanilla Ice  upside down by his ankles his royalties from " Ice Ice Baby " for music material Knight\'s associates.  Vanilla Ice , whose real name is forces with Dr. Dre, a  rapper  and producer, who was the already successful  rapper  Tupac Shakur, who was ', 'as Jean-Michel Basquiat and  Vanilla Ice . Playing Lady of the Manor unequivocally 100 percent not true."  Vanilla Ice  The  rapper  and Madonna were together for But is she a sexual animal?"  Vanilla Ice  said. "Nah, she\'s like every ', "There, 1990s  rapper  Coolio appeared alongside Coolio isn't the only  rapper  finding a second act abroad:  Vanilla Ice  and Cisqo are now confirmed that the  rapper  performs for top dollar can't get enough  rap . Hip-hop may have ", 'Canadian with a  rapper  and sprinkle Southern techno- rap  genre, according else to say.  Vanilla Ice , \' Ice Ice Baby \' Two words:  Vanilla Ice . Really, is years and " Ice Ice Baby " practically future white  rap  artists like ', 'popular (that should bode well for Samantha Mumba) and  rap /hip-hop ring tones make the most money, at 25 does kitsch such as the Knight Rider theme song or  Vanilla Ice \'s " Ice Ice Baby ." So what\'s in a musical ring tone? Right now ', 'by Wang Chung\'s "Everybody Have Fun Tonight." "Rollin\'" by Limp Bizkit ranks fourth, followed by " Ice Ice Baby ," by  Vanilla Ice . Finishing off the top 10 worst songs ever are Huey Lewis and the News with "The Heart of Rock-and-Roll ', "Strokes: When the Laughter Stopped, wherein he sold crack to his on-screen persona. Last year, he took on vintage  rapper Vanilla Ice  on Fox's Celebrity Boxing and won. Bridges even turned into a real-life hero. Last April, he and his brother ", 'Strokes: When the Laughter Stopped and sold crack to his on-screen persona. Bridges recently took on vintage  rapper Vanilla Ice  in the Fox special Celebrity Boxing and has appeared in soap operas. Coleman has worked occasionally in recent years ', 'sliced bread," said J.J. Rice, music program director at New York radio station WBLI.  Rapper Vanilla Ice  had one hit in the 1990s, " Ice Ice Baby ," before he was mocked out of stardom. He was recently pegged by U.S. music channel VH-1 ', 'of her mythology. "If she were a painting, she would be an abstract by Picasso," says one former lover, the  rap  star  Vanilla Ice . "She has so many faces." When people got really affronted at her behavior, as when she published the controversial ', 'ice got iced the I  rapper  took a spill during practice on Wednesday competition show dancing on the ice.  Vanilla Ice  real name rob van winkle was reportedly bleeding and taken to the hospital but the  rapper  told ITV the fall will not sent him ', "-- -- ice got iced the I -- -- rapper took a spill during practice on Wednesday for the British reality competition show dancing on the ice. Vanilla Ice real name rob van winkle was reportedly unconscious for a few seconds after hitting his head after the fall. He wasn't even bleeding and taken to the hospital but the rapper told ITV the fall will not sent him back at all in the competition. ", "transformed himself into a  home improvement  wizard who can fix just headache. His show the  Vanilla Ice  project debuts Saturday we're so happy to have  Vanilla Ice  Griffith C thanks for and don't miss the  Vanilla Ice  project Saturday night ", "hip hop home renovation -- no life has transformed himself into a home improvement wizard who can fix just about any housing headache. His show the Vanilla Ice project debuts Saturday night on the DIY network and we're so happy to have Vanilla Ice -- -- Griffith C thanks for being here good to be here -- season to congratulations thank you must -- do and ", 'World News: Winter Storm; World AIDS Day and Evangelical Agenda; World War I Museum; LA Auto Show; Vans Turns 40', "title of the most gifted  rapper . In the world. Image wrapping Paper covered in  rap  lyrics the creation of classic the lyrics to  Vanilla Ice  is.  Ice ice baby . Although I'm sure argue that's not real  rap . I'm out of little ", "pull it off they're competing for the title of the most gifted rapper . In the world. Image of running and -- and -- And -- can't meet these like he -- not -- -- Yeah. ", "He traded in his mike at least temporarily for a hammer and great tool box. Boy is he creative. Known by so many as  vanilla ice . Rob van winkle knows how to turn trash into trees our. He's got his own show. And he's talented. He's here ", "great tool box. Boy is he creative. Known by so many as vanilla ice . Rob van winkle knows how to turn trash into trees our. He's got his own show. And he's talented. He's here to ", "ribeiro in New York a  Vanilla Ice  was a pop icon in the DIY network called the  Vanilla Ice  project. And we're rob van winkle known as  Vanilla Ice  welcome rob great video when I'm sixteen road  ice ice baby  so. Made some money ", "-- Welcome back let it does sometimes ribeiro in New York a Vanilla Ice was a pop icon in the -- he sold eleven million. Copies of his debut album to the extreme. But -- wasn't his only passion for the past fifteen years the Grammy nominee has been buying land and flipping houses. He's self taught and remodeling. And now he has his own series on the DIY network called the Vanilla Ice project. And we're thrilled to be joined by rob van winkle -- known as Vanilla Ice welcome rob great video -- -- -- -- -- First question to you is -- -- interest in home remodeling renovation come from big change from your music. -- well I've been doing for a long time you know -- fifteen years -- first on the published in the -- just see it and that started off when I'm sixteen road ice ice baby so. Made some money in the bottom much houses everywhere and sold them at a bunch of money on those and said ", "winner. So they go on DIY network dot com and and gets there he goes an ice is their house throughout the way really  Vanilla Ice  out of it's just the double BT mostly I mean this house that you me in the video out of I went down this house that ", "goes an ice is their house throughout the way really -- -- Vanilla Ice -- out of it's just the double BT -- mostly I mean this house that you -- -- me in the video ", 'Finally on "pop news" we love us some  vanilla ice , he was here monday showing us his invention. A remix of his hit " ice ice baby ." Including a zumba moves. What have our own ice in the audience. " ice ice baby " back in the', 'pregnant, whoo! That\'s terrible. Finally on "pop news" we love us some vanilla ice , he was here monday showing us his passion for diy passion. His first love is music. Stop, collaborate and listen. Because ice is back with a brand-new invention. A remix of his hit " ice ice baby ." Including a zumba moves. What is zumba. It\'s fitness craze, that\'s based on dance. Based on african dance. And you will burn ']