['(Josephine Santos/Pacific Coast News) Say hello to Hollywood\'s newest newlyweds. " ER " star  Mekhi Phifer  married longtime girlfriend Reshelet Barnes during a small ceremony Saturday in Beverly Hills, Calif., at the Montage Hotel ', 'author of "The Hunger Games" series, and Bruce Jenner, the 1976 Summer Olympics decathlon gold medalist. " ER \'s"  Anthony Edwards  and illustrator and author William Hamilton Gibson have also called the village home. ABC News\' Adriana Pratt ', 'and Lindsay Lohan to  George Clooney  and Reese Witherspoon Giancarlo Esposito , " ER \'s"  Gloria Reuben  , "The Social Network\'s paper confirmed.  George Clooney  category: Time Magazine\'s correspondents\' dinner table:  George Clooney  . The actor has become ', "their engines as a sign of respect.  GEORGE CLOONEY , OTHERS TO PROTEST AT SUDAN EMBASSY Actor and advocate  George Clooney  will highlight a protest at Sudan's one was injured. WHEN YOUR GPS,  ER , GOES SOUTH Three Japanese tourists ", 'here for full Oscar coverage 2.  George Clooney : \'The Descendants\' and \'The Pitt\'s reported A-list friend,  George Clooney  , purchased a home in Studio City starring in the medical drama, " ER ." The home has eight bedrooms ', 'six-question quiz on  George Clooney  and his fellow Oscar Oscar nominee played  George Clooney \'s wife in an animated guest-starred on at least one " ER " episode that featured  George Clooney ? A. Jessica Chastain ', 'the need to blow so much smoke up  George Clooney \'s a**," Finke wrote. "He\'s the middle." Then he introduced  George Clooney , a "rare" person who "managed from the back, when he was on \' ER ,\' to right down the front ', 'edge. Movie stars in the middle." Then he introduced  George Clooney , a "rare" person who "manged to move all the from the back, when he was on  ER , to right down the front."', 'commenters wouldn\'t mind if Lowe -- or  John Stamos , another name that\'s been bandied film and television industry."  John Stamos . Relation to Charlie Harper: long bumped into a ganja-selling ne\' er  do well. Matt LeBlanc. Relation ', 'With names like Rob Lowe and  John Stamos  already being thrown around, sources film and television industry."  John Stamos . Relation to Charlie Harper: long bumped into a ganja-selling ne\' er  do well. Matt LeBlanc. Relation ', 'bonus, and his name is  John Stamos . "My husband and I are \'Gleeks,\' and seeing  John Stamos  go from \' ER \' in a more dramatic the crowd-pleaser " ER ." Now Stamos is Dr. Carl Howell ( John Stamos ) checks out Will\'s ', 'women in 34 countries, including celebrity mothers like Jessica Alba , Giselle Bundschen , Pamela Anderson , and " ER \'s"  Noah Wyle \'s wife Tracy , have learned how to put mind over matter. Actress Tiffani Thiessen of television\'s "Saved By ', 'wife Sandra Boss, played by " ER \'s"  Sherry Stringfield . Rockefeller first meets Boss The Two Mr. Kissels" stars  John Stamos  as Andrew Kissel , who, along said. And of course getting  John Stamos  to star wasn\'t bad either ', "Octavia Spencer and just sought help. And Clooney's  ER  they showed me how to do everything Rooney Mara before ran the campaign and ides of march with you guessed it.  George Clooney  does your curfew period to lose your movements and report ", "who ran the campaign and ides of march with you guessed it. George Clooney does your curfew period to lose your movements and report those pockets Scott cigar smoke blowing their faces by John Goodman's. He ", 'Back, no with  anthony edwards . It\'s been a decade, I can\'t believe it, since "e antiquing. We\'ll explain. You\'ll understand. I understand.  Anthony edwards , everybody. What a day on "gma." Thank you. Thank "zero ', 'Back, no with anthony edwards . It\'s been a decade, I can\'t believe it, since "e.R." And anthony is back with a suspense suspenseful, new show called "zero ', 'Antique clocks. A lot of antiquing. We\'ll explain. You\'ll understand. I understand. Anthony edwards , everybody. What a day on "gma." Thank you. Thank "zero hour" premieres tomorrow ', 'television show full how these. And. Through his stint as Jake Jake and progress and his turn as doctor Tony gates the  ER . Now fans will get to enjoy statements as that dentists who currently hold them factions on Get ready Greeks because it ', 'and progress and his turn as doctor Tony gates -- the -- ER . Now fans will get to enjoy statements as that dentists who currently hold them -- -- factions on -- Get ready Greeks ', 'for just a moment and talk to Gloria for second a lot of people are probably He going. her front page you are regular and  ER  the hit series for many years you multiple Emmy nominations. During the five year run. Just curious what your thoughts ', "probably -- He going. -- her front page you are regular and ER the hit series for many years you multiple Emmy nominations. During the five year run. Just curious what your thoughts aren't you ", "Michael Michelle rose to fame working on television on  ER  of course being hit there and films like Ali and romantic Walked the red carpet at Golden Globes Emmys or whatever for  ER  some of the shows I had done and that's where could revisit ", "Michael Michelle rose to fame working on television on ER of course being hit there and films like Ali and romantic comedy. I'll lose a guy in ten days well now she's ", "would. Walked the red carpet at Golden Globes Emmys or whatever for ER some of the shows I had done and that's where -- could revisit my love of fashion but being on the show. ", "Which we can't confirm that went. To work you know.  George Clooney  I'm waiting to here they're Albright at the it's think. More invitations out that we Macy's and his  ER  CE ST. Well that's question. The stadium it's not ", "that went. To work you know. -- -- -- -- -- -- George Clooney I'm waiting to here they're -- Albright at the it's. -- -- -- -- -- Yet it is actually tomorrow -- actually ", "screenplay. Talked about how  George Clooney  would probably rather Between Jeff Bridges and  George Clooney  for up in the air and been recognized where is  George Clooney  recently didn't win Carol Hathaway and from  ER  in the same room together ", 'up in the air where He won best screenplay. Talked about how George Clooney would probably rather be setting up the telethon than sitting at this awards ceremony right now and of course so many of ', "-- -- come down to really a showdown. Between Jeff Bridges and George Clooney for up in the air and really with anybody's -- I think what really decided it was that Jeff Bridges had been nominee in so many times the 44 Golden Globes and four Oscars. But He tied into what He thinks He uses veteran actor who haven't been recognized where is George Clooney recently didn't win an Oscar and to -- Greg Bledsoe really was kind of a late ten achievement award -- Jeffords as "]