["We have a preview of a very special  extreme makeover home edition  are on Sam Champion went behind the scenes A plea answered by the popular ABC show  extreme makeover home edition  and its army. Volunteers. So let's ", 'We have a preview of a very special extreme makeover home edition are on Sam Champion went behind the scenes with some very special guests. To help one deserving woman get her dreams back ', "backpedaling and our daycare. A plea answered by the popular ABC show extreme makeover home edition and its army. Volunteers. So let's. As -- Cindy and her two children took off on a weeklong vacation from work and ", "can afford she got herself into trouble in the house was coming down. And didn't good folks of that  extreme makeover home edition  fixed it all up and tied everybody not that house down. With drive of the front loader. And we got a ", "in the house was coming down. And didn't good folks of that extreme makeover home edition fixed it all up and tied everybody not that house down. With -- drive of the front loader. And we got a ", 'An  extreme makeover home edition . Has been making dreams come true now for nine seasons leading the charge step. Help people really help themselves  Ty Pennington  could. two hours this Sunday at 7 eastern on ABC I wanna see the focus this year ', 'An extreme makeover home edition Has been making dreams come true now for nine seasons leading the charge step. Help people really help themselves Ty Pennington could. -- two hours this Sunday at 7 eastern on ABC I wanna see the focus this year do you guys do ', "We're gonna show America the inside of the house you won't get to see it yet but. Hang on clothes everybody's eyes in America take a look at the inside. This your exclusive inside tour of the It's designed in the tradition log cabin because the family's love of nature. The four bedroom two bathroom", 'was safe are your friends of  extreme makeover home edition . neighborhood torn apart by extreme it. Last nine seasons  extreme makeover home edition  has been Proving that sometimes decided team up with our that  extreme makeover home edition  as they take on their biggest ', "the big events in Joplin Missouri was safe are your friends of extreme makeover home edition -- neighborhood torn apart by the devastating tornado just a few months ago is being rebuilt. In just the -- -- You're ", "but -- Here comes the team from extreme it. Last nine seasons extreme makeover home edition has been -- Proving that sometimes. Paula takes his three little words to change a family's life for a what makes them. The move that -- moment. -- -- Resolve captured simple moment. And that's why GMA decided -- team up with our -- that extreme makeover home edition as they take on their biggest project yet. Seven homes in seven days. For seven families who lost everything in last based. ", "magic -- And witnessed the biggest move that -- have been an extreme makeover home edition history right here. And G and. Do not miss that moment now -- I've got to show you picture I think this ", 'Extreme makeover home edition  has been that bus Families move and  Ty Pennington  is moving on. To revolution. And  Ty Pennington  joins us now what special episode of  extreme makeover home edition  tonight at 8 sevenths ', 'Extreme makeover home edition has been -- that bus for a decade now helping hundreds of Americans all across the country. And tonight the last stop ', 'sure if they -- it did in the very special episode of extreme makeover home edition tonight at 8 sevenths central on ABC. ', 'builders. And the skills of some of the most extremely. Talented designers in the world that the recipe for  extreme makeover home edition  most ambitious project at. Seven homes for seven families all built in just seven days off brand new neighborhood ', 'the most extremely. Talented designers in the world that the recipe for extreme makeover home edition most ambitious project at. Seven homes for seven families -- all built in just seven days off brand new neighborhood for the ', 'North Carolina. That is until a crew from extreme make over  home edition  rolled into town. great what a surprise the Cooper family early morning surprise date been chosen. From superstar  Ty Pennington  I I heard a megaphone I hear any yard. Loud voice. You ', "the North Carolina. That is until a crew from extreme make over home edition rolled into town. -- great what a surprise the Cooper family mom and dad son and daughter got the early morning surprise date been chosen. From superstar Ty Pennington I -- I heard a megaphone I hear any yard. Loud voice. You know -- my -- my kid's name. The family ", "We're joined now by ten miss the talented and beautiful carpenter an  extreme makeover home edition . And she is also the author. Other new book called tough chicks guide to easy home improvements page thanks so much for joining ", 'joined now by -- ten miss the talented and beautiful carpenter an extreme makeover home edition And she is also the author. Other new book called tough chicks guide to easy home improvements page thanks so much for ', "a little help. From the all star crew of  extreme makeover home edition  let's learn a little bit about. Yeah step at a time. Where we in GMA along with  extreme makeover home edition  is about to give that power to surprise they ", "family's gonna get a little help. From the all star crew of extreme makeover home edition let's learn a little bit about. Yeah. -- may 22. Dollars and 111 of the most destructive tornadoes in history is building ", 'one step at a time. Where we -- in GMA along with extreme makeover home edition is about to give that power to surprise they will never forget. ', "That we are going right back to Joplin Missouri the family got together surprisingly light. And champion  Ty Pennington  airs at right now. Hey good morning Georgian c'mon get that bus and we got to let me a little bit while I tell you some about ", "to Joplin Missouri the -- family got together surprisingly light. And champion Ty Pennington airs at right now. Hey good morning Georgian c'mon get that bus and we got to let me -- -- -- a ", '" Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition " host discusses new ABC show, "The Revolution."', 'Move that our friends over  extreme makeover home edition  made that. Phrase in the scene escalated so memorable country who in the modern day miracle workers of  extreme makeover home edition  arrive on the doorstep. Armed with just a bullhorn ', 'Move that -- our friends over extreme makeover home edition made that. Phrase in the scene escalated so memorable were about to launch -- -- move that a serious right here on ', 'all around the country who in the modern day miracle workers of extreme makeover home edition arrive on the doorstep. Armed with just a bullhorn and efficient. -- -- -- Like a genie from a bottle but -- ', 'As part of the  extreme makeover home edition  team Michael Maloney is known for doing random acts does Michael thank you so much of course dealt with  extreme makeover home edition  when it premieres Sunday September 28 bit. Michael ', "As part of the extreme makeover home edition team Michael Maloney is known for doing random acts of kindness for many deserving families and he's also got up -- open ", 'everyone does -- Michael thank you so much of course dealt with extreme makeover home edition when it premieres Sunday September 28 bit. Michael thanks so much -- ', 'Celebrity designer fof " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition " reflects on her show.', 'Celebrity designer  Ty Pennington  has put down his tools to return to his hometown of Atlanta the light on a topic that He holds very close to his heart. Attention ', 'Celebrity designer Ty Pennington has put down his tools to return to his hometown of Atlanta the light on a topic that He holds very close ', "As the host of  extreme makeover home edition Ty Pennington  has filled the hearts of fans but. Making the domestic interview. You want to come and yeah. We caught up with  Ty Pennington  in what's become more than just his new dressing ", "As the host of extreme makeover home edition Ty Pennington has filled the hearts of fans but. Making the domestic dreams of grateful families come true but now he's building something else and here's ABC's Andrea -- With the Nightline interview. You want to come and yeah. We caught up with Ty Pennington in what's become more than just his new dressing room -- my home now are you living here in this room. It's "]