['Chris Powell from "Extreme Makeover: Weight Loss Edition" gets his kids in on the workout.', '" Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition " fitness expert shares the weight loss secret.', 'york. All right, joining us now to talk about it is transformation specialist chris powell, host of " extreme makeover :  Weight loss edition " and has a new book out called "choose more, lose more for life." You changed countless people\'s ', 'now to talk about it is transformation specialist chris powell, host of " extreme makeover : Weight loss edition " and has a new book out called "choose more, lose more for life." You changed countless people\'s lives. We just did this ', 'good morning america," rachel smith, abc news, plano, texas. Joining us now is the host of abc\'s  extreme makeover weight loss edition  and author of "choose to lose "gma" special weight loss contributor chr powell and, chris, a number ', 'abc news, plano, texas. Joining us now is the host of abc\'s extreme makeover weight loss edition and author of "choose to lose "gma" special weight loss contributor chr powell and, chris, a number is one thing but a ', 'Chris Powell and Jarvez Hall talk about his journey on " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition ."', "500-Pound Man Loses More Than Half His Weight on 'Extreme Makeover: Weight Loss Edition'", 'turned to chris powell, our friend, of " extreme makeover weight loss edition ." Chris and jonathan will join us First you jonathan for motivat motivating us. " Extreme makeover weight loss edition " airs on sunday nights at 9:00. Coming ', 'life change. He did. He turned to chris powell, our friend, of " extreme makeover weight loss edition ." Chris and jonathan will join us First a look at his amazing year. Married to his high school sweet swrn heart and ', 'Thank you, thank you chris, thank you jonathan for motivat motivating us. " Extreme makeover weight loss edition " airs on sunday nights at 9:00. Coming up here. Steve carell is live. ', 'you can meet your new year\'s goal to lose weight, get fit and strange your life, is the host of " extreme makeover :  Weight loss edition ," and author of "choose to lose," chris powell. Both of these stories had a celeb pal. How important ', 'lose weight, get fit and strange your life, is the host of " extreme makeover : Weight loss edition ," and author of "choose to lose," chris powell. Both of these stories had a celeb pal. How important is it to have ', 'weight loss show. Proven phenomenon, trigger foods do exist. Reporter: Chris powell is the trainer on " extreme makeover :  Weight loss edition ." The folks I work with, there are certain foods that if they have them, it\'s like crack cocaine ', 'phenomenon, trigger foods do exist. Reporter: Chris powell is the trainer on " extreme makeover : Weight loss edition ." The folks I work with, there are certain foods that if they have them, it\'s like crack cocaine for them. Reporter: Can ', 'here. That can only mean one thing. Fit tip of the day. Come on in, chris powell. There he is. " Extreme makeover :  Weight loss edition ." Every time you walk into a room, do those two guys announce it? Yeah. Everywhere I go. You\'re ', 'tip of the day. Come on in, chris powell. There he is. " Extreme makeover : Weight loss edition ." Every time you walk into a room, do those two guys announce it? Yeah. Everywhere I go. You\'re welcome, ladies. I noticed ', 'She\'s leaving tomorrow to compete in the kona ironman triathlon. Joining us is chris powell from " extreme makeover :  Weight loss edition " and author of "choose to lose." And we were talking about the swimming. What a great exercise for ', 'compete in the kona ironman triathlon. Joining us is chris powell from " extreme makeover : Weight loss edition " and author of "choose to lose." And we were talking about the swimming. What a great exercise for the people trying to ', 'I\'ve lost 140. You have said -- congratulations -- that your dream job was to be chris powell on " extreme makeover :  Weight loss edition ." We have a surprise for you. Here\'s chris. Chris, come on out. Edwin. Come here. We wanted ', 'congratulations -- that your dream job was to be chris powell on " extreme makeover : Weight loss edition ." We have a surprise for you. Here\'s chris. Chris, come on out. Edwin. Come here. We wanted to surprise you. Congratulations. Look ', 'gratitude for the glories of technology. Here\'s abc\'s juju chang. Reporter: Chris powell found fame in " extreme makeover weight loss edition ." That\'s it, tony, that\'s it. Reporter: But when his youngest son cash was caught up a carjacking ', 'of technology. Here\'s abc\'s juju chang. Reporter: Chris powell found fame in " extreme makeover weight loss edition ." That\'s it, tony, that\'s it. Reporter: But when his youngest son cash was caught up a carjacking, it wasn\'t his celebrity status, ', 'your size. Reporter: And chris powell of  extreme makeover weight loss edition  gave her the honest truth. I\'m going sally, enjoy your new life. Absolutely. " Extreme makeover weight loss edition " is on thursday. Coming up the facelift ', "now, you will be half your size. Reporter: And chris powell of extreme makeover weight loss edition gave her the honest truth. I'm going to kick your . Reporter: But despite the trade mark aggressive workouts. Sally still wasn't ", 'for everyone working at home. Congratulation, sally, enjoy your new life. Absolutely. " Extreme makeover weight loss edition " is on thursday. Coming up the facelift that requires no surgery, inside acupuncture for the face and ', '" Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition " host surprises fan who wrote from home.', "I'm fighting thr the pain. Reporter: For  extreme makeover weight loss edition . All total, he's helped 11 superobese I'm juju chang in phoenix, arizona.  Extreme makeover weight loss edition  airs sundays here on abc. Thanks to jew ", "man who orchestrates it all. I'm fighting thr the pain. Reporter: For extreme makeover weight loss edition . All total, he's helped 11 superobese people lose a ton of ht. But chris powell would tell you his secret as a ", 'powell gets people hooked. For "nightline" I\'m juju chang in phoenix, arizona. Extreme makeover weight loss edition airs sundays here on abc. Thanks to jew jew for that inside report. ', '" Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition " follows transformation of eight people.', 'Chris Powell trains obese people on " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition ".', "If you're struggling to shed a few pounds are looking to drop serious way to get ready to be inspired. We first met the Darby on extreme make over weight loss addition when she weighed. 433. Pounds that was just every year ago here's a quick look back hello journey. I'm at war with. What you need"]