['Stephen Sondheim. He is a true  Broadway  legend. Most theater buffs also wrote the lyrics for " Gypsy " and then, of course Story." There\'s even a  Broadway  theater named after him. Earlier his lyrics and memories of a  Broadway  career that has spanned more ', 'Webber\'s operatic "The Music of the Night." In the play,  Broadway \'s longest running musical, the phantom puts his victim into likely to link him musically with the video for Shakira\'s " Gypsy ." The steamy YouTube sensation features the sweaty sex symbol ', 'Webber\'s operatic "The Music of the Night." In the play,  Broadway \'s longest running musical, the phantom puts his victim into likely to link him musically with the video for Shakira\'s " Gypsy ." The steamy YouTube sensation features the sweaty sex symbol ', 'remake of Stephen Sondheim\'s  Broadway  musical about a murderous barber me when I saw it onstage."  Broadway  Baby Burton, known for his work in showstoppers like " Gypsy ," "West Side Story" and Burton said. And for all the  Broadway  faithful -- Sondheim did give ', 'dancers auditioning for a big  Broadway  show is back. Gerald Schoenfeld Atkinson. Ticketmaster.  Gypsy . Patti LuPone stars as the mother of stripper  Gypsy  Rose Lee in a revival of one of the greatest of all  Broadway  musicals. St. James. Telecharge ', 'opponents to achieve victory." Will Zorro Make His Mark on  Broadway ? New movie aside, the Zorro franchise is alive and well addition, a musical about Zorro, with a score written by the  Gypsy  Kings, is being developed in London. And a new novel by acclaimed ', 'Hollywood, Moreno is quoted as saying, "I was offered them all  gypsy  fortune-tellers, Mexican spitfires, Spanish spitfires including TV\'s The Electric Company and The Rockford Files, and  Broadway . One of the only performers to ever win an Oscar, a Tony ', 'Hollywood, Moreno is quoted as saying, "I was offered them all  gypsy  fortune-tellers, Mexican spitfires, Spanish spitfires including TV\'s The Electric Company and The Rockford Files, and  Broadway . The only performer to ever win an Oscar, a Tony, a Grammy ', 'Hollywood, Moreno is quoted as saying, "I was offered them all  Gypsy  fortune-tellers, Mexican spitfires, Spanish spitfires including TV\'s The Electric Company and The Rockford Files, and  Broadway . One of the only performers to ever win an Oscar, a Tony ', 'your movie career on the rise but you started in TV is that right. I sent him  Broadway  stardom wrong way wow how at what age. I was eleven and I did Patti LuPone  Gypsy  announced it brings Fantastic. And but now you are also currently on blue blood ', 'rise but you started in TV is that right. I sent him Broadway stardom wrong way wow how at what age. I was eleven and I did Patti LuPone Gypsy announced it brings -- -- Fantastic. And -- but now you are also currently on blue blood -- and -- detachment France ', 'sensation a chorus line the  Broadway  theater world in 1975. And her own cabaret show called  Gypsy  in my soul. And as if that ever wanted was to be in a  Broadway  Show and then as I learned it recently opened again on  Broadway  I thirty years later to show ', "Lawrence of West Side Story fame. And her own cabaret show called Gypsy in my soul. And as if that isn't enough she has also written a book that documents are fascinating life with humor ", "has just finished Ugly Betty we got canceled. I was doing  Broadway  Show calls on him and some Stephen sondheim's music. And adjusting my daughters and a new school again they can't you know  Gypsy  at this businesses you know you go where the work to get it ", "a new school again they can't you know -- -- -- -- Gypsy -- at this businesses you know you go where the work to get it takes you. And my kids are used to "]