['10-man contingent cast for  Broadway , are singer-songwriters which brought its show to  Broadway  in 2010, claims it taught the new the story, but not the \' Jersey Boys \' version." Parry says the Fox and Gershon have come to  Broadway  from very different places ', 'Heights. The lively off- Broadway  musical about Latino residents Washington Heights moves to  Broadway . Winner of the 2008 Tony Richard Rodgers. Ticketmaster.  Jersey Boys . The musical story of Frankie theatrical, acrobatic creation.  Broadway . Telecharge. Legally Blonde ', "entertainment quarter is in the theater. Chicago sends hits to  Broadway  (Steppenwolf Theater's August: Osage County this year) and keeps  Broadway  playing here indefinitely (Wicked and  Jersey Boys  will stay as long as demand holds). And it's not ", 'matched if not exceeded on  Broadway  when ticket sales for the for the same time frames.  Broadway  producers credited their ongoing megahits, "Wicked," " Jersey Boys ," "Mary Poppins" and adaptations of novels into  Broadway  musicals. Movies\' Ready-Made ', 'Valli in " Jersey Boys ." The musical Young\'s first  Broadway  role, despite we opened \' Jersey Boys \' I was ushering in a  Broadway  theater theater and off- Broadway  plays. Now success in " Jersey Boys ," in a show ', 'The headline from  Broadway  reads. Big praise big get the scoop on this.  Broadway  sensation I mean to say since reminds of efforts  Jersey boys . And after every number obviously had some hits. On  Broadway  and they also had some ', "The headline from Broadway reads. Big praise big nominations for -- sees its Disney theater's latest musical about New York's news voice right 1899 and in true Disney style -- got. Unforgettable characters -- tapping numbers -- -- up for eight Tony nominations including best musical and best director and the man whose name is on that -- -- director Jeff Calhoun is here now to get the scoop on this. Broadway sensation I mean to say it lightly it's like it's like the shot in the arm that the great -- need. Jack thanks for being with us and -- congratulations on the nomination. Think that's very exciting time big surprise. Big surprise for everybody -- who knew I haven't heard this kind of reaction in the theaters since reminds of efforts -- Jersey boys . And after every number the place erupted like it was the reunion of The Beatles or something we're kind of having that kind of phenomenon every night -- your -- theater it. So I saw the show and there is a lot of excitement a lot of energy on this and that's the -- -- is that you know Disney's obviously had some hits. On Broadway and they also had some that have gotten cumbersome lackluster reviews were you concerned at all are you taking on this project. ", "it's the start of a brand new  Broadway  line up. But did you know tickets. Well as you mentioned  Broadway  had its biggest year ever picked to show we look at  Jersey boys  who a sold out my aid and types of shows. Sites like  Broadway  box or theater mania will ", "So we tested six and we've picked to show we look at Jersey boys who -- a sold out my aid and September and we just started chopping. And would you find well Craigslist ended up ", "feel like just stole a pile of money from the And they're all sitting right over them.  Broadway 's  Jersey boys  paid tribute to those other  Jersey boys  from The Sopranos. Nominated for fifteen Emmys. The HBO mob saga that ended six year run ", "of money from the -- And they're all sitting right over them. Broadway's Jersey boys paid tribute to those other Jersey boys from The Sopranos. Nominated for fifteen Emmys. The HBO mob saga that ended six year run in June came away with a "]