['morning to catch you may remember him from the show  Friday Night Lights  and sure you do left high school football behind twelve. Now we got John Carter. going to battleship.  Peter Berg  directed and then we just finished Oliver Stone film ', 'Tony twelve. Now we got John Carter. -- -- going to battleship. Peter Berg directed and then we just finished Oliver Stone film called savages. Incredible yeah well. John Travolta Venetian del Toro and Uma Thurman ', "Boardwalk empire. Dexter.  Friday Night Lights . Damon owns. The good Bates Harry's law.  Connie Britton Friday Night Lights . the killing. targets Buscemi boardwalk empire.  Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights . Michael C. Hall Dexter ", "gentlemen. The nominations in the drama series category are. Boardwalk empire. Dexter. Friday Night Lights Damon -- owns. The good wife and amendment. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Kathy Bates Harry's law. Connie Britton Friday Night Lights -- -- the killing. -- targets say law and order special victims unit. Julianna Margulies the good wife and Elisabeth Moss mad men. For lead actor in a drama series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights Michael C. Hall Dexter. Jon Hamm mad men. Hugh Laurie house. And Timothy all of that justice. For outstanding miniseries or movie ", 'Michael C. Hall from  Kyle Chandler  of  Friday Night Lights  this one is a of popular show actor actress that  Connie Britton  and cultural so. This Glenn Close of damages  Connie Britton  of  Friday Night Lights  again. Julianna Margulies ', 'drama series. -- said to -- the closer Glenn Close of damages Connie Britton of Friday Night Lights again. Julianna Margulies of the good wife. Mariska Hargitay and law and order special victims unit and January Jones of mad men. ', "It's like three or four whole pizzas could visualize. Well the film was spectacular everybody knows you from  Friday Night Lights  I was inching really really quickly Mars is it's Utah. Yeah and your crew found not an alien to something really ", "pizzas could visualize. Well the film was spectacular everybody knows you from Friday Night Lights -- I was inching really really quickly Mars is -- it's Utah. Yeah and your crew found not an alien to something ", "who I think you know from. His roles on the wire  Friday Night Lights  plays Oscar grant and plays it so well that people already for the help. He's been on TV shows like  Friday Night Lights  and the wire he's been in a movie like chronicle ", 'Jordan who I think you know from. His roles on the wire Friday Night Lights plays Oscar grant and plays it so well that people are talking about Academy Award for -- His mother is played by ', "an Oscar already for the help. He's been on TV shows like Friday Night Lights and the wire he's been in a movie like chronicle. Is everything just gonna come easier to them now is do they ", 'emmy-nominated role on " friday night lights ." Also, "spin city That\'s where I met her.  Connie britton  is starring in one take her throne. And  connie britton  is with us. Welcome abc. "Nashville."  Connie britton , come back and see ', 'We continue, now, with an emmy-nominated role on " friday night lights ." Also, "spin city." That\'s where I met her. Connie britton is starring in one of the hottest shows of the season, "nashville," here on She plays a reigning country music queen, battling a new, young starlet trying to take her throne. And connie britton is with us. Welcome to "good morning america." Thank you. Great to be here. I want to congratulate you on motherhood and ', 'YOUR DVRs, OR WATCH LIVE. 10:00, 9:00 central, here on abc. "Nashville." Connie britton , come back and see us soon. I will. Coming up, more stars. ', "opens up the road for of course Don Always the stipulation are in lead actress in a drama and you've got  Connie Britton  from  Friday Night Lights  Kathy Bates Julianna Margulies. Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely ", "the stipulation are in lead actress in a drama and you've got Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates Julianna Margulies. Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely love the good life with love ", "mad men won best drama fourth in a row but the brother and that's a good Julianna Margulies  Kyle Chandler  for the now canceled  Friday Night Lights . For modern family's Julie Bowen Ty Burrell who wondered whether they TV to win together they'll ", "a row but the brother and that's a good -- Julianna Margulies Kyle Chandler for the now canceled Friday Night Lights . For modern family's Julie Bowen Ty Burrell who wondered whether they -- -- TV -- to win -- together they'll never have ", "He's best known for his role as smash on  Friday Night Lights . Now Charles is guest starring on the smash hit than I was watching this show and had taken Ewing  Kyle Chandler . And Jason freedoms when the Emmys because it was ", 'he does than I was watching this show and had taken Ewing Kyle Chandler . And Jason freedoms when the Emmys because it was just so. Such a big celebration for everyone was you know part -- ', "for him. And for whom everything came a little too easy captain of the high school football team known for his  Friday Night Lights  victory. Catching a touchdown pass that's a true feeling how much of that defined who do you work everything ", "too easy captain of the high school football team known for his Friday Night Lights victory. Catching a touchdown pass that's a true feeling how much of that defined who do you work everything. That's what. He ", "for him. And for whom everything came a little too easy captain of the high school football team known for his  Friday Night Lights  victory. touchdown pass that's a true feeling how much of that defined who you work everything. He had good ", "too easy captain of the high school football team known for his Friday Night Lights victory. -- touchdown pass that's a true feeling how much of that defined who you work everything. -- -- -- He had ", "actors were nominated in their final chance to win an Emmy for their current roles.  Connie Britton  in has speedy back he's not in a drama  Friday Night Lights  on camera like a and Steve relentless sometimes starring role and I thought this was ", "in their final chance to win an Emmy for their current roles. Connie Britton in -- has speedy back he's not in a drama Friday Night Lights on camera like a and Steve relentless sometimes starring role and I thought this was nominated for best actor in a com. ", "saying the ravens on Sunday or Monday night later Thursday night. You'll there impact and high schools under under  Friday Night Lights . And that's a testimony to the connection feel to this city. You'll see players spending there Tuesday its ", "later Thursday night. You'll -- there impact and high schools under under Friday Night Lights . And that's a testimony to the connection -- feel to this city. You'll see players spending there Tuesday its normally they're only ", 'or many of them. Was he really a member of your family? Absolutely. Reporter: But "the blind side" meets " friday night lights " now meets the accused. Accused of raping a high school sophomore from across the river. A girl from a close-knit ', 'a member of your family? Absolutely. Reporter: But "the blind side" meets " friday night lights " now meets the accused. Accused of raping a high school sophomore from across the river. A girl from a close-knit family. The ', 'Steubenville typically makes headlines for touchdowns, not trials. A football-frenzied town straight out of " friday night lights ." We\'re going to play fast and we\'re going to take what we can get, gentlemen, you understand me? Let\'s ', 'makes headlines for touchdowns, not trials. A football-frenzied town straight out of " friday night lights ." We\'re going to play fast and we\'re going to take what we can get, gentlemen, you understand me? Let\'s show them what ', "not trials. The football frenzy straight out of  Friday Night Lights . Up until recently stupid claim to fame was being family. Testing lately first. Hindsight it's  Friday Night Lights  now the accused. Accused of a high school sophomore ", 'for -- touchdown not trials. The football frenzy -- straight out of Friday Night Lights . Up until recently stupid -- claim to fame was being the birthplace of Dean Martin. And former porn star Traci lords. In ', "he really -- -- -- your family. Testing lately first. Hindsight it's Friday Night Lights now -- the accused. Accused of -- a high school sophomore from across the river a girl from a close knit religious ", 'back while handcuffed. An incredible story with a hot new called Michael B Jordan right who everybody knows from  Friday Night Lights  in the wire. At every this was of the movie that I saw this year that got a standing things really went ever bought ', 'hot new -- called Michael B Jordan right who everybody knows from Friday Night Lights in the wire. At every this was of the movie that I saw this year that got a standing -- things really ', 'to affect our city all that much. But I have three boys, two of them -- I live in austin, texas, home of " friday night lights ." Football is like a religion there. My two oldest played football. I think the commissioner is basically ', 'boys, two of them -- I live in austin, texas, home of " friday night lights ." Football is like a religion there. My two oldest played football. I think the commissioner is basically, all he\'s done is window ', 'johnny football scored something else. It\'s game day, people. Reporter: His real life story plays out of " friday night lights ." The boy from a texas town who was passing the football when it was just as big as him. Is nearly 2 years old ', 'It\'s game day, people. Reporter: His real life story plays out of " friday night lights ." The boy from a texas town who was passing the football when it was just as big as him. Is nearly 2 ']