['before word his affair got out. Talk of romances with Brittanie Mountz, a model and restaurant hostess, as well as " CSI :  Miami " star Sofia Milos surrounded Newsome, who was elected as the city\'s youngest mayor in 100 years. However, his public ', 'Bravo\'s popular but shortlived "Step It Up and Dance" in 2008. Since then, she has starred on multiple episodes of " CSI :  Miami " and Showtime\'s "The L Word." Berkley, now 40, is married to designer Ralph Lauren\'s nephew, artist Greg Lauren ', 'Ian Harding, "Pretty Little Liars" Choice TV reality star: Pauly D Choice TV Actor, Action: Adam Rodriguez, " CSI :  Miami " Choice Movie, Comedy: "21 Jump Street" Choice Movie Actor, Drama: Zac Efron, "The Lucky One" Choice Actress ', 'Blood Anna Torv, Fringe Choice TV Show: Action Chuck  CSI :  Miami  Hawaii Five-O NCIS: Los Angeles Nikita Choice TV Actor Hawaii Five-O Zachary Levi, Chuck Adam Rodriguez,  CSI :  Miami  Shane West, Nikita Choice TV Actress: Action Lyndsy ', 'fighting the night Schmitz was ringside, said he was surprised by the allegations how Tucker was caught. "That\'s \' CSI Miami \' stuff," McKart told the Monroe Evening News , referring to the bloody swab. "That\'s just amazing."', 'who reportedly made more than $700,000 per episode this season, replaced Charlie Sheen last year. CBS cancelled " CSI :  Miami " and the first-year shows "Rob, Unforgettable," "NYC 22? and "A Gifted Man." The star of "A Gifted Man ', 'no-food-right-before-bed rule was meant for the nighttime nosher who mindlessly wolfs down a bag of Oreos while watching  CSI :  Miami . If you get home long after dark, a late dinner is perfectly fine. A calorie is a calorie, no matter what time you ', 'Berkley appeared in "Showgirls" and "The First Wives Club." She hosted Bravo\'s popular but shortlived "Step It Up and Dance" in 2008 and has since appeared on multiple episodes of " CSI :  Miami " and Showtime\'s "The L Word."', "Two and a Half Men 3. The Simpsons 4. Family Guy 5. South Park 6. Grey's Anatomy 7. SpongeBob SquarePants 8.  CSI :  Miami  9. iCarly 10. The Big Bang Theory Musicians 1. Rihanna 2. Bob Marley 3. Avril Lavigne 4. David Guetta 5. Enrique ", 'Bravo\'s popular but shortlived "Step It Up and Dance" in 2008. Since then, she has starred on multiple episodes of " CSI :  Miami " and Showtime\'s "The L Word." Berkley, now 37, is married to designer Ralph Lauren\'s nephew, artist Greg Lauren ', 'One Stop Carnival." Following "90210," he appeared in the sitcom "Freddie," starring Freddie Prinze Jr., and " CSI Miami ," before both were cancelled. He also had a recurring role in "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles." But these ', 'Bravo\'s popular but shortlived "Step It Up and Dance" in 2008. Since then, she has starred on multiple episodes of " CSI :  Miami " and Showtime\'s "The L Word." Berkley, now 37, is married to designer Ralph Lauren\'s nephew, artist Greg Lauren ', 'Omar Miller talks about his role as a crime scene investigator on the hit drama.', "do it off and she is about to return for season ten of  CSI Miami  and she. Is about to make a visit to her old stomping obviously we'll keep an for All My Children in September and  CSI Miami . September 25 huge success to you thanks and my agents ", 'it off and she is about to return for season ten of CSI Miami and she. Is about to make a visit to her old stomping grounds in pine valley on all my children and guess ', "obviously we'll keep an -- for All My Children in September and CSI Miami . September 25 huge success to you thanks and my agents don't much. That's a buzz we have for you today I'm Dan ", 'first round. That\'s what you need to do. Find out who this man is, what he\'s doing. You don\'t need to get " csi :  Miami " on him and go through all his facebook albums but if he\'s with pictures of a girl with a bikini. He\'s not serious ', 'who this man is, what he\'s doing. You don\'t need to get " csi : Miami " on him and go through all his facebook albums but if he\'s with pictures of a girl with a bikini. He\'s not ', "mother and want to. Thank governor has the details from Coral Gables man. Hey good morning George Willis is the real life  CSI Miami  mystery it's plot includes two murders blackmail jewel In a lot of intra family nastiness characters include. A voodoo ", "Coral Gables man. Hey good morning George Willis is the real life CSI Miami mystery it's plot includes two murders blackmail jewel -- In a lot of intra family nastiness characters include. A voodoo practicing former ", "little bit of a comic book geek but still has a lot to learn. And there's some bad news for actor adhesive Rihanna the  CSI Miami  actor has been dropped from the show and celebrated his 37 birthday on Wednesday. He only had ban on CSI for one year ", "to learn. And there's some bad news for actor adhesive Rihanna the CSI Miami actor has been dropped from the show -- -- and celebrated his 37 birthday on Wednesday. He only had ban on CSI ", "December. Normal college authority that out Jerry Bruckheimer produced sorcerer's apprentice and you are currently on  CSI Miami  also produced by Bruckheimer. What's it like working with him. It's great I actually have some. The interesting ", "that out Jerry Bruckheimer produced sorcerer's apprentice and you are currently on CSI Miami also produced by Bruckheimer. What's it like working with him. It's great I actually have some. The -- interesting photos of mr. ", 'Us justice saturation stated mobbed by law enforcement really a very dedicated quote end the media. Long before the  CSI Miami  seasonal TV shows long before Hollywood sexy. He was doing the work and explain to us and fish. Float was available ', 'enforcement really a very dedicated quote end the media. Long before the CSI Miami seasonal TV shows long before Hollywood -- sexy. He was doing the work and explain to us and -- -- -- fish. ']