['Bachelorette," ABC, 6.63 million. 14. "Big Brother 15" (Wednesday), CBS, 6.44 million. 15. " CSI :  Crime Scene Investigation ," CBS, 6.17 million. 16. "Two and a Half Men," CBS, 6.16 million. 17. "NCIS: Los Angeles ', 'Navin Jr. is 45. Actress-singer Jennifer Lopez is 44. Basketball player-turned-actor Rick Fox is 44. Actor  Eric Szmanda  (" CSI ") is 38. Actress Rose Byrne is 34. Country singer Jerrod Neimann is 34. Actress Summer Glau is 32. Actress ', '(CBS) " CSI " is becoming crime drama, " CSI :  Crime Scene Investigation ," CBS recently right and the  CSI  team have done joined the " CSI " cast for replacing  Laurence Fishburne . Danson plays Russell, the  CSI  supervisor ', 'actor on the television drama " CSI " is walking away from a charity pensions for its top officials.  Marg Helgenberger , who plays Catherine Willows on " CSI :  Crime Scene Investigation ," is featured in a video on ', 'TV roles: Mariska Hargitay and  Marg Helgenberger . The pair tie for third place Helgenberg has anchored the original  CSI  on CBS for 11 years now. In that former Cheers actor took over from  Laurence Fishburne , who had starred in the show for ', 'Actor and Iraq Veteran, Both Double Amputees, Lobby for Increased Biomedical ResearchSupport', "Jerry Bruckheimer on Casting Johnny Depp for 'Pirates of the Caribbean' and How the Second Film Was Almost a 'Disaster'", 'Armageddon" and "Pearl Harbor" are among them. He is also the producer for the long-running " CSI :  Crime Scene Investigation " television series and the critically-acclaimed reality series, "The Amazing Race." Bruckheimer explained ', 'forward to doing this as long I live." With him in Denver is  Jorja Fox , known for her role as Sara Sidle on " CSI ." Fox, who has been involved with ADI for five years ', 'spoke Aug. 16, and  Laurence Fishburne  told his daughter requests for comment.  Laurence Fishburne \'s Friends Buy Up surprise then that  Laurence Fishburne  is upset by his daughter\'s Do With It" and " CSI " will be watching ', 'Oscar-nominated actor  Laurence Fishburne  is speaking out, saying spoke Monday, and  Laurence Fishburne  told Montana, "I\'m Do With It" and " CSI " will be watching it as a positive."  Laurence Fishburne \'s Friends Buy Up ', 'problems than her dad\'s opposition to her porn premiere.  Laurence Fishburne  \'s 18-year-old daughter is being investigated for The Matrix," "What\'s Love Got to Do With It" and " CSI " will be watching his daughter\'s small-screen debut ', 'It\'s no surprise then that Oscar-nominated actor  Laurence Fishburne  is upset by his daughter Montana\'s decision to appear The Matrix," "What\'s Love Got to Do With It" and " CSI " will be watching his daughter\'s small screen debut ', 'and TV credits include "Six Days in Paradise," due in the fall, "Ripple Effect," "Las Vegas" and " CSI :  Crime Scene Investigation ." Most recently she competed in ABC\'s "The Superstars" teaming with Buffalo Bills NFL star Terrell Owens ', "Orlando looked we'll yet that lifetimes I feel it's. Four five lifetimes ago he remarkable and then of course of your post  CSI  raid like thousands. It was great it was really wonderful to have the opportunity. Two come into people's homes on a ", "five lifetimes ago he remarkable and then of course of your post CSI raid like thousands. It was great it was really wonderful to have the opportunity. Two come into people's homes on a regular ", 'an ABC exclusive. There were could be called IED  CSI .  Crime scene investigation  of improvised explosive devices. Looking for type cell phones the US started jamming. Now these ED  CSI  teams are finding new insurgent tricks. Pressure ', 'David -- with an ABC exclusive. There were could be called IED CSI . Crime scene investigation of improvised explosive devices. Looking for -- -- type of shrapnel fragmentation anything that may indicate some kind of military ordinance unlike ', 'in our offices by lieutenant colonel Tim archer. And  Robert David Hall  they are here to talk to us. About a series called preacher colonel tells him that He Carter. Robert Dana Altman  CSI  thanks guys for being here on top one leadership.', "here we're joined in our offices by lieutenant colonel Tim archer. And Robert David Hall they are here to talk to us. About a series called preacher research saves talking about disability issues as well as biomedical "]