["store in Nashville not long ago, so it was nice to get the buckle-shaped CMT Award from the fans. Lauren Alaina,  Casey James , Jana Kramer, Scotty McCreery, The Farm and Kip Moore all gave mini-performances on the CMT Music Awards' Nationwide ", 'Bowersox -- or, for that matter, third-place finisher  Casey James  -- to fade into obscurity just yet. DeWyze wrangled the of the evening\'s most memorable moments as he sang " Every Rose Has Its Thorn ," pouting dreamily alongside a suprisingly robust Bret ', 'And then there were two. In what was a surprise to few "American Idol" observers,  Casey James  was voted off the show tonight, leaving longtime favorites Crystal Bowersox and Lee DeWyze to battle it out for the ninth season ', "Performs on 'American Idol' Michael Lynche received the second-lowest vote-count of the week, confusing even  Casey James , a contestant whose awkward performance Tuesday night had him looking convinced he was going home. Just like the week ", 'songs ever, which is what this week was all about."  Casey James  James, 27, received much the same criticism that he performance was good. "He has the opposite problem of  Casey James ," Spahr said. "He has so much stage presence that ', 'hitting those big notes." Santilli believes Magnus will hit the bottom three, while Miller said she\'d be safe.  Casey James  James, 27, from Fort Worth, Texas, had a series of accidents that put his career in jeopardy. First, he had a ', 'mjsbigblog.com , told ABCNews.com . The notable exception, she said, was the tall blonde good-looking Texan  Casey James , who has gotten more attention for taking his shirt off during his audition than for his vocal prowess. DioGuardi ', 'The Pennsylvania senatorial candidate debate between Republican incumbent Rick Santorum and Democratic state auditor Bob Casey Jr. on Monday night had none of the rhetorical fireworks of the finger-pointing and antagonism displayed during their Oct. 12 showdown in Pittsburgh. Instead the two']