["Mohammed. The over the  South Park  action and how about and quit and quick.  South Park  cartoon like don't showing him. And  Trey Parker  and the other guy  Matt Stone  from south or point wherever it is that  South Park . A function of our ", "in -- -- all these different configurations showing without showing him. And Trey Parker and the other guy Matt Stone from south or point of getting a veiled death threat worthless and -- apparently didn't work today. How do we look at ", "controversy from  South Park  long running Harris reports  South Park  spoof of the show's creators  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  was have mercilessly we've been doing  South Park  we have never the episode.  South Park  is all about ", "Now to a new controversy from South Park long running cartoon series on Comedy Central. Shows managed to offend just about every group you can think of -- -- jokes now -- spark something more serious. As Dan Harris reports South Park spoof of the Prophet Mohammed is drawing death threats. So far the satirical cartoon hugely popular with young people is known for being deliberately. -- offensive. -- featured Jesus fighting Santa Claus Kagan on Jews and mormons and Scientologist. To. You name a sacred cow and the show's creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone was have -- -- mercilessly I think we've stood behind for ten years -- it's gotta all be okay -- -- But ", "created co created by  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  the guys who gave these  South Park  the guys who gave that can't help.  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  into the show great no you guys from  South Park  scored the movies ", "not and why is it not. Because it's created co created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone the guys who gave these South Park the guys who gave -- team America. The guys who have given you the most outrageous fun you can have in the ", "the potty duo behind  south park  at least they used to be. Now  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  somehow managed to Didn't they were the  South Park  guys  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  Robert commands a lot ", "Other best known as the potty -- duo behind south park at least they used to be. Now Trey Parker and Matt Stone somehow managed to turn a musical send up of Mormon is a mobile things into one of the biggest hits the bloom on Broadway. In the last decade here's ABC's Jake Tapper for our series it was a good year old. Didn't they were the South Park guys Matt Stone and Trey Parker Robert commands a lot more fun movie from. At the march premiere of the book of Mormon people I think at the ", 'could not back with that base.  Isaac Hayes  won an Oscar for the theme song comedic turn. As the voice of chef on  South Park  but. Juror but for comedian Bernie pneumonia He was only fifty years old  Isaac Hayes . With 65 the cause of his death ', 'wounded in the another who could not -- back with that base. Isaac Hayes won an Oscar for the theme song from shaft. Even performed on GMA. Later He too -- comedic turn. As the voice of chef on South Park but. Juror but for comedian Bernie Mac it was always about -- the kid from south side Chicago made it big on ', "died after a bout with pneumonia He was only fifty years old Isaac Hayes . With 65 the cause of his death not yet known. Flash be the first to know what's coming up on Good Morning ", 'Isaac Hayes  wants out of his " South Park " contract over Scientology concerns.', "potty mouth from  South Park . Yes believe it they were last this  South Park  guys  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker . I'm Robert a kids leadership of  South Park  has. Made fun of America world police  South Park  and elsewhere as ", "Or maybe the one about mormons by the potty mouth -- from South Park . Yes believe it or not the guys who redefined crude animation are the darlings of the theater district tonight from musical critics are calling sweet. -- heart warming. How did this happen -- Jake Tapper with tonight's seriously funny. But there they were last -- this South Park guys Matt Stone and Trey Parker . I'm Robert -- a lot more on the movie permanent. With the premier. The book of Mormon people I think at the ", 'for Comedy Central. And the willingness of creators  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  to take on every sacred cow. Is the reason for its Make may glendening. And the fictional town of  South Park  Colorado everything is fair game. Everything and ', 'in a gold mine for Comedy Central. And the willingness of creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker to take on every sacred cow. Is the reason for its success. Sure Karl Rove will come up with another complete stupid ', 'The cream of the  South Park  have brought their whole ready to again pass that. They had added the  South Park  yeah I am actually really appreciate mean. Case who quote directly with  Trey Parker  and choreographed show. Has really ', "we -- to do I mean. Case -- who quote directly with Trey Parker and choreographed show. Has really created a very traditional Broadway musical so we're doing all sorts. And you know shocked at how ", 'for little kids because it comes from stone and  Trey Parker  the creators of  South Park . And so imagine. The  South Park  musical on Broadway. Right it is outrageously ', "a show for little kids because it comes from -- stone and Trey Parker the creators of South Park . And so imagine. The South Park musical on Broadway. Right it is outrageously funny and you're smart I would imagine that that that's very smart it's. You know ", "hoping that the rate of Alexander get better up. Well.  Trey Parker  and Matt aren't a big fan of romantics rail lines lucky right right now now you mentioned the creators of  South Park  obviously how do you think this show compared. Other ", "guys hoping that the rate of Alexander get better -- up. Well. Trey Parker and Matt -- aren't a big fan of romantics rail lines. So there is a hint there is a hint of romance and there is you know a little bit of a lot trying. I think part of the fun is trying to figure out which one of these issue. Missionaries she's gonna end -- could gonna get lucky right -- right now -- now you mentioned the creators of South Park obviously how do you think this show compared. Other Broadway musicals. Lincoln as -- You know try and and that. There are "]