['There\'s no question about it." From Honey Boo Boo\'s star turn on "Toddlers and Tiaras" to the History channel\'s " Swamp People " and Animal Planet\'s "Hillbilly Handfishin,\'" "Buckwild" is the latest in a parade of country-fried shows ', 'everyone\'s prayers," he said. "Gator tours" have risen in popularity since a number of television shows such as " Swamp People " and "Cajun Justice" hit the airwaves. Alligator bites, however, are uncommon, particularly in the state of Florida ', 'everyone\'s prayers," he said. "Gator tours" have risen in popularity since a number of television shows such as " Swamp People " and "Cajun Justice" hit the airwaves. Alligator bites, however, are uncommon, particularly in the state of Florida ', 'Mitchell Guist , who stars on the television series " Swamp People ," died while on Waguespack confirmed. " Swamp People ," which airs on beloved member of the " Swamp People " family,  Mitchell Guist , has passed away ', 'Swamp People  Star in Jail for Allegedly Attacking appeared on the History reality series  Swamp People  is currently being held without bond in being a fugitive from another state.  Swamp People  documents the lives of alligator hunters ', 'a private company. Whiteley said more organizations that educate women and media coverage of hunting -- shows like  Swamp People  on the History Channel -- have contributed to those growing numbers. "In the past, it\'s been a men\'s sport ', "expression and quoted news that's why they call themselves  swamp people . It's how they out a way of life it's hardly changed that would do a for breakfast. But people. The season  swamp people  premieres tomorrow on the History Channel and.", "expression and quoted -- -- news -- that's why they call themselves swamp people . It's how they -- out a way of life it's hardly changed in hundreds of years. Good Morning America there's that would do -- -- -- a for breakfast. But people. -- -- -- The -- season swamp people premieres tomorrow on the History Channel and. ", 'crazy character. There\'s no question about it. Reporter: From "honey boo boo" from "toddler & tiaras." To " swamp people ," "buck wild" is the latest of country-fried shows of wild life below the mason dixon. "Buck wild\'s" cast ', 'about it. Reporter: From "honey boo boo" from "toddler & tiaras." To " swamp people ," "buck wild" is the latest of country-fried shows of wild life below the mason dixon. "Buck wild\'s" cast promises to offer up ', 'from hillbilly catfishing to rocket city rednecks. To  swamp people . Oh, and sometimes, it feels like honey boo boo is million viewers a pop. And the history channel\'s " swamp people ," averaged 4.2 million for its third season. These ', 'and you can go from hillbilly catfishing to rocket city rednecks. To swamp people . Oh, and sometimes, it feels like honey boo boo is on 24 hours a day. Or we wish she was. You better ', 'boo boo gets 2.4 million viewers a pop. And the history channel\'s " swamp people ," averaged 4.2 million for its third season. These numbers are very big for cable. And we\'re talking about, you know, shows that ']