['3rd All Pakistan Defence Housing Authority Karachi Cup Open Championship 2012 - Press Note issued', 'Pakistan Tennis Federation determined to host the Davis Cup tie between Pakistan and Philippines', "Navy SEALs during the raid that killed bin Laden in 2011 in Pakistan but the other side of this. Manning's lawyers are likely to continue to argue that Bradley Manning -- Manning's actions were not ", "causing more regional instability in places like tar four or in India Pakistan region in the Kashmir regions they wanna find ways of mitigating climate change. And they're investigating are -- possible ways of doing ", 'Three were wounded the to the killer got away. Ended up in Pakistan took the several years but you know one night he. Went to bed in his hotel room in Pakistan and the next thing he knew he was on a plane for the United States. Where he was tried and convicted next ', 'rights apparatus of the United Nations which currently includes and -- Congo Pakistan Venezuela. Has -- -- I really when I want the United Nations Human Rights Council to come in investigate. -- truck after ', 'girl. Of smearing the tell mom and urging her to return to Pakistan . Quote it is amazing that you were shouting for education pretending that you were -- due to education although this is not ', "Shiite Sunni civil war. -- going on through the Middle East from Pakistan to the Mediterranean. To -- The Iranians represented Texas central threat to Saudi Arabia they're conducting subversion among the Shiites in Saudi ", 'Gunmen attack vehicle carrying senior police officer in Pakistan , killing his guard, driver', 'Green Beret Robert Miller received a posthumous Medal of Honor after he was killed in an ambush in Afghanistan while moving through Kunar Province near the  Pakistan  border on Jan. 25, 2008.', 'A car bomb tore through a busy market in northwestern  Pakistan  killing 100 people as U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton visited the country and pledged American support for its campaign against Islamist militants.', 'Jan. 1: People transport a victim of a suicide bombing at a local hospital in Bannu,  Pakistan .  Pakistan  Violence', 'Oct. 15: People walk among the debris at the site of a bomb blast in Peshawar,  Pakistan . Peshawar Bombing']