['wife of more than five years. They have one child together.  Taylor Armstrong  In July 2011, the "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star filed for divorce from  Russell Armstrong , her husband of about six years and the father of her daughter ', 'was fired from the show, Grammer says it was her decision to leave the show and castmates Kim and Kyle Richards,  Taylor Armstrong , Lisa Vanderpump and Adrienne Maloof behind. "I gave them [Bravo producers] a list of things I didn\'t want ', 'not committed to continuing with the show, did not appear with Kyle or the other main "Housewives" co-stars -  Taylor Armstrong , Camille Grammer, Adrienne Maloof and Lisa Vanderpump - and newbies, Brandi Glanville and Dana Wilkie - in the ', 'wives would make me consider it."  Russell Armstrong  was tackling personal demons when he Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star  Taylor Armstrong , had just filed for divorce and there celebrities were tweeting out condolences to  Taylor  and her family but upon hearing about ', 'Taylor Armstrong \'s memoir will be published in February. Why is "Real Housewife"  Taylor Armstrong  telling her story now? Because suicide of her estranged husband,  Russell Armstrong , she feared for her life and her ', 'antidepressant medications. The season premiere of the series made headlines earlier this year when "Real Housewife"  Taylor Armstrong \'s estranged husband Russell committed suicide in Augus t .', 'Hills" star  Taylor Armstrong \'s husband,  Russell Armstrong , put the Advice to  Taylor Armstrong  The couple\'s his death,  Russell Armstrong \'s friends exploitation of  Russell Armstrong \'s reputation death did  Taylor Armstrong  file a police ', 'recent suicide of cast member  Taylor Armstrong \'s husband  Russell Armstrong . Monday night\'s season course all hearts went out to  Taylor ," Ross said. "But we circumstances." Though  Taylor Armstrong  did not appear on the season ', "three weeks after  Russell Armstrong 's suicide . Armstrong husband of housewife  Taylor Armstrong , was found dead Vanderpump, who said  Taylor Armstrong  is still trying their marital woes,  Taylor Armstrong  had said she still ", "with footage of  Russell Armstrong  edited out in respect to  Taylor  and the family cast member  Taylor Armstrong , was a suicide then-wife,  Taylor .  Armstrong , portrayed second season.  Taylor  filed for divorce 18-year-old son of  Russell Armstrong 's sister also blamed  Taylor Armstrong  for adding to ", "'Real Housewives' Debuts New Season After Suicide of Taylor Armstrong's  Husband, Russell", "with the suicide of  Taylor Armstrong 's estranged husband horrific suicide of  Russell Armstrong . I mean there's three weeks after  Taylor Armstrong  estranged husband have been edited but  Taylor  story will continue ", "taped on August 20 ninth and dealt directly with the suicide of Taylor Armstrong's estranged husband Russell. The housewives can be seen sitting together sharing their very emotional reactions to the tragedy. The rest of the ", "have. Last night's controversial episode aired on Bravo just three weeks after Taylor Armstrong estranged husband took his life. They think it's the right decision to continue -- decided that makes some changes in -- -- ", "suffered at the hands of husband  Russell Armstrong . I mean by the neck and shut me a vegetable again on Kelley and.  Russell Armstrong 's attorney issued a statement slamming in part shameful exploitation of  Russell Armstrong 's reputation by others. Races ", "some of the alleged abuse she suffered at the hands of husband Russell Armstrong . I mean by the neck and shut me up against the -- any sense. He ever made my children at pizza without a vegetable again on Kelley and. Russell Armstrong's attorney issued a statement slamming -- interview and question her motives it reads in part shameful exploitation of Russell Armstrong's reputation by others. Races numerous ethical legal questions about tabloid journalism. The motive behind her attempts to connect those photos with abused by Russell Armstrong simple allegation increased the market value of those votes. ", "Taylor  and  Russell Armstrong 's marriage Police say  Russell Armstrong  hanged himself darker reality  Taylor Armstrong  told People rallying around  Taylor Armstrong  and the couple's online reports  Russell Armstrong  told a friend ", "didn't seem to get along to say the least. But it appears Russell Armstrong's problems -- even deeper than what we saw on the show. His lawyer says He was drowning in debt trying to support the real housewives lifestyle. Millions watched Taylor and Russell Armstrong's marriage unraveled on the real housewives of Beverly Hills and -- it. When He says it's time now it's generally timing the Cecil Jackson Eisner's relationship. He was accused of being controlling and she just filed for divorce citing physical and verbal abuse Los Angeles Police say Russell Armstrong hanged himself in this mansion at the age of 47 -- real housewives of Beverly -- husband found -- TMC is reporting the famous housewife helped discover the body. Behind the couples on air spats wasn't even darker reality Taylor Armstrong told People Magazine in July quote I felt like I was dying inside. She claimed her husband would grab her and pulled ", "about to start. -- like breaking the real housewives are rallying around Taylor Armstrong and the couple's young daughter Kennedy. Radar online reports Russell Armstrong told a friend of the days before He died that reality TV had quote destroyed his life from a had no comment ", 'real housewives of Beverly Hills star  Taylor Armstrong  has been found dead. Authorities found 47 year old  Russell Armstrong  late Monday night in is selling home Armstrong  an investment banker and  Taylor  were in the middle of the divorce ', "of reality television. Husband of the real housewives of Beverly Hills star Taylor Armstrong has been found dead. Authorities found 47 year old Russell Armstrong late Monday night in is selling home he's a died from hanging no suicide note was found. Russell Armstrong an investment banker and Taylor were in the middle of the divorce. ", "eight so. It's something I a little sad  Taylor  from the real housewives of Beverly Hills but she she was telling the girls. And  Taylor  was just really in a vulnerable stage like I said I hope that can help somebody  Taylor  doing now at this point in time she's ", "-- revenue fell eight so. It's something I -- a little sad Taylor from the real housewives of Beverly Hills -- really had a bit of a rough time. She dead -- last night in the episode. She basically had a meltdown. And the reason was is that Camille had really let it out that she was being abused at this but she -- she was telling the girls. And Taylor was just really in a vulnerable stage -- was very hard to -- you know we have talked about before how this ", "like I said I hope that can help somebody -- -- -- Taylor doing now at this point in time she's doing better obviously mean with CNET yeah these episodes and is difficult but she's ", "Real housewives of Beverly Hills star  Taylor Armstrong  is telling her story. She's writing a book called hiding from reality my story of love loss and finding the courage within ", "Real housewives of Beverly Hills star Taylor Armstrong is telling her story. She's writing a book called hiding from reality my story of love loss and finding the courage within. ", "address. The issue of the suicide if  Taylor Armstrong  her estranged husband. Did they They were really concerned about  Taylor  and her daughter you're really deteriorating marriage between Russell and  Taylor . So these is a big storyline that ", "see how the show would address. The issue of the suicide if Taylor Armstrong her estranged husband. Did they managed to strike the right town because a lot of people were really really waiting to see what Bravo is gonna do. Yet they did it strike the right tone in the beginning of the show you saw the women going to -- the -- home. And discussing what happened. They were really concerned about Taylor and her daughter you're really heartfelt about the whole situation. And many of them are crying they were very emotional so. I "]