["In HBO's hot new drama of  the newsroom Emily Mortimer  plays an idealist and veteran producer who returns may just loved to hate Should lead anchor played by  Jeff Daniels  I want to show everybody clip on YouTube and your ", 'you may just loved to hate -- Should lead anchor played by Jeff Daniels -- I want to show everybody clip on YouTube and your relationship. I think most people here know that you and I ', 'in a drama series and the nominees are. Hugh Bonneville Downton Abbey. Bryan Cranston breaking bad and think  Jeff Daniels the newsroom . Jon Hamm mad men Damione Lewis homeland. And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The nominees for lead actress in ', 'are. Hugh Bonneville Downton Abbey. Bryan Cranston breaking bad and -- think Jeff Daniels the newsroom Jon Hamm mad men -- Damione Lewis homeland. And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The nominees for lead actress in a drama ', "Daniels Optimistic, But Will Believe a 'Dumb and Dumber' Sequel 'When He Sees It'", 'I say something wrong. And something you said about  aaron sorkin . He does flawed characters very well. will McAvoy How about a teedz? A tease, yeah. The new season of " the newsroom " this sunday night on hbo. Take the next tease, will ', 'getting back together, I say something wrong. And something you said about aaron sorkin . He does flawed characters very well. will McAvoy, very flawed. But some characters. I remember with "terms of endearment," I cheat on ', "Alison Pill  she is a star of the you guys watch that show here she is well. Good picture didn't exactly look like that she accidentally ", "Alison Pill she is a star of the -- -- you guys watch that show here she is well. Good picture didn't exactly look ", "Sex the City named Charlotte yes who's dating  Aaron Sorkin  creator of  the newsroom  live which you love. Well they split and is she You can really. That's. The question was in  the newsroom  straight to absorb it really is a master of this ", "Kristin Davis from Sex -- the City named Charlotte yes who's dating Aaron Sorkin creator of the newsroom live which you love. Well they -- split and is she doesn't appear heartbroken she got a big smile for the cameras "]