['  F-SecureShakespeare nailed Android\'s current dilemma in "Henry IV": "Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown." Since 2011, Android\'s share of the worldwide smartphone market has  skyrocketed from 49.2 percent to 68.8 percent. That success has not been  unqualified, though: a staggering 79 percent of all malware on mobile  devices targets Android machines. This information  comes by way of a report from Finland-based F-Secure Response Labs, which monitors  digital threats around the world and keeps wary consumers informed and  protected. The report states that while threat levels on BlackBerry, Windows Phone  and Apple\'s iOS are relatively stable, Android\'s potential hazards have  been multiplying at an alarming rate. The most prominent risk comes in the form of premium SMS scams. These  rogue programs are simple and often quite insidious. By masquerading as  legitimate apps (such as "Angry Birds" or Instagram), premium SMS  malware often installs a working version of the program, but one that  requests permissions well in excess of what is normally required. Gaining access to a user\'s credit card information, these programs then  subscribe to costly messaging or subscription services, putting money  directly into scammers\' pockets. Other popular Android hacks include banking Trojans,  and anyone using a banking app should be watchful for this kind of  malware. To make online banking possible, banks provide users with an  authentication number, which is then saved in the phone\'s cache. [See  also: 10 Tips to Keep Your Android Phone Safe] When hackers get their hands on these numbers, conducting seemingly  legal transfers of money into shady accounts is simplicity itself. Last  year, one particularly invasive Trojan called Eurograbber robbed users  of over $47 million. Android\'s rise in market prominence and its malware woes are linked,  but a 20 percent increase in market strength does not explain a 200  percent increase in harmful software. In this case, Android\'s greatest  strength is also its Achilles heel. The platform is considerably more open  and developer-friendly than its iOS competitor. While this gives  Android operators more freedom in installing apps and modifying a  phone\'s user interface, it also makes the operating system a much easier  target for hackers. Luckily, keeping Android phones safe is no more difficult than  protecting home computers. When downloading new apps, be sure that  you\'re getting the official version. Don\'t open strange messages or follow questionable links. If you  observe any strange program behavior, clear your cache, invest in some  mobile anti-virus software or consult your wireless provider. If everyday users play it smart with their Android phones, F Secure\'s next report should include much more promising data.The Top 10 Threats to Your SmartphoneVideo: Watch the Meteoric Rise of Android-Powered Devices2013 Best Android Phone Reviews and Comparisons', 'Copyright 2013 TechNewsDaily, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.']