['for her role on the show. She also directed two episodes. Franklin recently appeared on the CBS soap opera " The Young and the Restless ." In 2011, she reunited with her "One Day at a Time" co-star Bertinelli in an episode of "Hot in Cleveland ', 'was a fan of their television shows. Barton is known for his role as Dr. Scott Grainger in the soap opera " The Young and the Restless " from 1987 to 1993. Brophy was in the 1977 show "Lucan." Fulk had a poster from the show on the wall of ', 'love and sweet prayers to my \'mom.\' The incomparable Bonnie Franklin," Phillips tweeted Monday Franklin recently appeared on Bertinelli\'s TV Land comedy, "Hot in Cleveland," and the CBS soap opera " The Young and the Restless ."', 'Los Angeles hospital after a successful open heart surgery. Page, who also portrays Reed on the CBS soap " The Young and the Restless ," was released Monday, according to a Children\'s Hospital Los Angeles spokesperson. The young actor, who ', 'his dad\'s car and skyrocket to stardom. Now, the 7-year-old actor, who appears on the CBS soap opera " The Young and the Restless ," is mustering all the courage he has as he prepares to undergo open heart surgery on Thursday. When asked ', 'boyfriend and season 5 "Idol" finalist Ace Young. Her rave performances on stage earned her a spot on the soap, " The Young and the Restless ," where she plays Angelina, the daughter of resident mobster, Angelo. Lee DeWyze Lee DeWyze has the dubious ', 'By MICHAEL FALCONE (@michaelpfalcone) and AMY WALTER (@amyewalter) NOTABLES: YOUTH AND INDECISION : Obama heading to swing state college campuses today, and for good reason. While polls show he leads Mitt Romney among young voters, enthusiasm for the president among this group has toppled since...', 'Guiding Light" and " The Young and the Restless ." ABC\'s "All My fans remember her for.  David Hasselhoff  "Baywatch" star  David Hasselhoff  began his acting career Snapper" Foster Jr. on " The Young and the Restless " from 1975-1982.', 'did other soaps like " The Young and the Restless " and "Knots Landing The New Beginning."  David Hasselhoff David Hasselhoff  began his acting career Snapper" Foster Jr. on " The Young and the Restless " from 1975-1982 ', 'David Hasselhoff \'s new father-daughter reality William "Snapper" Foster, Jr. on " The Young and the Restless ." He\'s also said to have an A remains a massive star in Germany. " David Hasselhoff \'s career has become such a huge ', 'The jokes were on  David Hasselhoff  -- and this time, he was Snapper" Foster, Jr. on " The Young and the Restless ." He\'s also said to have number one song in the 1990s. " David Hasselhoff \'s career has become such ', 'The jokes are on  David Hasselhoff  -- and this time he\'s laughing Snapper" Foster, Jr. on " The Young and the Restless ." He\'s also said to have number one song in the 1990s. " David Hasselhoff \'s career has become such ', 'syndication, thanks to  David Hasselhoff  \'s heroics and use the paycheck.  David Hasselhoff  Hasselhoff\'s Mitch Foster, Jr. on " The Young and the Restless ," a character General Hospital," " The Young and the Restless ," and up until ', "That happens getting some sad news from the world of soap operas young and restless star in four years old  Jeanne Cooper . And asked why 084. Years old her son Corbin Bernsen talked all about it just said what a wonderful woman she is that he's ", 'world of soap operas young and restless star in four years old Jeanne Cooper . And asked why 084. Years old her son Corbin Bernsen -- talked all about it just said what a wonderful woman she ', 'life to live," abc, " the young and the restless ," cbs, now, ladies and michelle stafford in " the young and the restless " and last but not least Michael muhney of " the young and the restless ." Jason thompson as patrick ', 'categories have been read. "General hospital," abc, "one life to live," abc, " the young and the restless cbs, now, ladies and gentlemen, your applause. you know, robin, this is the first year that all five soaps have been nominated ', 'Bad girl. peggy McCay from "days of our lives," michelle stafford in " the young and the restless and last but not least, heather tom of the "the bold and the beautiful." Good luck, ladies. And now for the men of daytime tv. Yeah, there you go. No. Really, again? No way I\'m following that. Do it with your game show face. The nominees for outstanding lead actor in a drama that series are peter bergman as jack abbott of the " the young and the restless cbs. Doug davidson, paul williams of the " the young and the restless Michael muhney of " the young and the restless Jason thompson as patrick drake, "general hospital." Oh. No, no, no. Come on. Keep going, keep going. All: Sam, sam, sam, sam, ', 'we go. Julie marie berman from "general hospital," melissa claire egan from " the young and the restless jessica collins from the " the young and the restless katherine kelly lang of the "the bold and the beautiful" and arianne sucker of "days of our lives." She\'s been a long ', 'from pancreatic cancer she announced her diagnosis back in September. Franklin recently appeared on the soap  the Young and the Restless  and the sitcom hot in Cleveland. But she was best known as a single mom and Romano on the sitcom one day at ', 'announced her diagnosis back in September. Franklin recently appeared on the soap the Young and the Restless and the sitcom hot in Cleveland. But she was best known as a single mom and Romano on the sitcom one day ', 'It is  the Young and the Restless  twenty somethings who are either married or in committed relationships. Who say their unions are more secure and more honest ', 'It is the Young and the Restless twenty somethings who are either married or in committed relationships. Who say their unions are more secure and more honest. Because they ', "forty what you Protestant. The fact that I'm able to. Yes she always talked about miss chancellor grown up on  the Young and the Restless  suspect if I can live like miss have a house and haven't made in she has all those things so that is my. Proudest ", "-- -- Yes she always talked about miss chancellor grown up on the Young and the Restless suspect if I can live like miss -- -- have a house and haven't made in -- she has all those things ", "definitely draws them close. Perhaps the most recognized son is steep and actor who appeared on the soap opera  the Young and the Restless  in the 1980s. That's what this is all about because I was nice to And then on movies like when Harry met Sally ", "-- son is steep and actor who appeared on the soap opera the Young and the Restless in the 1980s. That's what this is all about because I was nice to -- And then on -- movies like when "]