['Cooper played Katherine Chancellor on "The Young and the Restless" for nearly four decades.', 'life to live," abc, " the young and the restless ," cbs, now, ladies and michelle stafford in " the young and the restless " and last but not least Michael muhney of " the young and the restless ." Jason thompson as patrick ', 'categories have been read. "General hospital," abc, "one life to live," abc, " the young and the restless cbs, now, ladies and gentlemen, your applause. you know, robin, this is the first year that all five soaps have been nominated ', 'Bad girl. peggy McCay from "days of our lives," michelle stafford in " the young and the restless and last but not least, heather tom of the "the bold and the beautiful." Good luck, ladies. And now for the men of daytime tv. Yeah, there you go. No. Really, again? No way I\'m following that. Do it with your game show face. The nominees for outstanding lead actor in a drama that series are peter bergman as jack abbott of the " the young and the restless cbs. Doug davidson, paul williams of the " the young and the restless Michael muhney of " the young and the restless Jason thompson as patrick drake, "general hospital." Oh. No, no, no. Come on. Keep going, keep going. All: Sam, sam, sam, sam, ', 'we go. Julie marie berman from "general hospital," melissa claire egan from " the young and the restless jessica collins from the " the young and the restless katherine kelly lang of the "the bold and the beautiful" and arianne sucker of "days of our lives." She\'s been a long ', 'from pancreatic cancer she announced her diagnosis back in September. Franklin recently appeared on the soap  the Young and the Restless  and the sitcom hot in Cleveland. But she was best known as a single mom and Romano on the sitcom one day at ', 'announced her diagnosis back in September. Franklin recently appeared on the soap the Young and the Restless and the sitcom hot in Cleveland. But she was best known as a single mom and Romano on the sitcom one day ', 'It is  the Young and the Restless  twenty somethings who are either married or in committed relationships. Who say their unions are more secure and more honest ', 'It is the Young and the Restless twenty somethings who are either married or in committed relationships. Who say their unions are more secure and more honest. Because they ', "forty what you Protestant. The fact that I'm able to. Yes she always talked about miss chancellor grown up on  the Young and the Restless  suspect if I can live like miss have a house and haven't made in she has all those things so that is my. Proudest ", "-- -- Yes she always talked about miss chancellor grown up on the Young and the Restless suspect if I can live like miss -- -- have a house and haven't made in -- she has all those things ", "definitely draws them close. Perhaps the most recognized son is steep and actor who appeared on the soap opera  the Young and the Restless  in the 1980s. That's what this is all about because I was nice to And then on movies like when Harry met Sally ", "-- son is steep and actor who appeared on the soap opera the Young and the Restless in the 1980s. That's what this is all about because I was nice to -- And then on -- movies like when "]