['is 67. Singer-bassist Geddy Lee of Rush is 60. Documentary maker Ken Burns is 60. TV personality Tim Gunn (" Project Runway ") is 60. Singer Patti Scialfa with Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band is 60. Actress Alexandra Paul ("Baywatch ', 'Undercover Boss," CBS. Reality-Competition Program: "The Amazing Race," CBS; "Dancing With the Stars," ABC; " Project Runway ," Lifetime; "So You Think You Can Dance," FOX; "Top Chef," Bravo; "The Voice," NBC. Variety Series ', 'Reality-Competition Program Amazing Race Dancing With the Stars  Project Runway  So You Think You Can Dance Top Chef The Voice Host You Think You Can Dance Heidi Klum and Tim Gunn,  Project Runway  Ryan Seacrest, American Idol Betty White, Betty ', 'Lady Liberty. More on the rankings here . Nude " Project Runway " Billboard: You\'re Out Auf Wiedersehen to the with nude models advertising the upcoming season of " Project Runway ." As they say in fashion, one day you\'re in ', 'Now, she\'s doing it for fun! Heidi Klum is removing her "Seal" tattoo While on a trip to the Bahamas, the " Project Runway " host, 40, got her hair braided, and showed off the Bo Derek-inspired look on Instagram July 6. However, it ', 'about the supermodel\'s family Now, Klum is dating Martin Kristen, who formerly worked as a bodyguard for the " Project Runway " host. "I trust him with my children\'s life," she told Katie Couric last fall . "He\'s a great man and recently ', 'Image Credit: Splash News) Heidi Klum has a lot on her plate. Not only is she the busy mother of four, but the " Project Runway " host also has her own children\'s line with Babies \'R\' Us, Truly Scrumptious, while recently partnering with ', 'breakfast. "Some of my kids don\'t love it so I decided I would pay them a dollar if they finish their drink," the " Project Runway " judge said. "All of the money goes into their piggy banks, they have collected a bunch of money since January ', 'on occasion. In this case, a golden ice cream bar was the catalyst for an elaborate 24K gold dress designed by " Project Runway " judge Zac Posen. The $1.5 million dress was announced in conjunction with the launch of Magnum Gold, an ice ', 'Klum Says She\'ll Never Marry Again Pictures of the incident were posted in ETonline.com , and they show the " Project Runway " host pulling her son, Henry, from the roiling waters. Klum also ended up rescuing two of her nannies who\'d ', 'Ashley Greene kicked off the day\'s events, while "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit\'s" Mariska Hargitay and " Project Runway \'s" Tim Gunn played roles later on. Greene spoke at a Senate briefing about findings of a recent survey on dating ', 'Getty Images. Though Heidi Klum appears to be smitten with her bodyguard turned boyfriend Martin Kirsten, the " Project Runway " host doesn\'t plan to walk down the aisle anytime soon - or ever. In the February issue of Marie Claire , Klum ', 'something more traditional: a jewel toned red called The Queen\'s Might, part of L\'Oreal\'s new collection with " Project Runway ." "It gives you that kind of classic feel," he said. "But at the same time, by being on trend, it shows that ', 'We\'ve been saying it\'s hard to believe that " project runway " is kicking off its 12th fabulous season. It has a new cast of designers. Give it up for the hosts, heidi klum, tim gunn ', 'We\'ve been saying it\'s hard to believe that " project runway " is kicking off its 12th fabulous season. It has a new cast of designers. Give it up for the hosts, heidi klum, ', 'this morning and so we did the we have to start a  Project Runway  on. And so I saw them getting ready for the shot but you know what was prominently featured on the  Project Runway . The storm data are at least this way that guy at ', "this morning and so we did the we have to start a Project Runway on. And so I saw them getting ready for the shot and -- -- Jennifer about fifteen minutes terrified that she was -- behind Robin. While they did the training and our lovely normally -- this well -- luckily our. And -- the -- in the orange it's gorgeous color it's perfect for the season indeed but you know what was prominently featured on the Project Runway . The storm data are at least this way that -- guy at minus that is reminiscent of a tablecloth but -- -- ", 'Deeley So You Think You Can Dance. Heidi and Tim  Project Runway . Ryan Seacrest American Idol. And Betty White Betty The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing With The Stars.  Project Runway . So You Think You Can Dance. Top chef. And the ', "Deeley So You Think You Can Dance. Heidi -- and Tim -- Project Runway . Ryan Seacrest American Idol. And Betty White Betty white's off their rockers. Betty White -- I -- finally. The nominees for lead ", 'for reality competition program. The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway . So You Think You Can Dance. Top chef. And the voice. The nominees for a variety series are. The col -- reports. ', 'handbags, chic and exclusive, adorning the arms of hollywood celebrities. Now, the luxury designer who judged " project runway ," is asking a real-life judge to weigh in. Michael kors is suing costco for allegedly falsely advertising its ', 'adorning the arms of hollywood celebrities. Now, the luxury designer who judged " project runway ," is asking a real-life judge to weigh in. Michael kors is suing costco for allegedly falsely advertising its bags for at least ', "this. Okay including got a to show you Heidi Our already obviously she's rolling out her new season season twelve  Project Runway . But she's doing it with an advertisement Isis isn't billboard. It's been Little too racy for a Los Angeles ", "-- already -- obviously she's rolling out her new season season twelve Project Runway . But she's doing it with an advertisement -- Isis isn't billboard. It's been -- Little too racy for a Los Angeles if ", "They're coming out on saturday. I'm going to be here for seven weeks. Promotes mistresses and I'm the host of  project runway  all-stars. That's great. Let's talk about the show. You said I don't want to be on a show that glamorizes ", "be here for seven weeks. Promotes mistresses and I'm the host of project runway all-stars. That's great. Let's talk about the show. You said I don't want to be on a show that glamorizes adultery. That ", 'friend, tim gunn, and the newest judge to join " project runway " superstar zac posen. The show kicks off the 11th Thank you both for joiningus. The new season of " project runway " premiers tomorrow night on lifetime. Don\'t miss ', 'friend, tim gunn, and the newest judge to join " project runway " superstar zac posen. The show kicks off the 11th season tomorrow. Gentlemen, welcome. Thanks for being with us. Zac, why dou decide ', 'we can\'t wait. Thank you both for joiningus. The new season of " project runway " premiers tomorrow night on lifetime. Don\'t miss it. ']