['Drug store products to fast food: Kyle Richards goes beyond "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills."', 'artist. Instead of going to morocco we bring morocco here. Reporter: Hadid has regularly appear "the  real housewives of beverly hills " and is reportedly worth $100 million and now he\'s looking for a knockout. In new courtents he asks ', 'to morocco we bring morocco here. Reporter: Hadid has regularly appear "the real housewives of beverly hills " and is reportedly worth $100 million and now he\'s looking for a knockout. In new courtents he asks for a temporarily restraining ', "would web. Make they again these that there but it was only after she crossed swords with other wealthy  real housewives of Beverly Hills . That pump became both rich and famous in I was very sensitive and I don't you have independent health ", "-- but it was only after she crossed swords with other wealthy real housewives of Beverly Hills . That -- pump became both rich and famous in -- I was very sensitive and I don't you have independent health but ", "I would web. Good luck and great again these but it was only after she crossed swords with other wealthy  real housewives of Beverly Hills . That vendor pump became both rich and famous he knew I was very sensitive and I don't you have but however ", "-- but it was only after she crossed swords with other wealthy real housewives of Beverly Hills . That vendor pump became both rich and famous he knew I was very sensitive and I don't you have -- -- -- ", "ABC's Judy check. Could this really be the secret to a happy family. Kyle Richards star brought those  real housewives of Beverly Hills  and wound to Or is this a secret sweating it out with my three sons Or maybe it's this. Yeah. A more ", "secret to a happy family. -- -- Kyle Richards star brought those real housewives of Beverly Hills and -- wound to -- -- Or is this a secret sweating it out with my three sons -- Or maybe it's ", 'discovers the secrets to help your family\'s chaos. Reporter: Is it possible for a star of bravo\'s " real housewives of beverly hills ," to create a happy family? How real could your family life be when you\'re a reality show star? I mean ', 'your family\'s chaos. Reporter: Is it possible for a star of bravo\'s " real housewives of beverly hills ," to create a happy family? How real could your family life be when you\'re a reality show star? I mean, very real. ', "watch New York yeah of course record New York don't in front of any cards necessary that behind the up.  Real housewives of Beverly Hills  Brandi Glanville Isabel is brought this story as I have been more twists and earnings than absolutely added ", 'in front of any cards necessary that -- behind the -- up. Real housewives of Beverly Hills Brandi Glanville Isabel is brought this story as I have been more twists and earnings than absolutely -- -- -- added details ', 'contentious end of their marriage played out for the world to see. On bravo\'s hit reality series, "the  real housewives of beverly hills ." It\'s time to come out from my husband\'s shadow and shine. Reporter: Camille grammer, then-husband ', 'out for the world to see. On bravo\'s hit reality series, "the real housewives of beverly hills ." It\'s time to come out from my husband\'s shadow and shine. Reporter: Camille grammer, then-husband kelsey grammer, accusing her of infidelity. It\'s ', 'Pippa middleton, celebrate. Oh, my god. Is it a new book? Reporter: Kevin lee is party planner ff "the  real housewives of beverly hills ." Will pippa\'s simple pleasures fly in l.A.? You can\'t have always a glamorous lifestyle. I love ', 'it a new book? Reporter: Kevin lee is party planner ff "the real housewives of beverly hills ." Will pippa\'s simple pleasures fly in l.A.? You can\'t have always a glamorous lifestyle. I love it. Reporter: That\'s a thumbs up. ', "big theme that the players. It is our lead yeah. That's the Marlins yeah little woman yeah. Don't  real housewives of Beverly Hills  season premiere Monday night they go back out.", "our lead yeah. That's the Marlins -- yeah little woman yeah. Don't real housewives of Beverly Hills season premiere Monday night they go back out. ", "Welcome back everybody time for a jam packed Tuesday's. post holiday here. Beverly how  real housewives of Beverly Hills  premiere last of course we talk about this for several weeks the suicide of perform strong. And it did address ", "for a jam packed Tuesday's. -- post holiday here. -- Beverly how real housewives of Beverly Hills premiere last -- of course we talk about this for several weeks the suicide of -- perform strong. And it did address ", "big soup that's going on and we thanks for joining us thanks for having thoroughly affairs talk about the  real housewives of Beverly Hills  a bit of a breakdown from him last night. Back the money to reaction to this clip let's take a look Love ", "thanks for having -- thoroughly -- affairs -- -- talk about the real housewives of Beverly Hills a bit of a breakdown from him last night. Back the money to reaction to this clip let's take a look -- ", "reality TV the husband of the cast member on the  real housewives of Beverly Hills . Committed suicide and people are asking that story. I would do two viewers and their  real housewives of Beverly Hills  Russell Armstrong's marital problems were ", "appetite for reality TV the husband of the cast member on the real housewives of Beverly Hills . Committed suicide and people are asking whether the show played any role. ABC's Dan Harris has that story. I would do two viewers and their real housewives of Beverly Hills Russell Armstrong's marital problems were abundantly clear here. When he's dozens and now it's generally -- yeah. -- -- -- -- -- ", '" Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " star reveals why she\'s leaving popular show.', "the glamorous wife and mother of four on the  real housewives of Beverly Hills  to talk about Kyle Richards she's here live Israel joining us now talk more about the  real housewives of Beverly Hills  and her new book which is called is not a ", "know her as the glamorous wife and mother of four on the real housewives of Beverly Hills to talk about Kyle Richards she's here live with us this morning to help you start. The new year with style -- ", "back yet. -- -- Israel joining us now talk more about the real housewives of Beverly Hills and her new book which is called -- is not a reality -- the show is Kyle Richards. There's something good to ", 'We Begin breaking news in the world of reality television. Husband of the  real housewives of Beverly Hills  star Taylor Armstrong has been found dead. Authorities found 47 year old Russell Armstrong late Monday night in is selling home ', "Begin breaking news in the world of reality television. Husband of the real housewives of Beverly Hills star Taylor Armstrong has been found dead. Authorities found 47 year old Russell Armstrong late Monday night in is selling home he's ", "is very sad tragedy in world of reality TV. We're so long as strong as a suicidal husband's from the  real housewives of Beverly Hills  is a new details starting to kind of come out about. What exactly happened here apparently his wife Taylor ", "TV. We're so long as strong as a suicidal husband's from the real housewives of Beverly Hills is a new details starting to kind of come out about. What exactly happened here apparently his wife Taylor Armstrong according to ", 'Russell Armstrong the husband of one of the  real housewives of Beverly Hills . New charges now that the show pushed him middle of shooting a second season of the  real housewives of Beverly Hills . Much of her story line is centered around ', 'of reality TV star Russell Armstrong the husband of one of the real housewives of Beverly Hills . New charges now that the show pushed him over the edge and real questions about whether the show should air his plan ', "Armstrong is in the middle of shooting a second season of the real housewives of Beverly Hills . Much of her story line is centered around their turbulent relationship. -- feel like breaking his family believes Taylor's extravagant Beverly Hills ", "really has been in the makes sure the last couple of days that suicide about reform strong. star of that  real housewives of Beverly Hills  show. And really now the mom is speaking out and she's not mincing words He basically saying look Bravo ", "couple of days that suicide about reform strong. -- star of that real housewives of Beverly Hills show. And really now the mom is speaking out and she's not mincing words He basically saying look -- Bravo -- any ", "The more somber note here we talking several weeks now about the Russell Armstrong suicide husband for  real housewives of Beverly Hills  so. We're getting a little better somehow rob was gonna handle the situations have been a lot of speculation ", "-- talking several weeks now about the Russell Armstrong suicide husband for real housewives of Beverly Hills so. We're getting a little better -- somehow rob was gonna handle the situations have been a lot of speculation. And apparently "]