['too, tweeting, "Milk was a bad choice!" (a nod to the Will Ferrell comedy "Anchorman").  Scotty McCreery  Country singer  Scotty McCreery  learned all too well that the show must go on after falling from a stage during a concert last August ', 'too, tweeting, "Milk was a bad choice!" (a nod to the Will Ferrell comedy "Anchorman").  Scotty McCreery  Country singer  Scotty McCreery  learned all too well that the show must go on after falling from a stage during an August concert ', 'see a country singer, like Urban or Paisley, join the panel. "I\'m surprised \'Idol\' hasn\'t done it yet.  Scotty McCreery  (Season 10 Idol) sold over one million albums and country radio has been fairly good to \'"Idol.\'" She also ', 'The show must and does go on, as country singer  Scotty McCreery  learned all too well after falling from a stage during a concert in New York last week. The "American Idol" winner was opening ', 'Shore and The Pauly D Project Rob Dyrdek, Fantasy Factory and Ridiculousness William Levy, Dancing With The Stars  Scotty McCreery , American Idol Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino, Jersey Shore Choice TV: Female Reality Star Lauren Alaina, American ', 'faces who have mangled "The Star Spangled Banner."  Scotty McCreery  Botched lyrics and technical difficulties made it tough for "American Idol" winner  Scotty McCreery  to get through the national anthem when he performed ', 'USA Weekend Breakthrough Video of the Year trophy to  Scotty McCreery . He filmed the winning video, "The Trouble with fans. Lauren Alaina, Casey James, Jana Kramer,  Scotty McCreery , The Farm and Kip Moore all gave mini-performances ', 'Idol" winners to appear at the event: Taylor Hicks, Jordin Sparks, David Cook, Kris Allen, Lee DeWyze and  Scotty McCreery  all sang at the meeting in the years they won the competition.', 'guitar" or "WGWG" factor. According to Rushfield, since America crowned David Cook, Kris Allen, Lee DeWyze and  Scotty McCreery , there\'s no reason why they won\'t do it again, which means a Phil Phillips victory. "Jessica cannot win ', "'American Idol' Recap: Jessica Sanchez and Phillip Phillips Compete for the 'Idol' Crown", 'Steven heard some Paul Simon in the performance and called Phillip "perfect." Reigning "American Idol" champ  Scotty McCreery  closed out Tuesday\'s show with his version of Tim McGraw\'s "Please Remember Me," which has served as this season\'s ', "Maroon 5 and The Black Eyed Peas, and the Top New Artist nominees are Foster the People, Wiz Khalifa, Big Sean,  Scotty McCreery  and Bad Meets Evil, featuring Eminem and Royce da 5'9. Presenters at Sunday night's awards include Taio Cruz ", 'ACM Awards 2012: Reba McEntire and Blake Shelton Host as Taylor Swift, Miranda Lambert, Lady Antebellum Take Home Top Awards', 'pop world," said the world\'s first "American Idol." And speaking of that, the reigning "American Idol,"  Scotty McCreery , was named Top New Artist, while another "Idol" alum, Carrie Underwood, opened the show with her new hit "Good ', "'American Idol' Recap: Heejun Han Goes Home; Nicki Minaj Asks J-Lo to 'Scoot Over'", 'for both of us!" Jennifer laughed nervously. The show also saw the return to the "Idol" stage of reigning champ  Scotty McCreery , who performed his latest single, "Water Tower Town." He was then surprised by Jimmy Iovine, who presented him ', 'underline Joined now, by country singing sensation,  scotty McCREERY . 19 years old. "American idol" win. Number one perform a tune off a new album, "christmas with  scotty McCreery ." But first, let\'s check up with him. I read ', 'Test Text1 underline Joined now, by country singing sensation, scotty McCREERY . 19 years old. "American idol" win. Number one albums, check. He is a guinness book world cord holder. Check. And he\'s here to perform a tune off a new album, "christmas with scotty McCreery ." But first, let\'s check up with him. I read, you played the baby jesus at a church musical as a newborn. That ', 'A typical day in the life of the "American Idol" winner and high school student.', "I'm Lara Spencer with GM is backstage pass and this week we have to American Idol just. And yeah I can't let them exploring it. Our idols that a lot of people in a small space on that bus tonight. And it and it doesn't accidentally witnessing today. Plane flight attendant and then take them into"]