['he said. "Consumers are still getting hammered, they\'re getting hammered today at the pump," committee chairman  Ron Wyden , D-Ore., later retorted, adding that it was happening, "at a time when their newspapers are filled with stories about ', 'he said. "Consumers are still getting hammered, they\'re getting hammered today at the pump," committee chairman  Ron Wyden , D-Ore., later retorted, adding that it was happening, "at a time when their newspapers are filled with stories about ', 'Chairman Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. The letter came after Clapper was accused of lying in response to a question by  Sen .  Ron Wyden , D-Ore., about whether the National Security Agency collects "any type of data at all on millions or hundreds ', 'Chairman Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. The letter came after Clapper was accused of lying in response to a question by  Sen .  Ron Wyden , D-Ore., about whether the National Security Agency collects "any type of data at all on millions or hundreds ', 'Intelligence James Clapper\'s comments before a Senate committee in which he denied the NSA purposefully collects, as  Sen .  Ron Wyden  put it, "any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans" -- a denial apparently disputed ', "one of the highest ranking intelligence officials in the country, didn't do that. He answered the question.  Sen .  Ron Wyden  asked Clapper at a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing in March whether the government collected data on millions ", 'No" when asked in March if the federal government was conducting wholesale spying on law abiding Americans. Today  Sen .  Ron Wyden , D-Ore., who asked the question during the March hearing, said he wants Clapper to appear before another hearing ', 'Leahy, D-Vt., Dean Heller, R-Nev., Mark Begich, D-Ark., Al Franken, D-Minn., Jon Tester, D-Mont., and  Ron Wyden , D-Ore.. If the attorney general determines that a court opinion cannot be declassified without undermining national security ', 'got him on the phone. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Thursday that he stood by what he told  Sen .  Ron Wyden , D-Ore., in March when he said that the National Security Agency does not "wittingly" collect data on millions ', 'White House on the Verizon Phone Record Dragnet But lawmakers from both parties expressed dismay at the reports.  Sen .  Ron Wyden , who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said he has wanted for years to speak openly about the program and ', 'declassified. Can the FBI or the NSA really claim that they need data scooped up on tens of millions of Americans?" Sens.  Ron Wyden  (D-Ore.) and Mark Udall (D-Colo.) have also pressured the administration for years to be more transparent about their ', "PM Note: Rand Paul's 6 Hour (and Counting) Filibuster, Bipartisanship! It's What's for Dinner", "the power to ice lonely cafe-going American citizens. So, with the help of six Republicans and one Democrat (although  Ron Wyden  said he'll eventually support Brennan), Paul has been talking. Since 10:47. Mr. Smith would be proud. That's how ", "security research, or make innovative uses of data that's been published to the public web. With Rep. Lofgren and  Sen .  Ron Wyden , D-Ore., indicating their intent to introduce CFAA reform bills that would clarify and narrow the scope of the ", "debate up on Capitol Hill we're joined by democratic  senator Ron Wyden  Democrat of Oregon sir thank you very much for being very difficult to dictate a military solution  senator Ron Wyden  Democrat of Oregon thank you very much for being here ", "the health care debate up on Capitol Hill we're joined by democratic senator Ron Wyden Democrat of Oregon sir thank you very much for being with us. I've wanna Begin with health care if I can. Obviously ", 'it. Is going to be very difficult to dictate a military solution senator Ron Wyden Democrat of Oregon thank you very much for being here today thank you for having me. ', 'Key lawmaker on health care,  Sen .  Ron Wyden , D-Ore., sits down with "Top Line."', "march. When james clapper was questioned by your colleague  senator wyden . Does the nsa collect any type of data at all on millions But we have had lots of hearings on this, and I think  senator wyden  knows this. And has been respectful of it. And I'm open ", 'an exchange from march. When james clapper was questioned by your colleague senator wyden . Does the nsa collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of americans? No, sir. It does ', "But we have had lots of hearings on this, and I think senator wyden knows this. And has been respectful of it. And I'm open to doing a hearing every month, if that's necessary, and I'm ", "response I think it's irresponsible not to In response some of the criticism also come up within a new plan with  senator Ron Wyden  Democrat. To allow people have the choice of either taking the premium support program are sticking traditional ", 'criticism -- also come up within a new plan with -- -- senator Ron Wyden Democrat. To allow people have the choice of either taking the premium support program are sticking -- traditional Medicare will that be ', "the process of getting to vote on the treaty they won't get that. now here's what I'm looking for so we have  senator Ron Wyden . Who has been diagnosed with it. With cancer He has He has surgery this week. At Johns Hopkins in Baltimore and ", "that. -- now here's what I'm looking for -- so we have senator Ron Wyden . Who has been diagnosed with it. With cancer He has He has surgery this week. At Johns Hopkins in Baltimore and He ", "that's what I've been talking. And given the that the probe approach the proposal I've seen it does this was by  senator Ron Wyden  and several Republicans also in the senate. But has a mandate in individual mandate for coverage creates new state ", "the probe approach the proposal I've seen it does this was by senator Ron Wyden and several Republicans also in the senate. But -- has a mandate in individual mandate for coverage -- creates new state agencies ", "we're joined by Democrat  Ron Wyden  of again they have a plan very practical matter what  senator Wyden  and I have done is put forward proposal you wanna look at.  Senator Wyden  of course the key to this amendments offered you know.  Senator Wyden  and senator Bennett often ", "Republican senator Judd Gregg of New Hampshire and we're joined by Democrat Ron Wyden of -- again they have a plan out trying to simplify the tax code and deal. With the bush tax cuts that "]