['the comedy series category, nominees are " The Big Bang Theory ," \'\'Girls," \'\'Louie," \'\'Modern Family the nominees for best actor in a comedy are  Jim Parsons  for " The Big Bang Theory ": Matt LeBlanc for "Episodes"; Don Cheadle ', 'AMC. Comedy Series: " The Big Bang Theory ," CBS; "Girls Development," Netflix;  Jim Parsons , " The Big Bang Theory ," CBS; Matt LeBlanc Actress, Comedy Series:  Mayim Bialik , " The Big Bang Theory ," CBS; Jane Lynch ', 'Girls Louie Modern Family  The Big Bang Theory  Veep Outstanding Lead Actress Matt LeBlanc, Episodes  Jim Parsons ,  The Big Bang Theory  Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series  Mayim Bialik ,  The Big Bang Theory  Jane Lynch, Glee Sofia ', 'Enlightened." Lead Actor, Comedy Predicted Nominees:  Jim Parsons , " The Big Bang Theory "; Matt LeBlanc, "Episodes"; Alec Baldwin is even better this season, Wilson said.  Jim Parsons , a previous Emmy winner, remains a favorite on ', "Celeb Sightings: Mary Kate Olsen and Oliver Sarkozy's Date Night, Henry Cavill and Kaley Cuoco  Hold Hands and More", 'm. Amid reports that newly single Henry Cavill and  Kaley Cuoco  have begun dating, the two were photographed going Man of Steel" star led the way as he worked out with  the  " Big Bang Theory " actress. Then, on Wednesday, they stepped out ', 'has a girlfriend. Cavill, 30, has been linked to  Kaley Cuoco , 27, star of the hit show " The Big Bang Theory ." Ruben Studdard Goes From Winner to Loser Ruben ', 'in post-Hurricane Katrina New Orleans. " The Big Bang Theory " actress  Kaley Cuoco  hosted the CBS telecast, which ended with Twilight" Favorite Network TV Comedy " The Big Bang Theory " Favorite Network TV Drama "Grey\'s Anatomy ', 'Best Television Series, Comedy or Musical " The Big Bang Theory " "Episodes" "Girls" "Modern Family K., "Louis" Matt LeBlanc, "Episodes"  Jim Parsons , " The Big Bang Theory " Best Actress in a Television Series, Comedy ', 'Gregg DeGuire/Getty Images for BWR Public Relations.  Mayim Bialik  and her husband, Michael Stone, are getting divorced what we are focusing on." Bialik, who stars in " The Big Bang Theory " and shot to fame with the \'90s sitcom "Blossom ', 'for, so everybody, and then you can either take a bite out of it or just pass it on," he said. * " The Big Bang Theory " actress  Mayim Bialik  says she doesn\'t have any Thanksgiving traditions. "We\'re going up north to my in-laws this year ', 'are: "30 Rock," " The Big Bang Theory ," "Curb Your Enthusiasm Your Enthusiasm";  Jim Parsons , " The Big Bang Theory "  Jim Parsons , who has won two years Vergara Nominees are:  Mayim Bialik , " The Big Bang Theory "; Julie Bowen ', 'Jason Merritt/Getty Images Actress  Mayim Bialik  , who gained fame in the 90s sitcom "Blossom" and now appears in " The Big Bang Theory ," was injured in a car accident today in Los Angeles ', 'December 2011, according to public records. 8.  Kaley Cuoco  Emmy-nominated actress  Kaley Cuoco  of " The Big Bang Theory " bought a home in Sherman Oaks, Calif. for ', "Cheadle house of lies. Matt LeBlanc episodes. And  Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory . The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series the comedy series category are. At 30 Rock.  The Big Bang theory . Girls. let's bring Bruce back to help announce ", 'Louie CK. Louie. Don Cheadle house of lies. Matt LeBlanc episodes. And Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory . The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham -- girls. Edie Falco nurse ', "lake. The nominations in the comedy series category are. At 30 Rock. The Big Bang theory . Girls. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- let's bring Bruce back to help announce the final category -- dog. The ", "when on hiatus, with my kids I wear all of them. That must really hurt. No. I mean, it's cartilage, it heals up fine. Okay, everybody, we want to thank  mayim bialik . Congratulations. Thank you. Go nowhere, I'm josh elliott.", "it's cartilage, it heals up fine. Okay, everybody, we want to thank mayim bialik . Congratulations. Thank you. Go nowhere, I'm josh elliott. ", 'spotlight with bulletin number of hit TV Including  the Big Bang theory  and the secret life of the American teenager. And thanks a lot with everything. And you can see her  Big Bang theory  and the new season the secret life of the American ', 'back in the spotlight with bulletin number of hit TV -- Including the Big Bang theory and the secret life of the American teenager. And she joins us -- talk about all the latest projects welcome back thank ', 'Every award winning actor  Jim Parsons  he is known for his over the top performances as Sheldon on  the Big Bang theory . But the most recent revelation about him is in fact quite understated. The New York Times profile Parsons for his role in the ', 'Every award winning actor Jim Parsons he is known for his over the top performances as Sheldon on the Big Bang theory . But the most recent revelation about him is in fact quite understated. The New York Times profile Parsons for his role in ', "entirely new identity that will never look like it did before you kids she kept her identity as an actress starring in  Big Bang theory  but at this moment I find myself craving human intimacy and physical contact. But it's a role she auditioned for ", "-- -- kids she kept her identity as an actress starring in Big Bang theory but at this moment I find myself craving human intimacy and physical contact. -- But it's a role she auditioned for between ", "I mean he's just an amazing amazing actor and he's just bodies this role. Up standing in his way is  Jim Parsons  from  the Big Bang theory  who won last year also Louis CK who is hilarious but probably just it still edgy. Four Emmy voters and ", "he's just -- bodies this role. Up standing in his way is Jim Parsons from the Big Bang theory who won last year also Louis CK who is hilarious but probably just -- it still edgy. Four Emmy voters and Alec ", "nowhere been around but this. Might be the year for  Jim Parsons  one lead actor in a comedy last year for  the Big Bang theory . He's nominated and. But it feels to me like this ", "nowhere -- been around but this. Might be the year for -- Jim Parsons one lead actor in a comedy last year for the Big Bang theory . He's nominated -- -- and. But it feels to me like this is a sort category includes. Could switch and could go "]