['comedian Mel Smith, whose 1980s evening news parody was a forerunner to comedic offerings such as America\'s " The Daily Show  with  Jon Stewart ," has died of heart attack, his agent says. He was 60. Smith first shot to fame along with his partner-in-comedy ', '" The Daily Show " decided to have a little fun with what host  John Oliver  referred to at one point as the verbal closely looked at," Psaki said, to which  the  " Daily Show " host asked incredulously, "So that\'s ', 'Top Chef," Bravo; "The Voice," NBC. Variety Series: "The Colbert Report," Comedy Central; " The Daily Show  With  Jon Stewart ," Comedy Central; "Jimmy Kimmel Live," ABC; "Late Night With Jimmy Fallon," NBC; "Real Time With ', 'groundbreaking trip there 40 years ago.  Jon Stewart  Signs Off  Jon Stewart  said goodbye to " The Daily Show " Thursday night as he began his Filmmaking for Dummies." Stewart passed  the  " Daily Show " baton to  John Oliver , who will take over at the anchor ', 'he isn\'t in the movie for very long, dominates the few scenes in which he appears, while the terrific  Aasif Mandvi  from " The Daily Show " is entertaining as the internship coordinator. The problem is, while generous with allowing the supporting ', 'College on June 8. Helms is a correspondent for " The Daily Show  with  Jon Stewart ." "With his work on  The Daily Show  and his roles in two of the most popular sitcoms ', 'nuclear disarmament.  Jon Stewart  Suggestions of  Jon Stewart \'s presidential influencers on " The Daily Show ," Stewart also summer hiatus from " The Daily Show " in order to direct ownership of his PAC to  Jon Stewart . From then on ', 'of the other major U.S. carriers: Sprint, Verizon and AT&T. It started with a video showing  Jason Jones  of " The Daily Show  with  Jon Stewart " asking people on the streets of New York City if they enjoyed being "slapped around" by their ', 'the filibuster the way it\'s meant to be used," said  Jon Stewart , whose satire carries some political weight from his perch at " The Daily Show ." Even some Democrats who want to end the use of the ', 'Images Looks like  Jon Stewart  will have the summer off from " The Daily Show ." The Comedy Central journalist made on " The Daily Show " was used against Stewart is away, " Daily Show " regular  John Oliver  will be filling in ', 'Taking the Summer Off From \' The Daily Show \' " The Daily Show \'s" "King of Fake News"  Jon Stewart  announced today that he he said jokingly. " The Daily Show " correspondent  John Oliver , a Brit, will fill in ', "the man behind the Time cover story sending shockwaves through America's hospitals. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)  JON STEWART ,  THE DAILY SHOW : I don't think I've ever said this before, go out and get Time magazine. (END VIDEO CLIP) ANNOUNCER ", 'showed it to all of them and they said, \'No, we don\'t know how to market a movie like this,\'" Lucas told  Jon Stewart  on " The Daily Show ." "The real issue," Barnes told ABCNews.com, "is that primary decision makers in Hollywood tend to ', "problems with it. So what do you think when  Jon Stewart  comes out and you know it says you're the put Tea Party what what what do you think when  Jon Stewart  well I I think  Jon Stewart  is a very funny guy in fact calls me a dirty ", "in solving the problems with it. So what do you think when Jon Stewart comes out and you know it says you're the guy -- a run of the mill constitutional fringe right take our country back. From this socialist Kenyan. He put Tea Party -- what what what do you think when Jon Stewart well I I think Jon Stewart is a very funny guy in fact -- calls me a dirty syrup guzzler -- which rightly referenced a candidate and which I'll confess I wasn't sure what that was. And end. But will tell you in response to that. Budgets and Jon Stewart a letter saying that the that I rarely got -- But but any time that I did it was Texas Europe and ", 'tonight starts with a big change for fans of " the daily show ."  Jon stewart , pay attention, the king of what he calls new venture is, quote, a little scary.  Daily show  correspondent  john oliver  will fill in. And, our number tonight is ', 'Our "instant index" tonight starts with a big change for fans of " the daily show ." Jon stewart , pay attention, the king of what he calls fake news is taking the summer off to direct his first film. It will be about a bbc journalist held hostage in iran. And stewart says his new venture is, quote, a little scary. Daily show correspondent john oliver will fill in. And, our number tonight is 600,000. That\'s how many of us are so-called megacommuters. According to the census bureau, ', 'Think You Can Dance. Top chef. And the voice. The nominees for a variety series are. The col reports.  The daily show  with  Jon Stewart . Jimmy Kimmel Live. Late night with Jimmy Real time with Bill Maher. And Saturday Night For outstanding ', 'voice. The nominees for a variety series are. The col -- reports. The daily show with Jon Stewart . Jimmy Kimmel Live. Late night with Jimmy -- Real time -- with Bill Maher. And Saturday Night -- For outstanding miniseries or ', 'Instant Index: Jon Stewart  Takes a Hiatus From the Daily Show  to Direct a Movie.', 'Our "instant index" tonight begins with a farewell to our favorite self-named fake news man.  Jon stewart , signing off for the summer to direct his first movie. Last night, he passed the baton to johnal verve. Here it is. Your moment ', 'tonight begins with a farewell to our favorite self-named fake news man. Jon stewart , signing off for the summer to direct his first movie. Last night, he passed the baton to johnal verve. Here it is. ', 'Before george leaves to cover the state of the union address tonight, we want to share this clip from " the daily show ," in which  jon stewart  and george talked about george\'s incredibly busy schedule. George stephanopoulos, more hours in a week ', 'of the union address tonight, we want to share this clip from " the daily show ," in which jon stewart and george talked about george\'s incredibly busy schedule. George stephanopoulos, more hours in a week than there are hours in a week. ', "which you'll have to hear later in the half hour earlier the president tapped the appearance or taped an appearance and  Jon Stewart  show where things began to get. Serious about policy talk. When middle class families do well when their ladders of opportunity ", 'hour earlier the president tapped the appearance or taped an appearance and Jon Stewart show where things began to get. Serious about policy talk. When middle class families do well when their ladders of opportunity for. ', 'tonight starts for the big change for fans of  The Daily Show Jon Stewart . Pay attention came up what he calls news says his new venture is what a little scary.  Daily show  correspondent  John Oliver  fulfilling. And our number tonight is 600000 ', "Our instant index tonight starts for the big change for fans of The Daily Show Jon Stewart . Pay attention -- came up what he calls -- news is taking the summer off. To direct his first film. It will be about a BBC journalist held hostage in Iran and Stewart says his new venture is what a little scary. Daily show correspondent John Oliver fulfilling. And our number tonight is 600000. That's how many of us are so called mega commuter. According to the Census Bureau "]