["Texas Sen. Ted Cruz discusses criticism from the 'Daily Show' host and fellow senators.", 'tonight starts with a big change for fans of " the daily show ."  Jon stewart , pay attention, the king of what he calls new venture is, quote, a little scary.  Daily show  correspondent  john oliver  will fill in. And, our number tonight is ', 'Our "instant index" tonight starts with a big change for fans of " the daily show ." Jon stewart , pay attention, the king of what he calls fake news is taking the summer off to direct his first film. It will be about a bbc journalist held hostage in iran. And stewart says his new venture is, quote, a little scary. Daily show correspondent john oliver will fill in. And, our number tonight is 600,000. That\'s how many of us are so-called megacommuters. According to the census bureau, ', 'Think You Can Dance. Top chef. And the voice. The nominees for a variety series are. The col reports.  The daily show  with  Jon Stewart . Jimmy Kimmel Live. Late night with Jimmy Real time with Bill Maher. And Saturday Night For outstanding ', 'voice. The nominees for a variety series are. The col -- reports. The daily show with Jon Stewart . Jimmy Kimmel Live. Late night with Jimmy -- Real time -- with Bill Maher. And Saturday Night -- For outstanding miniseries or ', 'Instant Index: Jon Stewart  Takes a Hiatus From the Daily Show  to Direct a Movie.', 'Our "instant index" tonight begins with a farewell to our favorite self-named fake news man.  Jon stewart , signing off for the summer to direct his first movie. Last night, he passed the baton to johnal verve. Here it is. Your moment ', 'tonight begins with a farewell to our favorite self-named fake news man. Jon stewart , signing off for the summer to direct his first movie. Last night, he passed the baton to johnal verve. Here it is. ', 'Before george leaves to cover the state of the union address tonight, we want to share this clip from " the daily show ," in which  jon stewart  and george talked about george\'s incredibly busy schedule. George stephanopoulos, more hours in a week ', 'of the union address tonight, we want to share this clip from " the daily show ," in which jon stewart and george talked about george\'s incredibly busy schedule. George stephanopoulos, more hours in a week than there are hours in a week. ', "which you'll have to hear later in the half hour earlier the president tapped the appearance or taped an appearance and  Jon Stewart  show where things began to get. Serious about policy talk. When middle class families do well when their ladders of opportunity ", 'hour earlier the president tapped the appearance or taped an appearance and Jon Stewart show where things began to get. Serious about policy talk. When middle class families do well when their ladders of opportunity for. ', 'tonight starts for the big change for fans of  The Daily Show Jon Stewart . Pay attention came up what he calls news says his new venture is what a little scary.  Daily show  correspondent  John Oliver  fulfilling. And our number tonight is 600000 ', "Our instant index tonight starts for the big change for fans of The Daily Show Jon Stewart . Pay attention -- came up what he calls -- news is taking the summer off. To direct his first film. It will be about a BBC journalist held hostage in Iran and Stewart says his new venture is what a little scary. Daily show correspondent John Oliver fulfilling. And our number tonight is 600000. That's how many of us are so called mega commuter. According to the Census Bureau ", 'you happen to catch  The Daily Show  last night but something that  Jon Stewart  said certainly caught make up. Listen here  Jon Stewart  you can mess with of an employee of  the daily show  with  Jon Stewart . I went to college ', 'Rick god -- love you happen to catch The Daily Show last night but something that Jon Stewart said certainly caught my. We 400 dollars worth of pennies -- started -- -- The three point seven trillion dollar budget each ', "just back and pennies to make up. -- -- -- Listen here Jon Stewart you can mess with me that's fine. But don't mess with our people let me tell you this right here take a look at these guys BC a tough crowd. They take their -- seriously they may some of them have degrees from Columbia University that is true. But don't mess with them. And if I guess if I could do a quick impersonation of an employee of the daily show with Jon Stewart . I went to college second work for a psychology major from the college of William and Harry who dresses like this. Yes ", "right is no threats are not benefit that all right  John Oliver  from  The Daily Show  I've struck by something you've been doing around know how they possibly can spend much all right  John Oliver  diligent thanks for stopping by we appreciate it ", "to say right is no threats are not benefit that all right John Oliver from The Daily Show -- -- I've struck by something you've been doing around town you're asking people. The right. A new slogan for the Obama ", "pretty well let  Jon Stewart  I love and they're funny most of  The Daily Show  big fans his week absence from  The Daily Show  it's gonna cost is a quote from  Jon Stewart  one of the reasons glass when you  Jon Stewart  do when your first ", "I'm ready for the -- I'm pretty well let -- Jon Stewart I love and they're not funny most of The Daily Show big fans his. Well he's going to leave his show take a hiatus for twelve weeks and has. Gonna -- my heart stopped to help -- he's gonna try his hand at directing a film. How it's going to be hilarious whatever it is gets cold rose water to drama actually -- -- how funny it's going to be but I'll just say he does hopefully will be -- -- from a screenplay that he actually wrote it's gonna require get a twelve week absence from The Daily Show it's gonna cost estimate of thirty to forty million dollars. And they apps and so probably coincide with the summer hiatus one of the reasons is a quote from Jon Stewart one of the reasons we're in this business is to challenge ourselves. Up to him for challenging himself I hope it's a big success. Boy oh boy that's pretty -- -- magnifying glass when you Jon Stewart do when your first direct. You have -- don't want -- seen that good yet you get -- but it's good he's ", 'heavyweights and in one corner " the daily show \'s"  jon stewart  and in the other bill o\'reilly couple. Bill o\'reilly versus  jon stewart  taking on the heavy issues of Reporter: Took on comedian  jon stewart  in a 90-minute debate with ', 'between presidential candidates, but rather cable tv heavyweights and in one corner the daily show\'s " jon stewart and in the other bill o\'reilly of fox news. At times decorum went out the window and so many people wanted to watch online last night that the server actually crashed. Abc\'s reena ninan has the story from washington. Good morning. Reporter: Good morning, bianna. They really are the odd couple. Bill o\'reilly versus jon stewart taking on the heavy issues of this election season with, of course, humorous spin on it all. We are merely weeks from ', 'winners of the night. Kevin costner, claire danes,  jon stewart , and actually, a woman under one of the better There\'s something bigger going on. Not again. " The daily show  with  jon stewart ." How does this one feel? This one felt really ', 'it\'s just very grounding, actually. There\'s something bigger going on. Not again. " The daily show with jon stewart ." How does this one feel? This one felt really nice. This one, I thought we had everyone out here, and finally, we ', "weekend but talk show host  Jon Stewart  is offering some advice in his mouth I think  Jon Stewart 's a took it further caffeinated control  Jon Stewart  who often Sanchez is to fire back again on  The Daily Show  tonight congressman ", "radio show Friday. And put his foot in his mouth I think Jon Stewart's a -- -- -- -- took it further when the radio host pointed out Stewart's a minority. You're telling me that I'm telling you that everybody runs CNN is a lot like Stewart and -- people who run all the other networks are a lot like Stewart and to imply that somehow day. The people in this country who -- -- -- -- and oppressed minority. Yeah CNN the most trusted name in. Over caffeinated control -- Jon Stewart who often -- Sanchez is expected to fire back again on The Daily Show tonight congressman he already joked about it this weekend at the taping of a comedy -- saying if you went on radio ", 'good morning america." Yeah. The presidential candidates not the only ones duking it out this week. " The daily show \'s"  jon stewart  and fox news\' bill o\'reilly, getting ready for a showdown. This saturday, half of all proceeds go to ', 'The presidential candidates not the only ones duking it out this week. The daily show\'s " jon stewart and fox news\' bill o\'reilly, getting ready for a showdown. This saturday, half of all proceeds go to charity. It\'s called the ', "The big buzz in the media world of is  Jon Stewart 's appearance on the O Reilly factor on Fox News yesterday what your it. Anybody watching this and the great part is  Jon Stewart  actually calls O the voice of sanity on fox. But that's ", "The big buzz in the media world of -- is Jon Stewart's appearance on the O Reilly factor on Fox News yesterday. -- -- -- see only on opposite sides of the political -- ", "what your -- it. Anybody watching this and the great part is Jon Stewart actually calls O -- the voice of sanity on fox. But that's like being the thinnest kid at -- yeah. Is the ", "Seems like a lot of people caught Georgia's big exclusive interview with the president earlier this thing get but watching  Jon Stewart . the Obama administration take the same. Defiant approach is today and mistakes are in the course we absolutely. two things ", 'the president earlier this thing get -- but -- -- watching -- Jon Stewart . -- the Obama administration take the same. Defiant approach -- -- -- is today and mistakes are in the course we -- ', "Obama squared off for  Jon Stewart  and what a sign of the supporters are. On  The Daily Show  President Obama came face to face with  Jon Stewart 's enthusiasm Is the would've expected on  The Daily Show  the president even attempted ", "Illustrated just how un motivated many of the president's supporters are. On The Daily Show President Obama came face to face with Jon Stewart's enthusiasm -- Is the difficulty. That you have here the distance between. What you ran on and what you delivered is that ", "issue. So I think it's been better than I would've expected on The Daily Show the president even attempted to update his famous slogan. He would review and say you run this time as a pragmatist he "]