['owe batali from " the chew ." We love the vegetables. We love summer. Today, we have some eggplant. In season right now. We slice it into nice pieces ', 'owe batali from " the chew ." We love the vegetables. We love summer. Today, we have some eggplant. In season right now. We slice it into nice pieces, ', 'Carla hall of " the chew ," and author of kwk "cooking with love: Food that hugs you," is back to make something that i think anyone wants to know ', 'Carla hall of " the chew ," and author of kwk "cooking with love: Food that hugs you," is back to make something that i think anyone wants to ', "that's oh right Or. Many great things here first for the kids number one. It involves something that Colin gun in  the chew  stuff and it looks who caught a patent we call a pen that but. So so and this is this is the what are we doing so these ", 'for the kids number one. It involves something that Colin gun in the chew stuff and it looks -- who caught a patent we call -- a pen that but. So so -- -- and -- ', 'very nice to have our friend, carla hall, here from " the chew ," to get our day started. Also, some big news this spoken. We can declare carla hall a clear winner. On " the chew ," at 1:00 eastern on abc. The new book is out ', 'always so very nice to have our friend, carla hall, here from " the chew ," to get our day started. Also, some big news this morning. Congratulations to carla. You hogs over here. Her first cookbook, "cooking ', 'college has spoken. We can declare carla hall a clear winner. On " the chew ," at 1:00 eastern on abc. The new book is out. "Cooking with love." Go grab it now. They\'re going like hotcakes. We\'ll ', 'best-selling author of "dorm room diet" and the co-host of " the chew ." Now she has a new bookut tomorrow called "relish from the avocado. I love this. Out the door and on to " the chew " studio. It\'s 6:00 a.M. We have to get moving ', 'She\'s the best-selling author of "dorm room diet" and the co-host of " the chew ." Now she has a new bookut tomorrow called "relish: An adventure in food, style, and everyday fun." She\'s showing us how she ', 'from the avocado. I love this. Out the door and on to " the chew " studio. It\'s 6:00 a.M. We have to get moving. We\'re late. Let\'s go let\'s go. What a morning. Silliness on the set ', "And let you pick telling she's dressing Tim Allen well done this and do. We're gonna get now to behind the scenes look at a new television show most delicious my stomach and I am lucky enough to go behind the scenes at ABC's. The that you take a look. The countdown is on just ten days to go until", 'our friends carla hall and daphne oz are from " the chew ," are here this morning.  The chew  crew has a new cook book. " The chew : Food, life, fun." And the ladies are here to make some of the delicious recipes ', 'our friends carla hall and daphne oz are from " the chew ," are here this morning. The chew crew has a new cook book. " The chew : Food, life, fun." And the ladies are here to make some of the delicious recipes you can find inside. Carla, take it ', 'it. These are a sampling of the recipes you can find in " the chew : Food, life, fun." You can see carla and daphne on " the chew ," weekdays. Get the recipes you saw on goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! Yummy. ', 'Michael symon, every day on " the chew ." He has a book out called "carnivore." Love the title right. It makes you feel good inside. A sloppy joe on " the chew ." And I\'m eating chili or a sloppy joe or wings, I ', 'Michael symon, every day on " the chew ." He has a book out called "carnivore." Love the title. I like my meat. What can I say? This is about the ', 'That\'s right. It makes you feel good inside. A sloppy joe on " the chew ." And I\'m eating chili or a sloppy joe or wings, I want to feel it a little bit. I want that burn. ', 'hens. Superchef, co-host of " the chew ." And our guest co-host. We welcome carla hall. One of my co-hosts on " the chew ." She makes a pumpkin cake with goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! " The chew ," every day with mario.', 'pear tree. That\'s better than being two french hens. Superchef, co-host of " the chew ." And our guest co-host. We welcome and wish everybody, a happy and merry christmas, america. What are we whipping up. Today, we\'re ', 'eat. Tell us quickly. That\'s carla hall. One of my co-hosts on " the chew ." She makes a pumpkin cake with chocolate ganache. All of these recipes, goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! " The chew ," every day with mario. ', 'square, with our friend, daphne oz, from " the chew ." Great to have you back. I want to get to the great to check out "the last resort," a new abc show. " The chew " has our first-ever primetime session coming up. We\'ve ', 'square, with our friend, daphne oz, from " the chew ." Great to have you back. I want to get to the great summer treats. You\'ve been going all around the country, including hawaii, to check out "the last resort," a new abc show. " The chew " has our first-ever primetime session coming up. We\'ve been traveling across the country, getting to talk with the other stars from primetime. ', 'about having our friend, mario batali, here, from " the chew ." He has tasty dishes. The garlic is not to be believed garden? The days to ga over. You can see every day on " the chew ," airing weekdays at 1:00 eastern, 12:00 pacific ', 'Very excited about having our friend, mario batali, here, from " the chew ." He has tasty dishes. The garlic is not to be believed. You smell like a field of lilies. Don\'t worry about a ', 'garden? The days to ga over. You can see every day on " the chew ," airing weekdays at 1:00 eastern, 12:00 pacific and central. Go to goodmorningamerica.Com to get the recipes. ', 'Star of ABC\'s " The Chew " prepares butternut squash Tarte Tatin and a mixed green salad.', 'to actually talk. To introduce our good friend, from " the chew ." Glorious restaurants in and about the city of new york Our croc-loviniend of the program. He\'s also on " the chew ." It airs at 1:00 eastern weekdays.', 'not? I have to actually talk. To introduce our good friend, from " the chew ." Glorious restaurants in and about the city of new york and elsewhere, he is mario batali. Dishes with fresh, seasonal ingredients perfect ', 'we\'re getting an award. Our croc-loviniend of the program. He\'s also on " the chew ." It airs at 1:00 eastern weekdays. ', 'Co-host of ABC\'s new show " The Chew " prepares snacks perfect for Sunday\'s game.']