['Lifetime; "So You Think You Can Dance," FOX; "Top Chef," Bravo; "The Voice," NBC. Variety Series: " The Colbert Report ," Comedy Central; "The Daily Show With Jon Stewart," Comedy Central; "Jimmy Kimmel Live," ABC; "Late Night ', "Gunn, Project Runway Ryan Seacrest, American Idol Betty White, Betty White's Off Their Rockers Variety Show  The Colbert Report  The Daily Show Jimmy Kimmel Live Late Night With Jimmy Fallon Show Real Time With Bill Maher Saturday Night Live", 'It was a predicament that worried Schilling and other local officials, but one that comedian  Stephen Colbert  found humor in. " The Colbert Report " traveled to South Dakota to film a seven-minute "special report" titled, "A Shucking Disaster ', 'year. The palace caught the attention last year of " The Colbert Report ." Originally established in 1892 for settlers to one that comedian  Stephen Colbert  found humor in. " The Colbert Report " traveled to South Dakota to film a seven-minute ', 'a zoo, they never expected that kind of wedding crasher.  Stephen Colbert \'s Touching Tribute to His Mother  Stephen Colbert  returned to his Comedy Central show, " The Colbert Report ," last night after a short time away. The 49-year-old ', 'Stephen Colbert  returned to television last night for the first time since his said Colbert during his monologue for his Comedy Central show, " The Colbert Report ." "She made a very loving home for us," he said of growing ', 'recorded more than 70 albums of gospel music.  Stephen Colbert  Salutes the People of Boston Comedian  Stephen Colbert  reminded us Tuesday night that sometimes laughter are," he said on his Comedy Central show, " The Colbert Report ."', 'Stephen Colbert  is doing his part to segment, which aired on " The Colbert Report " Monday, was shot the weight of law. -  Stephen Colbert  (@StephenAtHome News reached out to " The Colbert Report " and the Clinton Global ', 'Rove, Fox News contributor and former Deputy Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush, says of Comedy Central\'s  Stephen Colbert \'s interactions with Rove\'s bespectacled canned ham likeness, \'Ham Rove,\' "He\'s an entertainer so he gets to be ', 'For young voters, the RNC report tells candidates to appear on popular Comedy Central shows the Daily Show and  the Colbert Report  and to speak with magazines like People and Us Weekly. It also calls for the party to mobilize more conservative-leaning ', 'degree of accuracy based on records of users\' Likes." For example, it said, likes for "Thunderstorms," " The Colbert Report ," and "Curly Fries," correlated to high intelligence, and likes for "I Love Being a Mom," "Harley Davidson ', 'House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi will "interview"  Stephen Colbert  in front of the full House Democratic Caucus at their retreat The comedian is taping the interview for his show, " The Colbert Report ," which airs on Comedy Central. Colbert\'s appearance ', 'Reconstruction . Rumors suggested comedian and South Carolina native  Stephen Colbert  might be chasing the Senate seat, but Gov. Haley ruled linking to a clip of her appearance on Comedy Central\'s " The Colbert Report ," in which Colbert forgot the state drink was milk ', 'The  " Colbert Report " host joins the "Good Morning America" anchor team tomorrow.', 'The host of  the  " Colbert Report " talks about his upcoming Christmas special.', '" Colbert Report " host questions the actress about her decision to leave the Catholic Church.']