['The father and mother of the only known U.S. prisoner of war plan to speak on Saturday afternoon to a crowd in their hometown just days after his Taliban captors ann...', "Kerry saying Taliban talks need to 'get back on track' likely to renew worldwide concern", 'The US commander in Afghanistan said Sunday he hoped that an American soldier held by the Taliban would soon return home safely as troops marked the fourth anniversa...', 'The Afghan Taliban say they are ready to hand over a U.S. soldier held captive since 2009 in exchange for five of their senior operatives being held at Guantanamo Ba...', 'The U.S. representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan said Monday that the Obama administration was "outraged" over the way the Taliban opened its new office in Qatar ...', 'AP EXCLUSIVE: Taliban offer to free US soldier in exchange for Afghans held at Guantanamo', 'The Afghan Taliban say they are ready to hand over a U.S. soldier held captive since 2009 in exchange for five of their senior operatives being held at the Guantanam...', 'The family of an American prisoner of war captured nearly four years ago in Afghanistan says it has received a letter it believes was written by him.U.S. Army Sgt. B...', 'A new video released by the Taliban shows Spc. Bowe Bergdahl, the only known U.S. serviceman held captive in Afghanistan , with bags under his eyes and what appears ...', 'Idaho family says it received letter from POW held captive for 4 years in Afghanistan', 'The family of an American prisoner of war captured four years ago in Afghanistan says it has received a letter it believes was written by him.Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl of H...', 'The family of an American prisoner of war captured four years ago in Afghanistan says it has received a letter it believes was written by him.Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl of H...', 'A military spokesman says a search is under way for a soldier from the NATO-led coalition who has gone missing in southern Afghanistan.U.S. Army Maj. Martyn Crighton...', "A U.S. soldier held by Afghan militants will not be harmed despite the Obama administration's decision to declare his alleged captors a terrorist group, a senior mem...", "A U.S. soldier held by Afghan militants will not be harmed despite the Obama administration's decision to declare his alleged captors a terrorist group, a senior mem...", 'White House officials say President Barack Obama has reached out to the parents of an American prisoner of war to assure them that military leaders are doing everyth...', 'One of the most powerful men on the Taliban council, Agha Jan Motasim, nearly lost his life in a hail of bullets for advocating a negotiated settlement that would br...', 'The father of a U.S. soldier who was taken prisoner in Afghanistan thanked an annual rally of motorcycle riders on Sunday for raising awareness of missing-in-action ...', 'Parents of US soldier held hostage reveal secret attempts to trade him for Taliban prisoners', "Frustrated by what they said are stalled efforts to free a U.S. soldier taken prisoner three years ago in Afghanistan, the man's parents have gone public with previo...", 'One of the most powerful men on the Taliban council, Agha Jan Motasim, nearly lost his life in a hail of bullets for advocating a negotiated settlement that would br...']