['Actors join executive producer Jerry Weintraub in discussing making of HBO film.', 'definition of Hollywood mogul with the stories to match  Jerry Weintraub  the man Bob Dylan called the whiz with the bids pencil but from my best. An excellent And I wrote down  Jerry Weintraub  presents Elvis at Madison square book. And I showed ', "is the definition of -- Hollywood mogul with the stories to match Jerry Weintraub -- the man Bob Dylan called the whiz with the bids. He's the brains behind the ocean's eleven series best friends and ", "pencil but from my best. An excellent -- And I wrote down Jerry Weintraub presents Elvis at Madison square -- book. And I showed my wife. As she said what will this 3 o'clock and don't ", "The homer raising order to talk let's start with cam at this morning the man behind it all executive producer  Jerry Weintraub  welcome back going to say thank you do it great to see you. you have done it all you've had so many blockbusters ", "-- cam at this morning the man behind it all executive producer Jerry Weintraub welcome back -- going to say thank you do it great to see you. -- you have done it all you've had ", 'that role. And it\'s not easy to wear those clothes. And he pulled that off, as well. We saw the clothes when  jerry weintraub  was here. In the studio, yeah. "Behind the candelabra" will air this sunday on hbo.', 'And he pulled that off, as well. We saw the clothes when jerry weintraub was here. In the studio, yeah. "Behind the candelabra" will air this sunday on hbo. ', "Educated perfectly white Anglo Saxon Protestant. And a from the Bronx. Back. The self described much from the Bronx is  Jerry Weintraub  a show business legend behind Sinatra in movies like ocean's eleven not to mention. Women party's high life these ", "from the Bronx. Back. The self described much from the Bronx is Jerry Weintraub a show business legend behind Sinatra -- -- in movies like ocean's eleven not to mention. Women party's high life these two ", 'her to dance. And the shirt playing have. Percent. And we chatted. And colder the next. And took her out. And  Jerry Weintraub  executives 41 joins us have great to have you thanks to that you all these big time Hollywood movies that. This is ', 'And we chatted. And colder the next. And took her out. And Jerry Weintraub executives -- 41 joins us have great to have you thanks to -- that you -- -- -- all these big time ', "million dollars and we give two words that tell you why  Jerry Weintraub . He is much more than just than Hoover producer behind speak. He A major show up in each other's lives  Jerry Weintraub  talented producer even better man.", 'million dollars and we give -- two words that tell you why Jerry Weintraub . He is much more than just than Hoover producer behind the movie he is the leader of this gang of -- we ', "don't speak. He -- A major show up in each other's lives Jerry Weintraub talented producer even better man. ", "It's at various The crowd goes wild as the men appear. The troika of Hollywood heroes and their favorite producer  Jerry Weintraub  cement their place in movie history. After the hoopla mr. Clooney took some time to reflect on the significance ", 'the men appear. The troika of Hollywood heroes and their favorite producer Jerry Weintraub cement their place in movie history. After the hoopla mr. Clooney took some time to reflect on the significance of the moment ', "the fact that he accepted. Wasn't confident at all indeed do that we imposed on a mutual friend named  Jerry Weintraub .  Jerry Weintraub  producer of the ocean's movies Clooney and he took off from filming ocean's thirteen to bring some camera ", "at all indeed do that we imposed on a mutual friend named Jerry Weintraub . Jerry Weintraub producer of the ocean's movies Clooney and he took off from filming ocean's thirteen to bring some camera lights to -- cause. "]