['"Monsters University" star chats about the prequel to the hit animated Pixar film.', 'least I think it does. " Finding nemo ." " Finding nemo ." " Finding nemo ." Reporter: The announcement campaign for a follow- up  to the good-humored thrills I know the people at  pixar  were busy creating  toy story  16." It was a billion ', 'in my family. Well, I mean at least I think it does. " Finding nemo ." " Finding nemo ." " Finding nemo ." Reporter: The announcement cull economy mateser in comedic campaign for a follow- up to the good-humored thrills. "I\'m not mad it took this long. I know the people at pixar were busy creating toy story 16." It was a billion dollar box office film, pixar now owned by the walt disney company. Mine, mine, mine. Shut up ! Reporter: On the net hundreds of thousands liked the announcement on facebook, even more making "finding dory" a trending topic on twitter. ', "tomorrow's release of  cars  to  Pixar  will have another adventure. The week  Toy Story  opened Lassiter they were here  Pixar . But it is who never grew  up . Either have Crunch that's  Pixar  right there the beautiful  Pixar animation  that's on ", "powerful if there was stick figures if if it wasn't the beautiful Pixar animation that's on top of that. We never won at that technology. To be the thing that people were interest it. It's the ", "only lectures. Not me  up  until he met Sosa these look we're giving  up  hope women. All really straight out of that  Pixar  movie really. Take time favorite Disney  Disney Pixar  movie is so when her action had pictures  up  on my phone that I ", "so yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah we found us a look we're giving up hope -- women. All -- -- -- really really got. You have a proposal that want to show you them yes. Not as fun as this is I hope I'm here -- -- that -- little guy I hope you guys are alive and waiting straight out of that Pixar movie really. Take a look at what more -- Leon -- From Morristown New Jersey her all time favorite Disney Disney Pixar movie is -- so when her boyfriend want to propose. Joseph Perry decided to propose just by putting everything. From her favorite ", 'old, all to promote dog v. Dog coming  up . "Man of steel," biggest op opening the weekend in the u.S. Eclipsing " toy story  3" that grossed 110 and, of course grosses for father\'s day weekend were  up  a staggering 51% over last year and ', '11 weeks old, all to promote dog v. Dog coming up . "Man of steel," biggest op opening of all time bounds over the competition. Superman did what the last few movies couldn\'t do, revived the franchise. "Man of steel" earning $125 million over the weekend in the u.S. Eclipsing " toy story 3" that grossed 110 and, of course, ow it stars henry cavill with amy adams, russell crowe, michael shannon, this in the stratosphere and grosses for father\'s day weekend were up a staggering 51% over last year and "man of steel" captured 60% of the market. That says a lot. You loved it. ', "that brought us.  The Incredibles  the idea is 700 job of cleaning  up  after us here at the latest  animated  feature from  Disney Pixar . His name is what's coming  up  on Good Morning PGA. Can sign  up  for the daily ", "it's the story of Wally from the creative minds that brought us. The Incredibles -- -- -- -- the idea is 700 years from now after humanity is left the earth. This little guy has the big job of cleaning up after us here with a look at the latest animated feature from Disney Pixar . -- His name is woman and -- movies as he's developed while little ugly form a personality. He's extremely curious. I'm just ", 'Madison and his kid. About  cars  land. He plays attraction Adventure park includes an  animated  action movie delight in have so all of this we  cars  and killing. Every little that we were all revved  up  our next pit stop the favorite ride. They got  up  and get a whole lot of ', "the tell. No nothing happened yeah. Now that we were all revved up our next pit stop the radiator springs -- the marquee event at this. This ride he's like no other. With a high -- to. -- -- the metal experience. And just like lightning McQueen brought the neon lights back to radiator springs the neon -- -- cars land to. All all cars -- -- to raise the good -- -- telling you right Jordan honestly you wouldn't believe how much on his plate -- ", "do you -- lucky fans at home could win a trip. Two cars let of course all of Disneyland resort village are still a target -- I'm -- of course got a Good Morning America don't come on Yahoo! to take a lot of Good Morning America. Check out here. It looks like so much fun -- -- what was your kids' favorite ride. -- -- -- -- They got up and get a whole lot of them a lightning -- -- there's so many for the love. Okay. To get out they ", 'the premise behind  Disney Pixar  is upcoming release that I mean they were  up  on two legs all the angels. Now shut  up  the nature garbage created his first  animated  cartoon when he was even then. Yeah met  Pixar  co-founder John ', 'think about is a rat but pat is exactly the premise behind Disney Pixar is upcoming release rented -- A -- character is eroded not only wants to eat the food he wants to cut it ', "movies about  ratatouille  and about In all the  Pixar  movie he's on picks  up . You got tell us what  ratatouille  is for those got around  ratatouille  tonight's acting in the  animated  version as to valid  Pixar  because they ", "want out out Friday. John Ratzenberger is -- at the movies about ratatouille and about a -- -- in Paris that he wants -- -- doesn't -- just be -- -- It's a great film everybody really hi -- John is that you -- In all the Pixar movie he's got cleared the march on picks up . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "dances here is pretty much regular salt -- this makes it all up they'll just decide that. Rebecca -- nice get a regular thickness had a batting watching it would Begin watching here because they're ", "All right first  up  in mix disturbing would be the sequel  Finding Nemo  how does this it's and the people at  Pixar  busy creating  Toy Story  sixteen. We rated candidate film picks  up  where to get pulled are trying to come  up  with ways to make ", "All right first up in -- mix -- disturbing -- to tell you about on this Wednesday morning models start themselves. But we already knew that we anyway yeah okay now here's what's different about -- apparently -- -- Australia editor Krista Clement. Has been fired and -- she's coming up with her book called the vote factor and in this book she is doing -- how -- where she is talking about. ", "some other artists also. Are. Finding -- which would be the sequel Finding Nemo how does this it's gonna happen Finding -- great movie made a ton of money for Disney our parent company. But anyway by ignoring its going to be released since when he fifteen and Ellen the generous it's gonna play -- again and she's so funny she says that went along on long long time for this I'm not mad -- took this long and -- the people at Pixar busy creating Toy Story sixteen. We rated sounds like it's gonna be really funny 2051 of my candidate film picks up where -- -- to get pulled the -- fish left off in the balance is trying to reunite with loved ones. I'll regret he had going to be OK some other story for you what what are those what are they thinking categories. Israeli airplanes are trying to come up with ways to make more ground so they can make more money yeah that they can put in marching on. So that -- the size of the already small laboratories how big and small I don't know happened. It's really an internal it's already 3.3 Delta Airlines is the person coming up -- -- How to make it even smaller -- everybody history -- -- that it is now cattle. Kind of crazy you ", 'Aspiring filmmakers Jonason Pauley and Jesse Perrotta tried to remake the  Pixar  movie shot for shot.', 'be back, guys. First  up  today, jennifer lopez sequel brings a lovable  disney pixar  character to life.  Wall - e  was built from scratch job? He will now. At  pixar . Who knows, right are about. Can you put  up  another photo of gabby ', 'for "the hunger games" and "x men." A sequel brings a lovable disney pixar character to life. Wall-e was built from scratch. A robot builder in california spent more than 3,000 hours over 2 years to create a real-life version of the character. That\'s so cool. I love it. And he covered every detail down to the buy n large logo on the back. He has not built the love interest in the movie. 3,000 hours. He doesn\'t have a full-time job? He will now. At pixar . Who knows, right? We\'ve seen plenty of picture-perfect moments in these olympics, capturing superhuman athletes on their quest for gold. Like the ', 'win big question why did  animated  films get nominated for hit. Of the enemy. Now  Pixar  is  Toy Story  3. As an Oscar nomination not give best picture  Toy Story  3 has even had this for Goldstein has written about  Toy Story  chance at its best reviewed ', "and we are counting on this morning win big question why did animated films get nominated for best picture but never seem to grab the gold our main man Chris -- -- of investigating he's far far far away from me well the latest at the front gate. Good morning Chris toasty warm -- and good morning to you. You know it's a sure there isn't a best animated feature film category but people are wondering given how good these movies are. Is that enough love to be showing to the citizens of animation nation. Got -- -- just this one I'm Clark told -- Sharon I'm a married man made audiences laugh and it made the crime it got great reviews it was a big hit. Of the enemy. Now Pixar is Toy Story 3. As an Oscar nomination for best picture. Which tackles Pixar and Disney animation chief John Lasseter it is huge it is. Fantastic. But animation often is put into another category in -- ", "nominees as beauty in the feeds. -- -- -- -- Are. No animated movie has after -- The top prize and the winner it is asks what are your chances of winning best picture I think there -- awesome if an animated film true. Is the best film of the year. Why not give -- best picture Toy Story 3 has even had this -- for your consideration Oscar campaign. We're -- a host of best picture winners from the past. So couldn't this be the moment. Let's Oscar gets -- -- the academy does not take animated film seriously they really think their kid stuff. You think you can take care of him -- -- in the LA times Patrick Goldstein has written about Toy Story -- chance at its best reviewed movies of the year. -- close to most successful. Financially movie of the year most successful. Animated film of all time. Yes but when you talk about the most successful movie of the year that's not. Always a plus. ", "have a -- -- Yeah. In our lifetime will we see an animated movie win best picture the -- were only like a month apart -- I wanna say yes. Because I believe. One of the exciting things honestly is how. Rate the animation industry right now is. I -- Toy Story three's biggest fans it's Oscar co host Anne -- she -- the last ten minutes -- the -- were -- her favorite ", "buzz light in the whole  Toy Story  game that's and I thought service of the basic set  up  a divorced guy played by about a great movie and  Toy Story  3 can you believe it's saw first installment of  Toy Story  now and he's all grown ", "in the -- of woody and buzz light -- in the whole Toy Story game that's and I thought Cyrus what you might call -- comedy. With a -- I was signaling -- -- -- over and you were the only one who didn't like it hate it. I felt like after his -- you -- -- the only one who was the biggest fan of the service of the basic set up a divorced guy played by John C. Reilly goes to party. And -- Marisa Tomei they are instantly smitten with each other ", "But whatever it. Let's talk about a great movie and -- -- Toy Story 3 can you believe it's been fifteen years since we first saw -- first installment of Toy Story now and he's all grown up he's heading up the college. And the toys that have meant so much to him as a child would become relics -- -- after -- date fair senator. -- Malden manhandled and chewed up by toddlers. About a seemingly friendly Teddy -- takes them under his wing and tries to reassure them they won't be abandoned ", 'back -- -- this is a really touching movie though about growing up about leaving home about. Feeling abandoned and about that emotional attachment that we develop with our toys this children. This was it ', "Toy Story  3 this is a great  Toy Story  3 right. And like fifty billion dollars so oxygen what we've of the youngsters give the movie twist we took the video from  Toy Story  3. And we took the audio from an episode of the Maury Povich ", "Toy Story 3 this is a great -- -- Toy Story 3 right. And like fifty billion dollars so oxygen -- what we've done tonight in honor of the youngsters give the movie twist we took the video from Toy Story 3. And we took the audio from an episode of the Maury Povich show. And I believe this could very possibly get ", "and all that in so. Much fun.  Toy Story  media opens at headed  Disney Pixar  is 3-D film  Toy Story  3 due out in two years. Disney for today's opening that the  Toy Story  franchise is booming family coming ", "With a high energy grand opening for a high energy attraction. Toy Story -- officially opened its doors stay at Disney's California Adventure. Offering guests a fun immersive ride that puts them right -- action as -- -- play -- fun surprises in extra dimensions. Greedy and it's pretty happy. We know what he's a little bit of water in here so I really -- -- water it's. That. Each writer -- a pair of 3-D glasses at the start and that action is on. Your favorite Toy Story characters in the -- for the five and a half minute ride. They'll take you through -- a variety of carnival games to see your spring action shooter to score big boys as -- compete with the person right next year. You get to you know break plates with a baseball He had to throw -- ability to get to. Ring tops and all that in -- so. Much fun. Toy Story media opens at headed Disney Pixar is 3-D film Toy Story 3 due out in two years. Disney president and CEO Bob Iger was on hand for today's opening -- that the Toy Story franchise is booming family coming back from war. -- story is one of those very very valuable to movies already made one "]