['"The  Brady Bunch " is one of America\'s The series\' creator  Sherwood Schwartz  was inspired by a 1966 Complete Story of the  Brady Bunch  from the Father/Son might have been "The  Brady Bunch " kids. And they are ', 'sewer." Stern, a veteran of 40 years of television, called on such TV giants as Norman Lear, Larry Gelbart and  Sherwood Schwartz  to compile the most outrageous, idiotic memos from TV executives in 1994\'s A Martian Wouldn\'t Say That ', 'sewer." Stern, a veteran of 40 years of television, called on such TV giants as Norman Lear, Larry Gelbart and  Sherwood Schwartz  to compile the most outrageous, idiotic memos from TV executives in 1994\'s A Martian Wouldn\'t Say That ', 'Reed a part in The  Brady Bunch . Though Reed thought shocked when The  Brady Bunch  became an instant England, explains  Sherwood Schwartz , creator of The  Brady Bunch , television, in had also produced  Gilligan  s Island, loaded ', 'Reed a part in The  Brady Bunch . Though Reed thought shocked when The  Brady Bunch  became an instant England, explains  Sherwood Schwartz , creator of The  Brady Bunch , television, in had also produced  Gilligan  s Island, loaded ', "show from the 1960s.  Gilligan 's Island here's the creator of the  Brady Bunch  in 1969. In the four sure Schwartz created  Gilligan 's Island to on aired point four hours of  Gilligan 's Island and the supervision. Provided by  Sherwood Schwartz . Sure Schwartz passed ", "said survivor. But maybe you remembered an older show from the 1960s. Gilligan's Island here's ABC's John -- to remember the creator. Of some of history's most beloved TV. The world short a genius tonight. ", "with Cindy's father engines in martians. He was the creator of the Brady Bunch in 1969. In the four X shows indelible five year run He was responsible for and we indelible three at work -- I'll make it wasn't like assailant. This -- herb -- and silver. And I passenger yes sure -- Schwartz created Gilligan's Island to on aired during the tumultuous years of Vietnam and Watergate they were entertaining. Bringing nice easy laughs in laugh tracks. ", "simple math -- kids like me watched one point four hours of Gilligan's Island and the Brady's every gate for 300 days a year. Over five years and. That's 2100. Hours of entertainment. And supervision. Provided by Sherwood Schwartz . Sure Schwartz passed away in California this morning. He was 94. On behalf of generations of his legacy. Then He. All of ", "Brady pretty. Complete story of the  Brady Bunch  ever talk about that would Lloyd in memory lane It's still. When the  Brady Bunch  debuted in 1969. It was a new kind rock and roll. After five seasons the  Brady Bunch  Cartoons TV movies and feature films ", "great book and it's called Brady Brady pretty. Complete story of the Brady Bunch ever talk about that would Lloyd in some of the cast and a sex act. The first let's take a trip down memory lane -- -- It's still. When the Brady Bunch debuted in 1969. It was a new kind of story the sitcom about a woman and her three daughters. Uniting with the ", "off the Brady's ability the rock and roll. After five seasons the Brady Bunch -- Cartoons TV movies and feature films would follow. But for die hard fans those original episodes remain this stuff but television ", "brightest luminaries.  Sherwood Schwartz  was the writer creator sixties and seventies  Gilligan 's Island. And the  Brady Bunch  Schwartz didn't start hope's radio show.  Sherwood Schwartz  was 94 years old.", "Atlantis. And finally Hollywood has lost another one of its brightest luminaries. Sherwood Schwartz was the writer creator of two of the best remembered TV series of the sixties and seventies Gilligan's Island. And the Brady Bunch Schwartz didn't start out in television actually gave up a career of medical science to first start writing jokes for Bob hope's radio show. Sherwood Schwartz was 94 years old. "]