[' Mark Lennihan / AP In this Sept. 30, 2008 file photo, a Wall St. sign hangs in front of the New York Stock Exchange.  Massachusetts\' top securities regulator has hit  top Wall Street firms with a blanket of subpoenas, saying he fears  elderly people are being targeted for high-risk, alternative investment  products. Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth William F.  Galvin said on Wednesday that subpoenas have gone out to a group of firms  including Morgan Stanley, UBS AG, Fidelity Investments, Bank of America  Corp\'s Merrill Lynch, Wells Fargo & Co and Charles Schwab Corp. Galvin said a recent investigation into real estate investment trusts (REITs) heightened his concern that elderly investors were being targeted with products too complex for them to understand the underlying risks. "While these products are not unsuitable in and of themselves, they are accidents waiting to happen when they are sold to inexperienced investors by untrained agents who push the products to score the large commissions associated with alternative investments," Galvin said in a press release. The subpoenas seek information about the sale of the products to seniors in  Massachusetts, and regarding supervision, compliance and training at the firms,  Galvin\'s office said. Alternative investments cited by Galvin included REITs,  oil and gas partnerships and private placement offerings. In May,  Galvin\'s office announced a settlement with five independent broker-dealers who  agreed to pay at least $9.6 million in fines and restitution to settle what  regulators called their improper sales of non-traded REITs. Among the  companies named on Wednesday, spokespeople for Bank of America and Morgan  Stanley declined to comment. A Wells Fargo spokesman said via e-mai: "The  only statement we have at this point is that our policy is to cooperate fully  with our regulators." Representatives of the other companies did not  immediately respond to questions.More business news:Dreams delayed: Young  adults put off parenthoodParlez-vous meow? Cat cafe to open in Paris Panera shelves  what-you-can-pay ideaHave you worked for a mortgage servicer?  Tell us your storyFollow NBCNews.com business onTwitter and Facebook']