['Power-couple Mark Burnett and Roma Downey explain why they decided to produce, "The Bible."', "Mark Burnett  is widely considered the groundbreaking shows like  survivor  and shark tank. But it's TV star reality show guru  Mark Burnett . And she television landscape with  survivor . It was to become the and ", "Mark Burnett is widely considered the godfather of reality television the man behind groundbreaking shows like survivor and shark tank. But it's his next project that could be the most surprising -- -- -- serious about the Bible. Teaming ", "and the guy who made in the TV star reality show guru Mark Burnett . And she television landscape with survivor . It was to become the -- and human -- Now he's taking on a project truly biblical in scale. Recreating the stories ", "the job. Now here's a from this morning's good. Good morning got on ABC news now. We're back now with the power couple  Mark Burnett  and Roma Downey. He's a reality TV mogul behind hit shows like  survivor  and shark tank and his", "got on ABC news now. We're back now with the power couple Mark Burnett and Roma Downey. He's a reality TV mogul behind hit shows like survivor and shark tank and his -- ", "about this new segregated  survivor  but he it's going to the new formation of  survivor  might. Burn in hell confidence in the producers of  survivor  to handle it responsibly look Survivors creator  Mark Burnett  says the competing tribes ", "an uproar even before it returns to television. This season with a survivor program is splitting its tribes by race pitting blacks against whites against Hispanics against Asians. ABC's Dan Harris reports there is a backlash. Even some of the contestants seem worried about this new segregated survivor but he it's going to be very interest in. But I think it's potentially you know dangerous is hard enough out here to jets survived. And to have to bring the race issue into it just makes it that much harder reaction has been swift and severe that we don't need any response from them except. To -- the shelf. A protest outside CBS headquarters. An avalanche of angry editorials you said it would be wonderful to think that those responsible for the new formation of survivor might. Burn in hell. Yes. I think brining -- -- would be a good. Would be a good beginning. As if to confirm critics' fears white supremacist web sites are -- and anticipation. CBS says it's aware of the controversial nature of this new so called ethnic format. But that it has full confidence in the producers of survivor to handle it responsibly. Some minority viewers say prolonged exposure of different races could actually break down stereotypes. If you see them long enough you see them as individuals you don't see -- mrs. Asian people will all look -- Survivors creator Mark Burnett says the competing tribes white black Asian and Hispanic will eventually merge and contestants will then have to work together. Or twenty ", "profitable home. Or hidden on  mark Burnett 's latest ABC it basic talent personalities. For shows like  survivor . Blind date. And millionaire could be the next real housewife  survivor  or top chef. Check out twenty ", "on shark tank you're not profitable home. Or hidden -- -- on mark Burnett's latest ABC it basic talent expedition impossible. Prevention -- film teams of three ordinary people from around the country. We have this ", 'In the summer stunning and the to stunning did you guys make ketchup. Yet you know  Mark Burnett  is a good friend of mine now as a producer and I was on  survivor  he wound he told me is when you see this your breath will come away they get is that ', '-- to stunning did you guys -- make ketchup. Yet you know Mark Burnett is a good friend of mine now as a producer and I was on survivor he wound he told me -- -- is when you see this your breath will come away they get is that the ', 'on the board of things that you want to achieve our. You know one of my favorite stories of  Mark Burnett  before He accomplished success with  survivor  trying to get the show brought. He put himself in a picture with less about it. And showed ', 'want to achieve our. You know one of my favorite stories of Mark Burnett before He accomplished success with survivor -- trying to get the show brought. He put himself in a picture with less about it. And showed this -- sacks ', "finale in 2002 Kelly's. He seemed so many people were competing for something this decade but producer  Mark Burnett  brought us the  Survivor  tribe has spoken. surviving on The Sopranos. It was perhaps a greater field. David Chase created a mafia ", 'so many people were competing for something this decade but -- producer Mark Burnett brought us the -- Survivor tribe has spoken. -- surviving on The Sopranos. It was perhaps a greater field. David Chase created a mafia master. It was ', "we want to cast the kind of people who want to watch. Absolutely and I talked to  Mark Burnett  who produces. When the grand of reality in the United States  survivor  and He says one thing he's really careful about is not anyone who says me me me ", "kind of people who want to watch. Absolutely and I talked to Mark Burnett who produces. When the grand -- of reality in the United States survivor and He says -- one thing he's really careful about is not -- anyone who says me me me I just wanna ", 'would follow her family a sort of Alaskan outback and her business partner. The ruler of reality  Mark Burnett  gets fired its fire to creating  survivor . Surviving has mastered she master this I will say that she is. And a list personality a reality ', 'sort of Alaskan outback and her business partner. The ruler of reality Mark Burnett gets fired its fire to -- -- -- creating survivor . Surviving -- has mastered -- she master this I will say that she is. And a list personality a reality show starring ', 'follow her family a sort of Alaskan outback and her business partner. The ruler of reality  Mark Burnett  this fire fire. Who invented creating  survivor . Surviving has mastered she master this I will say that she is. And a list personality a ', 'sort of Alaskan outback and her business partner. The ruler of reality Mark Burnett this fire -- fire. Who invented -- creating survivor . Surviving -- has mastered -- she master this I will say that she is. And a list personality a reality shows starring ', 'follow her family a sort of Alaskan outback and her business partner. The ruler of reality  Mark Burnett  gets fired its fire who invented creating  survivor . Surviving has mastered she master this I will say that she is. And a list personality a ', 'sort of Alaskan outback and her business partner. The ruler of reality Mark Burnett gets fired its fire who invented -- creating survivor . Surviving -- has mastered -- she master this I will say that she is. And a list personality a reality show starring ', 'story today in the entertainment trade papers that Sarah Palin is shopping a reality show with the producer of  survivor Mark Burnett . This is why she cut quit being governor of Alaska so she could follow in the footsteps of raging in the card ', 'that Sarah Palin is shopping a reality show with the producer of survivor Mark Burnett . This is why she cut quit being governor of Alaska so she could follow in the footsteps of raging in the card ', 'right. Everybody, move over, "mad men" and "game of thrones" and make way for "the bible." It was produced by  mark burnett  and roma downey shattering sales records and sold 525,000 units making it the top miniseries of all time and number ', 'of thrones" and make way for "the bible." It was produced by mark burnett and roma downey shattering sales records and sold 525,000 units making it the top miniseries of all time and number one selling ', "joining us live for their first tv interview, roma downey plays mary, the co-producer with her wonderful husband  mark burnett . Diogo morgado who plays jesus. Darwin shaw is peter and playing sampson's mother with no name we'll discuss is ", "tv interview, roma downey plays mary, the co-producer with her wonderful husband mark burnett . Diogo morgado who plays jesus. Darwin shaw is peter and playing sampson's mother with no name we'll discuss is the wonderful sharon ", "looking. There's beautiful sunsets, there's big production values. Reporter: And big expectations. Co-producer  mark burnett  sat down with nightline's cynthia mcfadden. Millions will either open the bible or reopen the bible. Maybe a billion ", "There's beautiful sunsets, there's big production values. Reporter: And big expectations. Co-producer mark burnett sat down with nightline's cynthia mcfadden. Millions will either open the bible or reopen the bible. Maybe a billion. Reporter: The story ", 'the old book a new attitude. The making of this tv juggernaut is something of a david and goliath story of its own.  Mark burnett , and his wife, actress roma downey recently told elizabeth they filmed with a limited budget. How can you spend only ', 'juggernaut is something of a david and goliath story of its own. Mark burnett , and his wife, actress roma downey recently told elizabeth they filmed with a limited budget. How can you spend only $20 million? ', "opinion incorporate. What I believe with what I do right now quickly before we go about the project you when your husband  Mark Burnett  are working together the down market very excited we're thing. For the History Channel a dock you drama ten drama ", "-- quickly before we go about the project you when your husband Mark Burnett are working together the down market -- -- very excited we're -- thing. For the History Channel a dock you drama ten ", "season and you know I'd be watching this show thinking this is what I would do this the what I would do and and then  Mark Burnett  came to me and asked me if I want to give a shot obviously had to. There have been a great time right last week we ", 'I would do this the what I would do and and then Mark Burnett came to me and asked me if I want to give a shot -- -- obviously had to. There have been a ', "been so many movies she's plays he's character roles. And she actually was the only choice for executive producer  Mark Burnett  He says that she was the one from the beginning his first and only choice as the host. The primetime Emmy Awards will ", 'character roles. And she actually was the only choice for executive producer Mark Burnett He says that she was the one from the beginning his first and only choice as the host. The primetime Emmy Awards ']