["'The Wolf on Wall Street' Trailer Shows Leonardo DiCaprio Rolling in Mega-Wealth Debauchery", 'spent 22 months in federal prison after being found guilty of securities fraud and money laundering in 1998. ( Paramount Pictures /YouTube) Fresh off his "Great Gatsby" success, DiCaprio, who plays Belfort, again is painted as a party ', 'was still morally complicated, flawed and vulnerable. Suddenly, superheroes came back in a big way. Credit:  Paramount Pictures  Captain America, a Marvel Comics character that originally debuted in the 1940s shortly after Superman, made a ', 'Paramount Pictures /AP Photo J.J. Abrams is a genius, and it\'s not because "Star Trek Into Darkness" is a great movie. It is not. Director ', 'an ankle bracelet -- but she blogged about it at housearrestgirl.com . The blog landed her a book deal. And  Paramount Pictures  is turning the whole story into a movie. Maybe Cady isn\'t so naive after all. Watch the full story on "20/20 ', 'the limelight most of her life. Spears made her acting debut in 2002 as a younger version of her sister in the  Paramount Pictures  film "Crossroads." She then went on to perform as a regular in the eighth season of the sketch comedy series ', 'Paramount Pictures , Industrial Light & Magic/AP Photo Call it a Christmas miracle: After word spread on social website Reddit that a 41-year-old ', 'attendance in North America is up by 5.6 percent, according to Dergarabedian. PHOTOS: 100th Anniversary of  Paramount Pictures  Projections show that about 1.36 billion people will see films this year, compared with 1.29 billion in 2011 ', 'that will be inducted including "Dirty Harry," "A League of Their Own" and "A Christmas Story." Films are chosen for their enduring importance to American culture and must be at least 10 years old. ( Paramount Pictures /AP Photo)', 'children and six adults . Presumably, the film\'s gritty content and gun violence are what lead to the decision from  Paramount Pictures . "Due to the terrible tragedy in Newtown, Conn., and out of honor and respect for the families of the victims ', 'Anheuser-Busch has asked  Paramount Pictures  to obscure images of its Budweiser beer from the film "Flight," which stars Denzel Washington as a hero pilot accused of boozing ', 'satirist Sacha Baron Cohen and his production company are developing a film tentatively called "The Lesbian" for  Paramount Pictures , the studio told Entertainment Weekly Thursday. It\'s inspired by the true story of Hong Kong billionaire Cecil ', 'A scene from James Cameron\'s "Titanic."  Paramount Pictures /AP Photo Fifteen years after " Titanic ," James Cameron says he\'s finally ready to move on. He never really had been that ', 'and blue (and flavored with cherry, lime and blue raspberry) date back to the 1970s. Their re-appearance in  Paramount Pictures \' 2011 movie "Super 8" inspired 7-Eleven to bring them back to market. Fiat 500 retro mini Car Magazine calls ', "Colin. would honor Schwarzenegger uttered those famous for its. I'll be fox the al-Qaeda he thought He now.  Paramount Pictures  is announcing that terminator the franchise will be resurrected her trilogy. Hot new movies three. Three more ", "its. I'll be fox the al-Qaeda -- he thought -- He now. Paramount Pictures is announcing that terminator the franchise will be resurrected her trilogy. Hot new movies -- three. -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "gonna pop items the retirement but they announced that that they will have an exhibit. To be created with that  Paramount Pictures  it'll open November 14 with props. Costumes. From the film including. Turning these jazz blues. had a mock ", "they will have an -- -- exhibit. To be created with that Paramount Pictures it'll open November 14 with -- props. Costumes. From the film including. Turning these jazz blues. -- had a mock. Anchor desk ", "In today's tech  Paramount Pictures  is making it a little tougher for movie lovers looking to buy and next generation dvd player. The studio behind summer blockbuster ", "In today's tech -- Paramount Pictures is making it a little tougher for movie lovers looking to buy and next generation dvd player. The studio behind -- summer ", "increasingly. But Tom Cruise and his partners say they left Not the other way around. Quote we ceased negotiations with  Paramount Pictures  and set up Creative Artists Agency that would make this an independently financed production entity that. Paramount's ", "left -- Not the other way around. Quote we ceased negotiations with Paramount Pictures and set up -- Creative Artists Agency that would make this an independently financed production entity that. Paramount's reaction signals a new ", "newest Hollywood accessory. Miley even about it on her web house arrest girl dot com. she entered into a book and  Paramount Pictures  is making it into a movie. May be is so naive girl. That's program for tonight thanks so much for watching and ", "Meli even blogged about it on her website, housearrestgirl.Com. And now it's being turned into a book and  paramount pictures  is making it into a movie. Maybe meli isn't so naive after all. Lisette lee has petitioned the court to shorten ", "her website, housearrestgirl.Com. And now it's being turned into a book and paramount pictures is making it into a movie. Maybe meli isn't so naive after all. Lisette lee has petitioned the court to shorten or ", "hockey I I that went. I was nervous I read it I didn't want just and Twitter thought it was safe yesterday.  Paramount Pictures  is celebrating its 100. Birthday this year creating a star studded picture to capture the moment anti herding cats ", "I didn't want -- just and Twitter thought it was safe yesterday. Paramount Pictures is celebrating its 100. Birthday this year creating a star studded picture to capture the moment anti herding cats the studio managed "]