['The creators of this shirt claim you can wear it over 100 times without having to wash it. But what if you fall in a cow patty?', 'Editor\'s note: Each week in "Apparently This Matters," CNN\'s Jarrett Bellini applies his warped sensibilities to trending topics in social media and random items of interest on the Web.', "(CNN) -- In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", "Not even once. Because it's an ironing board. And, as the word suggests, it requires a willingness to iron.", '"Apparently This Matters" Is Jarrett Bellini\'s weekly (and somewhat random) look at social-media trends.', 'Which, for me, is a rather lofty ambition considering I barely have a willingness to wear pants. Much less press a shirt.', "That said, I'll happily carve out time for pudding and power naps. Though, sadly, neither of these dissolves wrinkles in clothes.", 'But they do properly illustrate the scope of my priorities. Which is to say I have none.', "Fortunately, however, for the sake of my co-workers and the eco-system at large, across the street from my house there's a cleaners, and I happily pay them good money to regularly wash and iron my shirts.", "And why not? In half the time it takes to fully prepare just one button-down, I can drop off seven and be done with it. Plus there's a frozen yogurt shop next door so I can treat myself for successfully delegating mild physical labor onto another human being.", "Not that going to the cleaners actually needs to be justified, but it also makes me feel good to think I'm helping the local economy one mustard stain at a time. The way I see it, somebody's kid gets school supplies because I don't know how to handle a ham sandwich.", "This is my ironing board. There are many like it, but this one is mine. (And I've never used it.)", "But there's a new kind of men's shirt being developed that might just change this entire conversation, for the shirt's creators claim it can be worn more than 100 times without ever needing a wash.", "It's sort of like that hard-to-reach part of my back. Somehow it just stays clean.", "Nevertheless, the shirt is called Wool&Prince, and the makers proudly boast that it won't wrinkle, it won't get dirty, and it won't smell.", "I didn't read any specific legal language on the matter, but I reckon a spicy cocktail of Faygo, dirt, and DNA invalidates the guarantee.", 'So, with a staunch belief in their product, Wool&Prince started a Kickstarter funding drive in mid-April. And having far surpassed the $30,000 goal, their name recently started popping up all over the web as more and more people began showing interest in this magical shirt.', "Of course, most men's button-downs are made from cotton. It's soft. It's breathable. And it feels nice against your skin. Like a giraffe's tongue.", 'Yet, when most people think of wool, they picture hot, itchy sweaters that arrive annually at your house during the holidays courtesy of Nana.', 'The Brooklyn-based designers of the new $98 shirts claim fine wool thread is actually the key to temperature control and moisture wicking, and that the fabric even lasts six times longer than cotton.', "Whether or not the Wool&Prince shirt actually does what their Kickstarter video claims, the real point is that they've found an interesting new road into the world of casual, low-maintenance clothing. And it brings up an interesting question.", 'Some guys launder them after every wearing. These people are either super rich or sweat gravy.', "On the other end of the spectrum, you've got the dudes who stick with a shirt until it starts to fuse with their epidermis. At which point it has to be surgically removed with a spatula.", 'Between the two extremes, I probably fall somewhere in the middle -- my shirts get washed when the dog appears offended by my presence.', 'But I\'m definitely interested to see where the Wool&Prince shirt goes and whether their "Cotton-Soft" wool fabric becomes some kind of industry standard where we no longer need to clean our clothes.', "At home I drink from the tap. Not so much because I particularly love the taste, but because the automatic water dispenser on my fridge doesn't work.", "Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos. ", "I've always found amusement parks very unamusing, for it's hard to justify standing in a hot, 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro. ", 'One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'George Carlin once said, "I don\'t automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom. You know when I wash my hands? When I s**t on them." ', "A lot of people don't know this, but for every 30 minutes of legitimate work, all employees must be allowed one full hour of Internet cat videos.", "I've been camping countless times in the forest -- as one does -- and without fail, there's always plenty of wood just lying around.", 'There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", '"Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'Abraham Lincoln once said, "In life, what counts is the size of a man\'s heart, not the size of his disproportionate willie."', 'Sometimes pet tortoises vanish for 30 years and end up in a box of records. Still alive. Or they live with San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks.']