['according to industry tracker NPD Group) 1. " CALL OF DUTY : BLACK OPS II," Activision Blizzard, Rated Mature language, sexual themes and use of alcohol." 8. " CALL OF DUTY :  MODERN WARFARE  3," Activision Blizzard, Rated Mature "for blood ', 'media platforms. "But just because a kid plays \' Call of Duty \' doesn\'t mean he\'s going to become an assailant reason," says Vince Zampella, co-creator of " Call of Duty :  Modern Warfare ." The appetite for shoot-\'em-up games doesn\'t ', 'submitting games to the Ouya store is that playing some part of it must be free. But, no, you won\'t find "Halo" or " Call of Duty " or "Madden NFL 13" on Ouya. The new console has attracted a range of game makers with experience making games for ', "Once in awhile, an airline employee does something that goes above and beyond the  call of duty  to help a customer. But it's probably safe to assume that none of those employees were the CEO of the airline. But it was the ", "Since 1994, NAPO has honored some of the nation's outstanding law enforcement officials who have gone beyond the  call of duty  with the annual TOP COPS Awards, which are to be officially presented Sunday during a ceremony in Washington. As he ", 'received the Jackson\'s Best Award in 2012, an award given in Jackson to city employees who go above and beyond the  call of duty , WAPT reported . "Over the next days and weeks, the Jackson Police Department and the Smith family are going to need ', 'received the Jackson\'s Best Award in 2012, an award given in Jackson to city employees who go above and beyond the  call of duty , WAPT reported. "Det. Smith was an excellent officer, from all reports," Jackson Mayor Harvey Johnson told reporters ', 'Congressional medal for their bravery, if a group of Republican lawmakers gets its way. "They went above and beyond the  call of duty ," Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.), a member of the House Armed Services Committee, told ABC News. With nine ', "(Courtesy Angie Richard) A Louisiana police officer has gone above and beyond the  call of duty  by making a mentally disabled and autistic boy's dream come true. Blaize Richard's life dream has been to be a police officer ", 'Arts, the Entertainment Software Ratings Board, and Activision Blizzard, Inc., the makers of the highly popular " Call of Duty " games, Biden said he asked for help. "We\'re anxious to see if there\'s anything you can suggest to us that you ', 'Arts, the Entertainment Software Ratings Board, and Activision Blizzard, Inc., the makers of the highly popular  Call of Duty  games. In the weeks after the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., the video game industry ', 'fewer new games last year. Total sales fell last month from $4.1 billion the year earlier to $3.21 billion. " Call of Duty : Black Ops II" from Activision Blizzard Inc. was December\'s top game. The index that\'s used as a base mark for ', "version of the popular.  Call of duty  game this one is  call of duty world at war  and retired army lieutenant back to work who we AM  Call of Duty  4. Came up last November's vision of Iraq and play  modern warfare . Quality model for. And ", 'or in combat come back to peripheral vision of Iraq and play modern warfare . Quality model -- for. And they would say it spot on post game of seeing the weapons are replicated. Exactly. To the ', "it'll go on sale later this year. And big news for  call of duty  fans Activision has released the first details about the games next chapter  call of duty ghosts . Centers around resistance fighter was enlisted to ", "content it'll go on sale later this year. And big news for call of duty fans Activision has released the first details about the games next chapter call of duty ghosts . Centers around -- resistance fighter was enlisted to help the US returned to its superpower status -- game is expected to be ", "with the world of video games.  Call of duty modern warfare  two has already become one of real world substance here.  Modern warfare  two plays like an arcade shooting it felt like the creators of  modern warfare  two didn't care enough to ", "now to the webcast endless fascination with the world of video games. Call of duty modern warfare two has already become one of the biggest entertainment releases of all time. With four point seven million copies of the games sold during its first day. But I GM dot com video game critic Michael Thompson things it's missing something important. In this war games the guns look real. Explosions -- music and the death looks real. But aside from the start visual reality. There is no real world substance here. Modern warfare two plays like an arcade shooting game from the eighties. But that's to be taken as seriously as a war documentarian. There's ", "endure on the battlefield. For me it felt like the creators of modern warfare two didn't care enough to add the real world details of warfare for fear of weighing down the shooting fun. What you ", 'one of our troops home. Tomorrow. In this White House scene for modern warfare two -- of burning question in my mind. What kind of fun we really having here. For the world -- webcast and ', "today's tech  modern warfare  three has shattered the latest game and a  call of duty  series has. Break up do it. Last year's  call of duty  game black ops is actually videogame of all time in  modern warfare  three appears well on ", "-- today's tech -- modern warfare three has shattered another record the latest game and a call of duty series has. Break up -- one billion dollars in sales and it took just sixteen days to do it. Last year's call of duty game black ops is actually the best selling videogame of all time in modern warfare three appears well on its way to topping it. An estimated thirty million people -- played a call of duty game since it debuted in 2003. According to sport Illustrated's Paul you -- in the best sports video game of the year ", "billion dollars in sales in just fifteen days.  Call of duty  black ops do last year's record setting game  call of duty modern warfare  three. By one day and this year saw the release ", "game to reach one billion dollars in sales in just fifteen days. Call of duty black ops do -- -- last year's record setting game call of duty modern warfare three. By one day and this year saw the release of a new social gaming phenomenon draw something it was downloaded twenty ", 'services. Since his debut less than a month ago  call of duty modern warfare  three has become the best selling videogame of all the proceeds to a charity that helps veterans the  call of duty  endowment helps with job placement and training for ', "movies across several services. Since his debut less than a month ago call of duty modern warfare three has become the best selling videogame of all time but. Cnet's Dan Ackerman isn't sure it -- -- all the hype. It really is more of the same the graphics don't really get that much better they don't really and that -- -- game modes. But it's -- mostly you have to get the new version because everyone else is going to be playing the new version. If you purchase additional avatars to represent you in the game during the next ten days Activision will donate the proceeds to a charity that helps veterans the call of duty endowment helps with -- job placement and training for the transition back to civilian life. And those are you -- -- I'm ", "here's the real benefit to get a 75 dollar target gift card with. Now we're also seeing on the games for Xbox.  Call of duty modern warfare  three this is obviously some grownups are older kids cash 39 dollars at best buy Amazon and at target normally ", "card with. Now we're also seeing -- on the games for Xbox. Call of duty modern warfare three this is obviously some grownups are older kids cash 39 dollars at best buy Amazon and at target normally it's 59 "]