["In today's tech bytes that looks like as  Angry Birds  are still a big heads the latest version the  Angry Birds  of Rio has been downloaded ten million times. In the first ten days since it launched ", "In today's tech bytes that looks like as Angry Birds are still a big heads the latest version -- the -- Angry Birds of Rio has been downloaded ten million times. In the first ten days since it launched. And -- video game review of ", "We're calling it the real-life  angry birds . Why are vultures tacki cars in strange one, guys. These real-life  angry birds  are creepy to begin with, vultures Reporter: A real-life game of  angry birds . Flocks of black vultures waiting ", "that is giving vultures a bad name. We're calling it the real-life angry birds . Why are vultures tacki cars in a famous national park. John muller has been hard on the case investigating. It is a strange one, guys. These real-life angry birds are creepy to begin with, vultures, they circle over wounded animals, they have a new item on their menu and you could be the target if you're in a car in the florida everglades. From gators to snakes, in florida's everglades you have to go in expecting some danger. The newest threat to visitors is this. We've had a huge increase in the numbers of bladed vultures coming down here. Reporter: A real-life game of angry birds . Flocks of black vultures waiting to make a feel out of your car. The patron is way when the vehicle and they ", 'game is set to launch in spring of next year the original launch in 2009 it was named a year in 2010. And finally those  Angry Birds  have gone a new FaceBook version of the game turns the cartoon figures and members of the band Green Day users will get ', 'it was named -- -- a year in 2010. And finally those Angry Birds have gone -- -- a new FaceBook version of the game turns the cartoon figures and members of the band Green Day ', "Let's start with the penguins. For a hundred years they have put the Edinburgh zoo on the map. They say that this was the first zoo in the world to exhibit funny other birds today almost 200 penguins Wobble and dark about. Delighting visitors. And he'll ever get tired of working with penguins", "that's how we start this I'll light its Christmas lights and we all love them but. computer programmed them to be  Angry Birds  son Austin, Texas. Austin. I'm gonna have to look back and and he he did it with Life on offense taking a little ", "we all love them but. -- -- computer programmed them to be Angry Birds son -- -- -- Austin, Texas. Austin. I'm gonna have to look back and -- -- and he -- he did it ", "British prime minister isn't getting  Angry Birds  is everywhere. From reenactment I've played over twenty hours of  Angry Birds . It's like you get sucked into help unlock a brand new level. An  Angry Birds  yeah. Demand FaceBook and all over ", "Justin -- -- doors -- Even the British prime minister isn't getting Angry Birds is everywhere. From reenactment -- line. -- -- -- In 2010 alone it was downloaded over fifty million times playing is simple ", "did it I'm ashamed to say I've played over twenty hours of Angry Birds . It's like you get sucked into the game Montgomery. So like you are finishing the show. Just -- and or another level. Okay our big announcement for angry bird lovers everywhere. We have a special gold. Okay where you just in time for Easter -- light on -- Jimmy FaceBook page to -- clues that would help unlock a brand new level. An Angry Birds -- yeah. Demand FaceBook and all over opponents that's a given a shot right here we analyzed our our -- and I'll ", "and it. cute they aren't since show and they making  Angry Birds  and very is the most popular this over a hundred million On instead of tell it. I think it's going to be  Angry Birds  but yeah could CIA little babies playing within the I ", "-- -- -- cute they aren't since -- show and they making Angry Birds and very is the most popular -- this over a hundred million downloads. So here they I think you have one issue at this -- no. It does is it's not -- -- -- prediction on this mean for kids to its. -- -- -- On instead of tell it. I think it's going to be Angry Birds -- but yeah -- could CIA -- little babies playing within the -- I think everyone -- okay now let's move -- ", "All right one more thing that millions of fixated on  Angry Birds  people around the world. That a number you. Every two on this matter. We've got a special golden egg for  Angry Birds  fans just in time if you light on her DNA basement tapes ", "-- one more thing that millions of -- -- fixated on -- Angry Birds people around the world. That a number you. Every two million couldn't sit on this -- matter. We've got a special golden egg for Angry Birds fans just in time -- -- if you -- -- light on her DNA basement tapes. The scene include it will help ", "weird thing I'd. you play  Angry Birds . Yeah I can't stop Oregon fact no one likes to have an  Angry Birds  space I'm here is not going The story that I read on it  Rovio  which developed the  Angry Birds  franchise. Basically said ", "to Kevin Bacon it's a very weird thing I'd. -- you play Angry Birds . Yeah I can't stop Oregon right now in fact no one likes to have an Angry Birds space -- I'm here is not going to be available on Windows Phone that seems like it was in a huge market. Well I guess you would think right windows of the you know whatever but -- and we know there's still money. A big player in the mobile phone market something that they're working hard to change but. The story that I read on it -- Rovio which developed the Angry Birds franchise. Basically said that the tables have turned. And that from their standpoint it's not necessarily. Worth the cost time and expense. ", "but the first commercial in the huge new marketing campaign will feature hip hop artist An  Angry Birds  space is now the fastest growing mobile history  Rovio  its publisher says the game was download fifteen million times in its first 35 days. We'll ", "new marketing campaign will feature hip hop artist -- -- -- An Angry Birds space is now the fastest growing mobile -- -- history Rovio its publisher says the game was download -- fifteen million times in its first 35 days. We'll -- also promises for new ", 'Could have been a scene from Alfred Hitchcock movie the birds. But it was that this is real birds attacking. Folks his bank parking a lot of floor apparently happens spring and the birds go into attack mode. Protecting their nearby nests how much thank you apparently. Birds are items that pay them', "I structure itself could take as I'd  Angry Birds . The bluebird. Is a bird like splits into three pieces when you touch the screen after the fire. The blueboard corresponds to ", "I -- structure itself could take as -- I'd -- Angry Birds . The bluebird. Is a bird like splits into three pieces when you touch the screen after the fire. The blueboard corresponds to ", "when. who do you always there are  Angry Birds . The management. Just they honestly tell bright shade of red  Angry Birds  is no longer the most popular game this thing. And it's overtaken  Angry Birds  most popular game top spot on FaceBook ", "they'll. I don't know when. -- who do you always there are Angry Birds . The management. Just they honestly tell -- bright shade of red -- Angry Birds is no longer the most popular game apparently -- call sandy crush. -- -- It's now the most up famous game it's more than fifteen million daily FaceBook users worldwide download this thing. And it's overtaken Angry Birds most popular game -- top spot on FaceBook Ohio's android flag and just say they -- candy crush. -- -- Really quickly. ", "educational. You're not against fruit ninja and  Angry Birds  and the other popular apps that are out there angles and We use descriptive language and plain  Angry Birds  is physics lesson.  Angry Birds  physics class I have Back in New Jersey deprived ", "says it can be highly educational. You're not against fruit ninja and Angry Birds and the other popular apps that are out there you're talking about should check -- You're talking about angles and -- -- We use descriptive language and -- plain Angry Birds is physics lesson. Angry Birds -- physics class I have -- Back in New Jersey deprived of -- electronics nine year old DeVon has learned important fashion ", "educational. You're not against fruit ninja and  Angry Birds  and the other popular apps that are out there angles and We use descriptive language and plain  Angry Birds  is physics lesson.  Angry Birds  is his class profession. Back in New Jersey ", "says it can be highly educational. You're not against fruit ninja and Angry Birds and the other popular apps that are out there you're talking about should check -- You're talking about angles and -- -- We use descriptive language and -- plain Angry Birds is physics lesson. Angry Birds is his class profession. Back in New Jersey deprived of for electronics nine year old DeVon has learned important fashion crafts. What ", "aren't permit the embarrassing. And are we up. That's got tragic I'm sorry side. It was to oust them it was their  Angry Birds  of Broderick. Former GM guests you know you know Jim it I've gotten them with the globetrotters blew up. They were ", "tragic I'm sorry side. It was to oust them it was their Angry Birds of -- Broderick. Former GM -- guests you know -- you know Jim it I've gotten them with the globetrotters blew up. ", "monkey now. Are they did have and is suddenly. And kinda new things coming out apparently if you aren't a fan of  Angry Birds  now there's a whole set where you can throw the birds Chemical I like putting myself I think it's good we can be ", "kinda new things coming out apparently if you aren't a fan of Angry Birds now there's a whole set where you can throw the birds -- Chemical -- I like -- putting myself I think it's "]