['Top 5 Gadgets of the Week: Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1, Sony PRS-T2 eReader, the Little Printer', "allowing for a seamless transition to another gaming PC. Shipping now for $300, we bet you'd have to be a pretty  hardcore gamer  to even consider this one. ( MAd Catz ) The Little Printer The Little Printer is one of those things that is more of a ", 'Top 5 Gadgets of the Week: Google Fiber, Hasbro Lazer Tag, Astro A50 Wireless Headset', "heads and their opponents' footsteps around a corner. Knowing where the enemy is will always give one the upper hand. The A50 Headset is great for any  hardcore gamer , but at $299 it might turn away the more casual individual. ( Astro )", 'chatting up content for the still-beta service. EA\'s planning a "sports complex" designed to appeal to "both casual and  hardcore gamer , while Capcom just announced plans to deliver promotional material, like a Resident Evil 5 themed area and a Chris Redfield ', "PM: Yeah, you know that is...I think of this as part of the world, you know, and I've realized that even as a  hardcore gamer , there's only so much combat I can take, and I don't want you to sort of put down Fable 2 just because, you know ", "side of creativity ... and so, in some sense, the game play isn't really punishing on the early levels. And for a  hardcore gamer , it is going to seem very simple, until you get to space level, where it does actually get quite complicated and interesting ", 'to tailor their mobile devices to suit a variety of lifestyles, whether the person is a hurried business traveler or a  hardcore gamer . "Because of Apple opening it up, you are going to start to see a lot of niche applications pop up," says Ryan Block ', 'chip during a keynote presentation at the Computex exhibition, which started today in Taipei. "It\'s going to be for a  hardcore gamer  who values performance over anything and my suspicion is that you\'re going to see them in 17-inch [notebooks] and ', 'back the market it started. Nintendo\'s unique console, Wii, pronounced "we," is not targeted at the so-called  hardcore gamer  market but at people who\'ve never played a game or were turned off to games as they became too complex. Nintendo is betting ', "all members of the family of their casual game so anybody can kind of pick up and play with them you don't need to be a  hardcore gamer  to really enjoy them. So this is somebody locked alone in their room baseball cap over their eyes this is this is really ", "pick up and play with them you don't need to be a hardcore gamer to really enjoy them. So this is somebody locked alone in their room baseball cap over their eyes this is this is ", "drawback to the new model it cannot play games made for PlayStation 2. If you're looking for the perfect gift for the  hardcore gamer  the site and just might blow them away it's the it's got a bucket seat hydraulic legs and five speakers to make it feel ", "for PlayStation 2. If you're looking for the perfect gift for the hardcore gamer the site and just might blow them away it's the it's got a bucket seat hydraulic legs and five speakers to make ", "be slammed. But this little bit more narrow have one that makes me look like George Clooney definitely the next. this  hardcore gamer  this from Alienware it's a regular computer with an Intel Core duo processor it basically means to brains are better than ", "makes me look like George Clooney definitely -- the next. -- this hardcore gamer this from Alienware it's a regular computer with an Intel Core duo processor it basically means to brains are better than want. "]