['A SWAT team member trains a gun on an apartment building during the search for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings.', "(CNN) -- Twitter lit up Friday with dramatic reports from confused and terrified residents of suburban Boston, where a massive manhunt was under way for a suspect in Monday's Boston Marathon bombings.", 'Residents of Watertown, just west of Boston, reported seeing hordes of police officers, many with automatic weapons, combing streets, yards and alleys while helicopters buzzed overhead.', 'Here are some highlighted reports from a city under lockdown, listed from newest to oldest. (All information shared in these tweets could not be immediately verified by CNN.)', 'Almost a year ago, 8-year-old Martin Richard wrote four simple words on a sign at school: No more hurting people.', "Mery Daniel couldn't wait for Marathon Monday. It was one of the things the aspiring doctor and Haitian immigrant loved most about living in Boston. ", 'Boston Marathon bombings suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faced more than two dozen survivors of that attack as he pleaded not guilty to killing four people and wounding more than 200.', "Inside their dark, barren home in Dagestan, Zubeidat and Anzor Tsarnaev finally hear the voice they've been longing to hear for weeks. ", 'Deceased suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev participated in a 2011 gruesome triple homicide outside Boston along with a Chechen killed during a confrontation with the FBI and Massachusetts State Police in Orlando, Florida.', "In the days after last month's Boston marathon bombings, the city was on edge. Residents were holed up in their homes, under strict orders not to leave.", 'Boston Marathon bombing victims were collateral damage in a strike meant as payback for U.S. wars in Muslim lands, the surviving suspect wrote in a message scribbled on the boat where he was found hiding.', 'What does Katherine Russell know? What might she have known, if anything, about his activities in the days and months preceding the April 15 bombings? ', 'After twin blasts shook Boston -- killing three and wounding more than 260 others -- investigators sprung into action looking for those responsible.', "One of the nation's foremost experts on keeping clients off death row is joining Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team. ", 'The black Mercedes SUV sped down Spruce Street going about 70 mph, the driver struggling to maintain control. The vehicle had a busted headlight and flat tire. ', 'Click through our galleries of the Boston Marathon bombing, from perspectives on the attack to the suspects, as well as the manhunt and celebrations in Boston after both suspects were found.']