["Costumesupplies.com A  Halo  3 costume for Halloween Costumesupplies.com website.  Halo  3  Master Chief  Supreme Edition Men's Costume The  Master Chief  costume is a licensed Earth, the costume for  Halo Master Chief , chosen ", 'Master Chief  is back, in more ways than and embarking on a new one.  Halo : Combat Evolved Anniversary Then, coming in 2012, is  Halo  4, the first installment in a new  Halo  trilogy. "We left  Master Chief  in a deep freeze at the end ', "the OnLive demo. But without system-seller mascots like  Master Chief  or Kratos, OnLive might struggle to form an identity. Playing trying to play RTS games on a console (I'm looking at YOU  Halo  Wars) I want to wing my gamepad at the set and draw circles around ", 'producer Jason Pace.  Halo  Wars takes place before the first  Halo  game, Combat Evolved. The  Master Chief  does not make other powerful  Spartan  soldiers do, of which the  Master Chief  eventually is extending the  Halo  franchise, Microsoft ', 'producer Jason Pace.  Halo  Wars takes place before the first  Halo  game, Combat Evolved. The  Master Chief  does not make other powerful  Spartan  soldiers do, of which the  Master Chief  eventually is extending the  Halo  franchise, Microsoft ', 'the first 24 hours, " Halo  3," the latest installment walk in the shoes of  Master Chief , Earth\'s greatest and passion for the " Halo " franchise plus the As in previous games,  Master Chief  spends a great deal of and alien bases. But " Halo \'s" popularity is not ', 'best-selling sci-fi combat series.  Halo  3, which arrives in stores Legendary" edition that comes in a  Spartan  military helmet case. The first copies. "If it wasn\'t for  Halo , the Xbox wouldn\'t exist green-and-gold-finished  Halo  3 Xbox 360 system with matching ', "of course. I'm no  Halo  guru, and if Captain Archer Picard... No sign of  Master Chief , since you're asking playable unit type, but  Master Chief  wasn't active in the fiction at the point  Halo  Wars picks up. The controls ", 'fan in your life? Let  Master Chief  protect his data. Mimoco stocking stuffers. The " Halo  3" Mimobot Series 1 features  Master Chief , Red  Spartan  and Blue  Spartan . They\'ll series-specific content, " Halo "-related media, wallpapers ', 'fan in your life? Let  Master Chief  protect his data. Mimoco stocking stuffers. The " Halo  3" Mimobot Series 1 features  Master Chief , Red  Spartan  and Blue  Spartan . They\'ll series-specific content, " Halo "-related media, wallpapers ', 'which owns the studio that makes  Halo  3, responded quickly on its in a tin decorated with the  Halo  3 logo, for $70. A regular helmet worn by game protagonist  Master Chief , costs $130. The game officially received several review copies of  Halo  3 in limited-edition tins ', 'says: "It\'s safe to say  Halo  3 is on track to be probably gamers had gone online to play  Halo  3, the most activity ever administrator for fan site  halo .bungie.org. "I thought we will see (the hero,  Master Chief ) again?"', "reach message ever. After a five year hiatus  master chief  is  Halo  super soldier returns and Microsoft's  halo  for a first person shooter game which went on sale yesterday. More than 46 million  halo  games have been sold since the series began ", "the most to reach -- message ever. After a five year hiatus master chief is -- Halo super soldier returns and Microsoft's halo for a first person shooter game which went on sale yesterday. More than 46 million halo games have been sold since the series began. And Samsung's latest probe of laptop may give tablets a run for the money "]