['The San Antonio Spurs have gotten healthy and that\'s terrifying for the NBA.Tim Duncan, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili should all be in the lineup Tuesday night when they continue their nine-game rodeo road trip in Sacramento against the Kings.The Spurs own the NBA\'s best record at 41-12 and their version of the Big Three are all back.Duncan returned on Wednesday before the break in a 96-95 victory in Cleveland over the Spurs. He missed several games with a knee and ankle injury.Parker sat in a road win over the Chicago Bulls, but came back against the Cavs and Ginobili has been in and out of the lineup all season.The Spurs are 4-1 thus far on the rodeo trip with their only loss coming in Detroit to the Pistons on Feb. 8. That setback is San Antonio\'s only one since Jan. 11 as the Spurs are 14-1 in that span and riding a three-game winning streak."It\'s a great position to be in obviously," said Duncan. "Just want to be healthy at the end of the season, that\'s our goal. Pop (head coach G...', 'The Rockets sent point guard Aaron Brooks to Phoenix and forward Shane Battier to Memphis in separate deals Thursday that brought guard Goran Dragic, forward DeMarre...', 'Kyrie Irving traveled just a few miles down the road to become the No. 1 pick in the NBA draft.The players that followed him came from across the globe.The Cleveland...', 'The New Orleans Hornets looked at the scoreboard late in the third quarter, saw the swelling deficit and knew they still had a chance to beat Houston.The Rockets, me...', 'There will be a new philosophy in the Twin Cities this season for the Minnesota Timberwolves , but expectations are not so high.Having amassed 32 wins over the past ...', 'El poder de la Conferencia Oeste ha comenzado a hacer acto de presencia en la NBA, con una nueva jornada ganadora de los Mavericks de Dallas, los Jazz de Utah y los ...', 'Marcus Thornton scored 28 points and Tyreke Evans had 26 points and nine assists to help the Sacramento Kings beat the Golden State Warriors 114-106 in overtime Satu...', 'Kevin Love had 33 points and 11 rebounds and Luke Ridnour added 25 points and nine assists to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 99-86 victory over the Sacramento ...', 'A microwaved NBA "offseason" that figures to be the next installment of the Fast and Furious franchise is set to kick off Dec. 9.The NFL\'s lockout earlier this year ...', "We have reached a busy time on the fluid calendar of the NBA. The leading event in this prevailing hubbub was, of course, the league's All-Star Weekend in Dallas, wh...", 'Farewell for Sacramento? Kings  fans rally for team to stay in emotional season finale', "Was this the end?The chatter around Sleep Train Pavilion centered on that question Wednesday night. With NBA owners debating whether to approve the franchise's sale ..."]