["Welcome back to another new  Nintendo  product. went from Wii music now gonna teach you how to cook with  Nintendo . Don't get the two together but a videotape and now it's on my  Nintendo DS  and. Correct and it's really taking ", "Welcome back to another new Nintendo product. -- went from Wii music now to your personal trainer in the kitchen yes we're gonna teach you how to cook with Nintendo . Don't get the two together but -- -- goes back with this and JC this is in essence it's like taking. A lesson that you might have had on us CD or dvd or a videotape and now it's on my Nintendo DS and. Correct and it's really taking intended yes to a place where it's not going on forward as -- the kitchen and ", "In today's tech a strong start for the  Nintendo  3-D S  Nintendo  said first day sales of its 3-D gaming council. For the highest of any hand held system in its history.  Nintendo  also said there are no widespread issues with the ", "In today's tech -- a strong start for the Nintendo 3-D S Nintendo said first day sales of its 3-D gaming council. For the highest of any hand held system in its history. Nintendo also said there are no widespread issues with the device despite reports of a so called a black screen of death. Buying ", "And today's tech to looks like  Nintendo 's 3-D S is a hit. A research firm estimates that the gaming number but it does fall short of the 91 million units sold for  Nintendo 's previous DS models. Well there's good news for fans out ", "And today's tech -- to looks like Nintendo's 3-D S is a hit. A research firm estimates that the gaming system is expected to sell eleven point six million units globally. This year and seventy million units globally -- when He fifteen. Of course -- the big number but it does fall short of the 91 million units sold for Nintendo's previous DS models. Well there's good news for fans out there Mr. Spock and captain Kirk starting in July Netflix customers. Will ", "In today's tech new details about  Nintendo 's 3-D gaming console.  Nintendo  says the hand held three BS will go on sale march 27 for 250 dollars the device does not require special glasses and has cameras let. Users take 3-D photos intend ", "In today's tech -- new details about Nintendo's 3-D gaming console. Nintendo says the hand held three BS will go on sale march 27 for 250 dollars the device does not require special glasses ", "In today's tech bytes turning gamers into readers  Nintendo DS  portable game console soon double as an electronic book reader.  Nintendo  is teaming up with publisher harpercollins to release ", "In today's tech bytes turning gamers into readers Nintendo DS portable game console soon double as an electronic book reader. Nintendo is teaming up with publisher harpercollins to release a program with 100 classic books with works by Shakespeare Jane Austen and others. ", "Indiana woman says the baby and then  Nintendo  game is uttering the same words her eight year old daughter's  Nintendo DS  game. Baby it's a virtual reality to say is blonde is the light.  Nintendo  has representatives said that the ", "is the light. Now an Indiana woman says the baby and then Nintendo game is uttering the same words. Rachel Jones was shocked when her four year old -- appeared to say that hidden message. Now she's even more surprised to hear. Is -- is the light coming from her eight year old daughter's Nintendo DS game. Baby -- it's a virtual reality program rated. Where the person playing the game cares for a baby such as feeding it they're teaching it to crawl. Well the virtual baby gets a bath if repeatedly seems to say is blonde is the light. Nintendo has representatives said that the game is manufactured by a third party crave entertainment. So they are not responsible for the content. ", "In today's  Nintendo 's super sizes hand held video game console  Nintendo  has unveiled  the DS  IXL it has to screens just like earlier versions also serve as an electronic book creator.  Nintendo  will sell a hundred classic books for the ", "In today's -- -- Nintendo's super sizes -- hand held video game console Nintendo has unveiled the DS IXL it has to screens just like earlier versions. But they'll be almost twice as big the device will also serve as an electronic book creator. Nintendo will sell a hundred classic books for the device featuring titles by Shakespeare Jane -- Mark Twain and others the new DSI ", "out this one that's been act actually after  Nintendo DS  lite. Basically hand held game but it does so promised some of these items so how much is this  Nintendo  product running.  The DS  like I believe is 19. Such event for the games ", "the coming out this one that's been act actually after -- -- Nintendo DS lite. Basically -- hand held game but it does so much more. It does so much more and it's for non gamers. ", "Smartphones and they've claimed another victim sales of  Nintendo 's most important new gaming device with 3-D S are its price from 250 dollars 270. If you already have one  Nintendo  will give you some free games. And if you're not quite ", "If today's tech buying Smartphones and they've claimed another victim sales of Nintendo's most important new gaming device with 3-D S are tanking for the company is slashing its price from 250 dollars 270. If you already have one Nintendo will give you some free games. And if you're not quite comfortable with the Tamil like BI had to she was the ", "ceremony his bride. It was a video game characters towers 9000 as He likes to be called knows. That is just a game on his  Nintendo DS  player but He says he'd rather nurtured that relationship and in one with a real woman his wedding wireless broadcast ", "to be called knows. That -- is just a game on his Nintendo DS player but He says he'd rather nurtured that relationship and in one with a real woman his wedding wireless broadcast over the ", "Items from a look at some that is the  Nintendo  which obviously has sold more than nav game system that there. A one is the  Nintendo  DSI every once a while new version of you're have a Diaz you don't really need  the DS . Is really pretty much the same system the case of  the DS  I was like for this season. I think ", "of the major portable game system that there. A one is the Nintendo DSI every once a while -- -- -- -- new version of this very popular dual screen system right here this new version screens are tiny bit -- there were two webcams on it. And it's also Wi-Fi capable and up worth -- time of great DS games out there however if you're have a Diaz you don't really need the DS . Is really pretty much the same system the case of the DS I was like for this season. I think that's about once every now okay that's true. And and then you've also got ", "S hand held looks same as other  Nintendo  hand held swift's dual screens this kind of technology. Yes the  Nintendo  3-D S suffers a 3-D experience part of Wii Sports resort Wii Older  Nintendo DS  games can be played on the 3-D ", "and it's there was part of Wii Sports resort Wii -- Older Nintendo DS games can be played on the 3-D yes but they won't tap into the 3-D feature. So many games coming out on ", "think. I'd like you look good at their you look good outlook also I find know it's not just the  Nintendo  Wii it's available PSP  Nintendo DS . And it's coming out late November so could be good Thanksgiving yes did you know moonwalk and everything ", "also I find -- -- -- -- know it's not just the Nintendo Wii it's available PSP Nintendo DS . And it's coming out late November so could be good Thanksgiving -- yes did you know moonwalk and everything. -- -- -- ", "you've seen in terms set well. I would say the three best deals I found one was at Wal-Mart dot com this is the  Nintendo DS  side hand held gaming system thirty off now 169. Dollars available now online. hottest steel the hottest products this ", 'deals I found one was at Wal-Mart dot com this is the Nintendo DS side -- hand held gaming system thirty -- off now -- 169. Dollars available now online. -- hottest steel the hottest products ', "biggest retailer says of their top selling electronics included Ann Emerson 32 inch flat screen TV for a 198 dollars. A  Nintendo DS  lite 89 dollars and in HP laptop for 298. Dollars. And speaking of There's a new science to shopping. Black Friday ", "Ann Emerson 32 inch flat screen TV for a 198 dollars. A Nintendo DS lite -- 89 dollars and in HP laptop for 298. Dollars. And speaking of -- -- There's a new science to shopping. ", "college pandora someone who's got a new house to our clients go wrong with that. Now this is from Wal-Mart it's that  Nintendo DS  lite and this is on sale for 89 dollars these are always big big winners for the kids. That's a very good price for ", "-- go wrong with that. Now this is from Wal-Mart it's that Nintendo DS lite and this is on sale for 89 dollars these are always big big winners for the kids. That's a very good ", "was streamed live online. The 27 year old groom. Lives in Tokyo and this is his bride and Nene. She lives inside a  Nintendo DS  video game yes cell paid real money to marry a virtual woman. But he's not alone well technically he's not all of ", "Tokyo and this is his bride and Nene. She lives inside a Nintendo DS video game yes cell paid real money to marry a virtual woman. But he's not alone well technically he's not all of ", 'Already weird apparently married a video game after a flirtatious romantic fell in love with a female character on his  Nintendo DS  they went in a ceremony last week in Tokyo. Complete with a were told that on how that works for told the newlyweds ', 'a flirtatious romantic fell in love with a female character on his Nintendo DS they went in a ceremony last week in Tokyo. Complete with a -- were told that on how that works for told ', 'several to show you in fact can someone really Marion  Nintendo  character. And then the giant jelly fish seven feet romance He fell in love with a female character on his  Nintendo DS  and and a ceremony last week in Tokyo. Complete with ', 'flirtatious romance He fell in love with a female character on his Nintendo DS and -- and a ceremony last week in Tokyo. Complete with a kiss were told and how that works for told the ']