['"Glee" star Cory Monteith was found dead at a hotel in Vancouver, Canada, on Saturday, July 13. While the cause of death was not immediately apparent, police have ruled out the possibility of foul play. Monteith had been public about his struggle with addiction and checked into a rehab facility in late March. He previously told Parade magazine that he started using drugs at 13 and had entered rehab by 19. Click through the gallery for a look at other celebrities who have had drug and alcohol problems over the years.', 'Matthew Perry has previously struggled with an addiction to prescription drugs and alcohol and recently landed on the cover of People magazine to discuss his road to sobriety. While he was on "Friends," he said, "it would seem like I had it all. It was actually a very lonely time for me because I was suffering from alcoholism."', '"Sex and the City" actress Kristin Davis told Health magazine in 2008 that unlike her cocktail loving character Charlotte York, she is a recovering alcoholic. The 48-year-old admitted that she was drinking so much, she didn\'t think she\'d live past 30.', 'Ben Affleck surprised friends when he checked into rehab for alcohol abuse in 2001, People magazine reported.  ', 'Jamie Lee Curtis has reportedly said she was once so addicted to prescription pain medicine that she stole some from a relative to help feed the addiction.', 'Jodie Sweetin, who played innocent Stephanie Tanner on "Full House," documented her drug problems in her memoir "unSweetined." A low point, she said, was using cocaine, meth and ecstasy while on tour to discuss her sobriety.', 'There have been questions as to whether or not Bob Dylan was telling the truth when he reportedly told a journalist in 1966 that he had kicked a $25-a-day heroin habit, but, according to Rolling Stone, he had a period during his 1966 tour where he used "huge amounts" of amphetamines. ', 'In 2012, Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie told Oprah that her drug use proceeded from ecstasy to crystal meth. She became so paranoid she thought the FBI and SWAT teams were following her before she successfully sought treatment.', 'She was known for her wholesome role as Laura Ingalls on the television series "Little House on the Prairie," but at her worst Melissa Gilbert was covering up feelings of sadness by drinking up to more than two bottles of wine a night, the actress told More magazine.', '"Harry Potter" star Daniel Radcliffe told GQ magazine that he had his last drink in 2010. "There were a few years there when I was just so enamored with the idea of living some sort of famous person\'s lifestyle that really isn\'t suited to me."', 'A year before People magazine reported that the actress checked into a substance abuse facility in 2008, Eva Mendes told reporters she "wasn\'t comfortable at all" and needed a cocktail to film a sex scene in 2007\'s "We Own the Night."', 'In 2004, a then 19-year-old Kelly Osbourne reportedly entered rehab for an addiction to pain killers. "The amount of pills that was found in her bag was astounding," her father Ozzy said.', 'Samuel L. Jackson was reportedly able to portray crack addict Gator in "Jungle Fever" so authentically because of his own past struggles with drugs and alcohol. He landed the breakout role two weeks after leaving rehab.', 'Kristen Johnston talked about her addiction to drugs and alcohol in her 2012 memoir "Guts" and admitted she was depressed during her time on "3rd Rock From the Sun." "And you\'re not supposed to be," she said. "You can\'t tell anybody, \'I\'m so bummed you gave me an Emmy.\' You can\'t be sad when you\'re being celebrated. So it was a big conflict and there\'s no shrink that can understand it."', 'Actress Kelly Preston has said she gave up drugs and alcohol to be a better mother to her kids and better wife to John Travolta. "I don\'t drink anymore. I don\'t smoke anymore. I don\'t do drugs anymore. All of those come with an \'anymore.\' I used to do everything and a lot of everything," she said.', 'Jane Lynch wrote about her addictions to alcohol and cough syrup in her memoir "Happy Accidents." She told Access Hollywood in 2013 that she has been sober for 21 years.', 'Sir Elton John told USA Today that he swore off drugs and alcohol in 1990. He said, "If I ever find myself in a situation where there are drugs, I can smell the cocaine. I can feel it in the back of my throat, that horrible feeling of taking the first hit of cocaine. And I leave."', 'Country star Tim McGraw said in an interview in 2013 that he replaced drinking whiskey with working out to clean his life up.', 'For those who may not remember because she has so completely turned herself around, Drew Barrymore entered rehab at the tender age of 13. Most fans were unaware that the then beloved child star partied so hard. She chronicled her early struggles in her memoir "Little Girl Lost."', 'It was years after Meredith Baxter portrayed one of America\'s favorite moms, Elyse Keaton on "Family Ties," that she revealed that she is a recovering alcoholic. ', 'Backstreet Boys member A.J. McLean last checked into rehab in 2011. He had previously been treated for depression, anxiety and excessive alcohol consumption.', 'Country star and "American Idol" judge Keith Urban told Oprah in 2010 that his wife Nicole Kidman and several close friends staged an intervention to help him overcome his addiction to cocaine and alcohol. ', 'Cory Monteith voluntarily entered a treatment facility for substance addiction in April', 'Monteith has been frank about his struggles, saying that he began using drugs at 13', 'Coroner: Monteith died as a result of "a mixed drug toxicity, involving heroin and alcohol"', 'Editor\'s note: Dr. Marvin Seppala is the chief medical officer of Hazelden, a private not-for-profit alcohol and drug addiction treatment organization. He\'s the author of "Clinician\'s Guide to the Twelve Step Principles." ', '(CNN) -- Anytime I hear about a death that may be linked to addiction, I am reminded that this is a misunderstood and deadly disease. Deaths caused by addiction have risen astronomically in the past decade. Drug overdose is now the No.1 cause of accidental death in the United States; more common than death by car accidents.', '"Glee" actor Cory Monteith, who was found dead at a Vancouver hotel on Saturday, had said that he struggled with substance abuse since his teenage years. The British Columbia Coroners Service said he died as a result of "a mixed drug toxicity, involving heroin and alcohol."', 'Whenever someone with addiction dies, I grieve the lost potential and wonder about the limitations of our ability to address this cunning, baffling and powerful disease.', 'I am also humbled by my own experience with addiction and recovery, and grateful for the help I received.', "It seems nearly impossible to believe that people with addiction would continue to use drugs and alcohol to the point of death, but that is what people with addiction do: They deny both the consequences and the risks of using. As we continue to learn about addiction, we're understanding more about why addicted people behave the way they do. But that's little solace for friends and family.", 'Addiction is a brain disease, and our knowledge of it has expanded significantly, which has informed our treatment programs and altered our perceptions. We know that addiction resides in the limbic system, a subconscious part of our brain that is involved with memory, emotion and reward.', 'We refer to this area of the brain as the reward center, as it ensures that all rewarding or reinforcing activities, especially those associated with our survival, are prioritized. The reward center makes sure we survive by eating, drinking fluids, having sex (for survival of the species) and maintaining human interactions.', 'In late stages of addiction we can see how reward-related drives, especially those for survival, are reprioritized when people risk their families, their jobs, even their lives to continue to use drugs and alcohol. The continued use of the drug becomes the most important drive, at a subconscious level and unrecognized by the individual, undermining even life itself.', "When a methamphetamine-addicted mother makes the nightly news after neglecting her children for four days while on a meth run, we can't comprehend how anyone could do such a thing and tend to think she does not love her children. She may have been going out for groceries with the intent to return home and feed her children, but ran into a dealer and started using.", 'Addiction took over, and she was driven by subconscious forces even though she loves her children as much as I love mine. Her love and her natural instincts to care for and nurture her children were overridden by her own brain, the reward system reprogrammed to seek and use drugs at all costs. Unbeknownst to her, drug use has become the most important thing in her life.', "When we witness the incomprehensible behaviors associated with addiction we need to remember these people have a disease, one that alters their brains and their behaviors. We tend to believe we all have free will, so it is difficult to understand how the addicts' perception has been so altered as to drive them to destruction.", 'We also assume they can make their own decisions, especially when it comes to help for their addiction. In so doing we are expecting the person with a diseased brain to accept the unacceptable, that the continued use of drugs is not providing relief from the problem -- it is the problem, and they need to stop that which has become paramount.', 'They are unable to make such decisions because their brains have been altered to prioritize use of the drugs, even above survival itself.', 'Relief of psychic pain, the real, unimaginable pain of addiction, is part of the problem. People have many reasons for seeking relief from pain; some pain precedes the addiction, but most pain is the result of the addiction.', "The addicted neglect their primary relationships and they may lie, cheat and steal to continue drug use. And they know this at some level, they recognize their uncontrolled behaviors, but they can't change, they can't stop.", 'Hopelessness becomes a way of life. Self-loathing, shame and guilt become the norm as the consequences of continued drug use accumulate.', 'They use drugs to ease the pain, but the very remedy exacerbates the problem. The answer to their dilemma goes unrecognized due to the neurobiological changes that have occurred in their brains.', 'The good news is that treatment is effective and specifically designed to help people recognize the problem within. Most people are coerced into treatment for one reason or another; they may be facing legal issues, job loss or divorce.', 'With good treatment their likelihood for recovery and abstinence is just as good as the minority who seek treatment of their own accord. Unfortunately, fewer than 10% of those with addiction recognize they have it and seek treatment.', "This is the primary reason people don't seek help. Our largest public health problem goes unrecognized by those with the disease.", 'Every one of these deaths is tragic. They died of a disease that lies to them. Great talent and intelligence do not protect us from any illness.', 'We can safely watch such a tragedy, gawking as we drive by the destruction, insulated from the suffering and unable to help. But addiction is all around us and we need to respond to the rising death toll.', 'All of us are responsible for learning the truth about addiction, raising awareness and intervening for those who have this disease, knowing they are unlikely to be able to do so for themselves.']