["Charlie Sheen  Roast: Is Former 'Two and a Half Men' Actor's Image Now in Rehab?", "and that is  Charlie Sheen  He was roasted premiere of  Two and a Half Men . Charlie's star from Mars  Charlie Sheen . It's roast Saved my friend  Charlie sheen 's life. As Charlie watching  Two and a Half Men  last night the ", "That was also hot and that is Charlie Sheen He was roasted last night you know who was invited. -- injury -- she was there to tell us all about it. Yes I actually didn't go to the rose but I was a part of the rest so they -- took the opportunity here replay part of the interview make a lot of -- -- -- again. Charlie getting paying with one insult after the next but perhaps the biggest -- joke was on the season premiere of Two and a Half Men . Charlie's funeral was held after He was hit and killed my train. Welcome to the rock star from Mars Charlie Sheen . It's roast on Comedy Central Charlie Sheen arrived like a rock star. And took it like a man. You go from being TV's highest paid actor ever. To be ", "friends. And did something that I in my belief. Saved my friend Charlie sheen's life. As well and we have a photo we wanna show everybody of Charlie watching Two and a Half Men last night the season premiere there He -- looks like that's in his house is a lot to smile about -- reportedly ", "walk of and here is from the season premiere of  Two and a Half Men . Which everyone has been. Anticipating this and season premiere of and a half men but. In true  Charlie sheen 's character what else what to expect during.", 'Hollywood walk of -- and here is from the season premiere of Two and a Half Men . Which everyone has been. Anticipating this and Arizona Ashton and is Charlie was hit by a subway and celts. So the opening ', "pillow goddesses. Those  Charlie Sheen  isms are just some of what's the difference between the  Charlie Sheen  who's sitting with me controversial conduct of the former  Two and a Half Men  star had in the highest winning his war of words with  Two and a Half Men  creator chuck Laurie. If ", "maintenance system that's pretty -- means tell me the difference between the Charlie Sheen who's sitting with me here today and. We worry here. -- I'm opportunity. Nobility and integrity. -- -- -- -- and she was fired for that verbal insanity and controversial conduct of the former Two and a Half Men star had in the highest paid TV actor. Making reported two million per episode but now he said he's back on track. ", "of that stinging commentary. Sheen seemingly winning his war of words with Two and a Half Men creator chuck Laurie. If he's such authority to -- would you say I give a hug. And your -- -- -- Brothers ", 'So much of that  Charlie Sheen  meltdown that cost him his job on  Two and a Half Men  was directed at the remember chuck Gloria and  Charlie Sheen  appeared to be locked warlock you little worm  Two and a Half Men  creator chuck glory ', "So much of that Charlie Sheen meltdown that cost him his job on Two and a Half Men was directed at the show's creator chuck Laurie. The taunts and insults were merciless -- Laurie mostly kept his silence until now. Gloria speaking out innings he's indicating of course had that memorable interview Sheen during all this as -- said. The story yet it was hard to miss -- you know during the time you may remember chuck Gloria and Charlie Sheen appeared to be locked in a bitter feud before -- was fired. Now -- is denying there was ever feud saying he was more concerned about sheen's well being. He says it was not a gain but big time cocaine use and an -- drug -- that could have ended in sheen's death or someone else's. He was the man in the cross -- during Charlie -- epic meltdown almost one year ago he picked a fight with a warlock you little worm Two and a Half Men creator chuck glory was embroiled in what appeared to be an explosive public feud with the shows falling star chuck glory sets ", "called anger management. Laurie credits the actor who took sheen's place on Two and a Half Men with giving the show its own fresh start. They confession hadn't come along -- big show deal. -- he was a remarkable ", "inside the turbulent world  Charlie Sheen  one of his so called goddesses star and then became one of  Charlie sheen 's goddesses and now she Sheen and the creator of  Two and a Half Men  began. And during all those on a drug it's called  Charlie Sheen . Olsen and that He watched ", "after she moved in the war between Sheen and the creator of Two and a Half Men began. And during all those interviews with the talk of tiger blood warlock brain and try winning at this I am on a drug it's called Charlie Sheen . Olsen and that He watched smiling leave from the -- one. A lot of people so those interviews that He did and ", "The  Two and a Half Men  star was rushed latest. When  Charlie Sheen  was rushed to at all but now  Charlie Sheen  his family and understand. If  Two and a Half Men  are going to talking about.  Charlie sheen 's partying ", 'The Two and a Half Men star was rushed to the hospital on Thursday morning with severe abdominal pains. The latest in a long line of recent incidents has raised serious questions about its -- hard partying lifestyle Mike Bob Brown has the latest. When Charlie Sheen was rushed to a Los Angeles hospital suffering stomach pains after hosting a party. That was so wild that even an adult ', "know if I have to go to work at all but now Charlie Sheen his family and his network understand. If Two and a Half Men are going to stick together his recovery is critical role. For Good Morning America Mike Von fremd ABC news Hollywood. And joining me now is doctor Danny -- clinical psychologist who's the chief clinical officer Phoenix house a nonprofit alcohol and drug abuse treatment and prevention facility. And the Los Angeles publicist and CEO fifteen minutes PR Howard Bragman good morning to you both Howard I do want to Begin with you we have been on the show together -- joined -- talking about. Charlie sheen's partying days and and the woes he's going through but tell what happened they finally get him into rehab and was his ", 'celebrity justice  Charlie Sheen  pleading guilty in a free man. The  Two and a Half Men  star dodged jail the red carpet.  Charlie Sheen  was headed to an celebrity deal that  Charlie Sheen  got three months ', 'Latest case that celebrity justice Charlie Sheen pleading guilty in -- Colorado courtroom and walked out a free man. The Two and a Half Men star dodged jail time on charges he attacked his wife on Christmas Day. Does this punishment fit the crime or is this another case -- preferential star treatment -- and now has more. It looked like a walk down the red carpet. Charlie Sheen was headed to an Aspen courtroom. Sheen pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor assaulting his wife broke during a Christmas Day fight. -- ', "to the bitter Tug of war between yes  Charlie Sheen  and Warner Bros. The studio fired are you gonna do that to. That was  Charlie sheen 's reaction on Monday after Warner to put on those silly shirt. It's  Charlie Sheen  being fired is hopefully going to be ", "Gonna turn to the bitter Tug of war between yes Charlie Sheen and Warner Bros. The studio fired the actor on Monday -- Sheen says he's ready to launch a big time lawsuit Chris -- brings us to speak. The biggest moneymaking sitcom on television. -- is officially down a man. Hey John hey what are you gonna do that to. That was Charlie sheen's reaction on Monday after Warner Bros. fired him from two and a half minutes. A lawyer for the studio sent this letter ", "Brazilians. And they never have to put on those silly shirt. It's Charlie Sheen being fired is hopefully going to be his bottom I -- Charlie Sheen and his relationship with CBS. As very much a unhealthy enabling. Relationship. The firing means Warner Bros. they -- to put those ", "the implosion  Charlie sheen 's career continues really surprising  Charlie Sheen  paid a reported hit TV show  Two and a Half Men . Has been summarily services on  Two and a Half Men . Effective out resumes  Charlie Sheen  will not be ", "CBS has officially. Fired Charlie Sheen from the sitcom two and a half map Bill -- into the newsroom with late development fell. Shot and -- of the implosion Charlie sheen's career continues tonight and while it is dramatic and getting fired given everything that's happened it's not really surprising Charlie Sheen paid a reported. One point two million dollars an episode to be the man on the CBS hit TV show Two and a Half Men . Has been summarily fired no surprise because none of us could trash or bosses publicly the way she -- -- -- folks who pay him. And -- any reasonable expectations of keeping our jobs. Warner Bros. today which produces a long running show. Put out a terse but brutal statement about half an hour ago quoting now. After careful consideration Warner Bros. television has terminated Charlie -- services on Two and a Half Men . Effective immediately that's it. She who has battled and may still be battling a host of personal Lehman's has until this fiasco started about two weeks ago managed to keep his day job. But no more show was suspended for the remainder of the season and out -- -- resumes Charlie Sheen will not be part of it. Meanwhile she looking to the Internet to pay the bills He has to hit two million followers now on Twitter and has been quoted as viewing it as -- cash cow weather can ever really match is huge salary. Remains to be seen again Diana -- seconds ago she send this message on Twitter about the firing says. This is a very good news they continue to be in breach. Like so many whales and here you thought you'd have a week without Charlie Sheen news. ", "interviews a webcast and national tour.  Charlie Sheen  seem to provide most of the western He was one of the star players and  Charlie sheen 's alternate universe otherwise known war between Sheen and the creator of  Two and a Half Men  began. and hearing all of those interviews ", 'after Olson moved in the war between Sheen and the creator of Two and a Half Men began. -- and hearing all of those interviews with all that -- that tiger blood warlock brain and by winning I am ', "paid actor on TV.  Charlie Sheen  is suing Anderson days in jail for the  Two and a Half Men  make a start. Anderson joined live now by  Charlie sheen 's attorney Yale a sum of money by  Charlie Sheen  by your client for ", "to the maximum. It could mean fifteen days in jail for the Two and a Half Men make a start. Anderson is also threatening a civil suit against him alleging battery assault and false imprisonment. She's not yet filed the case. What ever the next salvo in this legal war of words it is unclear if the Sheen of TV's top star. Has -- For Good Morning America Ashley Banfield ABC news New York. And we are joined live now by Charlie sheen's attorney Yale Galanter thanks so much for joining us this morning mr. Galanter let's go through. Your countersued you Carlson serious charges ", 'calling Teflon Charlie  Charlie Sheen  is set to go back wavering at all. The  Two and a Half Men  FaceBook fan page slightly more forgiving.  Charlie Sheen  and his antics they everybody your hero  Charlie Sheen  did not cause a to Charlie harper on  Two and a Half Men . He has a womanizer ', "a downward spiral -- don't seem to be wavering at all. The Two and a Half Men FaceBook fan page passed the ten million mark shortly after the incident but members saying I think it adds to his character. No publicity is bad. Go Charlie why does the pub. -- seem to be slightly more forgiving. Charlie Sheen and his antics they -- accepting of it in a weird way maybe they're used to seeing him on screen playing these characters that are out. Drinking -- -- with women's stuff. We went on to -- Anderson's website this morning she appears to be capitalizing on what's happening. Calling herself the hot topic porn star even posting excerpts of what the media has written about her one reads. Great news everybody your hero Charlie Sheen did not cause a -- -- to hide in the bathroom the night he drunken Lee tore apart in new York city ", "do you think it's a -- because his character Charlie harper on Two and a Half Men . He has a womanizer. A guy who likes to go partying drinking been using so the two Charlie's they blend. And it's ", "Long time. But for  Charlie Sheen  the past few months Have people thinking  Charlie Sheen  is has got to be on drug it's called  Charlie Sheen . And it's not available enough shutting down  Two and a Half Men  for the rest of the ", "I'm ready they're not. Lowering it. Finally CBS had enough shutting down Two and a Half Men for the rest of the season putting Sheen and the entire staff out of work. Were you shocked when they shut down ", "in a brief message posted by Laurie himself at the end of Two and a Half Men . I would say. -- I'm sort of way offended united mayor's attempt in the reserve sends them sardines and and -- I ", "Less than a week after  Charlie Sheen  was arrested for allegedly what does this mean for  Charlie sheen 's criminal case for his is number one comedy show  Two and a Half Men  next week. Joining answers ahead over the objections of  Charlie sheen 's wife. Well there's ", "be back at work on the senate is number one comedy show Two and a Half Men next week. Joining -- -- -- -- answers on the legal side of the story the famed criminal defense attorney Roy Black Roy Black thank you very much for coming on this morning. Good morning so He what is the likelihood is that the prosecution can go ahead over the objections of Charlie sheen's wife. Well there's no question they can proceed -- -- her cooperation in her objections don't mean much -- though they'd like ", "of his children in the World Cup biting you in the that unable mind cannot process.  Charlie Sheen  is expected to return to the seventh  Two and a Half Men  on March 4 it's a return that could make for some awkward moments. I'm Ned potter ", "biting you in the -- -- that -- unable mind cannot process. Charlie Sheen is expected to return to the seventh Two and a Half Men on March 4 it's a return that could make for some awkward moments. I'm Ned potter ABC news New York. ", "Actor  Charlie Sheen  could face trial this summer on domestic on brief appearance in court. This  Two and a Half Men  pled not guilty to charges He held set and nights at the center. Given  Charlie sheen 's history drugs and alcohol and ", "Actor Charlie Sheen could face trial this summer on domestic violence charges the star denies He threatened his wife during a Christmas Day incident at their home. Lisa Fletcher reports on -- brief appearance in court. This -- Two and a Half Men pled not guilty to charges He held a knife to his wife's neck on Christmas Day. Tell -- what happens. Deadly I think it for the world and -- -- lightning strike me. She was arrested and charged with two felonies and told if He used drugs or alcohol he'd be locked up. Today He is back at work when -- took a leave of absence from the hit show Two and a Half Men to enter a drug and alcohol recovery center. But now after only two weeks is ending full time treatment in exchange for days on the set and nights at the center. Given Charlie sheen's history -- drugs and alcohol and how many times he's been in treatment centers. For him to only go in for two ", "famous who seems to be in trouble beyond our reach or help.  Charlie Sheen  has given an interview to ABC news and tonight Andrea canning us what He said and the concerned reaction this evening.  Charlie Sheen  is out of a job and now he's fighting back creating well ", "famous who seems to be in trouble beyond our reach or help. Charlie Sheen has given an interview to ABC news and tonight Andrea canning tells us what He said and the concerned reaction this evening. Charlie Sheen is out of a job and now he's fighting back creating -- -- well I mean wouldn't you. Kind of a job. ", "Now  Charlie Sheen  is breaking it sounds but that while Earnings got a chipper upbeat  Charlie Sheen  is downplaying the allegedly drunk tonight's episode man. Ratings for  Two and a Half Men  are up 7%. Since news of his latest ", "should be excited about is tonight's episode -- -- man. Ratings for Two and a Half Men are up 7%. Since news of his latest troubles surfaced. Proof that perhaps even bad publicity really is good. -- -- -- ", 'watch that many continue to watch his number one comedy.  Two and a Half Men . CBS has been on the sidelines a little bit but this time in Robin. Of course were concerned about him personally  Charlie Sheen  but professionally this at some point take a toll on his ', 'us to watch that many continue to watch his number one comedy. Two and a Half Men . CBS has been on the sidelines a little bit but this time they said they have a high level of concern over ']