['just four letters on the board got tough for " Wheel of Fortune " contestant Autumn Erhard, she thought of what workout" - together and saying them aloud to " Wheel of Fortune " host  Pat Sajak  made the 30-year-old from Laguna Niguel ', 'appear on World News. Winning the $1 million prize on " Wheel of Fortune " is like pulling off a no-hitter; almost impossible Next, she had to get a secret card on another spin.  Pat Sajak  held it. Then, with only four letters showing, she ', '"  Wheel of Fortune  " has been a fixture on co-hosts Pat Sajack and  Vanna White . Whether you\'re a game of the show was not " Wheel of Fortune ." It was called "Shoppers rubber "flippers." 3.  Vanna White  has worn more than 5 ', "Renee Durette: 'Wheel of Fortune' Contestant Loses Chance at Prize After Mispronouncing Word", 'a roll toward thousands of dollars on the game show " Wheel of Fortune ." She had the winning answer to the word puzzle pronouncing "swimming" as "swimmin\'." Host  Pat Sajak  had to backtrack and said he couldn\'t accept her answer ', 'introduced the first molded plastic tackle box in 1952. After "People" magazine included a photo of " Wheel of Fortune \'s"  Vanna White  using a plastic tackle box to store her make-up, Plano Molding Company soon created its first Caboodle ', 'Pat Sajak . Credit: David Getty Images.  Pat Sajak  needs to buy a on ESPN2, the " Wheel of Fortune " host claimed that years ago, he and  Vanna White  used to have 6, Sajak and " Wheel of Fortune " will host a Military ', 'Pat Sajak  hasn\'t always been the sober host seen nightly on " Wheel of Fortune ." Sajak, who has been hosting the game tossing back a few margaritas with sidekick  Vanna White . "When I first started and was much ', 'contrast that with the billion dollars  Merv Griffin  earned as the creator of two of from the Great Depression, or  Merv Griffin , creator of "Jeopardy!" and " Wheel of Fortune ," two of the most lucrative and ', 'Last year, 94-year-old Percy Swanson got to meet the woman he\'d had a crush on since 1982 -- " Wheel of Fortune \'s"  Vanna White . A faithful "Wheel" watcher, Swanson got some facetime with the show\'s most famous personality during ', 'attack at a rally in Rawalpindi.  Merv Griffin  July 6, 1925 Aug. 12, 2007  Merv Griffin  was both an entertainer, who entered shows like "Jeopardy!" and " Wheel of Fortune ." Born into a middle-class ', 'Merv Griffin , who parlayed a talent long-running game shows " Wheel of Fortune " and "Jeopardy." With Starting in 1964, "The  Merv Griffin  Show" was on daytime television his television company,  Merv Griffin  Enterprises, to Coca Cola ', 'the world knew him as  Merv Griffin . The 82-year-old syndicated history. " Wheel of Fortune " and "Jeopardy more than 50 years as  Merv Griffin , not as somebody else\'s for his work on "The  Merv Griffin  Show," according to ', 'Entertainment mogul  Merv Griffin  has been hospitalized in Los Angeles. Griffin, the creator of hit TV game shows "Jeopardy!" and " Wheel of Fortune ," was admitted to the intensive care unit at Cedars-Sinai ', 'scenes. When  merv griffin  first created it, " wheel of fortune " was called shopper\'s bizarre.  Chuck woolery  and  susan stafford . Pat in 1981 tv history. " Wheel of fortune ."  Pat sajak  and  vanna white . Reporter ', 'shows of all-time. What a treat to be behind the scenes. When merv griffin first created it, " wheel of fortune " was called shopper\'s bizarre. Chuck woolery and susan stafford . Pat in 1981. Vanna, in 1982. And the rest is tv history. " Wheel of fortune ." Pat sajak and vanna white . Reporter: They are america\'s first family of the alphabet. I\'m so excited to be in the new york version of "the wheel." ', 'his early days and  wheel of fortune . In an interview with and liquid lunches  Vanna White . Turns a piece of third in Hollywood  wheel of fortune  host pat made a shocking have you ever done  wheel of fortune  a little bit drunk ', "waves this morning -- those new revelations about his early days and wheel of fortune . In an interview with our sister network ESPN's agent had some fun talking about his long -- and liquid lunches -- Vanna White . Turns a piece of tape some shows after more than a few margaritas. And ABC's David Wright has the details. Who is Mexican spirit three consonants or valves. Now causing quite this third in Hollywood wheel of fortune host pat -- -- -- made a shocking revelation. -- -- When -- behind the wheel. Of the most popular syndicated game show on television. -- police sobriety is optional have you ever done wheel of fortune a little bit drunk. Yes about it TV and -- cute pat say Jack confessing to ESPN. Headed. The -- looks Archos ", 'Thank you, george. The million-dollar winner. On " wheel of fortune ." Her name, autumn. She beat the odds to win the mind. Just a letter will appear? You and I will be  vanna white . This is a phrase. No wild cards. Can I get a "g ', 'don\'t mind. Just a letter will appear? You and I will be vanna white . This is a phrase. No wild cards. Can I get a "g"? An a. Oh, there\'s an "m." It\'s blank, blank, blank, ', 'involved blood. Does involve the  wheel of fortune  right just when involves pat say Jack and  Vanna White  be longtime team of  wheel of fortune  Jack tells our colleague that ', "don't worry this story is not involved -- blood. Does involve the wheel of fortune right -- just when involves pat say Jack and Vanna White be longtime team of wheel of fortune -- Jack tells our colleague that he ESPN two that in the show's early days. Heat and light years since without between ", 'Webcast: Deadly Weekend for U.S. Troops; Shuttle Damage; Remembering Merv Griffin ', 'mourning the loss of is alleged  Merv Griffin  singer songwriter and actor was best known as the host of the  Merv Griffin  Show. The on daytime TV for more of hit game shows jeopardy and  wheel of fortune . had been suffering from prostate ', 'him into surrendering. Hollywood is mourning the loss of -- is alleged Merv Griffin singer songwriter and actor was best known as the host of the Merv Griffin Show. The -- on daytime TV for more than twenty years. If it was also an avid game player which led to a new career as the creator of hit game shows jeopardy and wheel of fortune . -- had been suffering from prostate cancer he was 82 years old. Finally an appetizing apparition a family noted that -- in ', "Game show host pat say Jack admits he wasn't always sober while hosting  wheel of fortune . In an interview on ESPN's highly questionable with it and hard. They got revealed that in the early days of wheeled him in ", "show host pat say Jack admits he wasn't always sober while hosting wheel of fortune . In an interview on ESPN's highly questionable with it and -- -- hard. They got revealed that in the early days of "]