["Jay Leno, Brad Garrett, James Earl Jones, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck in The Foxlight.Leno says he has every dime he ever made from his multi-million dollar Tonight Show paycheck. He lives on the money he makes from stand-up appearances. That according to the new Jerry Seinfeld movie Comedian .Here's something the movie doesn't tell you: Leno allegedly goes to sleep in the middle of his two hour act. That's right. Walking back and forth on the stage he says the material is so familiar he nods off while performing. Does the audience return the favor?Brad Garrett looked and acted like Jackie Gleason but it's the script that wasn't 'the great one.' Brad, you very big lug, you deserve better material.The force must have been called money. James Earl Jones confirms he'll be back as the voice of Darth Vader at the end of Star Wars: Episode III , presumably after Anakin goes through puberty.Finally, those nude photos on the internet aren't really Matt Damon and Ben Affleck. And they're mad abo...", 'They were everybody\'s favorite "real" family: The parents fought, they lived in a seemingly normal house, they looked like people we know and they made us laugh.Afte...', 'Complete list of winners at Sunday\'s 57th Annual Prime-time Emmy Awards ( search ) presented by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences:Drama Series: "Lost," ABC.C...', 'Raymond flirted with the great beyond as one of TV\'s most beloved sitcoms came to an end after nine laugh-filled seasons."I think I saw a light," the flustered Raymo...', 'Nominees in all categories for the 56th annual Primetime Emmy awards, announced Thursday by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences:1. Animated Program (For Progra...', 'Nominees in major categories for the 55th annual Primetime Emmy Awards announced Thursday by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences:Drama Series : CSI: Crime Scen...', 'Here are the nominees in major categories for the 56th annual Primetime Emmy Awards:Drama Series : "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation," CBS; "Joan of Arcadia," CBS; "Th...', 'List of winners at Sunday\'s 55th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards presented by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences:Drama Series : "The West Wing," NBC.Comedy Serie...', 'Show biz has always been a wild rollercoaster ride, and 2003 was no exception. For every Hollywood highlight, there was a lowlight waiting in the wings to tip the sc...', 'Jorja Fox ( search ), the "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation" star who was fired for skipping work in a salary dispute, is returning to the hit CBS drama.Fox reached an...', 'The Fox network may not be the happiest of families now that Brad Garrett has channeled his inner Don Rickles .Garrett, whose new sitcom, " `Til Death ," will be on ...']