['Direct ended with Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime promising a look a new "Super Smash Bros" and a new " Mario Kart " come E3. A new, non-side-scrolling Mario game is also expected to be announced. We could also be surprised by ', "Wimpy Kid series Harry Potter series The Hunger Games series Magic Tree House series Favorite Video Game Just Dance 4  Mario Kart  7 Skylanders Giants Wii Sports Favorite App Angry Birds Fruit Ninja Minecraft Temple Run The Kids' Choice Awards air ", 'social media mean to you as games evolve? A: The way that we use the ghost data in " Mario Kart " is a good example of that. When you\'re playing " Mario Kart ," you can record how you\'ve played through the course with your ghost data and you ', 'confirmation that this year\'s E3 trade show will have previews of a new 3-D Mario game as well as new entries into the " Mario Kart ," "Yoshi\'s Story," and "Super Smash Bros." series. Nintendo released the Wii U in November and promised continuous ', 'each other and close in. Tactical, simple and operating on many of the same split-screen principles that make the " Mario Kart ," series so popular, these "tag" games beg for sequels and expansions. If you are one of the poor souls who bought ', 'success, Nintendo officially had a character-branded sport worth revisiting on their hands, akin to Mario Golf or  Mario Kart . The Nintendo GameCube\'s 2004 release of "Mario Power Tennis" was generally held in high regard, so much so that ', 'The  Mario Kart  series has taken no steps backward in its evolution from the game, simple tweaks have been added to the popular formula.  Mario Kart  64 introduced hills,  Mario Kart  Double Dash brought us kart customization,  Mario Kart  DS added ', 'franchise titles to get fans to make the plunge at last. Highly anticipated games like "Super Mario Land 3DS" and " Mario Kart  7" will be available before 2011 is over, and the long-awaited return of Pitt in "Kid Icarus: Uprising" will come ', 'Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, this is a racing game filled with cartoony combat. Similar in play style to the popular " Mario Kart " series, kids race around tracks found throughout the world while collecting weapons and gadgets to use against their ', 'do.\'" It is important to note that positive bonding time was only associated with age-appropriate video games.  Mario Kart , Mario Brothers, Wii Sports, Rock Band and Guitar Hero topped the list of games that girls most often played, while ', "and playing more than a dozen minigames peppered throughout the huge map, including ones influenced by games such as  Mario Kart ,Tower Defense,Bejeweled and Cooking Mama. Similar to Disney's popular Club Penguin and other online game worlds ", "your daily commute. It's highly recommended that you use the Wii wheel, which you might already have if you own the  Mario Kart  Wii game. Alternatively, for an extra $10 you can pick up Excitebots: Trick Racing with a wheel in the box. Simply ", 'We figured it was my time. That we would what it looked like. In the real world. And we.', "It's endo is gearing up for the holiday season with some new titles in well loved franchise's. Super  Mario Kart  seven point. This comes out December 4 and promises to bring some new tricks to the series has been around for nearly twenty years ", "the holiday season with some new titles in well loved franchise's. Super Mario Kart seven point. This comes out December 4 and promises to bring some new tricks to the series has been around for nearly ", "I'm OK with it. it's all right yes anyway movement. Along with the current real Marriott cutback we're gonna real  Mario Kart  students coast through MIT. Hallways. Using it basically a real life and marry a member of the Nintendo game which ", "with the current real -- Marriott cutback we're gonna -- -- real Mario Kart students coast through MIT. Hallways. Using it basically a real life and marry a member of the Nintendo game which first appeared ", 'they have some innovations to show us there absolutely  Mario Kart  Wii which comes out April 27. grab the we will this is essentially leaderboard where He can actually see  Mario Kart  channel that could really taking it absolutely. You ', 'video games and they have some innovations to show us there absolutely Mario Kart Wii which comes out April 27. -- grab the we will this is -- to -- Nintendo. Basically what you have here ', "the Mario -- -- is essentially leaderboard where He can actually see Mario Kart channel that could really taking it -- absolutely. You gotta go so basically here you know you're just using the -- will ", 'of the Microsoft Xbox and Sony PlayStation 3. Four of the top ten games last month were Wii titles they were Wii Fit  Mario Kart  Wii Wii play and Star Wars the force unleashed. Despite the slumping economy Nintendo expects sales to hold up through ', 'top ten games last month were Wii titles they were Wii Fit Mario Kart Wii Wii play and Star Wars the force unleashed. Despite the slumping economy Nintendo expects sales to hold up through the holidays. ']