['trouble and and that can really take out a big portion of the economy so you believe the cliche what has now become a  too big to fail  it applies here it is too big to you can let it fail and I think what some of the senators are referring to is possibly ', 'you believe the -- cliche what has now become a -- -- too big to fail it applies here it is too big to -- you can let it fail and I think what some of the senators ', "make sense of all draw on the wisdom of our friend  Andrew Ross Sorkin . Financial columnist and an act faster to see you that's that's he's been you know people are much  too big to fail  the next crisis if there is one if municipalities and ", 'make sense of all -- draw on the wisdom of our friend Andrew Ross Sorkin . Financial columnist and an act faster to see you good to see you early happy new -- to thank -- not to ', "live now times business reporter and author of  too big to fail Andrew Ross Sorkin  welcome back injury and I guess it's no surprise only so much a Mark McGwire type it actually hit  Andrew Ross Sorkin  thanks very much.", "joining us live now -- -- times business reporter and author of too big to fail Andrew Ross Sorkin welcome back injury and I guess it's no surprise -- you look back at the -- asking -- -- proposed fees on ", '-- went only so much a Mark McGwire type it actually hit Andrew Ross Sorkin thanks very much. ', "Democrats insist that some banks are  too big to fail . If they were to go down the moments but let's go first  Andrew Ross Sorkin  a business writer at the New cliche what has now become a  too big to fail  it applies here it is too big ", "crisis for Detroit in just a few moments but let's go first Andrew Ross Sorkin a business writer at the New York Times. -- let this issue of letting big banks fail. Good idea bad idea -- ", 'Mildred pierce. The pillars of the earth. And  too big to fail . The nominees for lead actress in miniseries or Aegis seldom there. Laurence Fishburne Thurgood.  William Hurt too big to fail . Greg near the Kennedy is. Barry Pepper at the ', 'a miniseries or movie are. Aegis seldom -- there. Laurence Fishburne Thurgood. William Hurt too big to fail Greg -- near the Kennedy is. Barry Pepper at the Kennedy is. And Edgar Ramirez Carlos. The nominees for outstanding host for ']