["just hope she sticks around. Sticking around is exactly what so many soap haven't been able to do. Yes canceled  as the world turns  after more than seventy years extinguish guiding eight. Meanwhile NBC lost their passion for passions and another ", "what so many soap -- haven't been able to do. Yes canceled as the world turns after more than seventy years extinguish guiding -- eight. Meanwhile NBC lost their passion for passions and another world -- -- no ", "Michael park and Maura west from  as the world turns  were named best actor and actress and  soap opera . As you might know the show show someone hasn't watched  as the world turns  and Doctor Mehmet Oz picked up ", "daytime -- took center stage yesterday Michael park and Maura west from as the world turns were named best actor and actress and -- soap opera . As you might know the show is ending its 53 year run in September hard to believe. Comedian Ellen DeGeneres took home the award for best entertainment talk show someone hasn't watched as the world turns and -- -- Doctor Mehmet Oz picked up the Emmy for best talk show host. For the doctor -- It's still Leone ", "but an increase of 21000 claims from last week's. Take speech on the headline if you could Matt. Yeah you know  as the world turns  Stephanie it's you know if you look at the four week moving average it is inched down just a little bit but it's ", "-- speech on the headline if you could Matt. Yeah you know as the world turns Stephanie it's you know if you look at the four week moving average it is inched down just a little bit but ", 'another world. Following things. Before she met My Cousin Acquaintances. Marisa Tomei met her fairy godmother on  as the world turns  thirty yeah. Kathy Bates got a head start on misery. By giving some to Erica Kane on all my children and But the ', 'Cousin -- -- -- Acquaintances. Marisa Tomei met her fairy godmother on as the world turns thirty yeah. Kathy Bates got a head start on misery. By giving some to Erica Kane on all my children and -- ', "As the world turns  its eye toward China and the Olympic Games. There's a battle brewing right now in China's own backyard. The people of neighboring ", "As the world turns its eye toward China and the Olympic Games. There's a battle brewing right now in China's own backyard. The people of neighboring "]