['standard to pay for things. Citizens and cylons alike used cubits. Both the universes of both "Star Wars" and " Battlestar Galactica " were science fiction, but what would it take to make a standardized space currency a reality? That is among ', 'has also earned her acclaim. She\'s earned a Emmy and a bevy of other nominations for the part. Starbuck, " Battlestar Galactica " A quick-tempered, cocky fighter pilot, Kara "Starbuck" Thrace, played by Katee Sackhoff, can be insubordinate ', 'extraterrestrials has become commonplace in the last few decades. "We have grown up with \'Star Trek,\' \'Star Wars\' and \' Battlestar Galactica ,\'" MacDonald said. "We\'re at the point where we\'d say \'What planet are you from? Oh well, let\'s have ', 'of customers, such as guys like on the hit TV show "Big Bang Theory," whose sexual fantasies run towards " Battlestar Galactica ." "A lot of our business at the Bunny Ranch is gamers," Hof said. "Because of the computers and because ', 'Dixon said. "We\'re able to fill in a lot of the gaps." So let\'s say your brother has "liked" a " Battlestar Galactica " page on Facebook, the gift finder could generate results that include other science fiction TV shows as well ', "iPhone 3.0, Internet Explorer 8, and Dell's Adamo Laptop on PC World Podcast Episode 21", 'Casual Friday column, Richard Hatch of  Battlestar Galactica  went on to talk with us about a social Here are a couple of our favorites: The  Battlestar Galactica  "Song": A  Battlestar Galactica  Mod for Homeworld 2: A slightly lighter ', "and The Big Lebowski. NBC's TV programming includes The Office, Heroes and 30 Rock, as well as SCI FI's  Battlestar Galactica  and Eureka . With the addition of NBC Universal to the PlayStation Store, Sony now has content from all the major ", 'downloading favorite episodes of classic Star Trek ( A Piece of the Action !), not to mention catching up on some  Battlestar Galactica  viewing and downloading random episodes of Stargate Atlantis , Babylon 5 , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , and The X-Files ', "nights in the U.S., but not until Sunday in the UK. Same deal (different days) for the SCIFI Channel's  Battlestar Galactica . Reverse deal (airs in the UK first, and the US later) for the popular British sci-fi series Doctor Who ", 'Disney Channel), Dirty Jobs (Discovery),  Battlestar Galactica  (Sci Fi) and live NBA, MLB and college basketball chapters) of 30 Rock and The Office (NBC),  Battlestar Galactica  (Sci Fi), CSI and soaps such as Guiding Light ', "with TV listings and news and features, the portal's TV beta service has a list of 40 shows including 30 Rock,  Battlestar Galactica , Chuck, Heroes, House, Prison Break and The Simpsons. Experience:Each show has several full episodes and ", 'monument and the audiences than completely it was cutting. In and out president it was a bad cell phone connects and  Battlestar Galactica . One student from Auburn University. Said that they cut it right when he said problem solvers that she had to ', 'and out president -- it was a bad cell phone connects and Battlestar Galactica . One student from Auburn University. Said that they cut it right when he said -- -- problem solvers that she had to ', "you could be with a real woman you mean Bernadette. I mean princess Lynn. Whose sexual fantasies trend toward  Battlestar Galactica  Morningstar about. We're here. A lot of looks at the bunny ranch is is gamers. Because of computers and gain ", "you mean Bernadette. I mean princess Lynn. Whose sexual fantasies trend toward Battlestar Galactica -- Morningstar about. We're here. A lot of -- -- looks at the bunny ranch is is gamers. Because of computers and ", "media attention focused there but. There's thousands of games that you can play in your web browser things like  Battlestar Galactica  online. Million players in six weeks obviously people gravitating towards those hundreds of downloadable games ", 'of games that you can play in your web browser things like Battlestar Galactica online. Million players in six weeks obviously people gravitating towards those hundreds of downloadable games PlayStation network -- where Xbox Live Arcade. ', 'take over that tracks happen maximum overdrive. To the machines that nearly wipe out humanity in this TV show  Battlestar Galactica . But now a group of real life sciences is taking this possibility seriously. And talking about how to make sure ', 'To the machines that nearly wipe out humanity in this TV show Battlestar Galactica . But now a group of real life sciences is taking this possibility seriously. And talking about how to make sure technological research ']