['your pout with a long-wearing lip pencil, says New York City makeup artist Nick Barose. 9 Summer Drinks From  Bethenny Frankel  Pump Up Your Lashes "Lots of mascara helps you get away with the bare minimum makeup," says Barose. Choose long-lasting ', 'layers," she explained. The fitness guru, whose celebrity clients include Gwyneth Paltrow, Jennifer Lopez and  Bethenny Frankel  , is tailoring a program specifically for Kardashian. "She\'s not going to be doing any typical crunches or anything ', 'up looking like the lip injection fairy visited me in the night! Is this how pregnancy face begins?! Yikes!"  Bethenny Frankel  dealt with her "pregnancy face" by putting a pack of frozen veggies on her face. "I\'m a swollen beast. My ', 'Former "Real Housewives of New York" star  Bethenny Frankel  recently told People magazine she\'s shocked that her recent split from husband Jason Hoppy isn\'t amicable. "Someone said ', "pretzel or grab a bag from the grocery, here are a few deliciously good dips to try: Emeril's Cheesy Beer Dip  Bethenny Frankel 's Irresistible Bleu Cheese Dip Clinton Kelly's Chocolate Fondue Gail Simmons' Tangy Ranch Dip Duo", 'Diane Bondareff/AP  Bethenny Frankel  knows the secrets of the "Real their way. Star Sightings:  Bethenny Frankel  Spotted Spinning "I just have 5 \'Skinnygirl\' Snacks From  Bethenny Frankel  As she prepares for the fall ', "Spotted Around Town: Julianne Hough on a 'Girls Weekend,' Bethenny Frankel  Spinning-and More", 'Divorce is never easy, but new talk show host  Bethenny Frankel  did not expect it to be so hard either. "It\'s rough," she confessed this morning on "Good Day New York." "I have to say ', 'Jim Spellman/WireImage/Getty Images) Sticking to your diet between meals can be tough if you\'re hungry.  Bethenny Frankel  stopped by " Good Morning America " with recipes for some of her favorite healthy snacks. Whether you\'re on-the-go ', 'This is something I have wanted to do all my life so it\'s definitely a dream come true!" Wendy Williams and  Bethenny Frankel  launched talk shows with Fox after doing six week test runs, and the daytime TV market has become increasingly crowded ', 'Rinehart, who lost more than 80 pounds after seeing herself on Griffin\'s reality show, "My Life on the D List";  Bethenny Frankel \'s foodie buddy Nick; and John Taylor, a 350-pound guitarist who toured the world with the Jonas Brothers ', 'housewives of new york" star  bethenny frankel  and her hubby, jason hoppy reality for the reality star.  Bethenny frankel  is worth millions. But with real housewife, to mogul.  Bethenny frankel  has played out much of her life ', 'the latest celebrity breakup, between former "real housewives of new york" star bethenny frankel and her hubby, jason hoppy. Was there a prenup signed? And with those details, paula? It could be a cold, hard reality for the reality star. Bethenny frankel is worth millions. But with her marriage to her second husband seemingly every, splitting up may be splitting up her net worth. I think it\'s fanttic. Reporter: From real housewife, to mogul. Bethenny frankel has played out much of her life on tv. Even tying the knot with jason hoppy, on "bethenny getting married" in 2010, ', "Look who is here.  Bethenny frankel  is here this morning. She's all about skinny girl products. I have bethenny and snacks. The idea is to keep trim and healthy ", "Look who is here. Bethenny frankel is here this morning. She's all about skinny girl products. I have bethenny and snacks. The idea is to keep trim and ", 'Reality star accidentally shows too much during appearance with Anderson Cooper.', "Everybody would you pop news. Bethany Frankel her skinny girl margaritas near bank account very fact when she not reported hundred. Million dollars and what Yemen now the could be giving up quite a headache these days she's been ordered. deposed in a class action lawsuit charges skinny girl is not"]