['them excited about it but apparently she one critic. She what critics are has been having a little with  Brandi Glanville Brandi Glanville  was married. To he left brand name to be with Lea Thompson you can guess. These two ladies not lead the ', 'She what critics are -- has been having a little -- with Brandi Glanville Brandi Glanville was married. To -- -- -- -- he left brand name to be with Lea Thompson -- you can guess. These two ', 'It\'s always more fun with me. The boys in question, her husband, eddie cibrian and his two sons to reality star  brandi glanville . Glanville saw the tweet, responded "someone is trying to get under my skin by calling my children her boys ', 'question, her husband, eddie cibrian and his two sons to reality star brandi glanville . Glanville saw the tweet, responded "someone is trying to get under my skin by calling my children her boys. So transparent. They ', "course record New York don't in front of any cards necessary that behind the up. Real housewives of Beverly Hills  Brandi Glanville  Isabel is brought this story as I have been more twists and earnings than absolutely added details that the Bentley ", 'necessary that -- behind the -- up. Real housewives of Beverly Hills Brandi Glanville Isabel is brought this story as I have been more twists and earnings than absolutely -- -- -- added details that the ', 'relationship with eddie cibrian began when the two were married to other people. Cibrian, married to reality star,  brandi glanville . Rimes, was called a homewrecker, as she told robin roberts in 2010. So many things happen to people every day ', 'the two were married to other people. Cibrian, married to reality star, brandi glanville . Rimes, was called a homewrecker, as she told robin roberts in 2010. So many things happen to people every day. If I ', "there. can say is that the big thing right now is that. The bikinis are a little too small. These women. And that  Brandi Glanville  is just you know she's an amazing body she's a model and the men just can't stop looking at her and all the ", "that. The bikinis are a little too small. These women. And that Brandi Glanville is just you know she's an amazing body she's a model and the men just can't stop looking at her and all ", "Painfully that it's disturbing and what's even more disturbing is there's a picture of Eddie's ex wife  Brandi Glanville  there. And the bottom and they look exactly alike. So it seems like she's morphine into this ex wife she's ", "what's even more disturbing is there's a picture of Eddie's ex wife Brandi Glanville -- there. And the bottom and they look exactly alike. So it seems like she's morphine into this ex wife she's also ", "really kind of asking for it means got to know that she looks so. Skinny and he's also looking more and more. But  Brandi Glanville . At these acts why. Like this crazy story that just keeps me she another healthy Amy Palmer thank you so much for ", "she looks so. Skinny and he's also looking more and more. But Brandi Glanville . At these acts why. Like this crazy story that just keeps me she -- another -- healthy Amy Palmer thank you so ", 'dancer dean was having an affair with a leading actor Eddie Cypriot. Who was married with two children to model  Brandi Glanville . The tabloids caught of the romance. And the scandals became a sensation. Was there Tabloid story that you picked ', 'leading actor Eddie Cypriot. Who was married with two children to model Brandi Glanville . The tabloids caught -- of the romance. And the scandals became a sensation. Was there -- -- Tabloid story that you picked ', 'dancer dean chairman was having an affair with a leading actor Eddie Cypriot. Who was married with two children model  Brandi Glanville . The tabloids of the romance and the scandal became a sensation. Was there Warren tabloid story that you picked ', 'leading actor Eddie Cypriot. Who was married with two children -- model Brandi Glanville . The tabloids -- of the romance and the scandal became a sensation. Was there Warren tabloid story that you picked and -- ', "children they're two years old and six years old. And these kids you know are now split between the two homes. And  Brandi Glanville  who is the ex wife of Eddie says how can I compete with Leann Rimes is money I mean she spends 20000 dollars and ", 'these kids you know are now split between the two homes. And Brandi Glanville who is the ex wife of Eddie says how can I compete with Leann Rimes is money I mean she spends 20000 ']