['housewives from "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills,"  Brandi Glanville . Handler told Cohen that she had "one" real housewife on her show, but "not even  Brandi Glanville ." Glanville too came on Cohen\'s "Watch What ', 'Alexandra Wyman/Getty Images  Brandi Glanville  is denying a report that she Rimes Says \'Screw You\' to  Brandi Glanville  Glanville, one of the stars her second son. LeAnn Rimes,  Brandi Glanville  Feud on Twitter "I had the ', 'ABC LeAnn Rimes fired back at husband Eddie Cibrian\'s ex-wife,  Brandi Glanville  , after Glanville called the singer "insane." After joking to Jimmy Kimmel Tuesday night that "I am" insane, Rimes said ', 'for himself. Lindsay\'s team is in no way aligned with him or his actions." LeAnn Rimes vs.  Brandi Glanville  Earlier this month,  Brandi Glanville  claimed that her 9-year-old son got sick after ingesting laxatives belonging to his stepmom ', 'Cibrian had two sons, Mason, 9, and Jake, 5, with his then-wife  Brandi Glanville , who\'s been feuding with Rimes on Twitter over the past few weeks mean-spirited" and untrue. RELATED: LeAnn Rimes Fires Back at  Brandi Glanville', 'Images) The war of words between LeAnn Rimes and  Brandi Glanville  has escalated with Glanville claiming that her 9-year-old Eddie Cibrian as "my boys." READ: LeAnn Rimes,  Brandi Glanville  Feud on Twitter On Saturday, Glanville, 40, tweeted ', '(Image credit: Getty Images) Singer LeAnn Rimes and reality TV star  Brandi Glanville  spent the weekend in a bitter war of words on Twitter. Rimes had a very public affair Eddie Cibrian when he was married to Glanville ', 'the recording, saying she shared it with online acquaintances, one of whom played it for Cibrian\'s ex-wife,  Brandi Glanville . "The whole thing is just ridiculous," she said according to The Associated Press. "It\'s just a celebrity ', 'done," Rimes told People magazine in 2010. I hate that people got hurt ... But I don\'t regret the outcome."  Brandi Glanville , Cibrian\'s ex-wife, recently tweeted about the Stewart-Sanders affair and compared it to her own drama ', 'done," Rimes told People magazine in 2010. I hate that people got hurt ... But I don\'t regret the outcome."  Brandi Glanville , Cibrian\'s ex-wife, recently tweeted about the Stewart-Sanders affair and compared it to her own drama ', 'Reality star  Brandi Glanville  and singer LeAnn Rimes at the boys\' soccer game. Reality TV star  Brandi Glanville  admits she wanted to "kill" singer LeAnn Rimes, who ran off ', 'Housewives" co-stars - Taylor Armstrong, Camille Grammer, Adrienne Maloof and Lisa Vanderpump - and newbies,  Brandi Glanville  and Dana Wilkie - in the reunion because she was in treatment when it was taped the first week of January. The clips ', 'rupture. To give us our satisfaction that we need in the video that this is our holiday holidays all right Leann Rimes  Brandi Glanville . It again this is not going away any of those that. He was married to anti. When he met up with the citizens have ', 'video that this is our holiday -- holidays all right Leann Rimes Brandi Glanville . It again this is not going away any of those -- that. He was married to -- anti. When he met up ', 'them excited about it but apparently she one critic. She what critics are has been having a little with  Brandi Glanville Brandi Glanville  was married. To he left brand name to be with Lea Thompson you can guess. These two ladies not lead the ', 'She what critics are -- has been having a little -- with Brandi Glanville Brandi Glanville was married. To -- -- -- -- he left brand name to be with Lea Thompson -- you can guess. These two ', 'It\'s always more fun with me. The boys in question, her husband, eddie cibrian and his two sons to reality star  brandi glanville . Glanville saw the tweet, responded "someone is trying to get under my skin by calling my children her boys ', 'question, her husband, eddie cibrian and his two sons to reality star brandi glanville . Glanville saw the tweet, responded "someone is trying to get under my skin by calling my children her boys. So transparent. They ', "course record New York don't in front of any cards necessary that behind the up. Real housewives of Beverly Hills  Brandi Glanville  Isabel is brought this story as I have been more twists and earnings than absolutely added details that the Bentley ", 'necessary that -- behind the -- up. Real housewives of Beverly Hills Brandi Glanville Isabel is brought this story as I have been more twists and earnings than absolutely -- -- -- added details that the ', 'relationship with eddie cibrian began when the two were married to other people. Cibrian, married to reality star,  brandi glanville . Rimes, was called a homewrecker, as she told robin roberts in 2010. So many things happen to people every day ', 'the two were married to other people. Cibrian, married to reality star, brandi glanville . Rimes, was called a homewrecker, as she told robin roberts in 2010. So many things happen to people every day. If I ', "there. can say is that the big thing right now is that. The bikinis are a little too small. These women. And that  Brandi Glanville  is just you know she's an amazing body she's a model and the men just can't stop looking at her and all the ", "that. The bikinis are a little too small. These women. And that Brandi Glanville is just you know she's an amazing body she's a model and the men just can't stop looking at her and all ", "Painfully that it's disturbing and what's even more disturbing is there's a picture of Eddie's ex wife  Brandi Glanville  there. And the bottom and they look exactly alike. So it seems like she's morphine into this ex wife she's ", "what's even more disturbing is there's a picture of Eddie's ex wife Brandi Glanville -- there. And the bottom and they look exactly alike. So it seems like she's morphine into this ex wife she's also "]