['doing okay." Mathew Imaging/Getty Images  Calista Flockhart  In real life, Ford\'s romantic life took center stage when he began dating " Brothers and Sisters " star  Calista Flockhart  following his split from second wife Melissa ', 'even before he was snatched in 1973. Paul\'s son, Balthazar, born in 1975, is now an actor on the ABC show "  Brothers and Sisters  ." But Balthazar gained more notoriety for his 2008 affair with actress Sienna Miller that featured widely publicized ', 'an assistant editor at People. "It puts stress on a relationship." Garcia noted that  Dave Annable  and  Emily VanCamp , actors on "  Brothers and Sisters  ," were also an off-screen couple who eventually broke up. Too Much Time Together Could ', '1985 hit film "Footloose."  Calista Flockhart  Before she made a name for herself quirky Ally McBeal in 1997,  Calista Flockhart  had a minor role in 1989 as Kitty Walker on the ABC show " Brothers and Sisters ," and is married to actor ', 'Han Solo is solo no more. Harrison Ford and  Calista Flockhart  are finally married. After eight years of dating all." Age Difference No Issue for Harrison Ford,  Calista Flockhart  For Ford, falling in love with Flockhart later in ', '1985 hit film "Footloose."  Calista Flockhart  Before she made a name for herself quirky "Ally McBeal" in 1997,  Calista Flockhart  had a minor role in 1989 as Kitty Walker on the ABC show " Brothers and Sisters ," and is engaged to actor ', '1985 hit film "Footloose."  Calista Flockhart  Before she made a name for herself quirky Ally McBeal in 1997,  Calista Flockhart  had a minor role in 1989 as Kitty Walker on the ABC show " Brothers and Sisters ," and is engaged to actor ', 'Melissa Steadman), Timothy Busfield (Elliot Weston),  Patricia Wettig  (Nancy Weston), Polly Draper (Ellyn Warren) and Peter It\'s 20 years ... it\'s a long time," said  Patricia Wettig , but "there\'s just a chemistry with the seven of us ', 'Riches," Edie Falco for "The Sopranos,"  Sally Field  for " Brothers and Sisters ," Kyra Sedgwick for "The Closer" and Mariska Sandra Oh all received nods, in addition to  Rachel Griffiths  for "Brothers & Sisters," and Aida Turturro ', "son Kevin ( Matthew Rhys ) and his Wandell ( Luke MacFarlane ). Kevin Rebecca ( Emily VanCamp ). In one brother Justin ( Dave Annable ). For months moves Sarah ( Rachel Griffiths ) returns mom Nora ( Sally Field ) will begin biological clock  Calista Flockhart 's Kitty ", 'Sisters" stars  Calista Flockhart  as Kitty,  Rachel Griffiths  as Sarah,  Sally Field  as Nora Holden,  Ron Rifkin  as Saul Holden,  Patricia Wettig  as Holly,  Balthazar Getty  as Thomas,  Dave Annable  as Justin,  Matthew Rhys  as Kevin as Julia,  Emily VanCamp  as Rebecca ', "west wing and now  Brothers and sisters . you wanted to to a bit hard on  Brothers and sisters  I know what happened feel little list  Rachel Griffiths Ron Rifkin  Balkans are getting and this clip with  Sally Field  you're you're ", "it's. What a cast write this Sally Sally feel -- little list Rachel Griffiths Ron Rifkin Balkans are getting -- -- I mean it's just. It's the greatest group of actors I think on TV right now there sensational and this clip -- with Sally Field you're you're engaged. This is I think we're showing this next week this is this an engagement party that if -- party ", "Turnout to ABC's hit show  Brothers and sisters  one of my favorite. And the comes back. Now I'm curious  Sally Field  I mean that the out the greatest thank you RIA can check out  Brothers and sisters . It airs Sunday nights at 10 ", "it is weird it's nice when -- comes back. Now I'm curious Sally Field I mean that the out the greatest actors on TV in my opinion what is it like working with her. I mean ", "Actress  Sally Field  hasn't done it all walker and ABC's  Brothers and sisters  to just kicked off happening Timmons and and  Brothers and sisters  the walker family is the weekend watching  Brothers and sisters  to their Sunday night ", "Actress Sally Field hasn't done it all gracing the big and small screen she's won two Oscars three Emmys and with one of those enemies coming for her role. As Norah walker and ABC's Brothers and sisters to -- just kicked off its fifth season. And we're so happy to have selling them with -- -- going to -- ", 'Emily VanCamp  plays a young woman who moves to the Hamptons in ABC\'s "Revenge."', 'Matthew one of the siblings and  Brothers and sisters  welcome to the buzz thanks us about your character on  Brothers and sisters . Kevin is the is in falls catch more of Matthew. And  Brothers and sisters  and that airs on ABC Sunday ', 'Joining us now is Matthew -- one of the siblings and Brothers and sisters welcome to the buzz thanks for joining us today Matthew. Thank you good morning good morning now -- tell us how you ', 'moving forward in a big way. Tell us about your character on Brothers and sisters . Kevin is the is in falls in the middle I think with the siblings in in many different ways being -- -- ', 'holiday season and of course you can catch more of Matthew. And Brothers and sisters and that airs on ABC Sunday nights at 10 PM eastern time. ', "mission. This is where the end of cancer begins.  Sally Field  as a part of a galaxy of stars and she's also been. If they nominated for  Brothers and sisters  again about to start its third in a valley there in ", "to cancer its mission. This is where the end of cancer begins. Sally Field as a part of a galaxy of stars and she's also been. If they nominated for Brothers and sisters again about to start its third -- in a valley there in New York it's so good. The -- thank you I ", "playing Norah walker on ABC's  Brothers and sisters . Amid some. The explosion around and  Brothers and sisters  begins its second season we this Sunday night joining us is  Sally Field  to have. hearing that this ", "was one just last Sunday night for playing Norah walker on ABC's Brothers and sisters . Amid some. The explosion around -- -- and Brothers and sisters begins its second season we should say this Sunday night joining us is Sally Field -- to have. -- hearing that this CU so I want to know what you are hearing and seeing. When you're on "]