['by Eunice Kennedy Shriver, were held at Soldier Field in Chicago. In 1969, astronauts Neil Armstrong and Edwin " Buzz "  Aldrin  became the first men to walk on the moon after reaching the surface in their Apollo 11 lunar module. In 1976, America\'s ', "The initiative's website debuted on Wednesday night. David Marcus, the president of PayPal, and former astronaut  Buzz Aldrin  will make a formal announcement on Thursday. The event will be live-streamed at paypal-galactic.com . Anuj Nayar ", "are a couple of those images taken on July 20, 1969.  Buzz Aldrin  posed for this portrait. Neil Armstrong's reflection NASA) Earth can be seen from the moon. (NASA)  Buzz Aldrin  stands next to a U.S. flag after it was placed on ", "and celebrities including Anderson Cooper, Chris Wallace, Jodie Foster, Stephen King, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and  Buzz Aldrin  have tried their luck on the celebrity version of the show. Computer Beats 'Jeopardy!' Champions In the three-day ", "on a flight with Space Exploration Technologies Corp, or SpaceXC, based in Amsterdam. The companies have enlisted  Buzz Aldrin , the Apollo 11 astronaut who walked on the moon with Neil Armstrong in July 1969. In Photos: NASA's 30 Years of ", 'Apollo 11 Commander Died Last Weekend; Private Service in Ohio With Public Memorial to Come', 'Rusty Schweikart said via e-mail. Not for Armstrong was a public persona such as the one of fellow moon-walker  Buzz Aldrin , who has appeared on Dancing with the Stars and once punched a man who claimed the moon landing was a hoax. Armstrong ', '82, said he did not want to live his life as an icon, remembered only for that electric night in 1969 when he and  Buzz Aldrin  walked on the moon. But when you have done what he did -- stepped out, alone, onto another world while half a billion ', 'wavered. As everyone else on Earth held their breath on that day, his heartbeat never changed as he and co-pilot  Buzz Aldrin  made the first piloted landing upon the moon. "Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed," Armstrong informed mission ', 'speeches. "I don\'t want a living memorial,\'\' he once said. He reluctantly joined fellow Apollo 11 astronauts  Buzz Aldrin  and Michael Collins in anniversary celebrations of the moon landing. Armstrong flew Navy fighter jets during the Korean ', "for the cameras aboard the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter. The lack of an Apollo 11 flag is consistent with astronaut  Buzz Aldrin 's memory of the famous mission. Aldrin said the flag blew over from the rocket blast when astronauts left the surface ", "Reconnaissance Orbiter show all flags standing except the one posted by Apollo 11 . That was not a surprise; astronaut  Buzz Aldrin  had reported he saw the flag blown over by the exhaust from their ship's engine as they left the lunar surface ", "you could hear the crowd groan when his name was called  Buzz Aldrin . And his dance partner actually cost to join us live as I've been treated too well we loved watching him  Buzz Aldrin  Ashley thanks very much for joining us. This morning ", 'Stars you could hear the crowd groan when his name was called Buzz Aldrin . And his dance partner actually cost to join us live now from Los Angeles thank you -- get up so early this ', "ladies as as I've been treated too well we loved watching him Buzz Aldrin Ashley -- thanks very much for joining us. This morning. Thank you thank you. ", "couldn't really walk on the motive but  Buzz Aldrin  had a more typical time gliding across the ballroom floor on Dancing With The Stars the latest contestant to be eliminated from ", "-- couldn't really walk on the motive but Buzz Aldrin had a more typical time gliding across the ballroom floor on Dancing With The Stars -- the latest contestant to be eliminated ", "We have a very special treat on what's the buzz today we are so thrilled to be joined by one of the pioneers. Of space exploration. They're great but culture and joins us today the man made famous for being the second person ever to set foot on the moon He joins us today to talk about.", "I longer but you know what it was the premiere and it didn't disappoint that would start with. A little peek at  Buzz Aldrin  and you know my said she's living history I didn't know He was walking on the moon forty years ago. And the judges ", "it didn't disappoint -- that would start with. A little peek at Buzz Aldrin and you know my -- said she's living history I didn't know He was walking on the moon forty years ago. And ", 'ignition sequence starts. Reporter: "Apollo 11" lifts off from cape canaveral, carrying astronauts neil armstrong and  buzz aldrin . Four days later, and those words. That\'s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. Reporter: He would ', '"Apollo 11" lifts off from cape canaveral, carrying astronauts neil armstrong and buzz aldrin . Four days later, and those words. That\'s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. Reporter: He would spend two ', 'July night in 1969 it was a moment that brought the country together. The moon walk by Armstrong and fellow astronaut  Buzz Aldrin  was the most watched television broadcast up to that point in history. Neil Armstrong had heart surgery earlier this ', 'brought the country together. The moon walk by Armstrong and fellow astronaut Buzz Aldrin was the most watched television broadcast up to that point in history. Neil Armstrong had heart surgery earlier this month just days ', 'largest audience up until that time. As Armstrong became the first person to set foot on the moon. He and crew made  Buzz Aldrin  spent two hours and 21 minutes walking taking photographs and raising the American flag. I have become a blast occurred ', 'first person to set foot on the moon. He and crew made Buzz Aldrin spent two hours and 21 minutes walking taking photographs and raising the American flag. I have become a blast occurred. On it ']