['A few years ago I decided to go on a self-directed solo pilgrimage to holy places representing  Hinduism , Buddhism, Judaism, Islam and Christianity. Of course, this was all in the aftermath of my rather public break with President ', 'Hinduism  is  yoga  and  yoga  is  Hinduism ," Dean Broyles suspend the Ashtanga  yoga  program entirely the motions of the  yoga  stretching is somehow invoking  Hinduism  -- and in America practitioners are not even  Hindu ," Baird said ', 'witchcraft, Buddhism,  Hinduism  and eventually Mormonism baptized her into the Mormon  religion  and who she is charged Wicca, Buddhism, and  Hinduism , all of which she explored sort of had roots in  Hinduism  or Buddhism, and were ', "'Nightline' Daily Line, Feb. 5: Jodi Arias Followed Boyfriends' Religious Beliefs", 'flurry of boyfriends and how she followed them into exploring a string of religions including witchcraft, Buddhism,  Hinduism  and eventually Mormonism. Read more HERE and tune into "Nightline" tonight for the full story. Credit: ABC 2:57 p ', 'also not a member of any organized  religion , which is still a pretty rare thing Tulsi Gabbard will be the first  Hindu  congresswoman and Mazie Hirono will almost homogenous with respect to  religion  . For most federal representatives ', 'will be the first  Hindu  congresswoman, and homogenous with respect to  religion  . For most federal Tulsi never ran as a  Hindu  or thought of the some heat for her  religion . In an interview my being the first  Hindu  elected to Congress ', "Ashtanga and  Hindi yoga  as forms prayers to  Hindu  deities the EUSD  yoga  program Ashtanga  yoga , as outlined Ashtanga  yoga  grant. He questioning  Hindu religion  entering exposed to  Hindu  thought and roots in  Hinduism , and what's ", 'in Diversity  Hindu  scriptures describe is a devout  Hindu , a pre-eminent representative of his  religion . He inherited teaches at Banaras  Hindu  University give up. "In  Hinduism , losing one\'s backwardness, and the  Hindu religion  -- at least ', 'even more profound because the Sikh  religion  and the Sikh people are such peaceable hate based on race, hate based on  religion ." Members of the Sikh temple, which is an offshoot of the  Hindu religion , have said that they are often ', 'Colo., and took his  religion  seriously. Eventually applied to Taoism, Judaism,  Hinduism , Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism and became fascinated by  Hindu  Sadhus, who wandered without spirituality hidden beneath our own  religion  of hypocrisy, and be a Sadhu ', 'Indian family walks out of the doorway of the Lord Hanuman  Hindu  Temple in the Karol Bagh neighborhood of New Delhi, India the monkey god, is one of the most revered of gods in  Hinduism . (Kevin Frayer/AP Photo) An Occupy Seattle protester ', 'Reporter: With different cultural and religious backgrounds, their east meets west tri wedding included a traditional  hindu  ceremony, a church wedding and an intimate wedding at a vineyard. For a lot of bride and grooms, doubling or tripling ', 'and religious backgrounds, their east meets west tri wedding included a traditional hindu ceremony, a church wedding and an intimate wedding at a vineyard. For a lot of bride and grooms, doubling or tripling the ', "he came his own  religion  wet. Questions better on history of  religion  and people who say testament. Where the  Hindu  open is shot got with which major  religion  Islam christianity It's going to be  Hinduism . Very good being ", "for me to look -- because father Edward Beck. Has Nicholas -- religion quizzed Kristol the smarty pants and New York Times great journalist home and abroad so he came -- his own religion wet. Questions and the whole idea is that the atheist actually did better on history of religion and people who say -- religious when he got -- some multiple choice should be easy mean. The holy book. Which holy book stipulates that a girl who does not lead on her wedding night should be stoned to death the Koran the old testament. Where the Hindu open is shot got a field test. Correct being -- around me -- even -- the third one was at their book. Something to look at and -- had an interest. Does the -- avenue in the government anyway. So the terrorists who hire neared the suicide deaths in modern times and use women in terror attacks. We're affiliated with with which major religion Islam christianity -- It's going to be Hinduism . Very good being another one cause of acting was really an ethnic -- of the work of art which holy tax is ", "meditation  yoga  discussion time with a  Hindu  family I spent of buddhism  Hinduism  or Judaism doesn't have  yoga . And it's shopper for  religion  you one we come out of  Hinduism  or buddhism know I did  yoga  and united ", 'calls spiritual materialism and you can be like a window shopper for religion you -- -- one we can do the -- -- -- to do nothing anywhere wanting one and all of that is ', 'these the child of god. Of course those values are the heart of not just for Christian faith but of office. From Islam  Hinduism  to seek its. There echoes a powerful call to serve our Brothers and sisters. To keep and our hearts a deep and abiding ', 'just for Christian faith but of office. From -- -- -- Islam Hinduism to seek its. There -- echoes a powerful call to serve our Brothers and sisters. To keep and our hearts a deep ', "number according to on  religion  and public life 35 according to pew forum on  religion  in public life nearly things like meditation and  yoga . Normally I do think body practice so I need  yoga . doesn't have the great cure tradition in  Hinduism  love cure time. doesn't ", "first that whole. Here's an interesting number according to -- -- on religion and public life 35% of Americans are attending religious services and more than one place. That's just the tip of the iceberg ", 'variety of religious tradition. For example according to -- pew forum on religion in public life nearly. Six in ten Americans people from all religious stripes. Blend in to their faith life new age practice ', 'The boom in the  yoga  business has led to gandhi was raised in a  hindu  household and watched find out. But the  yoga  crowd seemed to love is my own personal  religion  in a way. Reporter and accent. Your  religion  symbol? No, just ', "Well, you'll have to watch the movie to find out. But the yoga crowd seemed to love him when he preached the guru inside philosophy at an l.A. Studio. This is my own personal religion in a way. Reporter: Even I got a little caught up in the moment. The problem is not everybody has goodness in ", 'tale told by a man wearing a saffron robe and accent. Your religion symbol? No, just mickey mouse. Reporter: I\'m nick watt for "nightline" in los angeles. Oh, thanks to nick watt for ', "does a non Mormon got a tour how to together so this was  Hindu  temple on before they closed the doors officially to outsiders should be allowed in and they also it's the fastest growing  religion  in the world. It's about one points for 7% of the American ", "non Mormon got a tour how to together so this was -- Hindu temple on before they closed the doors officially to outsiders they let us in front of them what -- -- say about why they don't let outsiders come all the way -- all the time their argument is that it's not so much that it secret. But that its secret what they're doing in there is the holiest of their rituals and they say only the Mormon faithful should be allowed in and they also -- it's the fastest growing religion in the world. It's about one points for 7% of the American population roughly equal to the Jews. They argue that its "]