["The first basically for World News with Charles Gibson presented with limited commercial interruption time. News with Charles this month. Good morning I'm Taina Hernandez at ABC news headquarters in new York this is the world news webcast. A massive tsunami swamped the tiny Solomon Islands in the", 'Easter Offering their prayers saying Easter brings hope to the faithful increased but it was something else he said this  holy week  that made it clear where he stands on priests him. Where he stands on the idea of women ever being ordained Cecilia Vega ', 'to the faithful increased but it was something else he said this holy week that made it clear where he stands on priests -- him. Where he stands on the idea of women ever being ordained ', "president mean that they want to be the Republican nominee I don't even know that He wants that particulars I am asking that  holy week  we've. We've spoken about it and and that you is that you know I'll believe it when I see it. I have great respect ", "even know that He wants that particulars I am asking that -- holy week we've. We've spoken about it and and -- -- -- -- that you is that you know I'll believe it when I ", "Lady Gaga has some Catholics outraged for releasing a just in time for  holy week . Was she declares her love for June as the apostle saint from betraying Jesus. Now it's a song and she is doing their thing ", "has some Catholics outraged for releasing a -- just in time for holy week . Was she declares her love for June as the apostle saint -- -- from betraying Jesus. Now it's a song and she ", "what we're called to. And land is that preparation period before we celebrate the greatest mysteries of our faith with  holy week  betrayal on holy Thursday Good Friday. The Easter vigil. This time to remember who we are what we've been baptized ", "preparation period before we celebrate the greatest mysteries of our faith with holy week betrayal on holy Thursday Good Friday. The Easter vigil. This -- -- time to remember who we are what we've been baptized ", "spirit can be working to renew the church. Even amidst the ashes of such wanton abuse of power and religion by some. And  holy week  is upon us. And if this isn't the church's Good Friday. I don't know what is. I can only hope that the promise ", "such wanton abuse of power and religion by some. And -- -- holy week is upon us. And if this isn't the church's Good Friday. I don't know what is. I can only hope that the ", "turnout today in Saint Peter's Square. The start of  holy week  one week to Easter and otherwise happy occasion despite day in the faithful gathered to celebrate the start of  holy week . Many of them children. Here to mark the upcoming world ", "-- an enormous turnout today in Saint Peter's Square. The start of holy week one week to Easter and otherwise happy occasion despite the hard questions shadowing Pope Benedict. On a crystal clear day in -- the faithful gathered to celebrate the start of holy week . Many of them children. Here to mark the upcoming world youth day. Among the prayers a special one for young people and ", 'Pope Benedict honored his predecessor John Paul the second. Marking five years since the death but swirling through this  holy week . New questions for the Pope for instance who will now the church over sex abuse by. Priests. And also what more should ', 'the second. Marking five years since the death but swirling through this holy week . New questions for the Pope for instance who will now -- the church over sex abuse by. Priests. And also what more ', 'Pope Benedict honored his predecessor John Paul the second. Marking five years since the death but swirling through this  holy week . New questions for the for instance who will now the church over sex abuse by priests. And also what more should the ', 'the second. Marking five years since the death but swirling through this holy week . New questions for the -- for instance who will now -- the church over sex abuse by priests. And also what more ', "Marking five years since the death but swirling through this  holy week . New questions for the Pope for instance who will now you whether passover or for Christians the beginning of  holy week  we'll see you right back your mind.", 'the second. Marking five years since the death but swirling through this holy week . New questions for the Pope for instance who will now -- the church over sex abuse by. Priests. And also what more ', "for all of you whether passover or for Christians the beginning of holy week we'll see you right back your mind. ", "Despite dark clouds hanging over the Catholic Church amid allegations of sexual abuse the presided over the start of  holy week  on Sunday at saint Peter's basilica. The 82 year old pontiff is under fire for failing to act against predator priests ", "amid allegations of sexual abuse the -- presided over the start of holy week on Sunday at saint Peter's basilica. The 82 year old pontiff is under fire for failing to act against predator priests and ", "for years say it's public relations are at a low There doesn't appear to be any PR strategy brutal will be during  holy week  He himself is still made no comment on the wider scandal that he's left the apologizing to a spokesman. They judge ", "appear to be any PR strategy brutal will be -- -- during holy week He himself is still made no comment on the wider scandal that he's left the apologizing to a spokesman. They judge cannot. ", "cities Cape Hatteras North Carolina as well Rocky Mountain National Park in Mount Rainier now these areas as we get and the  holy week  in you'll see a lot of showers on the board. I'm on the fourth of July as well as you get toward the East Coast is ", "Park in Mount Rainier now these areas as we get and the holy week in you'll see a lot of showers on the board. I'm on the fourth of July as well as you get toward ", "these as separate and. He's at all And I heard that when you were doing the out of town of company in Cincinnati around  holy week  time it was there there are leading a totally against allegedly happened with the from that was. It was an extraordinary ", 'doing the out of town of company in Cincinnati -- -- around holy week time it was there there are leading a totally against allegedly happened with the -- from that was. It was an extraordinary ', "state and from region to region and I don't can't give a simple answer that would cover every state every city. But  holy week  we do have that information available to you through the the motor vehicle. Administrations of the states as well through ", "give a simple answer that would cover every state every city. But holy week we do have that information available to you through the the motor vehicle. Administrations of the states as well through your doctor's ", 'getting back to the holy for me you know outside the tall buildings and energy of the city. And speaking of holy business  holy week  and you and I have both pastors we preach we have to do all of that. And I was thinking how do you make Good Friday funny ', 'tall buildings and energy of the city. And speaking of holy business holy week and you and I have both pastors we preach we have to do all of that. And I was thinking how do ', "really love the book and I don't just say that I mean your on the show because they really loved the book and we're in  holy week  now and what I felt as reading this at this time. self honest in the book about your addiction your failed marriage about ", "on the show because they really loved the book and we're in holy week now and what I felt as reading this at this time. -- self honest in the book about your addiction -- -- ", "sort of you talk about a lot about how the complicated relation. But religion just broccoli today Easter Sunday in this  holy week  from passover Good Friday Easter it's really interesting to realize. That a person like Einstein. Could have a deep ", "relation. But religion just broccoli -- -- today Easter Sunday in this holy week from passover Good Friday Easter it's really interesting to realize. That a person like Einstein. Could have a deep faith who sometimes "]