["Religion, geography and ceremony-style contribute to couples' desire to tie knot more than once.", "he came his own  religion  wet. Questions better on history of  religion  and people who say testament. Where the  Hindu  open is shot got with which major  religion  Islam christianity It's going to be  Hinduism . Very good being ", "for me to look -- because father Edward Beck. Has Nicholas -- religion quizzed Kristol the smarty pants and New York Times great journalist home and abroad so he came -- his own religion wet. Questions and the whole idea is that the atheist actually did better on history of religion and people who say -- religious when he got -- some multiple choice should be easy mean. The holy book. Which holy book stipulates that a girl who does not lead on her wedding night should be stoned to death the Koran the old testament. Where the Hindu open is shot got a field test. Correct being -- around me -- even -- the third one was at their book. Something to look at and -- had an interest. Does the -- avenue in the government anyway. So the terrorists who hire neared the suicide deaths in modern times and use women in terror attacks. We're affiliated with with which major religion Islam christianity -- It's going to be Hinduism . Very good being another one cause of acting was really an ethnic -- of the work of art which holy tax is ", "meditation  yoga  discussion time with a  Hindu  family I spent of buddhism  Hinduism  or Judaism doesn't have  yoga . And it's shopper for  religion  you one we come out of  Hinduism  or buddhism know I did  yoga  and united ", 'calls spiritual materialism and you can be like a window shopper for religion you -- -- one we can do the -- -- -- to do nothing anywhere wanting one and all of that is ', 'these the child of god. Of course those values are the heart of not just for Christian faith but of office. From Islam  Hinduism  to seek its. There echoes a powerful call to serve our Brothers and sisters. To keep and our hearts a deep and abiding ', 'just for Christian faith but of office. From -- -- -- Islam Hinduism to seek its. There -- echoes a powerful call to serve our Brothers and sisters. To keep and our hearts a deep ', "number according to on  religion  and public life 35 according to pew forum on  religion  in public life nearly things like meditation and  yoga . Normally I do think body practice so I need  yoga . doesn't have the great cure tradition in  Hinduism  love cure time. doesn't ", "first that whole. Here's an interesting number according to -- -- on religion and public life 35% of Americans are attending religious services and more than one place. That's just the tip of the iceberg ", 'variety of religious tradition. For example according to -- pew forum on religion in public life nearly. Six in ten Americans people from all religious stripes. Blend in to their faith life new age practice ', 'The boom in the  yoga  business has led to gandhi was raised in a  hindu  household and watched find out. But the  yoga  crowd seemed to love is my own personal  religion  in a way. Reporter and accent. Your  religion  symbol? No, just ', "Well, you'll have to watch the movie to find out. But the yoga crowd seemed to love him when he preached the guru inside philosophy at an l.A. Studio. This is my own personal religion in a way. Reporter: Even I got a little caught up in the moment. The problem is not everybody has goodness in ", 'tale told by a man wearing a saffron robe and accent. Your religion symbol? No, just mickey mouse. Reporter: I\'m nick watt for "nightline" in los angeles. Oh, thanks to nick watt for ', "does a non Mormon got a tour how to together so this was  Hindu  temple on before they closed the doors officially to outsiders should be allowed in and they also it's the fastest growing  religion  in the world. It's about one points for 7% of the American ", "non Mormon got a tour how to together so this was -- Hindu temple on before they closed the doors officially to outsiders they let us in front of them what -- -- say about why they don't let outsiders come all the way -- all the time their argument is that it's not so much that it secret. But that its secret what they're doing in there is the holiest of their rituals and they say only the Mormon faithful should be allowed in and they also -- it's the fastest growing religion in the world. It's about one points for 7% of the American population roughly equal to the Jews. They argue that its ", "firebomb attacks that also targeted a nearby bodega and two homes including that of the  Hindu  priest. We lived in the constantly. We have freedom of  religion  we have free to speech and we have everything free here saw. I don't or even reason ", "also targeted a nearby bodega and two homes including that of the Hindu priest. We lived in the constantly. We have freedom of religion we have free to speech and we have everything free here saw. I don't or even -- reason why they -- I ", "after a ransom was paid. In Nepal a scene of grief and  Hindu  woman warned a 55 year old elephant that was found shot to death. According to the  Hindu religion  the animal is secret because of the in China's eastern ", "after a ransom was paid. In Nepal a scene of grief and Hindu woman warned a 55 year old elephant that was found shot to death. According to the Hindu religion the animal is secret because of the in China's eastern Jiangsu Province this week romantic feelings were submerged. Along with the area's ", "after a ransom was paid. In Nepal a scene of grief. A  Hindu  woman warned 55 year old elephant that was found shot to death according to the  Hindu religion  the animal is secret because of the in China's eastern ", "after a ransom was paid. In Nepal a scene of grief. A Hindu woman warned -- 55 year old elephant that was found shot to death according to the Hindu religion the animal is secret because of the in China's eastern Jiangsu Province this week romantic feelings were submerged. Along with the area's ", "positive conversation about  religion . He is the founder of the share their thoughts about  religion  are you trying to say we. All  religion  as a light. I'm a very proud conduct also essentially a  Hindu  so does that mean. You believe ", "Too often when religion is in the news it's about how faith divides people in divides countries. But I have the privilege of sitting down with young people of different faiths to talk about how religion can be just the opposite a common bound. Regardless of whether you worship -- at temple a synagogue to church wherever. Here's part one of our two part series the many faces like. Of faith. I was born Muslim. And -- -- lot of African American listeners is -- -- attempting. It happens for I enjoy being a part of my religion -- originality diligently as close and I that it actually and I think that this. Since you haven't had a responsibility. Just as capital being added that annually conduct that -- cars essentially can do so does that mean. You believe in a million different gods. -- smart questioning young minds of all different things taking on what has become one of our most divisive issues religion . When asked who amongst them has felt discrimination have you ever felt discriminated against the -- ever felt that you were insulted ", 'precisely why we need to be proactive about a positive conversation about religion . He is the founder of the interfaith youth core an author of a new book called acts of faith. You look at ', "together to do projects that help others and share their thoughts about religion are you trying to say we. All religion as a light. I'm a very proud was slumped. And some -- my best friends -- people who are very proud choose ", 'Do you see many connections between  Hindu  and Christian teachings. Well actually Understanding. Of reality as we know it. In  Hinduism  ought to be done to and in the teachings moment. going to find in the book of  religion  one of. Of course in that same sermon ', 'this moment. -- -- going to find -- in the book of religion one of. Of course in that same sermon on the mount he talks about as you said love of enemies turning the ', "youngest daughter her native  Hindu  but He is Mormon husband's It's the fastest growing  religion  in America fifteen members a political issue. His  religion  will. The irrelevant and distorted view of the  religion . The church denounces ", "Bangladesh and one from China. He's raising his youngest daughter her native Hindu but He is Mormon husband's campaign comes at a time when you might say warm it is it has gone mainstream. -- beat Romney in a Republican primary field could balance to mormons. It's -- the fastest growing religion in America fifteen members of congress or morbid including the leader of the senate and Huntsman predicts as a political issue. His religion will. The irrelevant. I don't think we'll see -- through -- religious prism I think they look at it any of the ", 'The pop culture for trails offering twisted and distorted view of the religion . The church denounces polygamy of course a practice that is confined to a handful of extremist cults with no ties to the ', 'available writes to practice their  religion  freely. And what that means is that build a synagogue If you could build  Hindu  temple on the site and you should when we start. Acting as if their  religion  is somehow offensive. What are we ', 'certain inalienable rights one of those available writes -- to practice their religion freely. And what that means is that. If you could build a church all site. You could build a synagogue -- -- If you could build Hindu temple on the site and you should be able to build. A mosque. On this. I recognize. The extraordinary sensitivities. Around 9/11. ', "are coworkers. And you know when we start. Acting as if their religion is somehow offensive. What are we saying to them. I've got Muslims. Who are fighting. In Afghanistan. In the uniform of the ", 'was not a war against the Islamic  religion  you could hear in his comments Chris crunch of suppression platoons from  religion  altogether. If you had your way we people over Iraq men and woman to do if  Hindu  friends over the dealer Oman. Anand ', 'and He. Emphasize that this was not a war against the Islamic religion you could hear in his comments Chris. The kinds of concerns that have. Dominated discussion of this war the concern for casualties ', 'detailing the underwater dive team. And the crunch of suppression platoons from religion altogether. If you had your way -- we can happen to him. About 101000 more police officers. Chief Bratton agrees that the ', 'the constitution. And the inalienable right of freedom of  religion . What that means is that. If you could build a church on site. You could build the synagogue If you could build  Hindu  temple on the site then you should be able to build. A ', 'the context of the constitution. And the inalienable right of freedom of religion . What that means is that. If you could build a church on site. You could build the synagogue -- -- -- If you could build Hindu temple on the site then you should be able to build. A mosque. On the side. He also weighed in on other ', 'the constitution. And the inalienable right of freedom of  religion . What that means is that. If you could build a church on site. You could build a synagogue sorry. If you could build  Hindu  temple on the site then you should be able to build. A ', 'the context of the constitution. And the inalienable right of freedom of religion . What that means is that. If you could build a church on site. You could build a synagogue -- -- sorry. If you could build Hindu temple on the site then you should be able to build. A mosque. On the site. He also weighed in on other ', "two goals do the job. And get home alive. Well into the  Hindu  Kush mountains in January but you'd expect snow and mayhem Others it won't end until after a into a hostile to  religion  and still lives in. It's the way. I'm still lives ", "it won't end until after a -- -- into a hostile to religion and still lives in. It's the way. I'm still lives -- it. And I won't fully understand what He means. -- a ", "Washington. To cannot perk up. Her at best it's good  Hindu  prayer. To just gonna like this. And very press going of Centre back on to yes. Don't have to. Tool which  religion  is this is you. Thinking about just that you tense against ", "pets of Centre back on to yes. Don't have to. Tool which religion is this is -- you. Thinking about just that you tense against Sharon it's just unions -- and -- of the most ", "our most divisive issues  religion . When asked who amongst positive conversation about  religion  why aren't we bringing junior's great heroes was  Hindu  Mahatma Gandhi. And was share their thoughts about  religion  are you trying to say we ", "and some women. Making violent political statements in the name of their religion some days it's hard to imagine how we're going to stop the violence. But doctor. Who brought doctor Patel -- a dynamic ", 'things taking on what has become one of our most divisive issues religion . When asked who amongst them has felt discrimination. Have you ever felt discriminated against the -- ever felt that you -- insulted ', "precisely why we need to be proactive about a positive conversation about religion why aren't we bringing people from different. Religious backgrounds together. On the one thing that they all agree on just how can "]