['films such as "The Notebook" , "Blue Valentine" and "Crazy, Stupid, Love" to his political drama role in "The  Ides of March " and the crime drama "Gangster Squad". Gosling talked to the AP about the roles he has played. "There\'s a lot ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', 'honestly, I am," Clooney said on ABC News Now\'s " Popcorn with Peter Travers " before the October release of "The  Ides of March ," a political movie that he wrote, directed and starred in. "Democrats eat their own. Democrats find singular ', "You got to movies. Yet the  ides of march  the coming right after it everybody's was funny because as to prevent  ides of march  you know a guy running for president that if the guy had yet but in  ides of march . You being the governor of Pennsylvania ", "to start by saying you look. You got to movies. Yet the ides of march -- the -- coming right after it everybody's talking Academy Award re global. Pretty greedy you know -- -- them. You know ", "now and life. Europe it was funny because as -- to prevent ides of march you know -- a guy running for president and again it's of starts these questions of would you ever want to run ", "no we don't have that if the guy had yet but in ides of march . You being the governor of Pennsylvania running and then I'll. Primary to work you did I watched them be so I see ", "You Jackman road up real steel knocked up the competition and taken the top spot at the weekend box office. As expected meanwhile the political thriller odds of marquee man. Second place just over ten million bucks it's also the our digital news associate Jackie Fernandez joins us now with their", "George Clooney president. Tonight abcnews.com. They're red river New York City I don't mind us. Response to a question and and decent enough political Donovan right it's a story about morality Well that we were doing a film about him than Wall Street might have been you know any kind of financial.", "You can't really find. We have to do it story and doing nothing bad happens and doing the right thing does your personal theory is they issued holes in his father's exceptions of your You can leave loses kind of outrage and a couple that with the system. We're time. It's dropped him. Hey man I", "George Clooney vs. George Clooney at Golden Globes: Star Discusses 'Descendants,' 'Ides of March'", 'up for all kinds of awards and this Sunday. At the Golden Globes will be Clooney vs his two most recent films the  ides of march  and the descendants head to head in four categories. Including best picture group have from here to would you think ', 'Globes will be Clooney vs -- his two most recent films the ides of march and the descendants head to head in four categories. Including best picture group have -- from here to would you think morning ', "today's top rising searches is a best known. For an assassination in 44 BC Julius Caesar was advised to beware the  ides of march . As we all know he didn't pay too much heed to the soothsayers warning and was murdered on March 15. Also rising ", "an assassination in 44 BC Julius Caesar was advised to beware the ides of march . As we all know he didn't pay too much heed to the soothsayers warning and was murdered on March 15. Also rising ", "centered around a political race the  ides of march  a thriller about a democratic information. Here's a clip from the  ides of march  including a conversation with it was probably. Get me. The  ides of march  also stars Ryan Gosling Philip ", "directed and starred in -- film centered around a political race the ides of march -- a thriller about a democratic presidential hopeful campaign could be derailed by some crucial information. Here's a clip from the ides of march including a conversation with ABC's Peter Travers about his thoughts on the state of our government. Hope you get an education gonna ", 'that the flaws. Of the Democrats it was probably. Get me. The ides of march also stars Ryan Gosling Philip Seymour Hoffman and -- it to may and theaters now. ']