['operations, which are threatened by international sanctions on the  Islamic  republic. Along with other charges, including restructuring vehicle kits it sends there. Tougher U.S. sanctions on the  Islamic  regime that came into effect last month mean Renault cannot ', "current ruling party, Pakistan Muslim League-N, that lawmakers would be on pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia during the end of the  Islamic  holy month of Ramadan. Pakistan's largely ceremonial president is not elected by popular vote, but by the lawmakers in ", 'Ramallah branch of Israeli clothing chain Fox becomes symbol of Palestinian troubles, anger', 'entrepreneurs, technology innovators and pioneers in medicine. Obama spoke at a White House dinner he hosted to celebrate the  Islamic  holy month of Ramadan. The meal, or iftar, breaks the day of fasting when Muslim families and communities eat together after ', "Mubarak's three decades in power, Egypt was America's premier ally in the Arab world and at the heart of its efforts to fight  Islamic  terrorism, roll back Iranian influence across the Middle East and promote peace among Israel and its Muslim neighbors.", 'interpretations of  Islam . Authorities influenced by  Islamic  codes but include interpretations of  Islamic law , or sharia Afghanistan,  Islamic law  can be applied territory. " Islam  asks people country, thanks  Allah \'s blessings ', 'interpretations of  Islam . Authorities influenced by  Islamic  codes but include interpretations of  Islamic law , or sharia Afghanistan,  Islamic law  can be applied territory. " Islam  asks people country, thanks  Allah \'s blessings ', "and a political crisis that nearly derailed Tunisia's transition. The government has blamed Belaid's assassination on  Islamic  extremists. Brahmi, an Arab nationalist, held a seat in the assembly charged with writing the new constitution. Tunisia ", 'with the poise of Grace Kelly. Born in Kalamazoo, Mich., Abedin moved as a toddler to Saudi Arabia, where her father, an  Islamic  scholar born in India, ran an institute that studied Muslim communities in non-Muslim societies, and her mother, a sociology ', 'Nina Burleigh, who has written extensively about the mix of  Islam  and Western society, said the case highlights the dangerous that can happen when female immigrants, particularly from  Islamic  countries, rebel against their cultural restrictions and ', 'the poise of Grace Kelly. Born in Kalamazoo, Michigan, Abedin moved as a toddler to Saudi Arabia, where her father, an  Islamic  scholar born in India, ran an institute that studied Muslim communities in non-Muslim societies, and her mother, a sociology ', 'soldiers and wounded three others. Gaza has endured varying degrees of Israeli and Egyptian border closures since 2006, when the  Islamic  militant Hamas first came to power in Palestinian parliament elections. The blockade was tightened a year later, after Hamas ', 'extremism  Islam  and all of proposed  Islamic  center near what is the  Koran  really say fastest growing  religion  in the world five billion  Muslims . On this the largest  religion  33% and questions about  Islam  as viewed and over in  Islam  is I was peace not  Muhammad  not Mohamed believe in  Jesus  the messiah ', "as we dive into the center of the American debate about extremism Islam and all of us together. -- the national arguments over that proposed Islamic center near ground zero has given rise to so much anger and suspicion. But also genuine thirst for understanding all these emails we received -- -- -- such great tough questions were gonna try to tackle the hundreds of them from thousands of view what is the Koran really say about violence against non believers are Muslim women oppressed and. We're a little louder voices in what is now the fastest growing religion in the world for perspective as of tonight there -- one point five billion Muslims . On this earth and that's 20% of the population. Christianity still the largest religion 33% and that certainly the case of course here in America 165. Million Protestants in this country 68 million Catholics only about five to six million Jews. But the smallest group there only two to three million American Muslims of all different sorts and as we start we want to say that we know that this topic is so deep. We cannot possibly cover it all in one hour and we remind you that on Sunday ABC news will weigh -- again a town meeting with Christian and -- mom for. But let's Begin now with some basic questions about Islam as viewed across the divide. -- only. And Americans disturbed by Islam . I think it's fanatic religion the -- -- and it hurt everybody there. -- American Muslims giving an answer. They tell us. We're just like everybody else and -- in a Muslim in America. In my opinion doesn't make me any different than anyone else can I group in the United States have never lived anywhere else I don't know what other identity I could have a 110. And there. The fact is nearly three quarters of Americans say they don't really know anyone -- Muslim. Nor have they ask what Islam really -- today. So we -- -- to Begin with what Christians might call -- Sunday school lesson. If you are from god shall symmetrical -- what are ordinary Muslim children in America has talked about the religion founded by Mohamad. -- pressed dealers sought me out. And should only trailed. But initially this time it was still worshipping stones ", "than five times now the reality is that the vast majority of Muslims in the United States are not mosque attending kinds of false -- And that's okay we where you know the equivalent of Christmas and Easter Christians and you should. -- in Islam there are no drawings of Mohamed. -- he said that images might become idol worship again. And so Mohamed -- religions spread and branched into many different faces the politics who -- conservative what hobbies. The most Muslims actually live in Asia. And there were secular branches like frozen Turkey and Mohammed said that we should all be tolerant of each other's religion . Our differences are God's mercy. And after he died history saw the first real interfaith era but hundreds of years Jewish Christians and must -- and atheists. And lived together do -- and god debated religion . In those years of enlightenment Muslims helped create advanced math like algebra advanced medicine like the concept of contagious disease. And by some accounts there were Muslims in the crew arriving in America on the Nina -- Santa Maria. Muslims have been in this country since about Columbus we do know that Thomas Jefferson specifically included Islam . -- urging protection of religious freedom. And today the estimated more than two million Muslims live coast to coast in fact in Dearborn Michigan. They make up a third of the population. There are four Muslim city mayors in New Jersey alone. Miss USA as a Muslim. NFL player. And as a population according to one survey of American Muslims have twice the college degrees of the average. They make a higher income than the average -- there is this. 7000 of ", 'sake. We need to give back so hundreds of millions of peaceful Muslims say this is the real face of Islamic . -- a question. How did this religion had become a symbol of Americans here. What about the brutality toward women. Most of all how did we wake up one ', "to list and the queen's royal at number 268. Don't  Islam  because a British tax. She should know as well people think Keeping up with hasn't been easy for the last few months and  religion  is expected duchess and for above its importance to make ", "to list and the queen's royal -- at number 268. Don't -- Islam because -- a British tax. She should know as well -- -- people think she doesn't know these schools for me. Some ", "debate over  Islam  has not escaped meaning of our  religion . I mean stick up for  Islam  except for you think  Islam  as a  religion  of you don't around like  Muslims  being violently building of the  Islamic  center and The Muslim  religion  and I think burn the  Koran . Lot of want to stop  Islam . For the expanding because  Islam  is in its Abraham. To  Moses . To Cheeses ", "They may be teenagers that the angry national debate over Islam has not escaped their notice. People of this a wrong idea about Islam -- -- because Islam is totally against. Terrorism lot of people. Well don't really understand the real meaning of our religion . I mean it's really promoting peace and sometimes people look at the minority -- the majority of Muslims . Practicing their -- He has questioned. The non Muslims here there's any -- have a friend -- a Muslim. None of it and I do. As you hear. Your peers talk. And essentially they're saying that the faith is being misinterpreted and misunderstood. Do you agree what they're -- are now. I think -- missed represented. I don't personally know many Muslims of their friend at one. But it feels it but what Mohammed said that no religion promotes violence and it. What happened on 9/11 doesn't represent. The religion . I don't believe. Terrorists from 9/11 where spotlight completely follow him on that there are radicals but. The Muslim religion shouldn't be associated with -- because. This community center is promoting peace not violence. All the non Muslims stick up for Islam except for Jordan sat whose father is a pastor at a church in Florida. -- plan to burn the kiran but ultimately decided not to. Based on what you've been taught do you think Islam as a religion of -- -- you don't. Why not. -- have been pretty disrespectful towards anyone else they've been pretty violent. Not really a ", "the entire picture adding that -- -- -- -- -- around like Muslims being violently turned the scientists at think it's wrong I think it's -- discuss clearly we're setting with Muslim kids here -- are seeing a peace in the me -- and but a positive way. Turn. Saying that almost and I'm not like pushing anything on you that you're violent that appeared whenever some radical. I'm not putting a whole stereotype on -- that they're all radicals that they all wanna. Bomb the US but as both -- are saying. Every. Religion has radicals what are your thoughts where it cuts that are ready here on the the proposed community -- -- near ground here. I feel of the local -- and he has every right to build that community center or wherever they feel -- And I think that to deny that right is. Is against the constitution. I also feel it's going to be setting a dangerous president for any other religion I think -- should think -- that -- -- Interestingly five disagrees. Did you think of people who want to build a community -- should back out because so many others have been -- that a lot of -- some people do support the fact that if there are people being disturbed by it now and initiative. Departments amounts well. Almost 70% of New Yorkers are against the building of the Islamic center and -- mostly it's a fear factor. They're scared because a lot of them aren't really educated on. The Muslim religion and I think there. Very scared of what happened and -- don't know what to expect Jeannette Richard Jordan just to be ", "The talk turns to the planned by Jordan's church to burn the Koran . Lot of Catholic. And I personally find it offensive because I know some -- Trenton it's like the Bible just like. Unnecessary and it's Sal they could run the whole crime in -- entire worlds and want to stop Islam . For the Muslim people on expanding because Islam is in its wisdom from god to add on. To Abraham. To Moses . To -- -- Cheeses and Mohammed -- be upon him. An ABM almost on people rising attack on my heart and his son is a fastened upon religion when you -- -- are really saying here wait what do you think. Just that. I can't force my beliefs on them ", "Americans fear  Islam . would like history of  Islam . Donna marsh afraid of  Islam  I think Americans said that  Islam  is a peaceful  religion  it's not what the  Muslims  want to do and why.  Islamic  Jihad East teachings of  Islamic law  and so this traditions of  Islam . There are believe that  Jesus  Christ is ", "Bush and President Obama made a great mistake when they said that Islam is a peaceful religion it's not you said -- no evidence in its history. It's religion of hatred it's a religion of war and repeatedly you said that Islam is wicked and evil. Why do you say the. First. Christiane understand what the Muslims want to do in America. They want to build as many -- cultural centers as it possibly can so they can convert. As many Americans as they Candace bomb understand that that's what it took position she heard him and understand understand what they're doing. And I just don't have to have the freedom to do this in most Muslim countries. We can't have a church were not able to build synagogues. It's it's forbidden. But let me just say something about Islam . I loved the Muslim people. But have great difficulty with with -- religions especially was sure real law and what it does ", "movement -- -- and talk tough to it's. There are millions of Muslims in this world that are wonderful. People who don't beat their wives who don't. And practice until what do you cordial wicked religion and people over -- I think to -- to take your daughter because you think that into Richmond religion gives you the authority. Should -- it gives you the authority. For honor killing. And we saw the young girl in Ohio ", "not like it might when he testified in the name of the Koran is -- we have some people -- condition Muslims and -- Jewish and other. You miss you'll as the holy books it's understandable and -- -- the love tonight -- But I am saying that extreme measure a two of them listens to be have a problem understanding -- of this religion and the and if it to a -- I agree with you. I -- -- to the painful and if you want ", 'question is  Islam  inherently this is a  religion  of peace they and  Muslims  are in the commandment of  Jesus  to love thy So how do  Muslims  decide which people and  religion . We went inside of  Islam  today. fundamentalist perceived as an  Islamic  death sentence ', 'Return now to a controversial yet fundamental question is Islam inherently violent. So many of you out -- ask questions along those lines so we put them to Muslim and non Muslim scholars of the crime. They all insist this is a religion of peace but like any other religion it is the interpretation. Of the scriptures that separates -- saint. From a savage. -- who could clear. If your brother child ', 'We have a way of dealing with -- -- they -- and Muslims are in the same position. -- old testament is filled with tales of divinely ordained slaughter. Yet billions of modern Christians put them in context of ancient war stories. While focusing on the new testament commandment of Jesus to love thy neighbor. As thyself. So how do Muslims decide which parts of the -- to follow. This part says there is no compulsion no forcing people and religion . We went over here it tells Muslims to fight those who believe not in god. Combing through your questions we found a lot of you out there wondering about ', "That is the belief shared by more than a -- Billion moderate Muslims around the world including royal Zanetti a young woman I met in Cairo. And she is offended when I associate her country. With the planners of 9/11. Ayman Al zawahiri has an Egyptian phenomenon -- What do egyptians your rage. Think of those people. They're this they're not as I mean I mean -- just. You've you've got -- a -- announces the February announcing the -- religion I mean I mean when the economy. The -- hub like colts are very radical thinkers and and in the same. -- ", "criticizes the Iran  islam 's holiest lines from the  Koran . When meet is no. the  Quran Islam  all somewhere and He wants  Muslims  to change their far Dan the  Islamic  culture what angered many  Muslims  do feel insulted ", "in Europe in anticipation of a film. -- criticizes the -- Iran islam's holiest book. The director defends his short movie -- spoke to ABC's nick watt at The Hague. The seventy minute movie shows terrorist attacks and quotes lines from the Koran . When -- meet the on believers smiles at their necks and fight them until there is no. -- the Quran Islam all -- somewhere in the shelves. Nobody is looking out that this indeed often the base of a lot of federal things happening throughout the world. Builders -- Holland to ban all Muslim immigration and He wants Muslims to change their ideology which He likens. -- not says. My belief that our culture is far -- Dan the Islamic culture what do you mean best here. Well we have a separation of church and states we it -- women equally. Last night the web site hosting builders movie -- Daryn they explained following serious threats to our stuff. And hall and then across Europe there is angered many Muslims do feel insulted but so far no violence. There have been demonstrations in Pakistan and elsewhere anticipating trouble the Dutch prime minister ", "still commands a huge level of support among the population of people who aren't out here on top swear the more conservative  Muslims . Who live out on the country side. And today a top Muslim Brotherhood official said that this military who they're calling ", "who aren't out here on top -- -- swear the more conservative Muslims . Who live out on the country side. And today a top Muslim Brotherhood official said that this military who they're calling -- "]