['I think what the article really is trying to say is that. We really have not done enough research that distinguishes between the different subgroups. Of lesbians gays bisexuals and transgendered individuals because. Each and every one of those groups has a very different set of experiences. A', 'A dancing duo is teaching  LGBT  New Yorkers how to celebrate Gay Pride, Latino style.', "conservative group in washington, d.C. Abc news has confirmed the alleged gunman, floyd corkins, was a volunteer at a local  lgbt  center. Police looking at whether the targeted group's opposition to same-sex marriage played a role and the recent controversy ", "confirmed the alleged gunman, floyd corkins, was a volunteer at a local lgbt center. Police looking at whether the targeted group's opposition to same-sex marriage played a role and the recent controversy over chick-fil-a could ", "Now it is it is wonderful to be with all there there a couple of special acknowledgment First of all I just want to thank Ricky Martin were being here today. Both of you haven't caught in the go there. I'm sure there's still tickets available. But you know that he's going to be spectacular and and", "What the results of the study really indicate what we really understood politically for a long time that the support of our Is critical. To make the maintenance of our middle We've known for many other studies of different areas of mental health that the absence of and we support. Really increase", 'Organization provides  LGBT  immigrants and asylum seekers with legal counsel and advocates for reform.', 'I kept telling myself the sky was red, but i always knew it was blue. Hgs one small secret gesture of solidarity with the  lgbt , wearing the unusually high number 98, a reference to another watershed moment, 1998, the year a young gay man, named matthew ', 'it was blue. Hgs one small secret gesture of solidarity with the lgbt , wearing the unusually high number 98, a reference to another watershed moment, 1998, the year a young gay man, named matthew shepherd ', 'Student protests  LGBT  discrimination by refusing to recite pledge of allegiance.', "another evolution. Year sensitive to -- the decision is not evolving. Same-sex marriage is very, very important part of  lgbt  equality, but it's not the only part. I do think some attention should be paid in congress to reviving the federal, nondiscriminational ", "decision is not evolving. Same-sex marriage is very, very important part of lgbt equality, but it's not the only part. I do think some attention should be paid in congress to reviving the federal, nondiscriminational ", 'Jesse tyler ferguson, tweeting, jodie foster, you are perfection. I love you. Comedienne kathy griffin, her speech tells  lgbt  youth, america has evolved. Be proud of who you are. The actress has been in the public eye since the age of 3, in "taxi ', 'you are perfection. I love you. Comedienne kathy griffin, her speech tells lgbt youth, america has evolved. Be proud of who you are. The actress has been in the public eye since the age of ']