["to list and the queen's royal at number 268. Don't  Islam  because a British tax. She should know as well people think Keeping up with hasn't been easy for the last few months and  religion  is expected duchess and for above its importance to make ", "to list and the queen's royal -- at number 268. Don't -- Islam because -- a British tax. She should know as well -- -- people think she doesn't know these schools for me. Some ", "debate over  Islam  has not escaped meaning of our  religion . I mean stick up for  Islam  except for you think  Islam  as a  religion  of you don't around like  Muslims  being violently building of the  Islamic  center and The Muslim  religion  and I think burn the  Koran . Lot of want to stop  Islam . For the expanding because  Islam  is in its Abraham. To  Moses . To Cheeses ", "They may be teenagers that the angry national debate over Islam has not escaped their notice. People of this a wrong idea about Islam -- -- because Islam is totally against. Terrorism lot of people. Well don't really understand the real meaning of our religion . I mean it's really promoting peace and sometimes people look at the minority -- the majority of Muslims . Practicing their -- He has questioned. The non Muslims here there's any -- have a friend -- a Muslim. None of it and I do. As you hear. Your peers talk. And essentially they're saying that the faith is being misinterpreted and misunderstood. Do you agree what they're -- are now. I think -- missed represented. I don't personally know many Muslims of their friend at one. But it feels it but what Mohammed said that no religion promotes violence and it. What happened on 9/11 doesn't represent. The religion . I don't believe. Terrorists from 9/11 where spotlight completely follow him on that there are radicals but. The Muslim religion shouldn't be associated with -- because. This community center is promoting peace not violence. All the non Muslims stick up for Islam except for Jordan sat whose father is a pastor at a church in Florida. -- plan to burn the kiran but ultimately decided not to. Based on what you've been taught do you think Islam as a religion of -- -- you don't. Why not. -- have been pretty disrespectful towards anyone else they've been pretty violent. Not really a ", "the entire picture adding that -- -- -- -- -- around like Muslims being violently turned the scientists at think it's wrong I think it's -- discuss clearly we're setting with Muslim kids here -- are seeing a peace in the me -- and but a positive way. Turn. Saying that almost and I'm not like pushing anything on you that you're violent that appeared whenever some radical. I'm not putting a whole stereotype on -- that they're all radicals that they all wanna. Bomb the US but as both -- are saying. Every. Religion has radicals what are your thoughts where it cuts that are ready here on the the proposed community -- -- near ground here. I feel of the local -- and he has every right to build that community center or wherever they feel -- And I think that to deny that right is. Is against the constitution. I also feel it's going to be setting a dangerous president for any other religion I think -- should think -- that -- -- Interestingly five disagrees. Did you think of people who want to build a community -- should back out because so many others have been -- that a lot of -- some people do support the fact that if there are people being disturbed by it now and initiative. Departments amounts well. Almost 70% of New Yorkers are against the building of the Islamic center and -- mostly it's a fear factor. They're scared because a lot of them aren't really educated on. The Muslim religion and I think there. Very scared of what happened and -- don't know what to expect Jeannette Richard Jordan just to be ", "The talk turns to the planned by Jordan's church to burn the Koran . Lot of Catholic. And I personally find it offensive because I know some -- Trenton it's like the Bible just like. Unnecessary and it's Sal they could run the whole crime in -- entire worlds and want to stop Islam . For the Muslim people on expanding because Islam is in its wisdom from god to add on. To Abraham. To Moses . To -- -- Cheeses and Mohammed -- be upon him. An ABM almost on people rising attack on my heart and his son is a fastened upon religion when you -- -- are really saying here wait what do you think. Just that. I can't force my beliefs on them ", "Americans fear  Islam . would like history of  Islam . Donna marsh afraid of  Islam  I think Americans said that  Islam  is a peaceful  religion  it's not what the  Muslims  want to do and why.  Islamic  Jihad East teachings of  Islamic law  and so this traditions of  Islam . There are believe that  Jesus  Christ is ", "Bush and President Obama made a great mistake when they said that Islam is a peaceful religion it's not you said -- no evidence in its history. It's religion of hatred it's a religion of war and repeatedly you said that Islam is wicked and evil. Why do you say the. First. Christiane understand what the Muslims want to do in America. They want to build as many -- cultural centers as it possibly can so they can convert. As many Americans as they Candace bomb understand that that's what it took position she heard him and understand understand what they're doing. And I just don't have to have the freedom to do this in most Muslim countries. We can't have a church were not able to build synagogues. It's it's forbidden. But let me just say something about Islam . I loved the Muslim people. But have great difficulty with with -- religions especially was sure real law and what it does ", "movement -- -- and talk tough to it's. There are millions of Muslims in this world that are wonderful. People who don't beat their wives who don't. And practice until what do you cordial wicked religion and people over -- I think to -- to take your daughter because you think that into Richmond religion gives you the authority. Should -- it gives you the authority. For honor killing. And we saw the young girl in Ohio ", "not like it might when he testified in the name of the Koran is -- we have some people -- condition Muslims and -- Jewish and other. You miss you'll as the holy books it's understandable and -- -- the love tonight -- But I am saying that extreme measure a two of them listens to be have a problem understanding -- of this religion and the and if it to a -- I agree with you. I -- -- to the painful and if you want ", 'question is  Islam  inherently this is a  religion  of peace they and  Muslims  are in the commandment of  Jesus  to love thy So how do  Muslims  decide which people and  religion . We went inside of  Islam  today. fundamentalist perceived as an  Islamic  death sentence ', 'Return now to a controversial yet fundamental question is Islam inherently violent. So many of you out -- ask questions along those lines so we put them to Muslim and non Muslim scholars of the crime. They all insist this is a religion of peace but like any other religion it is the interpretation. Of the scriptures that separates -- saint. From a savage. -- who could clear. If your brother child ', 'We have a way of dealing with -- -- they -- and Muslims are in the same position. -- old testament is filled with tales of divinely ordained slaughter. Yet billions of modern Christians put them in context of ancient war stories. While focusing on the new testament commandment of Jesus to love thy neighbor. As thyself. So how do Muslims decide which parts of the -- to follow. This part says there is no compulsion no forcing people and religion . We went over here it tells Muslims to fight those who believe not in god. Combing through your questions we found a lot of you out there wondering about ', "That is the belief shared by more than a -- Billion moderate Muslims around the world including royal Zanetti a young woman I met in Cairo. And she is offended when I associate her country. With the planners of 9/11. Ayman Al zawahiri has an Egyptian phenomenon -- What do egyptians your rage. Think of those people. They're this they're not as I mean I mean -- just. You've you've got -- a -- announces the February announcing the -- religion I mean I mean when the economy. The -- hub like colts are very radical thinkers and and in the same. -- ", "criticizes the Iran  islam 's holiest lines from the  Koran . When meet is no. the  Quran Islam  all somewhere and He wants  Muslims  to change their far Dan the  Islamic  culture what angered many  Muslims  do feel insulted ", "in Europe in anticipation of a film. -- criticizes the -- Iran islam's holiest book. The director defends his short movie -- spoke to ABC's nick watt at The Hague. The seventy minute movie shows terrorist attacks and quotes lines from the Koran . When -- meet the on believers smiles at their necks and fight them until there is no. -- the Quran Islam all -- somewhere in the shelves. Nobody is looking out that this indeed often the base of a lot of federal things happening throughout the world. Builders -- Holland to ban all Muslim immigration and He wants Muslims to change their ideology which He likens. -- not says. My belief that our culture is far -- Dan the Islamic culture what do you mean best here. Well we have a separation of church and states we it -- women equally. Last night the web site hosting builders movie -- Daryn they explained following serious threats to our stuff. And hall and then across Europe there is angered many Muslims do feel insulted but so far no violence. There have been demonstrations in Pakistan and elsewhere anticipating trouble the Dutch prime minister ", "still commands a huge level of support among the population of people who aren't out here on top swear the more conservative  Muslims . Who live out on the country side. And today a top Muslim Brotherhood official said that this military who they're calling ", "who aren't out here on top -- -- swear the more conservative Muslims . Who live out on the country side. And today a top Muslim Brotherhood official said that this military who they're calling -- ", "because they didn't believe he was. This is really the battle lines between secularism and  religion . What the military's done is toppled an  islamic  president with an islamist constitution. And we'll see whether there is a political solution ", "believe he was. This is really the battle lines between secularism and religion . What the military's done is toppled an islamic president with an islamist constitution. And we'll see whether there is a political solution going forward. We don't know when the next ", 'debate over  Islam  has not escaped Terrorism the non  Muslims  here does All the non  Muslims  stick up you think  Islam  as a  religion  of peace around like  Muslims  being violently burn the  Koran . Lot of build that  Islamic  community ', "roundtable. He really was we put together a fascinating panel of teenagers Muslims . Jews and Christians including a young man from that church down in Florida where they were planning to burn grounds. Yes they may be teenagers that the angry national debate over Islam has not escaped their notice. And people just have a wrong idea of -- Islam -- because Islam is totally against. Terrorism the non Muslims here does anybody have a friend -- a Muslim. None and it -- you. All the non Muslims stick up for Islam except for Jordan -- whose father is a pastor at that church in Florida. That plan to burn the kiran but ultimately decided not to. Based on what you've been -- do you think Islam as a religion of peace. Trying to they've been pretty violent. Not really a calm peaceful bunch of people and -- -- science is fun ", "about it. I think that the -- -- save. -- around like Muslims being violently turned the saying is just I think it's wrong I think it's terrible -- clearly we're setting with Muslim kids here who are seeing a peace in the me senator and like a positive way -- Not saying that almost since the -- I'm not putting a whole stereotype on -- that there -- all radicals sent they all wanna. Bomb the US but as both -- are saying. Every. Religion has radicals Wear it cuts that are -- here on the the proposed community center at near ground here. I feel of ", "The talk turns in a plan by Jordan's church to burn the Koran . Lot of Catholic and I personally find it offensive because I know someone -- -- -- -- it's like the Bible just like. Unnecessary and -- Sal. They could spend the whole crime in -- entire worlds and want to stop Islam . For the Muslim people public spending. Because Islam is its wisdom from god every year most young people rising attack on my heart when you -- what are already saying here wait what do you think. Just that I can't force my beliefs on them nor can they forcibly son and me. It's all of our own opinion in the Bible -- says an X nineteen. That Fidel brought. Books from the false profits and bring them to do you then the Koran is a book of a false prophet. Some burning -- in theory then doesn't. Body of wis my religion it says that is false prophets of the world's actually and into the health and your name Prophet Mohammed. Using people to another religion . A -- from god. He's got into the health you've been noted though this. You don't change that's what it says an ", "trouble with  Islam  today. And Well because  religion  religions about downed  Islam  and that's of their  religion  or lack of of of anti  Islamic  sentiment against non  Muslims  that was beliefs of  Islam . 55 this planned  Koran  burning in ", 'So what do you think of that. Not much. One. Well because religion religions today are trans national. And we live in a global of -- globalized world where globalization both moves people. And reaction ', "there is the bow down that's what they say is about downed Islam and that's wholly unwarranted. And producing at the same time -- I do think that month -- reasoning on this is wrong headed he says that relocating the mosque will play into the hands of what he called Muslim radicals. Why then are you asking last month -- all of -- to play on the -- was set by Muslim radicals the fact of the matter is that terrorists. Regardless of their religion or lack of it. I'm -- opportunist first and foremost they will use any excuse and twist it into a -- now. For intimidating entire population -- so we don't need to give them this mosque debate this thing let's do the right thing. Regardless of what is the right thing. -- I would suggest that the right thing is to build a mosque near ground zero -- you think that's an opportunity to make it -- most home most transparent and most modern Islam that the world has ever seen. People who you. O'Donnell knocking interfaith dialogue trying to rebuild bridges here since the disaster -- nine. What does this say to you this further that is being whipped obvious rising tide of of anti Islamic sentiment in this country. Because let me just read you actually some of the poll numbers which which which interesting here. Mainstream Islam encourages violence against non Muslims that was a question by ABC news and 31%. Of the respondents said yes. The next question do you have a good basic understanding of the teachings and beliefs of Islam . 55%. Of the respondents said no so -- -- -- work the over the last night. -- and act act to tell you the story of this last week is the story of the -- builders in America coming out. When the faces of intolerance showed themselves the forces of inclusiveness in America going to action. On Friday afternoon when I came back to my office after -- prayers and a set of interviews there was a sixth grade girl at the interfaith youth core who said. I heard about this planned Koran burning -- in Florida and hurt me in my heart. I think religions should be nice to each other and donating my ", "own. Who are worried -- and an anxious about you know what Islam means for this country. And what are the reasons that they do have those anxieties is -- over the last nine years moderate Muslims have failed moderate Muslims have failed. To make the case for why there is nothing to fear about Islam . When weakening dollar -- opens fire on a group of fellow soldiers at Fort Hood Texas shouting and that what that god is great. And the first thing you hear out of the mouth of a moderate is please don't misunderstand Islam has nothing to do with this. You can play an ordinary Americans for scratching their heads in England did little to religion play wouldn't let me ask you this. Why is it then that the difference between a billion Muslims who are mostly peace loving and al-Qaeda which acts violently and in a terrorist way. Claiming to speak for Islam Wyatt and that difference clearly not successfully be -- it because people the opponents of this mosque. Lean towards that rationale that ", 'be display ads they go up next week subway stations. The ads equate  Islamic  he add  Muslims  with savages. The Council On American  Islamic  Relations an attempt to define  Muslims  to hate speech to MTA. Try to reject the ads but the American freedom ', 'ads they go up next week -- subway stations. The ads equate Islamic -- he -- add Muslims with savages. The Council On American Islamic Relations -- -- -- an attempt to define Muslims to hate speech to MTA. Try to reject the ads but the American freedom defense initiative sued and won the right to ', "once again  religion  is being remember that in  Islam  it's forbidden a radical  Islamic  web site women in  Islamic  Society justified by  Islamic law . Now yes portrayed  Jesus Moses  Buddha for with regards  religion  should be ", "is wearing a bear suit. -- you of course remember that in Islam it's forbidden to show an image of Mohammed because it's considered idolatry. And you may also remember the controversy and violent protests when cartoons were published in Europe depicting the profits image. Well that did not stop our friends Matt and Trey and as a result a radical Islamic web site posted a warning. That -- will probably wind up like the -- -- go. He was of course the Dutch filmmaker who was shot to death. While biking to work in Amsterdam because he'd made a short film critical of the treatment of women in Islamic Society. While many have interpreted the web sites remarks as a not too veiled death threat against the creators of South Park. Even though a spokesman for the group said that it wasn't that but that if they were killed they deserve it and it would be justified by Islamic law Now yes Matt and Trey are irreverent no argument there. I don't like the way they portrayed Jesus Moses -- Buddha for that matter either but you know what we have freedom of speech in this country. And people are also free to speak against what Matt and -- have done. However we are not free to threaten people with violence and death never mind to carry it out. Civil discourse in disagreement with regards religion should be welcomed. Its forces believers to defend their faiths in constructive ways which may in fact -- to educate others. What's not welcomed is the perpetuation of scare tactics and violence in the name of god ala or some religious principle. That goes against everything religion stands for. Radical fundamentalists of all faiths do nothing to help the faiths they purport to Revere. -- rather make people shake their heads in disgust and embarrassment. They make religion the real bear. ", 'jews, christians and  muslims  revere the same tortured the bible and the  koran , who names him the certain things about  moses . As an archaeologist that he is from the  koran , because these type christianity and  islam ,  moses  finally answered ', "really become aware of god's presence. According to the bible and the koran , who names him the prophet musa, this is where moses met a girl and became a shepherd, a man who would go on to lead the exodus. But as the bible tells ", "attributed to king david. Connections lead to you believe certain things about moses . As an archaeologist, maybe not. I believe that he is from the koran , because these type of words believe, no matter what you call the power. Whatever. It's one at the end. And in all these religious traditions, judaism, christianity and islam , moses finally answered god's call and headed home to face down the pharaoh. ", 'the single holiest place in  Islam . The  Muslims  face when they pray and today millions of  Muslims  are beginning their pilgrimage That trip is required of  Muslims  in this one of the  five pillars of Islam . And last rising search ', "the mosque in Mecca Saudi Arabia is the single holiest place in Islam The -- Muslims face when they pray and today millions of Muslims are beginning their pilgrimage to Mecca. That trip is required of Muslims in this one of the five pillars of Islam . And -- last rising search today the age old question what -- to the Times Square New Year's Eve ball dropped Begin. ", "mullah in the  Islamic religion . It keeps  Muslims  from speaking the radical  Muslims  we're against abuse while  religion  that support question on  Islam  is in this then why are  Islamic  governments states in the  Koran  that it is ", "combat tours. My question. Is are -- in the mullah in the Islamic religion . It keeps Muslims from speaking -- demonstrated publicly. Against the radical Muslims we're -- -- against me. Muslim demonstrators required -- currency on -- the speaking out against American policy. A Texas would be very important to the American people to our troops to know that there are people abuse while -- religion that support. It's my name is Howard Bowman from pell city Alabama. And -- question on Islam is in this. I have read different blogs and forums where people say that as long as the religion of tolerance. If this statement is true then why are Islamic governments in the Middle East. Persecuting individuals. For turning away from his long and embracing a different religion . Hi my name is Jonathan Williams and I'm a music producer from Melbourne Florida. I keep hearing that it clearly states in the Koran that it is the duty of every Muslim. To fight the aliens and -- slay those who cannot be converted. Is this true. If not. How is it that Islamic radicals are able to make such horrible -- interpretation as to allow violence. Towards American civilians. I've been told that the Prophet ", 'say that  Islam  is evil I problem for  Muslims  themselves problems of  Islam  at the fringes afraid of  Muslims  right now promote the  religion . But first burn the  Koran . And cool is what we  Muslims  want to do talking about  Islam  and you told said. Is an  Islamic  culture that ', "is a great deal of dissembling disinformation. In order to promote the religion . But first to -- I think that if we have to create a counter against extremism it's Muslims who have to leave that. And it has to be Muslims like myself and people in the audience and around the country but with the assistance. Of people -- -- -- and other -- -- And we have the running interference. -- give an example of this Terry Jones was about to burn the Koran . And cool cool cool Randy interference it was the evangelical community against their own because they said you do not represent christianity. And you I'm not gonna sit and go to this place and tell them that they can't establish a mosque in you're not -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- This is what we Muslims want to do but you have -- can't. You don't allow us to do this because -- brand somebody like many as ", "where 3000 people died. Killed by -- operating. In the name of Islam but -- Why shouldn't be insensitive and then -- allows on why shouldn't be insensitive. If you're not blurring the lines. Between. Those who killed. And the rest of the religion know what's it been trying to -- -- ebitda and -- -- cause. Because that is ground in. That was the first chapter in a war with radical Islam at this very long moment christianity there -- a reality that we all face says. That there are evil men to worship ", 'religions--  islam , christianity places for  muslims , the dome rock, where  muslims  believethe great prophet  muhammad  radise Reading the  koran , or exercisingby extremists called  islamic  jihad. Had controversialaspects of your  religion  concerns barbara.  Islam  is notthe ', 'a martyr, there are 72. One of the more controversialaspects of your religion concerns islamic martyrs who claim,if they go to paradise, they will be metby 72 virgins. That statement does not comefrom the koran barbara. Islam is notthe religion of muhammad . Islam isthe religion of god. Islamic scholarfeisal abdul rauf, the imam, or head priest, OF NEW YORK\'Sal-FARAH MOSQUE, Says the reference to the number of virginsawaiting a holy martyr comes from other textsquoting the prophet muhammad 72, In the arabic language, " it\'s analogous to wheni sa "oh, barbara, I\'ve told youa hundred times, " it means you\'ll have a surfeitof this kind of delight. And what about women? Islamic teaching holdsthat in paradise, virgins will be createdfor both men and women. Women have virgin men? I don\'t see why not. What do the prophets s? There is nothingspecifically on that, but there are mentionsof having youths who are like kept pearls. That\'s one of the versesof the koran which describesthe kind of youths who one will enjoyin paradise. What is the roleof the 72 virgins? (speaking foreign language) (man translating)GOD ', 'disrespecting  muslims . Stop disrupting our  religion . Reporter the prophet  muhammad . In tahrir carrying the  islamic  declaration is no god but  allah  and  muhammad  is his prophet required by our  religion  to protect our ', 'next year or any other year anymore and all governments stop disrespecting muslims . Stop disrupting our religion . Reporter: It is fury fueled by that online movie mocking the prophet muhammad . In tahrir square right now, we have crowds gathering. They are carrying the islamic declaration of faith, "there is no god but allah and muhammad is his prophet." Today, the protests spread across the globe. In sudan protestors stormed the u.S. Embassy before being stopped. This after ', 'urged the protesters to hold off, saying, "it is required by our religion to protect our guests and their homes and places of work. So I call on you all to consider this, consider the ', "course is the  Koran  the holy book three billion  Muslims  believed by the shirts declaring  Islam  is of the double three hours of  Koran  burning. In the Saturday night's  Koran  burning the other ask what would  Jesus  do do you really ", 'looking ahead. Figures Bible is thought. The book of course is the Koran the holy book of the world one point three billion Muslims believed by the faithful to be the word of god revealed through his profit. And pastor Terry Jones says he will burning ', "raise his profile. Hate he made signs and printed T shirts declaring Islam is of the double and he's never looked back. And here's your -- advertising -- the event that's true. Six to 9 PM three hours of Koran burning. In the big field in front of his church preparations are underway for Saturday night's Koran burning the other would overhear that you're gonna use right. Make your bonfire yes. And -- the current yes. -- right now ", "of justice and local Gainesville law enforcement not to go through the Koran burning. But he won't listen to them at least. If you listen to him closely though you get the sense that he ", "11, hate crimes against  muslims  are on the rise. Facing hate don't trust any of them.  Muslims  say they hate our country in america. He can have any  religion  he wants. Aren't you fighting has a choice to practice his  religion  anywhere. That's the reason ", "guy is a muslim. We live in america. He can have any religion he wants. Aren't you fighting against these guys? Not at the moment. Right now, I'm ordering a sandwich. I don't think he should be working here. Buy your chips and move out. Reporter: He doesn't follow orders. Look, I would like to order some food. Just not from you, okay? Get out. Put the chips down and go buy them somewhere else. You want me to leave this place? You have that choice. You have a choice to shop anywhere, just like he has a choice to practice his religion anywhere. That's the reason I wear the uniform. So anyone can live free in this country. Leave the man alone. Buy your "]