['Top official may have met with president prior to release of new screening plan for conservative groups', "Pretty big developments today in the IRS targeting scandal and new timeline.  Shows that one of the agency's top a political appointees.  May have met with President Obama days before his office put out some new guidance.  On how.  Lower level folks should be screening.  For conservative groups and that of course raises some questions plus this is the second part of the story there's new information.  On why Delaware State officials.  Access to the IRS records of former Tea Party candidate Christine O'Donnell when she was running.  For her 2010 senate campaign.  Now those officials who looked into her financial background -- you know it's likely that we probably destroyed -- the documents already.  That were related to that that's got a lot of folks asking questions today as well.  One -- -- is our friend Jonah Goldberg who's the editor at large for the national review and a Fox News contributor so -- welcome good morning to let's start with the first 11 okay.  Because what we have here is a record of a William -- which has the same name.  As the chief counsel.  For the IRS and he visited the White House for a meeting the logs -- that he was there on April 23.  And we know that the guidelines for how to screen -- conservative groups went out.  On April the twenty -- coincidence is -- -- to this what do you think.  Well it's it's obviously a coincidence and I think that that I think the Republican -- -- -- coincidence I mean it just it's timing as we act.  We don't we don't know.  Whether in fact that he got orders from the White House -- in form the White House.  What he was doing Ernie -- that that hasn't been established yet they may never be established.  I think the Republican I think the committee is doing a very good job of just sticking with the facts -- not overstepping things.  At the same time we now know beyond any shadow of -- doubt that while in -- the White House might be still -- doubt about what they did.  We know beyond any shadow of doubt that the IRS flatly.  And -- cynically lied about this entire operation when -- -- used a planted question.  To answer that to answer a question them and make a statement about the IRS screening.  She try to put along with the Cincinnati employees we now know from these hearings that that is just simply factually untrue.  And that she planned to lie about it from the beginning and that this would -- the that's meaningful.  Now it still remains to be seen about how high up it goes but the idea that somehow that's all these other scandals.  That -- just take the White House's word for it seems to me to be sort of dubious -- Yeah -- it it raises a lot of questions obviously and and you know the White House has said as we pointed out at the beginning of -- segment.  That there were a lot of people at that meeting from a lot of different agencies -- around the country was a large group meeting it wasn't as if this chief counsel for the IRS was sitting there one on one.  With the president as far as we know and that is the way it has been you know presented.  But that being said this gentleman's name has come up because he was the person that Carter -- says he it was requesting more information.  On some of these these Tea Party groups and had to go through it we all remember Carter -- the other day in his testimony saying.  Don't don't look at me he pointed the finger -- slowest learner and this gentleman political appointee by the White House to this IRS position.  And then days later we're getting the news of SA ME -- it is.  At that unfortunate I guess for mr.  -- that he was there two days before because it sure doesn't look that.  Now it looks it looks very bad and it's -- again it's just circumstantial at this point.  But at the same time.  This was the one political appointee at the time I believe at the IRS.  That was appointed by Obama this was a guy.  Who was -- major water carrier pro Bono.  When to defend President Obama when the IRS looked into.  -- reverend Wright's church.  During the campaign -- this guy has a you know it is a political operative -- doesn't mean he's guilty of anything but it does it doesn't look good while.  You know it's interesting because we've watched -- fingers get pointed higher and higher and higher up the food chain.  And as you say Darrell ice is doing this investigation in a methodical way.  Everyone wants to know if it leans to the White House in and -- this is one more step in in figuring that out well let's move on to the Christine O'Donnell tax records because this is a fascinating story to me.  Basically Delaware says yeah we did look into her based on one newspaper article and we'd love to help -- out in explaining why and how we did all that but.  Those records seem to disappeared.  Sounds funny.  It -- very funny you know -- that's funny in this day and age when apparently the NSA owns every piece of information including.  You know what movies you rented three years ago that somehow -- higher arrest doesn't have record that I I will always love it.  When the IRS says we didn't keep the records which is an excuse that -- -- -- allow the use with the IRS flying out.  I bet bit bit -- this is.  Look there are basically two possibilities here right either this was a political.  Operation from the beginning run by the White House or political operatives around Barack Obama which will be a huge scandal.  Or this was basically a freelance operation.  I'm reflecting upon the culture at the IRS in general which would be almost more disturbing.  Here you have one example of many now.  Where the bureaucrats in the IRS seemed to have singled out conservatives.  Controversial conservatives for special attention special scrutiny and possibly you know special punishment.  And if if people of the IRS are freelancing that on their own.  That's not good news may be good news politically for Obama but it undermines the very sanctity of the whole idea of the IRS in the first place and IRS.  What are -- -- -- of that that they -- found and I acting you're making an excellent point here just add to that.  Was a lenient on a property that she that she owned they set at the time.  And all of this led to the kind of you know -- some fishy with this woman she's now she's seeing is an -- -- -- around the edges here.  That really sunk her now whether she would have been it is senator you know is beside the point here sure but if she was the target.  A political target doesn't raise questions about basically.  Tampering with an -- -- Actually doesn't it's not an isolated incident remember Harry Reid talking about Mitt Romney's tax returns how the -- -- now he's.  Leaked information about -- -- give -- who was making donations to an anti gay marriage I'm operation campaign.  Chuck Grassley talking about a pro life groups being told that they have to give up protesting a pro life at -- abortion centers.  I -- there is a real pattern here that there's a culture at the IRS.  Whether it's driven by the the IRS you know treasury union or is driven by -- politics.  From about.  But there's a real culture of the IRS that says certain people with certain views deserve to be singled out and targeted and that is incredibly damning and disturbing.  It's troublesome to be sure and we know from polls that this is the most trouble some.  Of all of the issues out there that's -- people are saying when -- asked this question so -- to keep back Q percent -- it we'll see -- ago.  -- thank you as always great -- nothing. "]