["Pastor Robert Jeffress defends the nation's most restrictive abortion measures in his home state of Texas.", "And helicopter talking with the doctor Robert Jaffe senior pastor the first Baptist church of Dallas speaking at the Brooklyn tabernacle tomorrow night that drive and a New York City.  And and soon you'll be under the BMC it right here now are we start by sending AM starting Monday morning Monday through Friday -- -- and -- -- -- and the other end of the -- I think another -- off -- invited Greg.  So good for you under the folks over cylinder good folks.  So.  What did you think of the president's speech on race on from.  -- you know I disagree with this president on lots of things on abortion on same sex marriage religious liberty but when -- came to -- speech how.  -- I thought by and large it was a balanced speech and I think those of us who are conservative super to have any credibility at all we've got to quit piling on every time the president opens his mouth.  You know I remind my conservative friends you know even a broken clock can -- -- -- twice a day and -- when he came to -- President Obama said look it we say I thought a balanced speech.  He acknowledged what time magazine -- in this week's issue that there is a disproportionate amount of young adult.  African American men incarcerated and it's not because they're all -- unfairly.  I mean he acknowledged that on the other side he talked about the unfairness of profiling and look.  I'm a Christian I'm -- Christian pastor.  I think we're supposed to speak words of healing I do not believe the president weighed in where he shouldn't have he does have a responsibility.  As well as the right to try to bring healing to the nation of if you even profiled as a Christian absolutely.  I mean I -- I've been.  Profiled as you know an extremist -- hate monger big -- For example you know I believe in traditional marriage I think marriage ought to be between a man and a woman that doesn't mean I hate homosexuals.  You got a very well when you during the Perry campaign talked out of about.  The religion of Mitt Romney people came after you because we're just about Barbara that was -- have a press conference and they asked me do you believe mormonism is christianity and I took the historic position that it wasn't.  Doesn't mean I hate mormons.  You -- so so.  Even if they hear the word Christian people say -- Christian that must mean you have this set of beliefs -- that you may or may not have I -- probably went too liberal beliefs now.  I'm -- some of my friends would say so -- -- I.  I I think again with President Obama we ought to pray for him he is wrong on some key things that really concern me a lot more than speech he made last Friday.  Well I'm about probably abortion is one of them right absolutely or think he's dead wrong about it but he's the most pro abortion president we've -- -- where -- -- cycle -- pro choice and you say pro abortion wanna know that the choice to kill your shock but it is Thanksgiving see that the language I find.  We disagreement the use of the language because.  If you say you're pro life -- I mean I'm anti life.  And if you say pro abortion will literally anybody wants more abortions but I think.  We in my sight of what we -- what we've had fifteen million haven't since 1973.  In Roe vs.  Wade so this.  Idea of rare -- safe and legal the rare part just still wasn't there -- But you know they'll show you for example metrics will show and surveys will show that -- you teach children six education.  In schools where people know that there are options for condoms and and aunts and birth control the teenage pregnancy and thus abortions actually decrease those times when those -- those issues come up.  Well let let's talk about this Texas abortion -- -- -- are headed and I talked to last -- about it and I went down the steps of the capitol on and on Monday I was -- our friend Mike Huckabee and -- -- -- -- general and so forth and we had a quite a rally down their you know my category lying on a show when we did it earlier that day he said you know even the French don't allow abortions after twelve weeks why should we be taking morality lessons from the French.  -- -- we get down to twenty weeks that's four and a half months -- I mean you and I can debate whether life begins at fertilization or implantation after five months there is no debate that's a life well.  I -- send an -- and Anderson your passion about this I understand those who see it.  As a murder.  You believe it's taking of a life and yet if you gonna have a relief do you not then have to believe that women should be arrested doctor should be arrested.  If they are partaking in.  We're contributing to the murder and I think that's what it I think it ought to be a criminal offense I think there's probably -- different position you would take doctors -- doctors who performed.  I put him in jail.  Doctors who perform abortions what first of all you have to have an outlawed yet to have a reversal of what the Supreme Court -- in 1973.  And I might remind people.  1857.  In the Dred Scott case the Supreme Court said African Americans were human beings and had no rights.  Fortunately we know that's wrong in 1973 they said the same thing about children inside the -- and our people they have no rights.  I agree -- Governor Perry who said Roe vs.  Wade will be one -- nothing but a shameful footnote in American history.  So I think that has to eventually be overturned the good news is Alan.  Science is on the side of conservatives in this I think the reason you see 60% of Americans against abortions in that second trimester.  84%.  Are against it in the third trimester.  And younger adults are increasingly against abortions they've seen the sonogram pictures.  There are parents didn't see in 1973.  And I think science is moving our nation toward a more pro life position you you believe the -- common reverses -- overturned and it seems like conservative -- away -- it but.  It has and that hasn't Howard hasn't happened yet but I think were on the way to doing and at that course.  Until that happens I think states can continue to pass these.  Abortion restriction acts and of course we -- -- Challenger he's now -- unaudited cost the cost to taxpayers in Texas money hey we've got any money in techs are real race I don't that we got more than they have a senate unless -- asked why not.  Why not use it to preserve should the government be involved in telling women what they should or should not do -- their reproductive organs when indeed.  A doctor may say you've got to have this abortion -- because you've been in your life's in danger.  Is it really the role of government interceded well understand under this abortion bill that's one of the -- sad that this only applies if the woman's life is in danger is not in danger.  Even if she's in danger the series physiological problem.  She is allowed to have the abortion it's a very lenient -- when you like any cases of rape as well now.  So you would force a woman to carry the fetus of belonging to.  Partly a man who had raped her and -- of the emotional absolutely drained and that is always on the look it it's not the Childs fault.  How he or she was conceived you don't kill a child you know I hear all these -- whose stories about women being forced to go to back Alley butchers.  Nobody's forcing the warned that it had another child is being forced to be -- you know there is a consequence to policy and one of the -- results of the policy.  Of not having abortion legal try to reverse is -- it was.  Women using coat -- going to butchers know like 600 people like us now in in Pennsylvania now that nobody forces them to do that the woman has a choice the child has -- -- but.  There are consequences of policy that will hurt her and well again no woman is forced to do this you know in Texas again.  What they're asking is that these are abortion clinics 42 of them be brought up to the level of the minimum standards have been ambulatory care center no luck.  It's estimated that 35 of those clinics don't meet those standards no cost two million dollars a clinic job and that's why they're doing and clinical closed -- on that seventy million dollars it would cost to bring them up our church alone one congregation raised a 135 million dollars to build a new campus.  If people who really believe in so called women's right.  Why don't they have a fund raiser raised the money and bring -- standards not Planned Parenthood is making hundreds of millions of dollars a year.  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- You got a bit after everybody jelling yet.  I was down there at the capitol that Monday night and I saw firsthand.  What I -- -- my own eyes compared to what a lot of the media reported it was a sea of blue standing for life -- -- very few and oranges standing -- but.  -- ultimately -- it doesn't matter like William Penn said Wright is right when everybody says it's wrong and wrong is wrong even if everybody says it's trying to.  Abortion is murder the as -- -- legal consequences should that he'd like up doctors with women.  If women have abortions aren't any party to a murder or an accomplice to never -- so should they go to jail I think at all has to be debated but I think it certainly ought to be.  On the books as a criminal act once Roe vs.  Wade is overturned that hasn't been -- we can't imagine a country where women are locked up for having abortion opponents say they ought to be locked -- I'm -- it ought to be treated as a criminal -- -- -- your congregation it is to be -- -- -- sure.  I -- to disagrees with -- -- -- it wasn't an expert that I just got about this issue but about a got to bring your.  That I just couldn't get I'm not allowed -- -- I thought of but not on that and that's a very key issue it is and in our church and I think in my and that the majority of evangelical Christians.  They believe in the right to life in that we ought to protect a child -- are life liberty and the pursuit of happiness and effort -- to take your religious belief and codified into law and did not forefathers say that this should be a separation not in those words of course.  Of church and state where the government is religion neutral I'd look what.  Every law as an attempt to legislate morality somebody's morality we have laws against killing that is a moral law that's not imposing one religion upon the nation that is a moral law not killing not stealing all of those are based on -- But the religious effort to say this that -- my religious belief is in -- for I think -- -- -- -- our religion which we are so you're saying anybody -- religious beliefs ought to be exempted from having any ability to speak in the what is our religious belief is different than yours and nobody gets harmed because they -- issue here's a UC.  That -- you believe a child is -- not everybody sees that we can you understand the other point of view on this.  -- -- -- I mean I can see your point you can't -- -- I concede the point that you would say that a woman gets to decide when life begins I don't think you did.  I think if you believe that's a human being the woman is the carrier the child it's not about her reproductive organs it's about the child living inside the mothers -- That child has rights and another -- doctor Jefferson I thank you very much thank -- so it is a candidacy are scheduled to debate with you thank -- the Brooklyn tabernacle church out tomorrow night what time 7 o'clock 7 o'clock appreciate your time thank you -- -- I -- -- -- "]