["In just the last ninety days the federal government has posted 6513.  Newly proposed regulations.  Our next guest says the administration is using federal regulations to read write laws and essentially go around congress.  He's joined eleven other states now to sue over one issue in particular.  Texas attorney.  Like Abbott also recently announced he is running for governor he joins us now live from cost and general -- to see it today what is this lawsuit about.  -- -- this is outrageous -- -- in our mental protection agency is doing.  This is part and parcel of the Obama administration's attempt to be be most secretive in the history of America you know he promised he would be transparent.  But he's not.  What's going on here is -- the EPA.  Is secretly entering into.  Settlement agreements with the liberal environmental groups that sued the EPA in an attempt to impose new regulations on the -- and as you suggested this.  Circumvent the normal process of a rule making and -- -- the State's authority.  To decide what the regulations or their state to comply with the -- Iraq so the attorneys general.  Have now filed a lawsuit against the EPA.  To demand transparency.  About these otherwise secret agreements -- EPA is entering into.  Our and I know that this goes to a broader issue because -- -- other dust ups with the administration and other ways that -- pushing back.  It is seeing -- hurt and is -- your position that essentially this administration and on a number of levels is using administrative tools to get things done that they know wouldn't pass on the health.  Or that they know states are going to push back against -- -- about you know the latest bid to delay the employer mandate deadline for the health Carol off.  Well on that when -- mentioned of course the White House is riding new law into -- -- care.  By circumventing what the legal -- was four but the health care mandate is the same thing is happening here with the EPA you only a slightly different way.  In order for the EPA to traditionally impose new regulations on the State's they would have to go through the normal rule making process and -- in the states.  Instead hear what they are doing is entering into these.  Secret settlement agreements with liberal environmental groups like the Sierra Club.  And through that process imposing new regulations on states that we have to comply with and so we're now suing the EPA demanding.  This being uncovered.  But set -- one last thing about this and that is it shows that the EPA's acting like that -- RS with regard to ideology.  Because the EPA provides this kind of information to liberal groups but denies this kind of information too conservative groups and -- We mentioned a number of these groups that are involved in Sierra Club among them and other environmental activist groups.  Are gay is -- your suggestion that there in cahoots with the EPA I mean they know what they're doing when they bring these suits and then if they're -- secretly and you don't have access to them.  Where does that leave the states.  Well two to call on a legal phrase yes they are in cahoots with the EPA because in one of these -- says.  The lawsuit was filed on the same day the EPA -- -- into a settlement agreement.  With this liberal environmental group.  So they are in cahoots together to impose these new regulations on states they would otherwise be unable to impose.  If they had to go to the normal process that is required by the clean Iraq.  And -- quickly want to ask you because Texas of course in recent leases in the scene.  -- brutal fight and debate over some new abortion restrictions.  As the attorney general there should and that particular law that was passed to get here to the Supreme Court with -- current makeup of the court.  Do you believe it will withstand constitutional and legal Muster.  Well and and now the new abortion -- -- a Texas goes from the Statehouse to the courthouse where I will be defending the state of Texas.  And I do believe it will go all the way to the Supreme Court and I believe this law can be upheld by the Supreme Court as being consistent with roe -- -- One -- it does do a good job of protecting more innocent life but -- and also does a good job of protecting the health care women.  If you go back to the Roe vs.  -- opinion itself one of the key components of that opinion was insisting that states have a legitimate interest in ensuring the safety.  And well being and health care of women.  Ensuring the various -- very strangest standards.  In accomplishing that goal we thing this does that it makes women more safe and prevents things like -- got snell from happening in the state of Texas.  All right we will keep an -- and that no doubt that legal battle will be in full fledged.  Roll out as that law takes -- fact.  -- -- you'll be busy with that in with your campaign as well mr.  attorney general thank you for your time.  Thank you Shannon. "]