["married in Rio. And new years but  New Year ' s  is a day for us because. We met on  New Year ' s  we got engaged on them here as we had our our our wedding party on  New Year ' s  I feel like we will do it again ", "where we're talking about getting married in Rio. And new years but New Year's is a day for us because. We met on New Year's we got engaged on them here as we had our our our wedding party on New Year's I feel like we will do it again. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- You love birds. I know I ", "94-year-old Les Brown died July 17. She had stomach cancer. He had Parkinson's disease. The Browns were born on  New Year ' s Eve , 1918. Their son said his parents met in high school and eloped in 1937 at age 18 because their parents thought ", "Holiday cookies, Hanukkah Nov. 25: Holiday gifts Dec. 2: Holiday entertaining Dec. 9: Holidays Dec. 16:  New Year ' s Eve , year end Dec. 23: The Year Ahead SPECIAL EDITIONS 2013 The Lifestyles staff also will produce 12 Special Editions ", "you think that in Copacabana we're going to have two  New Year ' s  concerts in the same week and then when you think you can go home and rest but then you have another  New Year ' s  party in Guaratiba, you can imagine this is something ", "Holiday cookies, Hanukkah Nov. 25: Holiday gifts Dec. 2: Holiday entertaining Dec. 9: Holidays Dec. 16:  New Year ' s Eve , year end Dec. 23: The Year Ahead SPECIAL EDITIONS 2013 The Lifestyles staff also will produce 12 Special Editions ", "you think that in Copacabana we're going to have two  New Year ' s  concerts in the same week and then when you think you can go home and rest but then you have another  New Year ' s  party in Guaratiba, you can imagine this is something ", "Holiday cookies, Hanukkah Nov. 25: Holiday gifts Dec. 2: Holiday entertaining Dec. 9: Holidays Dec. 16:  New Year ' s Eve , year end Dec. 23: The Year Ahead SPECIAL EDITIONS 2013 The Lifestyles staff also will produce 12 Special Editions ", "score a bottle of champagne in the sultanate of Oman on the Arabian Peninsula as the clock winds down to midnight on  New Year ' s Eve . The suspense builds as we wonder whether he fulfills his promise of bubbly to his Italian girlfriend or must make ", "you think that in Copacabana we're going to have two  New Year ' s  concerts in the same week and then when you think you can go home and rest but then you have another  New Year ' s  party in Guaratiba, you can imagine this is something ", "The white sands of Copacabana beach typically draw millions of sun-worshippers,  New Year ' s Eve  revelers and fans for free concerts by the likes of Stevie Wonder and the Rolling Stones. In the coming week, the star of the ", "Grant, an unarmed black man fatally shot by a white police officer in an Oakland, Calif., train station early on  New Year ' s Day , 2009. The officer was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and served 11 months in prison. Video of the shooting ", "Bay Area ex-convict and former drug dealer who, famously, was fatally shot by a transit police officer early on  New Year ' s  morning, 2009. The moment is glimpsed in raw cellphone footage at the movie's start, before shifting back to the ", "Holiday cookies, Hanukkah Nov. 25: Holiday gifts Dec. 2: Holiday entertaining Dec. 9: Holidays Dec. 16:  New Year ' s Eve , year end Dec. 23: The Year Ahead SPECIAL EDITIONS 2013 The Lifestyles staff also will produce 12 Special Editions ", "World News: Saddam's Execution; New Year's  Parties; '06 Obits: Obscure Names, Iconic Work", "to do with  New Year ' s  the first toast on  New Year ' s Eve  we found Who said  New Year ' s Day . Now is make your  resolutions . Next week The next  New Year ' s  search all And finally  New Year ' s Eve  party games Guess my  resolution . So you ", "makers in the cheap champagne. We've got some tips to improve your New Year's Eve party and in this last webcast of 2006 we're gonna look at some of the people who died this year. You ", "might expect many of today's -- rising -- have to do with New Year's -- -- the first -- new year quotes. Perhaps people looking for something to say if they have to give. A toast on New Year's Eve we found many -- the end of the year actually and including -- that was sort of like from Mark Twain. Who said New Year's Day. Now is the accepted time to make your resolutions . Next week you can Begin paving hell with them. As usual. The next New Year's search all anxiety often missed -- anthem whose words few really know. For the rest of the lyrics well you'll just have to look them up on Google. And finally New Year's Eve party games is rising we look them up and our favorite. Guess my resolution . So you have a quote for your toast the correct words to the song and some games to play what else do you need for a good New Year's bash what we called someone. Who we thought would know. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "over so when you wake up in the morning in -- in New Year's Day with a fresh start but on the side of what not to do. I have found a lot of people tend ", "to do with  New Year ' s  the first toast on  New Year ' s Eve . We found Who said  New Year ' s Day  now is the make your  resolutions . Next week The next  New Year ' s  search all And finally  New Year ' s Eve  party games Guess my  resolution .", "might expect many of today's -- rising -- have to do with New Year's -- -- the first -- new year quotes. Perhaps people looking for something to say if they have to give a toast on New Year's Eve. We found many -- end of the year -- some flooding when that we sort of like from Mark Twain. Who said New Year's Day now is the accepted time to make your resolutions . Next week you can Begin paving hell with them. As usual. The next New Year's search all anxiety often -- -- anthem whose words few really know. For the rest of the lyrics well you'll just have to look them up on Google. And finally New Year's Eve party games is rising we look them up and our favorite. Guess my resolution . ", "make them, those  new year ' s resolutions  to get into shape perennial top two  resolutions  are increasing exercise experts say keep those  resolutions  small and think about you get from that  new year ' s day  announcement to friends ", "Many of us try to make them, those new year's resolutions to get into shape, to save more money. But tonight, abc's matt gutman with a stunning number. Just how many weeks do we last? Three, two, one -- happy new year! Reporter: No sooner had the newier's ball dropped and up popped jessica simpson, one of the very first ads of a new year. When a weight loss program is built for human nature, can you expect amazing. Reporter: Our resolutions more personal. About 40% of americans make these promises. I was going to try to be nicer to my brother. Not complaining as much. Take more risks in life. Reporter: By some counts, a third of these promises are broken before the end of january. Not so amazing. The perennial top two resolutions are increasing exercise and decreasing our weight. It's a $66 billion a year industry. They continue with the programs they start? There ", "of all women plan on making a  New Year ' s resolution  this year even though only a small actually follow through with your  resolutions . At the top of the to do list of the top three most popular  New Year ' s resolutions  for women. In those ", "a recent poll almost half of all women plan on making a New Year's resolution this year even though only a small percentage of you will actually follow through with your resolutions At the top of the to do list this year is losing weight no surprise there. But -- shift your focus away ", "not Think about. Clean up my.  New Year ' s resolutions . What do everything that is definitely more happy here this year's  resolution . Is going to be And it continues blowing past  resolutions . My  New Year ' s . You really don't I want quit ", "that Albania -- and not -- Think about. Clean up my. -- New Year's resolutions . What do everything that -- is definitely save more money for any language heard is to learn a musical history. My -- just listen and take more -- happy here this year's resolution . Is going to be -- -- -- And it continues to burn down at it and -- Where. -- -- a who's ", "-- More -- especially in my heart. Here is keep blowing past resolutions . My New Year's . You really don't I want quit smoking last year -- late last year I think I'm are. Why is Mike Webster online. ", "excuses you know we're predominantly letter even and  New Year ' s  Dayton. And you do to now. And so wearing open parameters you'll see what has about. And that's the good news  resolution  that. Too often we see the major change that we need ", "today every day. No excuses you know we're predominantly letter even and New Year's Dayton. And you do to now. And so wearing open parameters a great way trying to 101000 steps today. But -- -- ", "hours to firm up your  New Year ' s resolutions  do that. Back relax world's biggest  New Year ' s  fashion you're cordially invited.  New Year ' s Eve  in Times Square Patterns of course  New Year ' s  would be new news ", "I'm really happy about forty hours to firm up your New Year's resolutions -- do that. Back relax if your coffee. But show you -- goes into making Times Square the hottest ticket in town sparkling new UC. It's the world's biggest New Year's fashion you're cordially invited. -- New Year's Eve in Times Square. The made for TV holiday tradition that spans generations from guy Lombardo to the legendary Dick Clark to "]