['little boy made the shot of his life and was ambushed by his classmates on the court. Rare  Frank Lloyd Wright  House for Sale ABC News A rare  Frank Lloyd Wright  "Usonian" home is on sale in Cincinnati, Ohio. The home, built in 1946, features three ', 'The Addams Family" in front of the home used on the show (Getty Images) In 2011, after a private viewing of  Frank Lloyd Wright \'s Ennis house in L.A., which he said was the closest he\'s ever come to a spiritual experience, Hagan-Guirey ', 'you\'ll get a box to the right of the results explaining more about your search term. For instance, search for " Frank Lloyd Wright " today and the first link might be to Wikipedia. But now, to the right of that result you\'ll see some of that ', 'on a classic Pierce-Arrow automobile at the Buffalo Transportation Pierce Arrow Museum as work continues on the  Frank Lloyd Wright  designed Buffalo Filling Station at the museum in Buffalo, N.Y., Feb. 27, 2012. (David Duprey/AP Photo ', 'including: the Field of Dreams in Dyersville, Dubuque County, the covered bridges of Madison County, several  Frank Lloyd Wright  constructions including Cedar Rock in Quasqueton, in Buchanan County, and the Blue Bunny headquarters in Le Mars, Plymouth ', "in the desert. At Phoenix's Arizona Biltmore -- a grand dame that first opened in 1929, and was designed by a  Frank Lloyd Wright  protege -- a pair of packages look good enough to make you forget that summer highs average about 103 degrees ", 'reference the design; for example, the famous Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York was conceived by architect  Frank Lloyd Wright  as an "inverted ziggurat." Zinc Bars These traditional Parisian bistros were named for their now-rare zinc-topped ', 'his left shoulder. I felt the scar over his right eye, received as a child in a hotel in Honolulu (designed by  Frank Lloyd Wright , Henry always added when telling the story), when a window had fallen suddenly out of its molding as he passed ', 'Frank Lloyd Wright , who is considered America\'s greatest 23). Victor Sidy, dean of the  Frank Lloyd Wright  School of Architecture ( franklloydwrightfoundation 877-588-7900; taliesinpreservation.org  Frank Lloyd Wright  Home & StudioOak Park, Ill. "This ', "Wendover Airfield in Utah, also on the list, is at risk of irreparable damage. Joining the hangar and hotel are  Frank Lloyd Wright 's innovative Unity Temple in Oak Park, Ill., which is in a state of disrepair due to a lack of restoration funding ", "we're all rooting for her. In cincinnati, ohio, tonight, your chance to own a piece of architectural history, a  frank lloyd wright , built back in 1946, three bedrooms, soaring ceilings. The price tag, though, more than $1.8 million. A ", 'ohio, tonight, your chance to own a piece of architectural history, a frank lloyd wright , built back in 1946, three bedrooms, soaring ceilings. The price tag, though, more than $1.8 million. A school in maryland. You got ', "architecture get this he got a waterfall. The Daily Mail says Pitt is planning to design house around the falls inspired by  frank Lloyd Wright 's falling water the couple actually visited there. In 2006 he's a huge architecture fan. Less than one time ", "Pitt is planning to design -- house around the falls inspired by frank Lloyd Wright's falling water the couple actually visited there. In 2006 he's a huge architecture fan. Less than one time you have to -- ", "Michael Lopez is Web designer at least part of the team that creates the Google doodles. They celebrate birthdays like  frank Lloyd Wright 's moments in history the Mars rover. Or holidays this is Valentine's Day and have an idea great concept is is ", "of the team that creates the Google doodles. They celebrate birthdays like frank Lloyd Wright's moments in history the Mars rover. Or holidays this is Valentine's Day and have an idea great concept is -- is something ", "dilemma. Of what's ahead Blaylock really great theater and Also rising falling water that's the name of the house  Frank Lloyd Wright  designed in 1930s for department for magnet. For years it's been museum you can tore the house freaking dollars ", "and -- Also rising falling water that's the name of the house Frank Lloyd Wright designed in 1930s for department for magnet. For years it's been museum you can tore the house freaking dollars denounce going to ", 'second. She has evolved over the kind of like the old one. Lincoln logs invented ninety years ago by the son of  Frank Lloyd Wright  and named after you guessed our sixteenth president. Did you they were once made of real redwood. Roller skates ', 'old one. Lincoln logs invented ninety years ago by the son of Frank Lloyd Wright and named after you guessed -- our sixteenth president. Did you -- they were once made of real redwood. Roller skates the ', 'World News: Dems Win Senate; Bush Meets Pelosi; Effect on Iraq; Celeb Endorsements; Toy Hall of Fame', 'second. She has evolved over the kind of like the old one. Lincoln logs invented ninety years ago by the son of  Frank Lloyd Wright  and named after you guessed it our sixteenth president. Did you know they were once made of real redwood. Roller ', 'old one. Lincoln logs invented ninety years ago by the son of Frank Lloyd Wright and named after you guessed it our sixteenth president. Did you know they were once made of real redwood. Roller skates the ']