['A young  Mormon missionary  from Utah who was among the survivors of a deadly Spain train crash has dead bodies. Ward arrived in Spain six weeks ago to start a two-year  mission  for The  Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .', 'location of his truck. Cramer, a  Mormon , asked to speak to somebody high in The  Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , saying "the adversary," or devil, "is out." The  church  president for southwestern ', 'Scouting and the  Mormon church . The Rockwell exhibition the weekend at the  Church  History Museum will Priesthood." The  Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints  is the largest organization Scout troops, with  Mormon -sponsored groups ', 'Scouting and the  Mormon church . The Rockwell exhibition the weekend at the  Church  History Museum will Priesthood." The  Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints  is the largest organization Scout troops, with  Mormon -sponsored groups ', "Lake Valley On July 24, 1847,  Brigham Young  and his 148  Mormon  followers chose Salt Lake City land after the assassination of  Mormonism 's founder, Joseph Smith restore order. Largely due to  Mormonism 's profound influence over its ", 'real estate developers, and a prominent role in his local  church . So what would cause him to go missing on a business trip modern America. Colorado City is home to the Fundamentalist  Latter Day Saints ... the largest polygamous community in America. An investigation ', 'of the Fundamentalist  Latter Day Saints  (FLDS) , a radical group of the mainstream  Mormon church  exiled for their refusal in Warren Jeffs\' FLDS  Church  Jeffs is serving a life that stress." FLDS  church  teaching holds that to ', "with a secret too big to keep; a young man chafing against the strictures of Warren Jeffs' Fundamentalist  Latter Day Saints church ; suburban moms finding relief from the stress of motherhood in marijuana - they're all people who've felt ", '9 Most Shocking Moments of the Jodi Arias Trial (As Told Through the Lifetime Movie)', "which to him was a to get around  Mormon church  rules against premarital sex, she though it does portray Alexander as a  Mormon  who struggled with the morality of sex. He doesn't want his  Mormon  friends to know the details of his ", 'religious teachings of  Mormon  founder Joseph belong to the  Church  of  Latter - Day Saints , which renounced splintered from the  Church  over religious differences Fundamentalist  Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints  followers, or ', "Arizona Mother Yanira Maldonado Says Drug Smuggling Charges in Mexico a 'Nightmare'", 'here to help me and she didn\'t," Maldonado, a devout  Mormon , said. It\'s not the first time family members say they I told my son, no matter what happens you need to go to  church  on Sundays. You need to do what is right and heavenly father ', 'The  Mormon Church  has long been And then the  Mormon Church  was singled first built  Mormon  temples have apostles.  Elder  Russell Ballard years for the  church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . Recently ', "The Mormon Church has long been associated with controversy but last year was a particularly difficult one for its profile here in America. Boston April authorities in Texas removed more than 450 children from a fundamentalist compound and action later overturned by the State Supreme Court. And then the Mormon Church was singled out for criticism when it supported proposition eight. The proposal restricting the definition of marriage as being a union solely between a man. And a woman. But as we Begin the new year they've opened their doors with extremely rare access in an attempt to dispel some of the myths surrounding their faith. Dan Harris now reports for a series. Faith -- Okay. Ever since they were first built Mormon temples have been the subject of speculation and suspicion. And imposing structures where private sacred rituals are performed. And outsiders are almost never welcome. This week we were invited to tour this new temple in Utah. Invited in fact by two members of the -- twelve apostles. Elder Russell Ballard an elder Quentin cook who are at the very highest levels of the church for the interview you told me that. He you can't remember a time when two apostles and sat down for an interview ", "a PR perspective it's been a tough couple of years for the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . Recently there have been angry protests outside Mormon temples over the church's support of proposition eight. Which overturned gay marriage in California. Mitt Romney's presidential run focus attention on controversial aspects of the church . Including the fact that blacks weren't allowed into the Mormon priesthood until 1978. And then there was the wall to wall coverage of the crackdown on so called fundamentalist. Mormons. Polygamous to carry on the tradition that the mainstream church . No blood all the way back in 1890s. That's harmful ways I can be involved in public. This false impression that mormons are somehow still polygamous. May be further reinforced by the hit HBO show big love. Which was actually available on my flight into Salt Lake City. Headquarters of the Mormon Church . Upon arrival a small group of print and radio reporters were treated to a teriyaki chicken dinner. In this ornate dining room. Where we had a free willing discussion with the elder Ballard who's a former businessman. And elder took a former attorney who as apostles are believed to be prophets seers and revelations. We know. The voice of the lord. We know when He wants us to do something. -- -- in -- elder Ballard says He wants prayed for rain in the middle of a drought there let -- -- And before -- We left the temple. There was -- -- the next morning we were packed into a church van and driven south at a town of Draper where this new temple was recently completed. The 120. Ninth temple in the world. In the weeks before temple is dedicated outsiders are encouraged to visit it's a huge open house -- and once that's over however the only people who can enter our church members. Deems to be living clean and chaste lives. And here is what you see inside. This video was shot by the church our cameras were not allowed inside. The temple is just a great wonderful experience your appeared coming out of the world and ", "to eternal salvation which might help you understand this room. Where the latter day saints perform one of their most controversial -- called baptism for the dead members stand in this heated chlorinated pool. And are baptized in the name of their dead ancestors. So those ancestors can be given the option of converting to Mormon isn't in the afterlife. And the people who are deceased that is binding upon them we and -- and in a loving manner make that available. Two them and then they determine whether they want to have a. But they don't just do this for ancestors of Mormon Church members have scoured the world creating a database of hundreds of millions of names. Names that are systematically submitted for baptism. Including ", 'strict rules of their  church . There\'s a reason group of the mainstream  mormon church  that practices polygamy called the fundamentalist  latter day saints  or "flds." On the it. And just and the  church  and everything is just ', "secret party is their only escape from the strict rules of their church . There's a reason the young boys go out at night and the young girls go to those parties. It's because they can ", 'Willy was once part of a radical splinter group of the mainstream mormon church that practices polygamy. It\'s called the fundamentalist latter day saints or "flds." On the surface, life seems almost normal. Boys roughhousing along a dusty trail, children cooling off on a hot summer ', 'top of you but you can\'t hold it. And just and the church and everything is just feeding that wall with weight. Reporter: He escaped with the help of a group called "holding out help" ', "rather his  Mormon  faith. He ago at the  church  of  latter day saints  Manhattan focused here  Mormon  do you people think of  Mormon  isn't there misconceptions about  mormonism . Because popular but the  church  is growing first black  Mormon  drafted into go 12 year  mission  that would ", "He credits his -- with keeping him grounded and focused here -- Mormon do you people think that's where. Did they do. -- -- think of Mormon isn't there will look at a white there. But this world why do you find yourself having to explain. Your religion and a lot to people what I do. Many people think that mormons make don't -- And I got better -- a question a long time ago. Why do you think there are so many misconceptions about mormonism . Because it is not very popular but the church is growing and so many ways and is growing broker with -- Trying to change its image. -- of the six point two million mormons in America only 3% are African Americans. If -- ends up in the NBA he would be the first black Mormon drafted into the leak. But before that can happen when. -- a million dollar question at nineteen mormons are expected to go 12 year mission that would be right at the moon safari is comfortable to him. Draft and -- potentially huge contract. So what has Jabari didn't. His parents -- We have -- fact safari to decide for himself. What -- think will happen. We've encouraged him to you know be a good person. And that's all we can hope for Jeff Benedict who also happens to be a Mormon -- wrote the profile of -- For Sports Illustrated there is pressure it's it's not that the church puts pressure on you to do it. It's just so there's an expectation. That -- young men in the Mormon Church should ago and certainly he feels that. And so there's a bit of a -- me. There's no guarantee you'll have is much pain if he decides to going to hear mission . The tonight. He's sidelined temporarily. To pursue something that for him. Is even bigger -- fast he. He seems almost too good ", "The first  mormon  nominee for moment for the  mormon  faith, which members of the  mormon  faith are and I'm a  mormon . Reporter is why the  church of jesus christ of latter day saints  launched of anti- mormonism , still inside a  mormon temple . And, I ", 'candidate on a major ticket, and next week, another breakthrough. The first mormon nominee for president. A profound and historic moment for the mormon faith, which is still a mystery to a lot of people. So, tonight, dan harris begins a two-part series, answering questions about this uniquely american religion. Reporter: With their imposing temples, where secret rituals are performed, rituals so sacred that nonmormons cannot enter. And with their all male leadership believed to have a direct line to god, members of the mormon faith are keenly aware that they are sometimes seen as a source of mystery and suspicion. I\'m a skateborder, and I\'m a mormon . Reporter: Which, in part is why the church of jesus christ of latter day saints launched this public relations campaign with the message "we\'re your neighbors." I\'m a mormon . I\'m a mormon . Reporter: While mormons, who make up just 1.7% of our population, roughly equal to jews and double that of muslims and buddhists, are trying to be more open, america\'s best-known mormon , whonce held one of the highest positions in the church -- has talked about his faith but rarely used the word mormon . I\'m not running for pastor in chief. I\'m running for commander in chief. Next question. Reporter: So, given all the mystery and misconceptions, what is it that mormons say they believe? Here are answers to three common questions. First, why so much secrecy? It is rooted in a painful past, according to professor j. Spencer fluhman, a practicing mormon and author of the upcoming book "a peculiar people." I don\'t think it can be seen apart from a very bitter history of anti- mormonism , still, they carry it with them. Reporter: In the early days of the church , the mormons were violently driven from state to state. And their founding prophet joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob. What do they believe? In the mormon faith, the bible is considered the word of god. B but mormons also believe god added three books from joseph smith. It happened when smith was a young man in upstate new york. He claimed an angel lead him to a nearby hill where he dug up a pair of golden plates from which he translated the book of mormon . Mormons like professor robert millet are well aware that adding onto the bible in this way can be very controversial. Latter day saints love and adore the bible. But we\'ve announced it is not the end of the prophets. God still speaks. Reporter: And finally, what about jesus? Mormons believe that when jesus, the son of god returns, he will first go to jerusalem and then to missouri, where he will establish his kingdom on earth. For mormons, america plays a special role. Every summer, in fact, hundreds of the faithful act out the story of the book of mormon , which says a tribe of ancient israelites came to america thousands of years ago and were later visited by jesus after the resurrection. Mormons think they have a distinctive message they always thought that. But at the same time, the proximity to rational christianity is clear and obvious. So, mormons have a complicated relationship with traditional christianity I think is an easy to say it. Reporter: Tomorrow night we\'ll answer some common questions about mormon culture like polygamy, which was banned by the church in 1890. And we\'ll show you what I saw on a rare tour inside a mormon temple . And, I can\'t wait for tomorrow night. Bum we were talki iing today, because people do know that most mormons don\'t drink ', "The  Mormon  faith has a why the halt  Mormon  muffins calendar more The whole  Mormon  muffins 2010 active in the  church . But I'm would go to  church  every week Within the  Mormon  DS could yet problem is the  LDS church  is pretty instance. At  Brigham Young  University Do you the  Mormon Church  acute called men on a  mission  but again ", "-- February is the mother of three. I -- active in the church . But I'm also a model healthy and that and and I kind of believe that it's okay -- feel sexy. Charlie was the -- roller skates her son to school. Lisa would go to church every week we're comfortable -- confident. We're okay with god we're okay with ourselves and that you're thinking ahead of yourself you can be sexy and you can be -- What are you selling here. I'm actually selling -- statement. The calendars were designed to you actually -- down stereotypes. Within the Mormon -- DS could yet you keep -- buttons and the calendar also provides a separate muffin recipe for every month. But the muffins aren't the problem. The problem is the LDS church is pretty clear when it comes to how -- members dress. In an official pamphlet that church instructs prophets of god have always counseled his children to dress modestly. It continues in modest clothing includes short shorts skirts tight clothing shirts they do not cover the stomach and other revealing attire. And what's really interest staying about. The guidelines that they set for all church members say don't necessarily enforce with -- church members for instance. At Brigham Young University. The cheerleaders Wear very short skirts. They Wear you know. Clothes that are no more revealing than others and that's okay. -- -- Marie Osmond on Dancing With The Stars is a very devout Mormon . Wearing costumes that are completely against. The you know the moral conduct of modesty. My calendars yet they push the line the guys -- -- the girls are wearing costumes but it's. It's not overtly provocative. I think it's a summit can be provocative. But I I look that is being kind of now the -- Do you -- the Mormon Church -- acute do you think the officials the officials -- -- think it's cute. Obviously not. You know they came last year and asked me to stop production. The 2009 calendar when we -- right in the middle of it. The 2009 calendar was a little different it was all guys it was called men on a mission but again. Modesty is not the first word that comes to mind. I thought you know what a great way to show these people that. These guys that go to your door are just regular guys doing their service for the church . And they're human and normal and they have desires like you -- nine. And I -- why don't we. Kind of expose them. No pun intended. Is -- as being normal. Party who runs a team building company in Las Vegas -- day job. One as a lifelong Mormon I believed -- that type I felt like my obedience to the church is what was going to bring meaning. The most happiness day in this life and the next a lifelong Mormon until last year when church officials called him in for a hearing. After they deliberated for about 45 minutes -- decided. That the best decision was for me to be excommunicated. You could have been surprised -- I was surprised. I didn't think that the church was so concerned about. -- image as opposed to saving souls and allowing people to express themselves and and to find themselves as an individual what you said your project is trying to make a statement. That is deliberately tried to question. Some of the tenants of the church right not necessarily. On the project is not designed to question the beliefs of the church . It's it's it is designed to she challenged the stereotypes. And the -- -- -- Confines of having to conform. I'm in order to be a member of the church that's what we challenged. We contacted LDS officials in Salt Lake City who did not want to comment on this story. In addition to the ex communication the calendars also cost party his diploma at church owned Brigham Young University. They're selling. Yes none of the models has been disciplined for participating with the -- to feel the sting of criticism. I didn't feel I was mocking the church or degrading in any way it was just kind of showing you know at different society and and and you know I think -- kind of got you know not pretty hard for -- from members of the church that we don't giants and we got juts sharply for this. Despite all the criticism that biggest sales for the Mormon calendars. In Utah. It does appear there is an appetite for muffins or something else every single day I still get women. ", 'famedabyssinian baptist  church , says he remembersmany candidateand  mormon  mitt romney the face of  mormonism , one of the misconception about the  mormon  religion leaderwithin the  mormon church , more properly jesus christof  latter - day saints . Do mormons ', "what a welcome. Before he reachesthe end of his life, presidential candidateand mormon mitt romney hopes to first pass throughthe gates that lead to this house. I believe in my mormon faith. And I endeavorto live by it. Romney, to many americans,is the face of mormonism , one of the world'sfastest growing religions. What isthe biggest misconception about the mormon religion? Well, I think there aresome people who think we're not christian, and that'sa huge misconception. We believe literally that jesus christis the son of god. walker is the senior leaderwithin the mormon church , more properly called the church of jesus christof latter - day saints . Do mormons believein heaven? Oh, yes, we do, barbara. We believe absolutelyin heaven, and believe that if godis our father in heaven, ", 'Abyssinian Baptist  Church  says he remembers candidate and  Mormon  Mitt Romney believe in my  Mormon  faith. And About the  Mormon  religion of god.  Elder  William walker within the  Mormon Church . Not properly called the  church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints  or mormons ', "eight. -- Reverend Calvin Butts pastor of New York's famed Abyssinian Baptist Church says he remembers many visions of heaven -- -- news and. No tears. And -- and suffering. It's. And just at the ", "has. Before he reaches the end of his life. Presidential candidate and Mormon Mitt Romney hopes to -- passed through the gates that lead to distance. I believe in my Mormon faith. And I endeavor to live by Monday to many Americans is the face of monus and -- of the world's fastest -- villages. What does the biggest misconception. About the Mormon religion -- I think there are some people who think we're not Christian and that's a huge misconception we believe literally. That Jesus Christ is the son of god. Elder William -- walker this is senior leader within the Mormon Church . Not properly called the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints or mormons. Believe in heaven. Caller yes we do Barbara we believe absolutely and happen and believe that if god is our "]