['secrets is about to be exploezed in "amish mafia." I make sure the peace is being kept. Reporter: He leads a powerful teamf  mennonite  made men. They solve disputes, dish out justice. Are you here to arrest me? Reporter: And inforcing the laws of lancaster ', "sure the peace is being kept. Reporter: He leads a powerful teamf mennonite made men. They solve disputes, dish out justice. Are you here to arrest me? Reporter: And inforcing the laws of lancaster, pennsylvania's, ", "of me by the grace of god my mom got her life together she just found in mentor. And the man invested in me took it took  mennonites  wing and taught me how to be announced nor. That's and and certainly the circumstances have changed dramatically for you ", "found in mentor. And the man invested in me took it took mennonites wing and taught me how to be announced nor. That's and and certainly the circumstances have changed dramatically for you since then ", "run errands themselves. Aren't going anywhere now without their parents. And one man who drives people in the Amish and  mennonite  communities to stores is changing how he's doing things to. Take more precaution and uninsured but I have young people ", "their parents. And one man who drives people in the Amish and mennonite communities to stores is changing how he's doing things to. Take more precaution and uninsured but I have young people with damaged ", "devastating fire. He says what makes it more devastating is knowing that those seven children died in the house in rural  mennonite  community in Pennsylvania. About twenty miles outside Harrisburg. Investigators believe the fire broke out after 10 o'clock ", "knowing that those seven children died in the -- house in rural mennonite community in Pennsylvania. About twenty miles outside Harrisburg. Investigators believe the fire broke out after 10 o'clock at night about fifteen minutes ", 'playing with Igniting a blanket. For this town of 2500. The lost touched every one. Neighbors many from the conservative  mennonite  community turned up to help out on the farm or just be close. But He told target sudden effect on to. Yeah I think I can ', 'of 2500. The lost touched every one. Neighbors many from the conservative mennonite community turned up to help out on the farm or just be close. But He told target -- -- sudden effect on ', "house. At that time the fire department was already residents was fully involved. Firefighters battled the blaze in this  mennonite  community in rural Pennsylvania. But they couldn't save the seven children who died of smoke inhalation their ages range ", "-- -- residents was fully involved. Firefighters battled the blaze in this mennonite community in rural Pennsylvania. But they couldn't save the seven children who died of smoke inhalation their ages range from seven months ", "club that's Not until He finally leaves someone comes to dividends. Excitement. Loses like it. Ever distance education  mennonite  why isn't so. and how much are yeah. I'm. I appreciate it. Kelly this me greeting message out runners And you know ", "comes to -- dividends. Excitement. Loses -- like it. Ever distance education mennonite why isn't so. -- -- and how much are yeah. I'm. -- -- I appreciate it. -- -- -- Kelly this -- ", "had just hit the road for a wedding in Iowa and were looking forward to their daughter's wedding this summer. They're  mennonite  community in Cumberland county is trying to cope with what some say is God's will. They love to help people envious service ", "Iowa and were looking forward to their daughter's wedding this summer. They're mennonite community in Cumberland county is trying to cope with what some say is God's will. They love to help people envious service ", "Brilliant career you were in High School Musical tool you are doing an that is already gone platinum.  Mennonites . Much an island every minute gap tell us about your album. It's just something that I had a lot of creative and I been put ", "tool you are doing -- an -- that is already gone platinum. Mennonites . Much -- an island every minute gap tell us about your album. It's just -- something that I had a lot of ", 'room at noon time it settles this Peterson right there on the floor and in hospitals. In nearby Greenfield members of the  mennonite  church came out to help. So hundreds of utility workers from neighboring states that real extensive and the nine years in ', 'the floor and -- in hospitals. In nearby Greenfield members of the mennonite church came out to help. So hundreds of utility workers from neighboring states that -- real extensive and the nine years in ', "around the bank. That promise. Is our greatest and terrorists. The promise I make it to my daughters weren't tucked the  mennonite . And a promise that you make to yours. A promise that has led immigrants to cross oceans. And pioneers to travel west a ", "terrorists. The promise I make it to my daughters weren't tucked the mennonite . And a promise that you make to yours. A promise that has led immigrants to cross oceans. And pioneers to travel west ", "still struggle to avoid the same fiasco. Selena is dreaming of college again. That's going to be hard I know that movie  mennonite  community. Interest know when the called selena's mom Angie. She told us He told her that He was just doing this to couldn't ", "of college again. That's going to be hard I know that movie mennonite community. Interest -- know when -- the -- called selena's mom Angie. She told us He told her that He was just ", "premiere showing up at the other night. And in gallery. We've had everyone from devout Christian to a Baptist to Mormon to  mennonite  that was actually at the show. And we've gotten rave reviews and we've also gotten people who have looked that I'd ", "We've had everyone from devout Christian to a Baptist to Mormon to mennonite that was actually at the show. And we've gotten rave reviews and we've also gotten people who have looked -- that I'd ", "who joins former governor of the state former secretary of education invented that the CI can't I can't talk I'll be  mennonite  camp today you don't very well well I you on Friday I noticed that you the LA times that it should be clear to the president ", "-- invented that the CI can't I can't talk I'll be -- mennonite camp today you don't very well well I -- you on Friday I noticed that you -- the LA times that it ", 'something to do with that decision to Thing to it is the responsible thing to do. Has Michael Mansfield Michael sharp is a  mennonite  Christian who advises soldiers who the the smoothest route He advised Chris A lot easier to stomach war. When you believe ', 'the responsible thing to do. Has Michael Mansfield Michael sharp is a mennonite Christian who advises soldiers who -- -- the the smoothest route He advised Chris -- -- A lot easier to stomach war. ', "do it this was this year and he did it. Now there's this your mother. And who you've referred to as being a saint.  Mennonite . We had a very humble upbringing. What has your mother what has she said to you how she can also view. With your integrity ", "this your mother. And who you've referred to as being a saint. Mennonite . We had a very humble upbringing. What has your mother what has she said to you how she can also view. With ", 'schoolhouse in the cornfields now blocked off by yellow police And little girls with pig clutch on to their fathers. This  mennonite  family lives among the here nickel mines and choose to do so because it is simpler life. Now so many of their fellow families ', '-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- This mennonite family lives among the -- here nickel mines and choose to do so because it is simpler life. Now so many of ']