['Michigan rules QB Denard Robinson out at Minnesota; Devin Gardner starts instead', "Michigan quarterback Denard Robinson has been ruled out of the game at Minnesota.Robinson has had nerve damage in his right elbow that forced him out of last week's ...", 'Making their first trip to Lincoln in more than a century, the 20th-ranked Michigan Wolverines come calling on the Nebraska Cornhuskers in a pivotal Big Ten Conferen...', 'With little time to lick their wounds following an embarrassing season-opening loss to the defending national champs, the 19th-ranked Michigan Wolverines get back to...', 'Alabama and Auburn were at it again on national signing day.The Iron Bowl rivals tussled for blue-chip recruits on the first day high school football players could m...', "The last time the top job at Michigan's football program came open, it was widely considered one of the best in the business. Three years later, any coach with a pul...", "Dave Brandon made some big decisions as the chairman and CEO of Domino's Pizza.None of them will be as scrutinized as the one currently on his plate as Michigan's ro...", 'The fact that the big winner on National Letter of Intent Day came from the Southeastern Conference was not a surprise, but Ole Miss?According to Scout.com, the Rebe...', 'No. 20 Wolverines lament missed chances, turnovers in 26-21 loss to archrival Ohio State', 'No. 23 Michigan hopes to beat Iowa in home finale with seniors who started with Rich Rodriguez', 'Michigan\'s football program has 23 seniors who will go out as winners, a far cry from their first season."I wish I had been under this coaching staff for four years,...', 'Two of the more storied programs in all of college football square off in South Bend this Saturday night, as the 18th- ranked Michigan Wolverines pay a visit to the ...', "No. 20 Michigan is out to end Huskers' night home win streak, keep Legends lead for itself", "Playing at night has been right for Nebraska at Memorial Stadium.The Cornhuskers go into Saturday's meeting with No. 20 Michigan on a 10-game win streak in prime-tim...", "Michigan's problems after its 23-9 loss to Nebraska go beyond losing control of the Big Ten Legends Division race.The 20th-ranked Wolverines also lost quarterback De...", 'Rocky Long and Bronco Mendenhall will leave it to the fans to get all worked up about the revival of the BYU-San Diego State rivalry.Just two years after a botched r...', 'No. 23 Michigan has lost 4 in row to Michigan St, hopes to avoid school-record skid in series', "It's been five years since Michigan State's Mark Dantonio lost as head coach against Michigan.Back then, Wolverines running back Mike Hart referred to the Spartans a...", "Abdullah set to take over as Nebraska's featured back if Burkhead can't go vs. No. 20 Michigan", "With Rex Burkhead's status in doubt, Ameer Abdullah says he is prepared to take over again as Nebraska's featured back in what could be the Cornhuskers' most importa...", 'A.J. McCarron threw both of his touchdown passes in the first quarter and No. 2 Alabama coasted to a 41-14 drubbing of No. 8 Michigan on Saturday night.The reigning ...', 'Making his third straight start at quarterback in place of Denard Robinson, Devin Gardner tossed three touchdown passes and rushed for three more on Saturday, as the...', 'Brendan Gibbons buried three field goals on Saturday, including a 38-yarder with less than 10 seconds remaining to send No. 23 Michigan to a 12-10 triumph over Michi...', 'The Big Ten spent much of the year as a national punch line.It might get worse during bowl season.The Big Ten could only fill seven of its eight predetermined bowl s...', 'Ameer Abdullah ran for 101 yards and a touchdown on 24 carries, as the Nebraska Cornhuskers upset the No. 20 Michigan Wolverines, 23-9, to take over first place in t...']