['A Utah woman gave birth to a healthy set of quintuplets over the weekend with help from a team of eight doctors, one anesthesiologist and dozens of nurses ensuring the mother and the tiny babies survived.Guillermina and Fernando Garcia\'s five babies -- three girls and two boys -- weigh between 2 and 3 pounds each and are expected to stay at the University of Utah hospital in Salt Lake City for another six weeks. Doctors predict they will grow up completely healthy.Guillermina Garcia, 34, carried the babies until 31 1/2 weeks -- seven weeks shorter than most single-birth pregnancies but about three weeks longer than most quintuplet mothers. The extra time in the womb helped the babies\' lungs develop more than other quintuplets, said Dr. Elizabeth O\'Brien, of the newborn intensive care unit."They are all doing remarkably well," O\'Brien said.It was the first set of quintuplets ever born at the hospital. Fewer than 10 quintuplet sets are born each year in the United States. The Centers for...', 'Woman Who Gave Birth  to Octuplets  Was Given Option to Abort Some Fetuses But Refused', 'The woman who gave birth to octuplets this week already had six children but refused the option of reducing the number of embryos she was carrying last year, her mot...', 'Where is the lifetime supply of diapers, formula and baby wipes? The free van? The brand-new house?Women who give birth to six, seven or eight babies are often showe...', 'By Judge Andrew Napolitano FOX News Senior Judicial AnalystWith new details emerging about the California mother who gave birth to octuplets, a list of ethical and l...', 'The Minnesota Twins placed catcher Joe Mauer on the paternity list Wednesday to attend the birth of his twins.Mauer was a late scratch from the lineup on Tuesday aga...', "Do no harm. That's one of the oaths doctors have to take and should always practice under - but as more facts come out about this woman in California who just gave b...", 'For the second time in two years, an Argentine teenager has given birth to female triplets, BBC News reports.The 16-year-old, who goes only by the name of Pamela, fi...', "SD woman who in 1963 gave birth  to nation's first known surviving quintuplets  dies at age 79", "Mary Ann Darling Fischer, who gave birth to the U.S.'s first known surviving quintuplets in 1963 in an event that brought intense media interest in her family life, ...", 'With more and more women starting families later in life, and the use of fertility treatments becoming more common, the rate of multiples has risen in the last 20 ye...', "A mother from Maryland has given birth to a set of rare quadruplets - but, that's just the beginning of this story. Three out of the four boys are identical!Accordin...", 'Although triplets are usually born early and smaller than other babies, they may be faring well by the time they are teenagers, a small study suggests.The study, whi...', "Nadya Suleman's daunting future of raising octuplets into adulthood may best be understood by the exhausted but proud parents of other multiples and the researchers ...", 'How many Latinos are in the U.S.? Well, now please add five.A Utah woman gave birth to a healthy set of quintuplets over the weekend with help from a team of eight d...', 'A Polish woman recently gave birth prematurely to quintuplets without the use of fertility aids, Reuters and the Times of Malta reported.Civil engineer Paulina Szymk...', 'After years of infertility treatments and three heartbreaking miscarriages, Molly Magnani stared at the black and white monitor as an ultrasound wand moved over her ...', 'A soldier deployed in Afghanistan is home for two weeks to witness his wife give birth to quadruplets in Nevada.Twenty-two-year-old Army Spc. Joe Shatswell reunited ...']