["Accused NSA leaker's fate is still uncertain as he remains stuck in Russian airport.", 'surveillance of americans.  Edward snowden  revealed his identity to civilian contractor for the  nsa  in hawaii. When you see everything the guardian" conducted by  glenn greenwald  in hong kong. This is the concerned about the reach of the  nsa \'s electronic surveillance ', 'disappeared last month was a $200,000 a year civilian contractor for the nsa in hawaii. When you see everything, you see them on a more frequent basis and you recognize that some of these things are actually abuses. I think that the public is owed an explanation of the motivations behind the people who make these disclosures that are outside of the democratic model. When you are subverting the power of government that\'s way fundamentally dangerous thing to democracy. Reporter: He revealed himself sunday afternoon in this interview posted online by "the guardian" conducted by glenn greenwald in hong kong. This is the truth. This is what\'s happening. You should decide whether we need to be doing it. Reporter: Snowden said he saw firsthand and became increasingly concerned about the reach of the nsa\'s electronic surveillance of innocent americans. Even if you\'re not doing anything wrong you\'re being watched and recorded. Reporter: And that\'s why he ', "nation's secrets tonight.  Edward snowden , the 29-year-old intelligence breach at the  nsa . At any time he says out some time today,  edward snowden  has been holed up in luxury is carrying out. The  nsa  specifically targets the ", "who says he has control of a lot of nation's secrets tonight. Edward snowden , the 29-year-old whistle blow behind that massive intelligence breach at the nsa . At any time he says he's a target and on the move, hidden behind closed doors, shrouded in mystery and drama. Brian ross has the latest on who he is and what else he has. Brian. Reporter: As fbi agents are scrambling to find him there are reports he's preparing to make public even more of the nation's most closely guarded secrets. Until he checked out some time today, edward snowden has been holed up in luxury for three weeks in hong kong. By his own account, every meal came from room service, ", 'know about the surveillance and collections their government is carrying out. The nsa specifically targets the communications of everyone. It ingests them by default. Reporter: Snowden was never under suspicion until he disappeared from his ', 'secret resume for someone who dropped out of high school. Starting with nsa security guard, followed by a brief failed attempt to become a special forces soldier. Then a huge jump, a cia spy in switzerland working with computers. Then four years as a civilian contractor working with computers at the nsa in japan, washington and hawaii where he says he decided to blow the whistle on what he calls the abuse of the ', 'The National Security Agency director on  Edward Snowden  and  NSA  surveillance programs.', "All eyes are on snowed in right now the  NSA  leaker is on the run and we're just hearing this morning he may now be able to Moscow and find asylum in Venezuela or Nicaragua ", "All eyes are on -- snowed in right now the NSA leaker is on the run and we're just hearing this morning he may now be able to -- Moscow and find asylum ", "You did spy  Edward Snowden  has finally decided on a new home not far from the Moscow airport where he's currently snowed in and now says he wants asylum ", "You did -- spy Edward Snowden has finally decided on a new home not far from the Moscow airport where he's currently -- snowed in and now says ", 'Life News video shows former  NSA  contractor defending leaks, revealing asylum plans.', 'Out of hiding.  Edward snowden , who leaked so many documents, showed his face for a moment today. But he is still stuck in the airport in moscow. Why the ', 'Out of hiding. Edward snowden , who leaked so many documents, showed his face for a moment today. But he is still stuck in the airport in moscow. ', 'Alleged  NSA  leaker continues to be holed up inside a Russian airport terminal.', 'Bolivia joins Venezuela, Nicaragua as countries willing to offer the  NSA  leaker asylum.', "american fugitive on the run.  Edward snowden , the man who told the world stunning turn of events today.  Edward snowden , the man wanted on charges sitting down with the head of the  nsa . People are wondering how morning with the director of the  nsa . That's later this morning ", "there's nothing to do. You're sitting down with the head of the nsa . People are wondering how was this man able to outmaneuver the united states not once, but twice. That's a big question. He ", "said, a big interview this morning morning with the director of the nsa . That's later this morning, this week with george stephanopoulos. Thank you once again. ", "latest on the president's strong words for  nsa  leaker  edward snowden . And that dramatic plea by snowden's father for Good morning. Reporter: These latest leaks in  edward snowden 's campaign seem to be timed for maximum embarrassment ", "latest on the president's strong words for nsa leaker edward snowden . And that dramatic plea by snowden's father for his son to stop what he's doing. Abc's brian ross is here. He's been tracking this for us. Good morning. Reporter: These latest leaks in edward snowden's campaign seem to be timed for maximum embarrassment for the u.S. And the president as he remains in hiding at this hour. ", "making global headlines back in the news  edward snowden , who revealed the nation's sweeping in hong kong rallied to the cause of  edward snowden  today, american authorities told abc Snowden grew up in the shadow of the  nsa  in maryland where he showed signs of ", 'in these operations. Reporter: Snowden grew up in the shadow of the nsa in maryland where he showed signs of brilliance but dropped out of high school, tried to become a model and found his ', "news. America's number one fugitive on the move.  Edward snowden  left hong kong. What went wrong. We'll talk to the spotlight. And we begin with the breaking news.  Edward snowden , the 30-year-old government contractor who escaped ", 'week." This morning, breaking news. America\'s number one fugitive on the move. Edward snowden left hong kong. What went wrong. We\'ll talk to the four-star general who runs the world\'s biggest intelligence service. They provided critical ', "veteran. She's in the spotlight. And we begin with the breaking news. Edward snowden , the 30-year-old government contractor who escaped to hong kong with a treasure-trove of america's top secrets is on the move. Landing in ", 'Security establishment.  Edward snowden  who made all those top His last post was at the  nsa , the national security congress today the head of the  nsa , general keith alexander Even so the head of the  nsa  acknowledged he was stunned ', 'be holding a lot more secrets. His last post was at the nsa , the national security agency facility in hawaii that is a hub for american spying and computer hacking on china and north korea ', 'damage to national security. Reporter: In congress today the head of the nsa , general keith alexander said snowden already hurt the u.S. Great harm has already been done by opening this up. Our security is ', "no way to do that. Reporter: Even so the head of the nsa acknowledged he was stunned that a 29-year-old analyst who dropped out of high school in his sophomore year could have access to so many top secret documents. I have grave concerns over that. The access that he had, the process that we did. Reporter: But the general strongly defended the nsa's secret programs as legal, necessary and responsible he said, for stopping dozens of terrorist events in the u.S. And abroad. Brian ross ", 'To the latest on  edward snowden , hiding out in hong hong charges as the head of the  nsa  defends the program to congress His last post was in the  nsa  facility in hawaii, that alexander, head of the  nsa , said snowden has already ', 'To the latest on edward snowden , hiding out in hong hong, making explosive new charges as the head of the nsa defends the program to congress saying it prevented dozens of terrorists attacks. Snowden carefully choreographing the rollout of the disclosures and one ', "snowden may be holding nor secrets. His last post was in the nsa facility in hawaii, that is a hub for american spying and computer hacking on targets in china and north korea and hong kong. We don't know who the targets are, if that ever comes out, then there will be some serious damage to national security. Reporter: In his testimony before congress on wednesday, general keith alexander, head of the nsa , said snowden has already hurt the u.S. Great harm's already been done by opening this up. Reporter: Snowden grew up in the shadows was nsa headquarters in suburban maryland and overnight a new aspect of his complicated personality came through as seen in postings on a graphic arts website. A young rebel who dropped out of high school as a sophomore and tried modeling. The public education system turned its wretched, spiked back on me, he wrote on a blog. Yet even without formal education snowden was able to rise rapidly in the intelligence community because of technical skills and officials at the nsa say they're still at a loss to find out how he got his hands on so many top secrete. He had four ", "We're gonna turn out of the hunt for Edwards noted in the former  NSA  contractor turned leak it is intensifying as his revelations about the US spy program keep coming. And this morning new perspective ", 'gonna turn out of the hunt for Edwards noted in the former NSA contractor turned leak -- it is intensifying as his revelations about the US spy program keep coming. And this morning new perspective ', "everyone I'm new York and this is an ABC news digital special report. For the first time since the Justice Department charged  NSA  whistle blower Edwards snowed in with espionage President Obama has addressed the US government's efforts to noted caught ", "digital special report. For the first time since the Justice Department charged NSA whistle blower Edwards snowed in with espionage President Obama has addressed the US government's efforts to -- noted caught. And sent home ", 'Now, to the latest on  nsa  leaker  edward snowden . He has spent a month in limbo moscow airport where fugitive  edward snowden  is preparing himself for possible released under their watch.  Edward snowden  is seen by some as a hero ', 'Now, to the latest on nsa leaker edward snowden . He has spent a month in limbo at a russian airport. But that may change soon. He may be allowed to leave ', 'Former  NSA  contractor turned whistleblower faces serious charges from U.S. prosecutors.']