['Another day of crisis and crackdowns in Cairo, as Egypt braces for more massive protests.', "going on between  Egypt  and You know  Egypt  has long been been more the  egyptians  who've come military and  Egyptian  military Israeli country like  Egypt  to meet top of controlled by  Egypt  we have seen In the in the  Sinai Peninsula  that has driven mark marks in  Cairo  forests Alex ", "report. Rise up that was the message from Muslim Brotherhood leaders in Egypt to their Islamist supporters. Just hours after a clash with the military that left at least fifty protesters dead. And now observers are were in the incident could signal the beginning -- yet another new. And violent phase of Egypt's long revolution we're joined now Cairo by -- mark part Alex thank you for being with us. Eight tell me a little -- out walk through what happened ", "crisis in  Egypt  Alex. it's cities here in  Cairo  tonight as ousted by the  Egyptian  military thousands of  egyptians  celebrated dissolved  Egypt 's constitution blood of the  Egyptian  people these same  egyptians  were fighting since then  Egypt  Becomes so events in  Cairo  closely  Egypt", "Dramatic showdown between Egypt's military and the ousted president. Once again millions of citizens of taken to the streets in Cairo in dueling protests. But is this of people still. Or one strong armed by the military tonight President Obama met with his national security team as a key American ally stands on the brink of civil war. ABC's out Smart port is covering the crisis in Egypt Alex. -- it's a tale of two cities here in Cairo tonight as we wait to see who makes the next move. President Morrissey was ousted by the Egyptian military a spokesman now tells us he's been arrested. That -- hundreds of thousands of egyptians celebrated his removal from power. Fireworks and jubilation erupted in top -- -- square tonight at the military announced it dissolved Egypt's constitution. And deposed president -- more -- after just one year in office what -- that. In his speech to the nation the head of the military said they were responding to the calls of the people military also blamed more seat for failing to unite egyptians . President more -- struck back. Calling the military's moves unacceptable. And arguing that he was legitimately elected. In a -- his office said. Measures announced by the armed forces leadership. Represented a full -- Categorically rejected by all the free men of our nation when -- got there Saturday ended a video posted online -- ominously warned whoever planned this wants to spill the blood of the Egyptian people. It was just two and a half years ago that many of these same egyptians were fighting to oust another president since then Egypt -- Becomes so deeply polarized. Over worries that -- civil war could -- the country apart. -- Morrissey made a lot of mistakes and I think a lot of the decisions that he made over his first year in office did give people real reason to question. His intentions with respect to democracy. And the -- hundreds ability to play a democratic game. The United States is watching events in Cairo closely Egypt is one of the US's closest allies in the Middle East. One of the largest recipient of American dollars in foreign aid. Just four days ago on the first anniversary of president more c.'s election demonstrators gathered across the country. -- for more -- stepped down and for new elections to be held according to the military these demonstrations turned into the largest protest in Egyptian history. Millions demonstrating across the country. And I think the methods still has been Egypt Mohamed -- the -- You know would come here it is kids. They don't want any lives and I'm not convinced then ", "reporting that  Egypt 's president facilities in  Cairo  including the all eyes are on  Egypt  Karen. Hi Dan enter explain  Egypt . And on the brink step down. The  Egyptian  military gave control young  egyptians  calling themselves visitors. The iconic  pyramids  practically empty ", "down Cutler -- New York with his ABC news digital special report Egyptian television is reporting that Egypt's president -- -- -- Is under arrest but a presidential spokesperson denies that and the Muslim Brotherhood a political party of the ", "expected. And his Muslim Brotherhood political party once too much control young egyptians calling themselves. Yeah started the demonstrations. This young woman told ABC news in the new constitution there's no role -- he said. In the era of more -- -- have no place the anger is also driven by Egypt's decimated economy -- once vital tourism industry struggling without American visitors. The iconic pyramids practically empty. This goes up. -- Americans on board in the month how much money did you make this week. This week ", 'The people of  egypt  demanding their very latest. The  egyptian  military is effectively americans to leave  egypt . We will explore so heavily on  egypt  to bring stability center of it all in  cairo . Reporter: This streets across  egypt  in historically the blood of the  egyptian  people. Alex marquardt. Abc news,  cairo . As we said ', "of the capital. Spokesman tweeted there is a full military coup in egypt . Then they announced morsi is out. The head of the military said he was respond k to the call of the people, suspending the counsel's tugs and naming the top constitutional judge to take over until new presidential elections can be held. Tahrir square, the birth place of egypt's revolution two and a half years ago erupted once again. Since sunday millions have poored into the streets across egypt in historically massive protests, demanding that morsi step down and calling for early elections. This is the moment we've been waiting for ", "what you're seeing in  Egypt  are these. Huge growing is put by the people of  Egypt  into the military. Well you know therefore the  Egyptian  people that said there continues to relate. To  Egypt  as I said you know there ", 'digital special report. -- 48 hour warning has expired and now the Egyptian military. Has descended on Cairo Egypt locking down president Mohamed more seat taking back control of the country. In the name of anti government protesters the army. Will ', "country's militaries.  Egypt  receives $1.3 billion hagel called this man --  egypt 's military chief general al-sissi. For now  egypt  is looking to the past so intention here in  cairo  that anything could set yat. Reporter: If the  egyptian  army thought the muslim ", "We begin tonight with that crises boiling over in egypt . Tonight crowds are once more amassing in cairo's tahrir square, the country's first freely elected president deposed and sits under house arrest, a new interim leader sworn in. Tension is splintering, jup lags on one side, on the other side anger among millions of followers of the muslim brotherhood. The u.S. National security team spent this holiday in the situation room monitoring this important american all lie. The big question, is egypt on the brink of civil war. Alex marquardt has the latest tonight from cairo . Reporter: Good evening, elizabeth. A huge military crackdown is underway here tonight. The crowds here in tahrir square are celebrating the arrest of egypt's first democratic president in 5,000 years. But top aides from his party, the muslim brotherhood, are behind bars. Tonight, egypt is a tinderbox, and morsi's supporters are warning of bloody violence to come. A heart drawn in the sky -- a message from egypt's military to their supporters on the square below. I'm so, so, so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so proud at the same ", "50 people dead. Today, the military installed a new virtually unknown president, egypt's top constitutional judge. Do you know the name of the new president? No Reporter: The past few days have highlighted the army's historic and tremendous power, the strongest institution in the country. Egypt's presidents have all been military men. Its first civilian president, morsi, lasted just a year. In egypt , the military has far more than just the traditional role. They control a huge part of the economy, with estimates up to 40%. They build roads and bridges and have their own brands of olive oil and water. At the core of the u.S.- Egypt friendship are the country's militaries. Egypt receives $1.3 billion a year from the u.S. Washington is hoping that cash can help avoid an all-out civil war. Today, defense secretary hagel called this man -- egypt's military chief general al-sissi. For now egypt is looking to the past, a strong man in control of the country, not the new president but the head of the army. The muslim brotherhood and its allies are calling for protests tomorrow against the military. They're calling it the friday of rejection. They say they want to keep it peaceful but things are so intention here in cairo that anything could set it off. As alex just said, one of the biggest worries is if and how the millions strong muslim brotherhood and supporters will retail yat. Reporter: If the egyptian army thought the muslim brotherhood would take defeat quietly they were mistaken. We walked the streets of cairo today and they are ripe for bloodshed. The muslim brotherhood is far fr from conceiting defeat. We had to go through sever ", "interview with the last  egyptian  president, hosni battle lines drawn in  egypt . I interviewed morsi president for all  egyptians . And this is the the decision of the  egyptian  armed forces to remove its military aid to  egypt . That's about ", "to start with you. You had the last interview with the last egyptian president, hosni mubarak. They're taking great pains, the military, to say this isn't a coup. But it is, isn't it? This is going to be an argument for days to come, at least, as the u.S. Government figures out how to respond. Calling it a coup, not calling it a coup, and as the rest of the world does. You've seen the battle lines drawn in egypt . I interviewed morsi. He said to me he was going to be president for all egyptians . And this is the problem because they didn't believe he was. This is really the battle lines between secularism and religion. What ", "worded. He said, we are deeply concerned by the decision of the egyptian armed forces to remove president morsi and suspend the egyptian constitution. I now call on the egyptian military to move quickly and responsibly to return authority to a democratically-elected civilian government. They want that to happen as soon as possible. As you said, they did not call it a military coup. There is a reason for that. That is a legal term. If there is actually a military coup, the united states would have to suspend its aid, its military aid to egypt . That's about $1.3 billion. So, at the heart of this is money. At the heart of this is money. Indeed, what's at stake for the united states? This is a key arab alley. The largest arab country on the heart of the suez canal, through which oil and vessels travel. It's massively influential. One in four arabs in that region live in egypt . We have a very close military relationship with egypt . It is absolutely a key partner. What happens there really does influence the rest of the region. Christiane we heard of the threats of violence from the muslim brotherhood. They said dying for the sake of god is more sublime than anything. What is the danger this could flip into an all-out civil war? With any luck it will not. People are talking about shedding blood, even the military, before they took over, saying they would shed their blood to maintain the integrity of egypt . This is part of what they're saying. We have to see if the military makes good on promising to have new election, ", "today's clashes in  Cairo . With the deposed are joined from the  Egyptian  capital might Smart at a live picture  Egypt  there were clashes come in the downtown  Cairo . It is good that state TV building  Egypt  has. A state run ", "is what pro. Mohammed more C supporters are calling today's clashes in Cairo . With the deposed president still in military detention. His supporters took to the streets storming the sixth of October bridge. And now that violence. Is spreading you're looking at a live picture there and we are joined from the Egyptian capital might -- -- Smart port on the phone. Alex what is the latest on the ground situation. Good afternoon didn't look ", 'A major attack in  Egypt  a vital US ally on the brink of civil war soldiers reportedly opened one soldier dead. This is a massive escalation of the tension here in  Egypt  foresees party the Muslim Brotherhood has called on its supporters to ', 'A major attack in Egypt a vital US ally on the brink of civil war soldiers reportedly opened fire on protesters -- worst violence. Since the political ', 'soldier dead. This is a massive escalation of the tension here in Egypt foresees party the Muslim Brotherhood has called on its supporters to rise up. Which means there could be much more violence in ', "and works in  egypt . We met her at  cairo 's village picture ancient  egypt  with huge monuments ways of the  egyptians . He was educated palace among the  egyptian  elite, we're bleak part of  cairo , really very know about the  pyramids  is that the a che chent  egypt . They are ", "to melt away and I'm struck by the power and history of egypt's majestic waterway. We're here because this is the backdrop for the bible's timeless story of freedom redemption. This is where the moses ", "cutting off aid to  Egypt . What I would say the situation in  Egypt  we aren't taking relationship with  Egypt  is not. Limited aspirations of the  Egyptian  people for. Democracy views of millions of  egyptians  about the undemocratic ", "just be clear is the administration. Actively considering cutting off aid to Egypt . What I would say John is that we are. Monitoring the situation in Egypt we aren't taking the time necessary to make the determination about what happened and what to. Label it if you will and we will work with congress on. That and on the issue further assistance I would point out simply that our relationship with Egypt is not. Limited to -- defined solely by the assistance that we provide to Egypt . It is broader and deeper than that and it is bound up in America's support for. The aspirations of the Egyptian people for. Democracy for a better economic and political future. And and we support that we support that process so our decisions ", "to democratic governments governments democratically elected government. It is for the addition Egyptian people to decide who their leaders are we have the president has expressed his deep concern about. The actions of the Egyptian military and removing president -- she from now. -- we are mindful as I -- -- that talk about the polarization in Egypt and the views of millions of egyptians about the undemocratic governance. -- the more -- government. And their demands for a new government so and and again I'm trying to be candid here about you'll you'll you'll get no argument from me if you. Go on the air and say that this is -- highly complicated situation. -- Requires. -- very careful monitoring and engagement and and that we do not we want to take action that. And make decisions that helps. Egypt move forward in this process. And it helps Egypt . Reconcile and egyptians reconcile. As they move forward towards democratic. Governments in the future what is deeply. Concerned as you are about how more she ", 'coverage of the crisis in  egypt  as we ask, could this was a tense day here in  egypt . After the first democratically Battles in the streets of  cairo  tonight. Supporters and In one city far from  cairo , the army opened fire supporters turned out across  egypt  today. We elected him ', 'arresting image today. This one playing out overseas. Frightening scenes out of egypt tonight. Supporters of the ousted president mohamed morsi facing off against the military. Things turn chaotic. Soldiers firing shots into the crowd of presidential supporters. As the day wore on, fires breaking out. Tonight our coverage of the crisis in egypt as we ask, could this lead to civil war. Alex, good evening. It was a tense day here in egypt . After the first democratically lekted president was ousted. Many are afraid it could be the beginning of a bloody wave of violence. Reporter: Battles in the streets of cairo tonight. Supporters and opponents of the deposed president exchanging gunfire, rocks, and molotov cocktails. The army eventually arrived, but here and in issue slashes elsewhere, 17 people were killed, dozens more wounded. In one city far from cairo , the army opened fire as supporters prayed, sending them running for It was a day mohamed morsi\'s supporters dubbed the "friday of ', "marquardt with the latest in  cairo  this morning. Alex tahrir square. Another  egyptian  leader taken down by doing nothing for the  egypt  economic crisis. Said but trying to control  egyptian  life. They were changing was sworn in. He is  egypt 's top constitutional ", "whoever planned this, he said, wants to spill the blood of the egyptian people. There's still a small celebration going on here in tahrir. They've been firing off some fireworks. Just a short time ago, the new interim president was sworn in. He is egypt's top constitutional judge. The military is trying hard to make sure this doesn't look like a coup. But morsi supporters are saying ", "Burkhardt the latest from  Cairo  Alex. Good morning the It is deeply divided  Egypt . An  Egyptian  fighting.  Egyptian  a bridge in downtown  Cairo  became the front in this Opponents and supporters of  Egypt 's ousted president firing ", "-- a lot going on. Let's get -- breaking news overnight in Egypt where the violence has escalated after the military ousted that country's first democratically elected president -- more -- His backers -- being deadly clashes with the opponents. BC's Alex Burkhardt -- the latest from Cairo Alex. Good morning -- the worst violence we've seen yet between the supporters. And opponents of ousted president -- -- seat happened just a short distance from where we are here and talk we are square and many here it's a sign of much more bloodshed -- com. It is deeply divided Egypt . An Egyptian fighting. Egyptian a bridge in downtown Cairo became the front in this deadly battle on Friday night. Opponents and supporters of Egypt's ousted president firing guns and fireworks throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails. After several hours of violence the army finally stepped in and dispersed the crowds. Violence -- well beyond capitol as well here the army opened fire on supporters of the deposed president Mohammad more -- as they break. Across Egypt at least thirty people were killed in 200 wounded the target of the furious. Egypt's military system Wednesday removed the country's first democratically elected president. And placed him under arrest. Protests supporting more -- drew tens of ", 'And in  egypt  this evening, perhaps people on the streets of  cairo  now, marking the one-year bystander and he was there in  egypt  to teach english to children peace is illusive and  egypt  is more divided than marquardt, abc news,  cairo .', "And in egypt this evening, perhaps the most arresting images since the arab spring there. Giant protests unfolding with several million people on the streets of cairo now, marking the one-year anniversary of their president's inauguration. But now, they're demanding he resign. The resistance building and turning violent. As rereported last night here, an american college student among those killed. He was a bystander and he was there in egypt to teach english to children. Abc's alex marquardt is in tahrir square. Reporter: Wave after wave they came, marching straight towards the ", 'move here in pursuit of peace. Tonight, that peace is illusive and egypt is more divided than ever. Alex marquardt, abc news, cairo . ', "fast-breaking developments in  egypt . Fears of more violence Abc's byron pitts is in  cairo , where there are calls what is a new reality in  egypt . Look closely to the brotherhood charge a lone  egyptian  soldier. They swarm towards democracy in  egypt . Interim president adly ", 'go home or give in, to what is a new reality in egypt . Look closely to the left of your screen. Members of the brotherhood charge a lone egyptian soldier. They swarm like bees. Another soldier tries to intervene. And he, too, was tackled to the ground. Morsi is -- Reporter: ', 'believing this is another new step on the journey towards democracy in egypt . Interim president adly mansour. He was hand picked by the military. He called the muslim brotherhood, part of the fabric of an egyptian society. While he sounded like a leader with reconciliation, members of the military were rounding up members of muslim brotherhood. President morsi ', "story, the crisis in  egypt . Both sides are military-backed government.  Egypt 's ambassador to behind can. And now,  egypt 's ambassador to president for all  egyptians . 22 million  egyptians killed, leaders from  egyptian  parties, from  egyptian", "But now to the other breaking story, the crisis in egypt . Both sides are calling for demonstrations ler today after deadly clashes this weekend. There is still confusion over who will be named prime minister in the new military-backed government. Egypt's ambassador to the u.S., mohamed tawfik is joining us next. But first the interview with the spokesman for the muslim brotherhood. He ", "man can't enjoy democracy. The ones you leave behind can. And now, egypt's ambassador to the u.S. Appointed by president morsi. Thank you for joining us. You heard there from the spokesperson from the muslim brotherhood, they are willing to die for this. They say it's ridiculous that it's not a coup. What is your response? What has happened is that the people of egypt have decided that president morsi did not act during his year in office as president for all egyptians . 22 million egyptians wrote petitions demanding early elections. My advice to the muslim brotherhood is they need to acknowledge the mistakes that they made and they need to join the process. Let us look ahead to the future. There is room for everyone in egypt , but there is no room for violence. There is no room for incitement to hatred and to commit acts of violence. But ", 'I asked him about  egypt  and whether in light listen to them in  egypt . But a lesson of what has happened in  egypt  good or bad for the fact that half of  egyptians  live on less than majorityism and the  egyptian  people did pull back ', "mohamed morsi was increasingly saying it's about elections and majorityism and the egyptian people did pull back and participated with 20 million plus signing petitions. There's a tweet going on that the muslim brotherhood is ", "what they say. How can you say with a straight face, the egyptian ambassador did, it was not a military coup. The chairman of the joint chiefs coming out and saying excuse me, we've pushed ", "forth. But I would agree that the biggest untold story is the egyptian economy. Martha. We still see democracy through our rose-colored glasses. We do. It's going to be different there, different in the other countries. But we still expect that. And I think that's the hardest thing for americans to let go. They will get a do-over here. What is the next democratically elected president in egypt think about his future? He may have to play it carefully. I don't know the message. But it's different, it's a different culture. This was the first democratically elected president and he didn't abide by a democratic process even as they wanted it in egypt . There was a military coup in 1952. Six decades of military rule. A brief moment of democracy, but there's no democratic -- no democratic culture to fall back upon. I don't think there's a danger of a civil war, not just two sides, but two armies, and there's only one in egypt . And a well-respected army. I think the message to islamists here is democracy is not for you. You may get elected, it's ", 'We turn to  egypt , where the military flashpoint, tahrir square in  cairo . Good morning, alex saying enough is enough.  Egypt  is in a political crisis people protesting across  egypt  for the last several decimated. Visitors to the  giza pyramids  have all but disappeared ', "We turn to egypt , where the military has given the president there a major ultimatum. He has until tomorrow to end the crisis engulfing his country and his presidency. Millions of people taking to the streets, demanding that president morsi will step down. And alex marquardt is there at the flashpoint, tahrir square in cairo . Good morning, alex. Reporter: That's right. The military saying enough is enough. Egypt is in a political crisis and economic crisis. They're saying that the people just can't continue like this. So, what we're going to see now is if the president doesn't meet the people's demands, if he doesn't meet the demands of the people protesting across egypt for the last several days, the military will step in and intervene with their own plan. Jubilation on tahrir square, as the military handed down its ultimatum to egypt's president. Army helicopters flew overhead. A sign, protesters said, the military is in their corner. We're very happy. It's one of the best things that has happened to egypt . We've been looking forward to it for almost a year now. Reporter: The army, you feel is on your side? Yes. Reporter: The same protesters demonstrated against the army when it ran the country following egypt's revolution. Today, the military is seen as saviors, swooping in to rescue a deeply polarized egypt , with an economy that's been decimated. Visitors to the giza pyramids have all but disappeared. Gas lines are hours long. The country is not functioning. The economy's doing badly. Reporter: Morsi supporters say "]