["doctors are confident. She can handle it. Congresswoman  Gabby Giffords  felt some on her face for the first time since the shootings band. The 22 year old is due in court Monday morning.  Gabby Giffords  fights to make her husband's prediction. A reality ", 'always risky but her doctors are confident. She can handle it. Congresswoman Gabby Giffords felt -- some on her face for the first time since the shootings nearly two weeks ago. Leaving the hospital but not ', "band. The 22 year old is due in court Monday morning. -- Gabby Giffords fights to make her husband's prediction. A reality. -- may be leaving Tucson for awhile but her husband promises. She will not ", 'assassination of  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords . And after so Taylor Green. To  congresswoman Giffords  event. Is now anguish. When He  Congresswoman Giffords  fall slow slide ', "charges He faces for the -- shooting including the attempted assassination of congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords . And after so much encouraging news Giffords is experiencing a complication that's capturing intensive care and delayed the start of her rehab. ", 'And to move forward even when you think you. Now. A year ago a lone assassin a suburban supermarket  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords  meeting with constituents. And in seconds a federal judge a nine year old girl and four others. All ', 'think you. Now. A year ago a lone assassin a suburban supermarket congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords meeting with constituents. And in seconds a federal judge a nine year old girl and four others. All have died. Giffords critically ', 'Returned it back colleague who is the personification. Of Paris. Of sincerity of that and admiration throughout the country. Congresswoman.  Gabby Giffords .', 'Of Paris. Of sincerity of that and admiration throughout the country. Congresswoman. Gabby Giffords . -- -- ', "To just about everyone she's just daddy.  Congresswoman Giffords  is inspired loyalty and love in so many one of memory intern Daniel Hernandez. When the bullets rang out He ran toward that ", "To just about everyone she's just daddy. Congresswoman Giffords is inspired loyalty and love in so many one of memory intern Daniel Hernandez. When the bullets rang out He ran toward ", "and more complex thought that requires words. That's where she's had trouble by the end of this month  congresswoman Giffords  will be released from the memorial Hermann hospital where she has lived since January. She will continue her ", "words. That's where she's had trouble by the end of this month congresswoman Giffords will be released from the memorial Hermann hospital where she has lived since January. She will continue her rehab is an outpatient ", 'Washington three minute standing ovation Republicans and Democrats alike. Saluting a congresswoman who has become an example for  Gabby Giffords  stepping down. All watched a moments last month. Resident received congresswoman who reached who we benefits that hear ', 'alike. Saluting a congresswoman who has become an example for -- -- Gabby Giffords stepping down. All watched a moments last month. Resident received congresswoman who reached -- who we benefits that hear that flopped back ', 'And moving moment at the ceremony marking one year after a bullet was fired at the head of congresswoman  Gabby Giffords . With a little help from her husband astronaut mark Kelly she managed to raise her paralyzed hand to her heart and listen to she ', 'one year after a bullet was fired at the head of congresswoman Gabby Giffords . With a little help from her husband astronaut mark Kelly she managed to raise her paralyzed hand to her heart and listen ', 'have confirmed reports that  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords  He up on the screen a democratic do know this afternoon that  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords  a Democrat of the eighth district again but we can confirm is  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords  Democrat of Tucson Arizona ', "of Tucson Arizona. This afternoon where we are have confirmed reports that congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords He -- -- up on the screen a democratic Toussaint has been shot. Outside an event at a Tucson supermarket it's unclear ", '-- as well but what we do know this afternoon -- that congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords a Democrat of the eighth district of Arizona that is. In Tucson Arizona has been shot taken to the hospital we are ', 'Earliest in Washington thank you end again but we can confirm is congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords -- Democrat of Tucson Arizona. Shop while holding an event outside a supermarket in Tucson several others also shot and again their ', "is still in shock trying to make sense out of Saturday's. Insanity in Tucson work  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords . in critical condition after 22 year old Jared Lee Iraq. Opened fire at her public appearance to a six people including a nine ", "shock trying to make sense out of Saturday's. Insanity in Tucson work congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords . -- in critical condition after 22 year old Jared Lee -- Iraq. Opened fire at her public appearance to a six people ", 'Ryan Owens has more. With a little help congresswoman  Gabby Giffords  stood on her own two feet and looked out the window of cards. As soon as tomorrow doctors here in Tucson expect  congresswoman Giffords  will be moved to a world renowned rehabilitation hospital ', 'get well cards. As soon as tomorrow doctors here in Tucson expect congresswoman Giffords will be moved to a world renowned rehabilitation hospital. In Houston here at memorial Hermann doctors have helped patients many thought could ', 'Perhaps the best kept secret in Washington has seen in decades  Gabby Giffords  making their way back to the capital to vote in favor of the dead deal. Swell of applause filled the house welcoming one of their ', 'Perhaps the best kept secret in Washington has seen in decades Gabby Giffords making their way back to the capital to vote in favor of the dead deal. Swell of applause filled the house welcoming ', 'daughters future. And is the presence. Elimination. As good issue. The sponsor it. Of the USS. Gabriel Plus. Thank you  Gabby Giffords . Thank you Being here today in for being part of the life of the ship. And since. Thank all of you for being here and ', 'issue. The sponsor it. Of the USS. Gabriel -- Plus. Thank you Gabby Giffords . Thank you -- Being here today in for being part of the life of the ship. And -- -- since. Thank all ', "Arizona to help coordinate. These efforts. I've also spoken to the democratic and Republican leaders in the house.  Gabby Giffords  it's. A friend of she is not only extraordinary public servant. But she's also somebody who. Is warm. And She is ", "I've also spoken to the democratic and Republican leaders in the house. Gabby Giffords -- it's. A friend of -- she is not only extraordinary public servant. But she's also somebody who. Is warm. And -- ", 'Today commander mark Kelly announced He is retiring from the navy and from NASA to take care of his wife. Congresswoman  Gabby Giffords  to help her fight for recovery from the gunshot wound to her head. And Bob Woodruff starts us off with their story tonight ', 'the navy and from NASA to take care of his wife. Congresswoman Gabby Giffords to help her fight for recovery from the gunshot wound to her head. And Bob Woodruff starts us off with their story ', "connecticut,  gabby giffords  and her husband of miracle that  congresswoman giffords  survived. A bullet mountain, it's  gabby giffords . Today, she has house welcomes what  gabby giffords  are doing here ", "jared loughner opened fire, it is still a kind of miracle that congresswoman giffords survived. A bullet had torn a tunnel through her brain. Yeah, that's it. That's a thumb. We saw her incredible spirit, her ", 'Americans have been hoping to hear  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords  has her first words. And ABC hospital room over the past few days  congresswoman Giffords  has been speaking using simple or no reference to context.  Congresswoman Giffords  words are showing what doctors ', "her brain the news so many Americans have been hoping to hear congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords has -- her first words. And ABC news has learned she is now talking more and more. Just yesterday her husband astronaut mark Kelly sent out an email message that she is recovering at lightning speed. But we didn't know for sure what that meant until our Bob Woodruff brought us the new details tonight. Her office gave us the news just hours ago in her hospital room over the past few days congresswoman Giffords has been speaking using simple words. They would not say how many or how often but one of those words was toast "]