['This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', "good evening, if you want to know how broken, how partisan our congress and government has become, all you need to look at is this one day in washington, where tonight we're no closer to compromise on a deal to avoid that so-called fiscal cliff. and where today in the senate chamber, when a big vote was on the line, there was a big emotional moment. ", ' appeared in the chamber, a visual powerful reminder of a time when lawmakers got along and compromised and made laws. but there was no such outcome today. ', '. we have two reports to start off with tonight, beginning with the financial deadline looming for the entire country, ', ". republicans say they have delivered their best offer and now the ball is in the president's court. a day after republicans put their plan on the table, ", 'the main sticking point continues to be taxes. the president wants to increase rates on those making more than $250,000 as a part of his plan to raise 1$1.6 trillion over 10 years. ', "when you look at the math, it doesn't work. we're going to have to see the rates on the top two% go up. and we're not going to be able to get a deal without it.", 'mr. obama did not specify if the rates had to go all the way up to their clinton era levels. and he suggested wiggle room to lower rates next year as part of a comprehensive ', "republican leaders say they won't budge on race, arguing their deal represents compromise, noting it has even some loyal conservatives.", " sparring back and forth in public. it strikes me it's a good time to get serious about the proposals.", 'the president also continued his pr offensive by welcoming a bipartisan group of governors to the ', ". the group which also met with republicans didn't endorse either side's plan, but did agree on one thing.", "the uncertainty that's out there lingering, that's creating havoc with our economy and our states --", ' poll found that 53% of the americans would blame the republicans if the country would careen off the cliff.', 'i think the offer from the president was ridiculous. i think the offer from the republicans was equally ridiculous.', ' last night. and avoided the receiving line to greet the president. officials tell me there are discussions going on ']