["Blake lively Hollywood boss and  Gossip Girl . And we've got a clip from the so what kind of that He you like  Gossip Girl  so I'm playing Jane it's okay I've enjoyed being a part of  Gossip Girl  and that part of it. And I kind ", "now she's back on TV she's played Blake lively Hollywood boss and Gossip Girl . And we've got a clip from the show check it out. I'm not -- anyone total -- Comes in trouble. Little reminder ", "-- right now so what kind of that He -- you like Gossip Girl so I'm playing Jane it's okay I am way. High powered Hollywood producer and Serena comes to work for me in all ", "first -- so for many reasons I've enjoyed being a part of Gossip Girl and -- that part of it. And I kind of had to get it out of my system and I would. Walked ", 'life drama for prime time TV star  Gossip Girl  Leighton Meester is suing Saying of the show who On the hit show  Gossip Girl  Leighton character Blair Waldorf known for her TV you rollers and  Gossip Girl  and Toronto. Recently performing ', 'Now some real life drama for prime time TV star Gossip Girl Leighton Meester is suing -- Saying she stole money -- sense for her little Brothers -- charged with Constance and eastern -- ', 'life drama worthy of the show who -- On the hit show Gossip Girl Leighton -- character Blair Waldorf has a good relationship with her mother and -- is reason enough to move but. But life ', '25 year old is best known for her TV you rollers and Gossip Girl and -- Toronto. Recently performing alongside when -- -- throw in the movie country strong and get too concerned that now. -- ', 'highly anticipated season finale of  Gossip Girl  is Monday may seventeenth since known as the Waldorf family made on  Gossip Girl . Welcomes is on thanks so much such a cool character and also.  Gossip Girl  fans are so. Incredible that ', 'And the highly anticipated season finale of Gossip Girl is Monday may seventeenth since joining us now from Los Angeles to -- all the -- politics fact his actors to do is on action -- also known as -- the Waldorf family made on Gossip Girl . Welcomes is on -- thanks so much for joining us today. Hello thank you for having me so can you bring us ', "it's an honor took to play such a cool character and also. Gossip Girl fans are so. Incredible that. You know just to feel their love is. Is a huge round I what I -- it ", "those behind the scenes juicy details on the hit show  Gossip Girl  one of my favorites of all time Kelly it is so great seasons at Madison and happy and thank you him. Click  Gossip Girl  airs Monday nights at 9 o'clock on the CW that is on ", '-- those behind the scenes juicy details on the -- hit show Gossip Girl one of my favorites of all time Kelly it is so great to see you thank you media to you and congratulations ', "and seasons at Madison and happy and thank you -- him. Click Gossip Girl airs Monday nights at 9 o'clock on the CW that is on the we have Fareed and parent here and philosophy. ", "you're a fan of the hit show  Gossip Girl  the empire hotel delivers in a tell about. What I think we're  Gossip Girl  first came to us they really just so your wife Barbara have some  Gossip Girl  that when I looked at bats. Me ", "place. That inspired you. If you're a fan of the hit show Gossip Girl the empire hotel delivers in a big way because you can stay in play. Right where they filmed the show. With 420. ", "it. That little extra boost tell -- about. What I think we're Gossip Girl first came to us they really just wanted to film one seen here at hotel. I guess -- got really good feedback from their fans and -- -- would you like to include the hotel is kind of an ongoing. Characters in the show. And so it's that we think we'd like that and so your wife Barbara have some Gossip Girl -- -- that -- when I looked at bats. Me up out the wheel that -- its -- did I did Christina ", "a call from. people that. This lovely girl from the  Gossip Girl . Maybe Leighton Meester who I do for months I hadn't seen  Gossip Girl  before and the a big show. I'd not to on that she's ", "get a call from. -- people that. This lovely girl from the Gossip Girl . Maybe Leighton Meester who I do for months -- I hadn't seen Gossip Girl before and the -- a big show. I'd -- not to -- -- on that she's great. And so I. Idea citizen ", "GMA now I'm Annie bishop Murphy. Now the hit CW show  Gossip Girl  has just unleashed a series of new racy ads for the fall actually I didn't even realize that my my kids have watch  Gossip Girl  but I assumed it was on. At least at 10 o'clock carton ", "to GMA now I'm Annie bishop Murphy. Now the hit CW show Gossip Girl has just unleashed a series of new -- racy ads for the fall season. And many are raising their eyebrows and asking ", "I actually I didn't even realize that my my kids have watch Gossip Girl but I assumed it was on. At least at 10 o'clock carton you're saying that in effect airs at eight. It does ", "following. We're talking about the daddies hit show  Gossip Girl . We're so thrilled to be joined by Starr at Westlake Well let me ask you this how has your life changed since  Gossip Girl  I I even walk down the street without being mobbed by ", "eight cult like following. We're talking about the -- daddies hit show Gossip Girl . We're so thrilled to be joined by Starr at Westlake who plays -- -- and thanks for joining us today residue. Now ", "Well let me ask you this how has your life changed since Gossip Girl I -- I -- even walk down the street without being mobbed by high school girls. Well it wouldn't -- -- -- ", 'Not even the writers of  Gossip Girl  could have come up with a story this crazy for Blair Waldorf. Leighton Meester who stars on that hit teen drama is in the middle ', 'Not even the writers of Gossip Girl could have come up with a story this crazy for Blair Waldorf. Leighton Meester who stars on that hit teen drama is ', "There but new fashion icon Serena Janet and Blair did you choose them. The characters and hit series  Gossip Girl  helped party's fights and affairs. But now a lot of women are tuning in more but clothes. Set up world Manhattan private school ", "Janet and Blair did you choose them. The characters and hit series Gossip Girl helped party's fights and -- affairs. But now a lot of women are tuning in more -- but clothes. Set up -- ", 'create. So my feeling the pain from  Gossip Girl  I get every edition of hello and If you look at our hit TV shows  Gossip Girl  vampire diaries the audiences majority Sisterhood of the traveling pants the  Gossip Girl  talker. So while we want to be ', "girl about -- titles they create. So my feeling the pain from Gossip Girl I get every edition of hello and OK there is I know what you did this summer. And him to the vampire diaries marks. -- To a long list of book titles that locked up eighteen slots on the New York Times children's best seller list last year. -- -- is the dominant creator of entertainment fourteen girls. I would say. Our businesses 7% plus. Girls. If you look at our hit TV shows Gossip Girl vampire diaries the audiences majority young women. If you look at our most successful book properties. Sisterhood of the traveling pants the -- Gossip Girl -- talker. So while we want to be bigger and we think there's a huge opportunity. To reach boys and young men ", 'things you -- break down and probably throw into an episode of Gossip Girl they see the story is everything here but it is a business and marketing opportunities and tie ins are heavily weighed as ', "Stars on the hit CW show  Gossip Girl  one my babies playing high society fashion things were happening from.  Gossip Girl  told the better as they say that's numbers is working and Mitchell  Gossip Girl . Very different I would act ", "Stars on the hit CW show Gossip Girl one -- my babies playing high society fashion designer Alan. It's called the missing person -- great to see you nice to be here a huge fan of the show I have to full disclosure here a -- -- I thought. If you're a supermodel isn't actors -- Europe that's you're taught me a small yeah and I and I just gave an integrity and big deals good for you fashion things were happening from. Gossip Girl told the better as they say that's what's happened so give us some behind the scenes scoop what's it like working -- ", "when you look at working with the numbers is working and Mitchell Gossip Girl . Very different I would -- act. -- Well I'm Libyans. And it's you know what the one story is going to be ", 'and we invested an investment to get it and the other showed. Gossip Girl lies you gotta get asked at a hectic and edit the activities that sector agency to get you know -- have to ', "moment but first. The latest from ABC's to repair. Actress Kellie never seen here back it work on the New York set of  Gossip Girl . Her first appearance since the heartbreaking custody ruling keeping her children 6000 miles away. On the show he ", 'never seen here back it work on the New York set of Gossip Girl . Her first appearance since the heartbreaking custody ruling keeping her children 6000 miles away. On the show he plays a posh and ', 'the carrie diaries," carrie back in high school in 1984. Crazy too that\'s getting some good buzz. Replace " gossip girl ." Which gets me to fashion, nice segue. "Elle" magazine\'s joe z, you are the man I rely on what not to wear ', 'high school in 1984. Crazy too that\'s getting some good buzz. Replace " gossip girl ." Which gets me to fashion, nice segue. "Elle" magazine\'s joe z, you are the man I rely on what not to wear. ', 'chateau in italy to a plantation in charleston, south carolina, ryan reynolds tied the knot with his second wife " gossip girl " blake lively. He just keeps getting another gorgeous girl after gorgeous girl. Well, hopefully this\'ll be the ', 'charleston, south carolina, ryan reynolds tied the knot with his second wife " gossip girl " blake lively. He just keeps getting another gorgeous girl after gorgeous girl. Well, hopefully this\'ll be the last gorgeous girl. I\'m pulling ', 'york-based shows didn\'t fair so well. "The daily show," and the colbert report" canceled taping. Shows like " gossip girl " and "666 park avenue" had to stop shooting altogether. There was too much water for the russell crowe biblical ', 'well. "The daily show," and the colbert report" canceled taping. Shows like " gossip girl " and "666 park avenue" had to stop shooting altogether. There was too much water for the russell crowe biblical drama, "noah." And ', 'she wore, what they served, and how they managed to do it. Take a look. It was the surprise wedding of 2012. " Gossip girl " star, blake lively, and hollywood heartthrob, ryan reynolds, tied the knot in a hush-hush ceremony sunday night ', 'do it. Take a look. It was the surprise wedding of 2012. " Gossip girl " star, blake lively, and hollywood heartthrob, ryan reynolds, tied the knot in a hush-hush ceremony sunday night. The 20-minute ceremony was described ', 'You\'re home early. Reporter: On the hit show " gossip girl ," kelly rutherford plays the matriarch, a man hhattan Meanwhile, rutherford has to stay here in new york, as " gossip girl " starts shooting this week. She has to keep working ', 'worst custody decisions ever. You\'re home early. Reporter: On the hit show " gossip girl ," kelly rutherford plays the matriarch, a man hhattan mom with serious style. Last month, a judge ruled her two, young kids, just ', 'in france. Meanwhile, rutherford has to stay here in new york, as " gossip girl " starts shooting this week. She has to keep working to pay her legal bills to keep fighting to bring her children back. ', 'fair way to look at this case. One of the things that was talked about in this case is how her job is now changing. " Gossip girl " is ending. She may have uncertainty in her life to travel. Judge disregarded it. If it was a man, might have been ', 'talked about in this case is how her job is now changing. " Gossip girl " is ending. She may have uncertainty in her life to travel. Judge disregarded it. If it was a man, might have been ']