['Mama June says that the 7-year-old reality star is too busy with other projects to compete.', 'brand-new book call ed "how to be  honey boo boo ." New season starts soon but first with mama june and the rest of these  honey boo boo  clan in season two, the self-proclaimed mama june. It\'s called "how to be  honey boo boo " is the book. Yes. When I ask you ', 'their family to have a brand-new book call ed "how to be honey boo boo ." New season starts soon but first take a look. Everybody start your engines. Go, mama, go. Reporter: That subtitled 7-year-old. I love pro wrestling so much because that\'s all my family does, wrestling and dog piles. Reporter: Along with mama june and the rest of these honey boo boo clan in season two, the self-proclaimed rednecked family takes on new adventures. Go! Go-karting and pro wrestling. Being backstage is awesome. Cause ', 'amazing. We\'re joined now by mama june. It\'s called "how to be honey boo boo " is the book. Yes. When I ask you about it in a minute, you went to the nation\'s capital and you visited ', 'fault. The book, the "the complete guide on how to redneckognize the honey boo boo in you." Why did you want to write it? The fans have been asking for a long time for a book, posters ', 'Heaven help us.  Here comes honey boo boo . You could tell crown, but her,  alana thompson , discovered on the made it up herself.  Honey boo boo  child. She is the passes gas) MAMA! " Here comes honey boo boo ." The show is a ', 'we kept up with the kardashians. And this year... Heaven help us. Here comes honey boo boo . You could tell at the 2012 georgia\'s most beautiful girl pageant who was going to be a star. Not the one who got the crown, but her, alana thompson , discovered on the show "toddlers & tiaras." You may know her by another name. She made it up herself. Honey boo boo child. She is the star of the most talked-about reality show in the country... (June passes gas) MAMA! " Here comes honey boo boo ." The show is a close-up look at the daily life of her family... I gotta blow my nose. (blows nose loudly) Where the cameras never-- and I meannever-- stop rolling. (sneezes) CAN WE-- (sneezes) CAN WE-- (sneezes) CAN WE C-- (sneezes) (laughs) HONEY BOO BOO LIVES in McIntyre, georgia... (whistle blows) NEXT TO THE TRAIN TRACKS. Yes, we are rednecks. That\'s her mother june. We got too ', "beauty queen and her family. Returns Sunday night with a special episode. And a newly blonde June 6 body turns out boo momma  June Shannon  isn't just sexy. She's also shrewd at the Georgia matriarch telling TMZ. The reported 20000 dollars for each episode ", "blonde -- June 6 -- -- body turns out boo -- momma June Shannon isn't just sexy. She's also shrewd at the Georgia matriarch telling TMZ. The reported 20000 dollars -- -- -- for each episode ", "Mosaic artist Jason was scared and They weren't unhappy with the child who are here. This is our is made from 25 pounds of Trout. Recycling and objects inspired by  honey boo boo  and took over fifty hours to For more information go to FaceBook dot com. Last Jason is there.", 'is made from 25 pounds of Trout. Recycling and objects inspired by honey boo boo and took over fifty hours to -- -- -- ', 'Paula faris has the story. Reporter: Is it the big day,  honey boo boo  style? Mama june and her long-time love dressed up in redneck-ogni strks e the details. It was a family affair.  Honey boo boo  was there her pageantry dress. It was a finger-licking ', 'married? Paula faris has the story. Reporter: Is it the big day, honey boo boo style? Mama june and her long-time love dressed up in sunday in their camouflage finest for what may or may not have ', "able to redneck-ogni strks e the details. It was a family affair. Honey boo boo was there her pageantry dress. It was a finger-licking good time. Reporter: The town speculating over the possible nuptia nuptials. I'm so ", 'back, I believe them. And making good family decisions. You can see " here comes honey boo - boo " on tlc. Coming up, one of the stars of "pretty little liars" is here with the inside scoop on the b ', 'up reality tv. Ratings sky-high.  Honey boo boo . Duck dynasty. You know the shows Oh, and sometimes, it feels like  honey boo boo  is on 24 hours a day. Or we wish she two brought in 3. Million viewers.  Honey boo boo  gets 2.4 million viewers a pop. And ', 'redneck revolution. Oh, yeah. It is blowing up reality tv. Ratings sky-high. Honey boo boo . Duck dynasty. You know the shows. You know you do. But what about these shows has the country fixated? Ryan owens has ', "rocket city rednecks. To swamp people. Oh, and sometimes, it feels like honey boo boo is on 24 hours a day. Or we wish she was. You better -- Reporter: It's no surprise the larger-than-life characters are ", '"duck dynasty." The premiere of season two brought in 3. Million viewers. Honey boo boo gets 2.4 million viewers a pop. And the history channel\'s "swamp people," averaged 4.2 million for its third season. These numbers are ', "gone but you can really have a little bit of the Christmas magic this weekend. Everyone's favorite child beauty queen  honey boo boo  is back for the Christmas special. We have a sneak peek. The united I think Yeah. I Yeah that's right yeah. good and ", "bit of the Christmas magic this weekend. Everyone's favorite child beauty queen honey boo boo is back for the Christmas special. We have a sneak peek. The united I think -- Yeah. I -- -- -- Yeah ", 'The actor and his "Seven Psychopaths" co-star Sam Rockwell read lines from the hit TV show.', 'fight. Reporter: In tlc\'s hit reality show, " here comes honey boo boo ," they\'re famous for sketti. And go-go juice. But  honey boo boo \'s momma june has lost 100 pounds. Take a look ', 'clothes no longer fit. Food fight. Reporter: In tlc\'s hit reality show, " here comes honey boo boo ," they\'re famous for sketti. And go-go juice. But honey boo boo\'s momma june has lost 100 pounds. Take a look. Momma june in 2011, at 365 pounds. And momma june now. She tells ', 'Josh Elliott, Lara Spencer and Amy Robach on the BCS Championship, Turkish karaoke and  Honey Boo Boo .', '"Gangnam Style," "Fifty Shades of Grey," "Call Me Maybe" and  Honey Boo Boo  anyone?', 'anderson cooper was there. Madonna was there. It was dee jade by none other, d.J. Kiss. Mama june was nominated for  honey boo - boo . A lot of people were there. It was a special night. While we were at the glaad awards, stacy keibler and george clooney ', 'dee jade by none other, d.J. Kiss. Mama june was nominated for honey boo - boo . A lot of people were there. It was a special night. While we were at the glaad awards, stacy keibler and george ', 'teaching us about go-go juice,  honey boo boo  shows us how to be avoid being interviewed. If you\'re  honey boo boo , you just fall asleep. Is it to promote the new season of " here comes honey boo boo ." But you can\'t fool us ', 'a dollar to read this next one. Yes. Another important lesson from honey boo boo this morning. Stephanopoulos. Everyone\'s giving me a dollar. Thank you. We\'re all in. Thank you. One more time for it? You got $2 out of that one. Finally this morning, another important lesson from honey boo boo . Thank you. There\'s sarcasm in that voice. After teaching us about go-go juice, honey boo boo shows us how to be avoid being interviewed. If you\'re honey boo boo , you just fall asleep. Is it difficult to be on tv? She\'s sleeping. She fell asleep during an interview with dr. Drew earlier this week. She was on to promote the new season of " here comes honey boo boo ." But you can\'t fool us, little one. She was trying to avoid the hard-hitting questions. And by the way, I want you ', "pounds of bacon to be exact Kevin Bacon isn't the only. Part of states the only vision he's also crafted a poster of  honey boo boo  trash better. The alternative. Levy parents it has been and they really out of trash. Can seem sweet little girl in my ", "of states -- the only vision he's also crafted a poster of honey boo boo trash -- better. The alternative. Levy parents it has been and they -- -- really out of trash. Can seem sweet little ", 'letting loose southern style. Think "jersey shore." Meets " honey boo boo ." After the shore house crew leaves the air in two weeks character. There\'s no question about it. Reporter: From " honey boo boo " from "toddler & tiaras." To "swamp people," "buck ', 'a group of friends letting loose southern style. Think "jersey shore." Meets " honey boo boo ." After the shore house crew leaves the air in two weeks, they\'ll be replaced by the gang on "buck wild." Instead of ', 'of the southern crazy character. There\'s no question about it. Reporter: From " honey boo boo " from "toddler & tiaras." To "swamp people," "buck wild" is the latest of country-fried shows of wild life below the mason dixon. ', "entertain a lot of my friends like the show now an upcoming episode of South Park and that study shows going to. Taking aim at  honey boo boo . Take And I how do Car alarms Veronica. Do you wish she's cute it's gonna air Wednesday. But Wednesday at 10 o'clock ", "of South Park and that study shows going to. Taking aim at honey boo boo . Take -- -- -- And I -- how do -- Car alarms Veronica. Do you wish she's cute it's gonna air Wednesday. ", "Yesterday, romney went to his grandson's soccer game. This week, he and wife ann appeared on live with kelly and michael.  Honey boo boo  or snooki? I'm kind of a snooki fan. By the way, ann squeezes the tooth paste from the top. Mitt from the bottom ", "week, he and wife ann appeared on live with kelly and michael. Honey boo boo or snooki? I'm kind of a snooki fan. By the way, ann squeezes the tooth paste from the top. Mitt from the "]