['I\'m like a very thick panther. But -- it\'s true. Between takes, I\'m literally asking him everything about " happy days ." About fonz. Dancing william. What\'s bobby doing now? He was the greatest. Great movie. It\'s terrific. It ', 'But -- it\'s true. Between takes, I\'m literally asking him everything about " happy days ." About fonz. Dancing william. What\'s bobby doing now? He was the greatest. Great movie. It\'s terrific. It will take its place in ', 'sexual. Howard cunningham on " happy days ." A 1970s VERSION OF A 1950s DAD, Played by  tom bosley . Sex is something a son should taylor, played by, guess who?  Ron howard . This was a single-parent relationship ', "Killed that bird, didn't you? Reporter: Opie taylor, played by, guess who? Ron howard . This was a single-parent relationship, driven by love and respect. Going to give me a whipping? That's one of the reasons why ", "Ron Howard  you know famous film director and actor He supports Barack Obama he's trying to figure out. How can I get the message out there ", "Ron Howard you know famous film director and actor He supports Barack Obama he's trying to figure out. How can I get the message ", "birthday and fell eleven things.  Happy days  of the kind of late fifties fantasy and that he didn't put high.  Marion Ross  was also a divorced mother know Has seen in these tactics from the  happy days  didn't panic. Now he jumped a ", "and that's all and that he didn't put high. -- -- -- Marion Ross was also a divorced mother know who -- and sometimes. The packaging. Has seen in these tactics from the happy days didn't panic. Now he jumped a few decades. And -- the dysfunctional world everybody loves men. -- you can -- my mother. ", "television shows it's hard to keep track what from  happy days  to married with children to the west wing of the Love Boat.  Ted McGinley  tech at yeah. He's going to be with one of our new ", "many television shows it's hard to keep track what -- -- from happy days to married with children to the west wing of the Love Boat. Ted McGinley tech at -- yeah. He's going to be with -- one of our new ventures. Newcomer kind of prayer is occurring US ", "there you are with  Ron Howard . Again and I believed if you go back to  happy days  well okay now  happy days  the karate master corona master and  happy days  but in fact. On the somebody anybody to fill  Ron Howard 's shoes so I I actually ", "about the movie a little bit because and there you are with Ron Howard . Again and I believed that too if you go back to happy days well okay now happy days -- the karate master out. Yes no I was -- corona master and happy days but in fact. On the Paramount lot. That was that was a big year because Ron had left the show the year before. They were casting about for somebody anybody to fill Ron Howard's shoes so I I actually kicked. I did -- food. We've Ponzi and kicked him through Arnold's stained glass windows. At that ", "there are also plenty of votes for May Barry's favorite son OP on the Andy Griffith Show and later Cunningham on  happy days .  Ron Howard  would get my vote hands down he has gone on to a great career in television and motion pictures. Please keep ", 'son OP on the Andy Griffith Show and later -- Cunningham on happy days . Ron Howard would get my vote hands down he has gone on to a great career in television and motion pictures. Please keep your ']