['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', "talking about the winners of the night. Kevin costner,  claire danes , jon stewart, and actually, a woman under one of the better cool share. It is a cool share. And the emmy goes to --  claire danes . How are you feeling? Okay. I'm feel be that there is ", 'our right there, talking about the winners of the night. Kevin costner, claire danes , jon stewart, and actually, a woman under one of the better acceptance speeches in recent memory. Julia louis-dreyfus. Take a look. How ', "share. It is a cool share. And the emmy goes to -- claire danes . How are you feeling? Okay. I'm feel be that there is a human being inside of me. Yes. How is that award ", 'showtime\'s hit thriller " homeland ." A high-stakes new york. You have " homeland " and so many other talking about the " homeland " story. Bombmaker successful is because of  claire danes  and damian lewis. Somebody howard and alex. " Homeland " premieres in september ', 'about it. We like to debate world events. Than talking about the " homeland " story. Bombmaker told me an american prisoner of war had been turned. The reason it\'s been successful is because of claire danes and damian lewis. Somebody actually came up with that language. I think those actors are so engaging and so committed, they\'re hard ', 'an audition tomorrow at 5:00 in santa monica. I went to every one of them. Reporter: And another winner, a pregnant  claire danes  nabbing the honors for lead female. My husband, my love, my life, my baby daddy. Reporter: While the male star used ', 'went to every one of them. Reporter: And another winner, a pregnant claire danes nabbing the honors for lead female. My husband, my love, my life, my baby daddy. Reporter: While the male star used his ', 'for best actress is in. And  homeland  and  homeland  Sophia for our. Washington surprise I think people felt like  homeland  was was that showed to be even performances by Damian Lewis and  Claire Danes  were so strong and people were ', 'comedy easy Claire -- -- -- for best actress is in. And homeland -- and homeland Sophia for our. Washington -- Julianne Moore. But did not mention Julie Bowen one best supporting actress for modern family. Any -- big surprises you think. Any big surprises. You know I think I Sophia currently right smoking hot I think than a surprise I think people felt like homeland was was that showed to be even though you -- -- breaking bad had done so well -- that it was sort of their time. That the performances by Damian Lewis and Claire Danes were so strong and people were so hooked into the show that and their shares and yelling at the hot color as ', 'last night Tommy Lee Jones for and a away for late may. That they had for ensemble drama down at Downton Abbey  Claire Danes  for  homeland  Bryan Cranston for breaking bad so on and so forth and Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln no shocker there are so ', 'late may. That they had for ensemble drama down at Downton Abbey Claire Danes for homeland Bryan Cranston for breaking bad so on and so forth and Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln no shocker there are so good. Learning ', "Monica rebels would be  homeland  chancellor to get favorite show I love  homeland  now. River  homeland  put all the political not only is Obama.  Homeland  defense. I can tell yeah we're pretty.  Claire Danes  I fell in love with ", "if he's Republican or Democrat independent. You might help yeah we're pretty. Claire Danes I fell in love with with homeland when I left the White House I was watching five episodes in a row went on -- withdrawal -- -- -- up ", 'skyfall. We saw you give daniel craig a high five. He\'s so nice. Reporter: And jessica chase tan and " homeland \'s"  claire danes . How wias it? It was amazing. Reporter: Including hbo\'s show that took home vel bigs comedy and was the ', 'a high five. He\'s so nice. Reporter: And jessica chase tan and " homeland\'s " claire danes How wias it? It was amazing. Reporter: Including hbo\'s show that took home vel bigs comedy and was the life of the ', 'Downton abbey. Game of thrones.  Homeland . And mad men. Finally. The law. Glenn close, damages.  Claire danes ,  homeland . Michelle dockery, downton abbey mad men. And damien lewis,  homeland . For outstanding miniseries or ', "category are -- boardwalk empire. Breaking bad. Downton abbey. Game of thrones. Homeland And mad men. Finally. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are -- kathy bates, harry's law. Glenn close, damages. Claire danes , homeland . Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies, the good wife. And elizabeth moss, mad men. For lead actor in a drama series, the ", 'this street format and very interesting how to best actress and a drama so. Do you think  Claire Danes  have this on locked well she has all the bars for  homeland  that show came barreling out of the And declared and says she just sort of seems to have ', 'interesting how to best actress and a drama so. Do you think Claire Danes have this on locked well she has all the bars for homeland that show came barreling out of the -- And declared and says she just sort of seems to have -- all he ']