["Valerie Bertinelli  Prepares Her Turkey Meatball Soup, Dishes on New Season of 'Hot in Cleveland'", "in the new season. Of the award winning hit sitcom  hot in Cleveland  starts tomorrow night and today we're going to be clip for people completely want to see it this is.  Betty white 's character is on the lamb with her husband. ring ", "on GMA in the new season. Of the award winning hit sitcom hot in Cleveland starts tomorrow night and today we're going to be cooking with Valerie ends well but. We always have so much we wanted to talk to about you think. Enough time ever a time I the third season as an -- I hate that this season finale last year it was so hysterical you guys have a little. Too much to drink -- mountain but little a couple of quick clip for people completely -- want to see it this is. Betty white's character is on the lamb with her husband. -- ring Don Rickles yes -- well. -- -- Oh we were searching -- ", "about this and all morning long  Betty White  what you gonna do I absolutely work on her most recent. Sitcom  hot in Cleveland . If you must know. started a can't. Gravitational wave. Ms.  Betty White  Arum on eBay the bidding is starting ", "been talking a million -- includes about this and all morning long Betty White what you gonna do -- -- I absolutely hope you know. She's -- Larry -- take a listen to some of her work on her most recent. Sitcom hot in Cleveland . If you must know. -- started a business. -- dating service for seniors very. Sure -- -- clean thing. -- Grandmother I ", "been around lots of -- okay see you can't. Gravitational wave. Ms. Betty White Arum on eBay the bidding is starting at 15100 dollars it'll include two round trip tickets to LA get the tickets to ", 'smells with  valerie bertinelli . She is as busy as ever with " hot in cleveland ." And now, this cookbook, "one dish at a time." Tell me about " hot in cleveland ." We\'re having so much fun ', 'smells with valerie bertinelli . She is as busy as ever with " hot in cleveland ." And now, this cookbook, "one dish at a time." Tell me about " hot in cleveland ." We\'re having so much fun. We\'ve shot about six shows so far. We have a lot of fun. It seems like you ', "The star who is of course in the hit  hot in Cleveland  has now put together a cookbook it's called one dish at a time playing off the name of that classic sitcom. That made her famous ", "The star who is of course in the hit -- hot in Cleveland has now put together a cookbook it's called one dish at a time playing off the name of that classic sitcom. That ", 'And we love  Betty White  stars at the feisty TV land hit sitcom  hot in Cleveland . Already the third all the episodes of  hot in Cleveland  all have a fantastic little bit of a clip  hot in Cleveland  to give people an idea ', "And we love Betty White -- stars at the feisty out got in the TV land hit sitcom hot in Cleveland . Already the third season -- is -- win tonight and she's here to tell us all about that and other hot things going on in your. Hot life. Well but it's a hot or I -- we -- -- that -- of for the last week I am he's been all you have a sizzling hot -- loans there was a marathon on over the weekend of all the episodes of -- hot in Cleveland all have a fantastic time with one another weeks Adori. We both girls are so marvelous to work with. And they're all ", 'since Mary Tyler Moore went off the air in 1977. But not in Minneapolis appear in an episode of  Betty White  show  hot in Cleveland  remember  Betty White  place And this comes on the heels Valerie Harper who played Rhoda announcing recently that she ', 'in 1977. But not in Minneapolis -- appear in an episode of Betty White show hot in Cleveland remember Betty White place -- -- And this comes on the heels -- Valerie Harper who played Rhoda announcing recently that she has incurable brain ', 'longtime love now her hit TV show  hot in Cleveland  is back tonight for its second see here rights as the season  hot in Cleveland . Listen there are things we you know in this premiere of  hot in Cleveland  airs tonight. On TV land that ', "Year's Day. -- married her longtime love now her hit TV show hot in Cleveland is back tonight for its second season premiere -- element is welcome. -- but they don't do. Okay. There's no plus I ", 'And you all came to see here rights as the season -- hot in Cleveland . Listen there are -- things we can do to raise money OK we could have. It or we could have a state ', 'want to hear. But keeping violent you know in this premiere of hot in Cleveland airs tonight. On TV land that once it -- sitcom on cable went right. ', "everyone is telling him where to go including shockingly  Betty White  it. You girls he's the best basketball on the planet your will. That was shot on the set of the new show  hot in Cleveland  you probably heard and the good news is this show is ", "And of course everyone is telling him where to go including shockingly Betty White it. You girls he's the best basketball -- on the planet. The -- pleas today. A make it -- your will. -- -- -- -- That was shot on the set of the new show hot in Cleveland you probably heard and the good news is this show is being picked up. For a second season less than one month ", 'new season of the hit comedy, " hot in cleveland " premieres on wednesday. And asked to play bill, boyfriend of  jane leeves  character, joy, I jumped at And the season premiere of " hot in cleveland " is this wednesday night on tv ', "feels right. Reporter: When I was asked to play bill, boyfriend of jane leeves character, joy, I jumped at the chance. My character is a word-shortener -- a little bit annoying. But he's gorgeous. We can ", 'of betty\'s show " hot in cleveland ." They could turn cloris leechman,  betty white  and georgia engel were film an episode of " hot in cleveland " and to reminisce the cast members of " hot in cleveland ." When I was young ', 'fierce five played by actresses mary tyler moore, valerie harper, cloris leechman, betty white and georgia engel were together again to film an episode of " hot in cleveland " and to reminisce. Can I just say truly sincerely i am so thrilled and honored to be with all of you ladies. ', "hundred to does. Going to five blocks a day the giant panda bear ice machine is in overdrive. Next up  Betty White  isn't just  hot in Cleveland  people she's hot everywhere. Not only had the beloved comedian been voted. America's favorite and ", "the giant panda bear ice machine is in overdrive. Next up -- Betty White isn't just hot in Cleveland people she's hot everywhere. Not only had the beloved comedian been voted. America's favorite and most trusted celebrity. She is now being ", "all around booster.  Betty White  is hereby designated she's got that signature  Betty White  devilish twinkle. I'm first scripted comedy  hot in Cleveland . He went on the set week during rehearsal.  Betty White  is having anything but ", "no matter that she's -- in the business for nearly sixty years Betty White is experiencing her own personal Renaissance fueled -- and who could be her grandchildren. But comedy -- timeless and -- gets the ", "don't ever Wear -- -- factory. -- -- -- -- -- did Betty White really never go anywhere. I've been working -- for 63 years He felt like I did but everybody's has always such a Renaissance. Maybe I want to win didn't know -- the -- Yeah so at the tender age of 88 and a half. Betty White has suddenly become Hollywood's newest it girl. But it turns out if you're on the town -- Betty White the only wildlife you'll be seeing this year. At the Los Angeles zoo Kelly's got his back to his pretty looks like He has his -- to -- She's worked with the LA zoo for four decades. As a trustee and fund raiser and all around booster. Betty White is hereby designated ambassador to the animals and she's loved animals all her life. Do you feel like if you weren't after. ", "later with another -- Even off the -- she's got that signature Betty White devilish twinkle. I'm thing here breeding them and. A twinkle Americans have been in love with for a very long time -- ", 'This is seeing year  Betty White  found collapsed. This year  Betty White  seemed to be everywhere On FaceBook on sitcom  hot in Cleveland . This what us in the Finish the sentence  Betty White  is. Overexposed. Kay ', 'a lot of space many would love her. This is seeing year Betty White found collapsed. This year -- Betty White seemed to be everywhere. In the mud. On FaceBook on -- sitcom hot in Cleveland . This -- what -- us in the movies -- if we can find your -- -- like an Easter. Being interviewed by ', "that's not how that he went -- -- Finish the sentence -- Betty White is. Overexposed. -- -- Kay -- described this past year. It's been a bear it. You think it's pretty -- It's been ", "the biggest clean. -- knows she's 17 in the news. Betty like Betty white's Betty White -- life Betty -- Betty White Betty White besides. The great passion has been numbers he's on dozens of pet of the abuse created her own celebrity pet talk show ", "I live here with  Betty White  she is back everywhere do. And you and me.  Betty White  may be 88 and a half decades of making us laugh  Betty white 's career isn't just show out it's called  hot in Cleveland . After six Emmys what ", '-- I -- live here with Betty White she is back everywhere you turn. I mean what may be the best year of -- already brilliant sixteen year career 63 ', "I'll never be -- nobody wanted to do. And you and me. Betty White may be 88 and a half but her comic timing is timeless she didn't kind of depressed lately all flowers -- what Harry Reid. Didn't that didn't mind -- -- you. What -- -- know about raising babies. On the book and all kids are born pond. And after decades of making us laugh Betty white's career isn't just golden it's white high. From the scene stealing turn in the proposal there in there somewhere who. Parents you'd ", "you live TV land you want to know what you think about Betty White and what she should do next. It's -- good abcnews.com slash GMA and weigh in on our shout out board. ", "waiting their time is finally here  Betty white 's set to host this Saturday's Saturday will be there as you heard SNL hosting  Betty White  will do the hosting honors this Saturday June you'll appear on TV plans new  hot in Cleveland .", "an online campaign and months of waiting their time is finally here Betty white's set to host this Saturday's Saturday Night Live this will be the first time for hosting. Of the shell of the 88 ", "fun. Of course -- will be there as you heard SNL hosting Betty White will do the hosting honors this Saturday 1130. And -- when that silverlight is not stopping anytime soon she'll be appearing on the season finale of ABC's good middle on May nineteenth. And then in June -- you'll appear on TV plans new -- hot in Cleveland . ", "offered and I got. And here's another one. Does  Betty White  like a sailor in real life. No. I read it will it Generally and a parent can't carry just presenting  hot in Cleveland  and Wednesday night that is kind of.", "up by -- offered and I got. And here's another one. Does Betty White -- like a sailor in real life. No. I read it will it mean yeah what the hill I got one. I ", "only from the Iran.  Betty White  as you guys know warm friends the stars a  hot in Cleveland  just. Turn up those available to really quickly  Betty White . This it looks phenomenal what's your naughty  Betty White  sort of snack because ", "it's a little warm in the studio not only from the Iran. Betty White as you guys know warm things up when she visited us on Monday and now look at these three beautiful ladies my friends the stars a hot in Cleveland just. Turn up those flames dollar Bernal AJ leaves and Wendy -- play three LA transplants like myself. Who are now living ", "have to keep showing up in Nanking. Yourself available to really quickly Betty White . This it looks phenomenal -- 89 years old an engine that -- readily retaliating on you know instead I had an estranged second I -- Love you but she's made it made no bones about the fact that she you know she doesn't eat perfectly. From Hotmail and Kurdish hot dogs French Fries and it it could and I -- and why I don't. So that He can tell our viewers always have to -- you got this quiz but I wanted to hear one thing what's your naughty Betty White sort of snack because you all look phenomenal time. I'm at when I turn eighty that's an honest I didn't like that ", 'time you were here, you wanted to be on " hot in cleveland ." Yes. You have another goal. If you it until you make it. And I got to do " hot in cleveland ." What an experience.  Betty white  is my hero. You are for us. So good to ', 'That\'s right. Last time you were here, you wanted to be on " hot in cleveland ." Yes. You have another goal. If you speak it, it seemed to happen for you, cybill? We have to fake it until you make it. And I got to do " hot in cleveland ." What an experience. Betty white is my hero. You are for us. So good to see you. Always wonderful. You\'re such an inspiration. We\'ve been watching and ', "couple of years ago advocates celebrate yet well. Love  hot in Cleveland  yeah they're wrapping up another season of that right seasons and it's it's a great ensemble including  Betty White  all the all the ladies on it. And when you do this ", "10:15 o'clock a couple of years ago advocates celebrate yet well. Love hot in Cleveland yeah they're wrapping up another season of that right I have -- start my goodness our fourth season we start back in August. This that this that this the end of our third season they've got really two really great shows coming up tonight and next Wednesday well as -- said the that avid a -- for all the seasons and it's it's a great ensemble including Betty White all the all the ladies on it. And when you do this special show we have -- outtakes. I'm really having much "]