['last year\'s winner, " Homeland ." "Mad Men," which last Newsroom" and Damian Lewis of " Homeland ," last year\'s winner Washington of "Scandal."  Claire Danes , last year\'s winner for " Homeland ," got a nod. Besides Bateman ', 'Thrones," HBO; " Homeland ," Showtime; "House Damian Lewis, " Homeland ," Showtime; Kevin Downton Abbey," PBS;  Claire Danes , " Homeland ," Showtime; Robin Mandy Patinkin, " Homeland ," Showtime. Supporting ', 'Bad Dowton Abbey Game of Thrones  Homeland  House of Cards Mad Men Outstanding Series Connie Britton, Nashville  Claire Danes ,  Homeland  Michelle Dockery, Downton Abbey Hamm, Mad Men Damian Lewis,  Homeland  Kevin Spacey, House of Cards ', 'Television Arts and Sciences. The nominees announced Thursday morning are: Connie Britton, "Nashville";  Claire Danes , " Homeland "; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Vera Farmiga, "Bates Motel"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men"; Kerry ', 'Nominees: "Breaking Bad," " Homeland ," "Mad Men," "Game of Thrones Actress, Drama Predicted Nominees  Claire Danes , " Homeland "; Julianna Margulies, "The have a chance at scoring a nod.  Claire Danes , who won this category last ', 'Claire Danes  Under Pressure: "I Was Really, Really Struggling" The 34-year-old years before she landed the role of Carrie Mathison on Showtime\'s " Homeland ." "I was stuck," Danes said in the August 2013 issue of Vogue ', 'Claire Danes , interior designer? The " Homeland " actress says she considered a change of careers when she leave acting. She landed the role of Carrie Mathison on " Homeland ," and it has earned her an Emmy and two Golden Globes.', 'WE\'RE WATCHING MAKING \' HOMELAND \': CREATORS OF HIT TV SHOW the hit Showtime series " Homeland " say they feel a responsibility Carrie Mathison, played by  Claire Danes , as she tracks a Marine Sergeant interview with the creators of  Homeland , including some hints about ', 'Soprano, there is no Walter White." Nicholas Brody, " Homeland " A POW turned terrorist turned, well, who knows inclincations at times, he\'s able to win the heart of  Claire Danes \' CIA operative Carrie Mathieson -- and Showtime viewers ', 'interview for "This Week," \' Homeland \' co-creator Howard Gordon irresponsible idea." Gordon said. " Homeland " in its first season revolved around a CIA agent, played by  Claire Danes , who becomes entangled with Alex Gansa, who co-created  Homeland  with Gordon, also spoke to ', 'marine-turned-terrorist Nicholas Brody, on the hit Showtime series "  Homeland  ." Baccarin\'s baby won\'t be the first on the set Her co-star and former grade-school classmate,  Claire Danes  gave birth to a son last December.', 'them as we watch, alone. As always. Angela Chase ( Claire Danes ) and Jordan Catalano (Jared Leto), My So-Called coupley" way. So here\'s an idea: Have Leto join  Homeland  as Carrie\'s emo rockstar brother . Who developed gout ', "Screen Actors Guild Awards 2013: 'Argo,' 'Lincoln,' 'Les Mis' and 'Silver Linings' Win Big", 'cast: "Modern Family" Actor in a drama series: Bryan Cranston, "Breaking Bad" Actress in a drama series:  Claire Danes , " Homeland " Ensemble, drama: "Downton Abbey" Stunt ensemble: "Game of Thrones" Life Achievement: Dick Van Dyke ', 'Jon Hamm mad men Damione Lewis  homeland . And Kevin Spacey house of cards are. Connie Britton Nashville.  Claire Danes homeland . Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey bad. Doubt now Game thrown us.  Homeland . House of cards. And mad men ', 'think Jeff Daniels the newsroom. Jon Hamm mad men -- Damione Lewis homeland And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Connie Britton Nashville. Claire Danes homeland . Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey. -- -- -- -- -- -- Elisabeth Moss mad men. -- Washington scandal. And Robin -- house of ', "talking about the winners of the night. Kevin costner,  claire danes , jon stewart, and actually, a woman under one of the better cool share. It is a cool share. And the emmy goes to --  claire danes . How are you feeling? Okay. I'm feel be that there is ", 'our right there, talking about the winners of the night. Kevin costner, claire danes , jon stewart, and actually, a woman under one of the better acceptance speeches in recent memory. Julia louis-dreyfus. Take a look. How ', "share. It is a cool share. And the emmy goes to -- claire danes . How are you feeling? Okay. I'm feel be that there is a human being inside of me. Yes. How is that award ", 'showtime\'s hit thriller " homeland ." A high-stakes new york. You have " homeland " and so many other talking about the " homeland " story. Bombmaker successful is because of  claire danes  and damian lewis. Somebody howard and alex. " Homeland " premieres in september ', 'about it. We like to debate world events. Than talking about the " homeland " story. Bombmaker told me an american prisoner of war had been turned. The reason it\'s been successful is because of claire danes and damian lewis. Somebody actually came up with that language. I think those actors are so engaging and so committed, they\'re hard ', 'an audition tomorrow at 5:00 in santa monica. I went to every one of them. Reporter: And another winner, a pregnant  claire danes  nabbing the honors for lead female. My husband, my love, my life, my baby daddy. Reporter: While the male star used ', 'went to every one of them. Reporter: And another winner, a pregnant claire danes nabbing the honors for lead female. My husband, my love, my life, my baby daddy. Reporter: While the male star used his ', 'for best actress is in. And  homeland  and  homeland  Sophia for our. Washington surprise I think people felt like  homeland  was was that showed to be even performances by Damian Lewis and  Claire Danes  were so strong and people were ', 'comedy easy Claire -- -- -- for best actress is in. And homeland -- and homeland Sophia for our. Washington -- Julianne Moore. But did not mention Julie Bowen one best supporting actress for modern family. Any -- big surprises you think. Any big surprises. You know I think I Sophia currently right smoking hot I think than a surprise I think people felt like homeland was was that showed to be even though you -- -- breaking bad had done so well -- that it was sort of their time. That the performances by Damian Lewis and Claire Danes were so strong and people were so hooked into the show that and their shares and yelling at the hot color as ', 'last night Tommy Lee Jones for and a away for late may. That they had for ensemble drama down at Downton Abbey  Claire Danes  for  homeland  Bryan Cranston for breaking bad so on and so forth and Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln no shocker there are so ', 'late may. That they had for ensemble drama down at Downton Abbey Claire Danes for homeland Bryan Cranston for breaking bad so on and so forth and Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln no shocker there are so good. Learning ']