['Comedian Ruth Buzzi is 77. Actor Mark Goddard (" Lost In Space ") is 77. Actor Chris Sarandon is 71. Comedian Gallagher Brown is 48. Actress Illeana Douglas is 48. Actor  Matt LeBlanc  ("Joey," \'\'Friends") is 46. Cellist Paavo Lotjonen ', 'became a biographer of Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson.  Bob May  , 69 -- Actor. Played the robot in " Lost in Space ." Kay Yow , 66 -- Hall of Fame basketball coach ', 'from Leave It to Beaver, Beverly Garland from My Three Sons, Shirley Jones from Partridge Family and  June Lockhart  on Lassie and  Lost in Space . Here are some of the recipes (courtesy of the American Egg Board) that the TV moms prepared on Good ', 'given. Graham has a string of past boyfriends that includes James Woods, Kyle MacLachlan, and director  Stephen Hopkins  ( Lost in Space ). Before meeting Ledger, she was most recently involved with actor and filmmaker Ed Burns (who has quite ', 'given. Graham has a string of past boyfriends that includes James Woods, Kyle MacLachlan, and director  Stephen Hopkins  ( Lost in Space ). Before meeting Ledger, she was most recently involved with actor and filmmaker Ed Burns (who has quite ', 'given. Graham has a string of past boyfriends that includes James Woods, Kyle MacLachlan, and director  Stephen Hopkins  ( Lost in Space ). Before meeting Ledger, she was most recently involved with actor and filmmaker Ed Burns (who has quite ', 'given. Graham has a string of past boyfriends that includes James Woods, Kyle MacLachlan, and director  Stephen Hopkins  ( Lost in Space ). Before meeting Ledger, she was most recently involved with actor and filmmaker Ed Burns (who has quite ', 'given. Graham has a string of past boyfriends that includes James Woods, Kyle MacLachlan, and director  Stephen Hopkins  ( Lost in Space ). Before meeting Ledger, she was most recently involved with actor and filmmaker Ed Burns (who has quite ', 'given. Graham has a string of past boyfriends that includes James Woods, Kyle MacLachlan, and director  Stephen Hopkins  ( Lost in Space ). Before meeting Ledger, she was most recently involved with actor and filmmaker Ed Burns (who has quite ', 'given. Graham has a string of past boyfriends that includes James Woods, Kyle MacLachlan, and director  Stephen Hopkins  ( Lost in Space ). Before meeting Ledger, she was most recently involved with actor and filmmaker Ed Burns (who has quite ']