['devil right here. We should call him Tango, because you rocked the tango, let\'s be honest." RELATED: Who Did  Louis Van Amstel  Pick to Win the Mirror Ball Trophy? But Pickler wasn\'t the only dancer going home with something to commemorate ', 'she did," he said jokingly of his pro partner Karina Smirnoff, who was standing next to him. RELATED: Who Did  Louis Van Amstel  Pick to Win the Mirror Ball Trophy? The season premiered on March 19 with 12 celebrity contestants vying for the ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 10: Louis Van Amstel  Blogs on Final Week", '" Dancing With the Stars " pro  Louis van Amstel  blogs on season 16 of "DWTS." The three-time world You can find him on Twitter @LouisvanAmstel . By  Louis Van Amstel  This week I\'m doing it a little different from other ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Ingo Rademacher Goes Home in Week 9, Show Marks 300th Episode", 'the program opened with a special dance number that featured popular "Dancing" pros including Chelsie Hightower,  Louis Van Amstel  and Anna Trebunskaya. The show also featured live performances by British boy band, The Wanted, and by singer Avril ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 9: Louis Van Amstel  Blogs on Viewers' Choice", '" Dancing With the Stars " pro  Louis van Amstel  blogs on season 16 of "DWTS." The three-time world You can find him on Twitter @LouisvanAmstel . By  Louis Van Amstel  This season has gone by with lightning speed and this ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 8: Louis Van Amstel , Anna Trebunskaya Blog on Trio Dances", '"Good Morning America" brought together " Dancing With the Stars " pros  Louis Van Amstel  and Anna Trebunskaya to weigh in on each of the performances . We\'ll have Louis\' take and then Anna\'s take on each of the ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 7: Louis Van Amstel  Blogs on Latin Night", '" Dancing With the Stars " pro  Louis van Amstel  blogs on season 16 of "DWTS." The three-time world You can find him on Twitter @LouisvanAmstel . By  Louis Van Amstel  It\'s the hot and sassy Latin night tonight. Having ', "Adam Taylor/ABC Hello, everybody! I'm stepping in for [friend and fellow 'Dancing With the Stars' pro]  Louis Van Amstel  this week, and am excited to share with you my thoughts on last night's show . I'm a huge fan of Stevie Wonder ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Louis Van Amstel , Sabrina Bryan Blog on Week 5", 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars" duo, pro  Louis Van Amstel  and his celebrity partner singer/actress Sabrina Cheryl Burke: 18 Andy Dick and Sharna Burgess: 18 Pro  Louis van Amstel  is a three-time world dance champion and creator ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Louis Van Amstel  on 'Best Year of Their Lives' Week", '" Dancing With the Stars " pro  Louis van Amstel  blogs on season 16 of "DWTS." The three-time world You can find him on Twitter @LouisvanAmstel . By  Louis Van Amstel  We are almost halfway through the competition and the ', '" Dancing With the Stars " pro  Louis van Amstel  blogs on season 16 of "DWTS." The three-time world You can find him on Twitter @LouisvanAmstel . By  Louis Van Amstel  This week I had the pleasure of meeting all the celebs ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", "those two numbers were combined, Judd had the lowest overall total. RELATED: 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16:  Louis Van Amstel  on Prom Week There were no eliminations during last week's results show because figure skater Dorothy Hamill withdrew ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", "those two numbers were combined, Judd had the lowest overall total. RELATED: 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16:  Louis Van Amstel  on Prom Week There were no eliminations during last week's results show because figure skater Dorothy Hamill withdrew ", '"Dancing With the Stars" pro reveals routine to get fit, trim waistlines in DVD.', 'did. Can\'t wait to hear your perspective and our own "gma" blogger for all things "dancing WITH THE STARS",  LOUIS van Amstel . So I want to start with you, helio. Okay. What can we say about those freestyles? Oh, my gosh. You know ', 'and our own "gma" blogger for all things "dancing WITH THE STARS", LOUIS van Amstel . So I want to start with you, helio. Okay. What can we say about those freestyles? Oh, my gosh. You know, my ', 'What a shocking night on "dancing with the stars." Sabrina bryan and  louis van amstel  got to the top of the leaderboard. But this is what happened next. Sabrina and louis. You hear the boos there. But sabrina ', 'What a shocking night on "dancing with the stars." Sabrina bryan and louis van amstel got to the top of the leaderboard. But this is what happened next. Sabrina and louis. You hear the boos there. But ']