["too Randy Jackson gave crystal is standing ovation while hatch told her she just school. All the other contestants one finalist will be sent home on tonight's special  Idol Gives Back  charity show. The Black Eyed Peas Joss Stone and Mary.", "the other contestants one finalist will be sent home on tonight's special Idol Gives Back charity show. The Black Eyed Peas -- Joss Stone and Mary. ", "anyone's gonna dispute that but. Because it has after  Idol Gives Back  tonight they're they're planning another special for tomorrow. America's comes together for  Idol Gives Back . There tomorrow more mediocre sing on idol kids. Bob ", "I don't think anyone's gonna dispute that but. Because it has after Idol Gives Back tonight they're they're planning another special for tomorrow. America's comes together for -- Idol Gives Back . There tomorrow more mediocre sing on idol kids. -- Bob solidly very team they give up. I. Do. OK. -- -- -- ", 'are happy without raising campaign.  Idol Gives Back . Campaign worst five million dollars showtime viewers for participating in the  Idol Gives Back  campaign. This spring classic American support other worthy causes it is there  Idol Gives Back . My I hope. And Jordan knows. That ', 'that He has. It is spreading rumors are happy without raising campaign. Idol Gives Back . Campaign -- worst -- five million dollars. For charity work in the United States. Twenty million dollars went to organizations. That protect ', "our voices. -- -- on the showtime viewers for participating in the Idol Gives Back campaign. This spring classic American Idol. -- once again appealed to viewers. To help defeat malaria. On April ninth. The -- will raise money to fight malaria in Africa. And support other worthy causes it is there Idol Gives Back . My -- I hope. And Jordan knows. That America's generosity. Was still four or. We ask our fellow citizens security -- is ", "Had the big charity events  Idol Gives Back . And they raise sixty million dollars that was a good thing actually finally appeared on American Idol last night to for  Idol Gives Back  next. It's very encouraging messages but one of them ", "Had the big charity events Idol Gives Back . And they raise sixty million dollars -- -- that was a good thing but there was and that he's yeah unfortunately Michael Johns has been asked to me. Voted off the show. It it was a surprisingly early departure a lot of people really like ten including Simon Cowell who did not like -- The choice of song He -- last night but did. Enjoy him for his work -- the performance and all the presidential candidates actually finally appeared on American Idol last night to for Idol Gives Back next. It's very encouraging messages but one of them. Was kind of funny -- American Idol is a lot like a presidential ", "big surprise Johnson never been in the show's bottom three vote getters for. Aerosmith dream on during this week's  Idol Gives Back  special. Seven finalists are left to do get out into this season of American Idol. To more this we're so happy to be ", "three vote getters for. -- -- Aerosmith dream on during this week's Idol Gives Back special. Seven finalists are left to do get out into this season of American Idol. To more -- this we're so happy "]