['and, judging from his words on the standout track, " Jimmy Iovine ," (a track named after the chairman of Interscope Lambert) "Thin Line" (featuring Buffalo Madonna) " Jimmy Iovine " (featuring Ab-Soul) "Make the Money" "Neon ', 'whitewashed, and to the intelligence of the audience." The petition asks the director, Mort, and executive producer  Jimmy Iovine  to replace Saldana with someone who "actually looks like Nina Simone." Mary J. Blige had originally been slated ', 'Beats By Dre Releases Pill Bluetooth Speaker and Executive Headphones for Holidays', "News in an interview. And that's our first impression of the new products, which will be introduced by Dr. Dre and  Jimmy Iovine , the founders of the company, in New York City today. The Pill is a Bluetooth speaker no bigger than a bottle of ", 'Online, are Black Eyed Peas stars Fergie and will.i.am . Will.i.am has an advantage: he served alongside  Jimmy Iovine  as a mentor to the contestants last season. Charlie Sheen Executive producer Nigel Lythgoe told gossip website TMZ ', "seemingly without effort. Phillips, who was the only contestant to avoid the bottom three, bucked the judges' and coach  Jimmy Iovine 's advice to wear his favored jeans and T-shirts and sing off-melody while establishing himself as musician, artist ", "'American Idol' Recap: Joshua Ledet Eliminated; Jessica Sanchez and Phillip Phillips to Compete for Crown", 'Queen Latifah also sang on the track. Songwriter Carole Bayer Sager and actress-turned-singer Rita Wilson sat by  Jimmy Iovine  in the audience and joined host Ryan Seacrest in remembering the late disco legend Donna Summer. Lisa Marie Presley ', "'American Idol' Recap: Phillip Phillips, Joshua Ledet and Jessica Sanchez Sing the Judges' Choices", 'one chosen by the judges and one chosen by mentor  Jimmy Iovine . Viewers were also treated to footage of all three needed at this point in the competition. Third Round:  Jimmy Iovine \'s Choice Jimmy chose Mary J. Blige\'s "No More ', "Former 'American Idol' Contestants Hollie Cavanagh, David Cook Compare Final Three's Strengths", "Phillips will face off against each other tonight by singing three songs: one chosen by the judges, one chosen by mentor  Jimmy Iovine , and one of their own choosing. We'll also see footage of the three singers returning to their hometowns for heroes ", "'American Idol' Recap: Joshua Ledet, Jessica Sanchez, Hollie Cavanagh and Phillip Phillips Sing California Tunes", 'second round kicked off with Phillip singing the song he wished he\'d written - "Volcano" by Damien Rice. Mentor  Jimmy Iovine  said Phillip was coming into his own with this stripped down, haunting performance. Steven said he heard the musician ', 'receiving a standing ovation from the judges, Sanchez has consistently delivered. From the start, "Idol" mentor  Jimmy Iovine  declared Sanchez "has talent from A to Z" and called her "the one to beat." The Spoiler: Skylar Laine When she ', 'Brit pop in the second. Steven Van Zandt of Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band and "The Sopranos" fame joined  Jimmy Iovine  in mentoring the contestants this week. Judges Jennifer Lopez, Randy Jackson and Steven Tyler were on hand as usual ', 'receiving a standing ovation from the judges, Sanchez has consistently delivered. From the start, "Idol" mentor  Jimmy Iovine  declared Sanchez "has talent from A to Z" and called her "the one to beat." The Spoiler: Skylar Laine When she ', "rock royalty was spotted in the audience. Steven Van Zant from Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band sat beside mentor  Jimmy Iovine  during the show. Judges Steven Tyler, Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson were on hand to offer their critiques. Here's "]