['"Modern Family" actress also discusses her touching speech from the awards show.', 'sexiest mom to the program.  Sofia vergara , " modern family ." Emmy-winning show returned too. Speaking of dancing,  julie bowen  on yesterday. You guys having going to have much more with  sofia vergara  when we', 'just took place here. Let\'s welcome tv\'s sexiest mom to the program. Sofia vergara , " modern family Emmy-winning show returned in top form last night. What a great episode. When gloria finally reveals that she is pregnant. Of course, ', "network called  modern family . Easily lose so madly at.  Ed O ' Neill  better known as shot the pilot  Julie Bowen  was pregnant with out you know.  modern family  is He marriages risk thank you to  modern family  for that was a ", "leading the way. As a -- half hour on this network called modern family . -- -- -- -- Easily lose this morning on sound stage high paying must garner. An insider's glimpse of what's working on ", "come -- like that's good to come out -- you know. -- modern family is He marriages compromise and a lot of gambling as surrender. That is really what I believe you just -- it didn't ", 'visit never have very really wanna run the risk thank you to modern family for -- that was a lot of fun. ', "Here's retreat right now sailor  Ed O ' Neill  Julie balance of fear of our guard Louisiana Ty Burrell the cast of  modern family  thank you guys so much for about they find out the voice use on  modern family  is your natural voice. They are ", "Eric stone street and -- report. Louisiana Ty Burrell the cast of modern family thank you guys so much for about. -- I'm having so much so much confusion -- this. Breakout hit of the year ", "there are people shocked when they find out the voice use on modern family is your natural voice. They are not good. I am shocked that I'm not able to use any other annoys me. I ", 'the abc hit show, " modern family ." Hilarious and gorgeous live in our studio,  sofia vergara , everyone. Nice to for a promotion for " modern family ." Julie took that lovely and talented  sofia vergara . and again, " modern', 'golden globe nominated actress. Star of the abc hit show, " modern family ." Hilarious and gorgeous, live in our studio, sofia vergara , everyone. Nice to see now. How are you? Great, great. Hello. Great. What a treat. How is it going? Very good, very ', 'will see you out THERE SEPTEMBER 23rd. Everybody, the lovely and talented sofia vergara . and again, " modern family " returns abc, wednesday, SEPTEMBER 26th. ', "Have you here really great premiere I am not here I mean he was in motion that Enhancement has right here. I mean easing. I don't think I can to means that. A perfect job and surpass activities that perfect for me. Were you shocked when you read this script that you or your character Gloria was", 'can\'t get you back in your shell. Exactly. The rest is history. It\'s paying off. You\'re doing so great on " modern family ." We\'re going to do a sneak peek of something from next week. Take a look. Manny, it\'s beautiful outside ', 'The rest is history. It\'s paying off. You\'re doing so great on " modern family ." We\'re going to do a sneak peek of something from next week. Take a look. Manny, it\'s beautiful outside. Go on and ', 'There\'s  julie bowen  joining us on the couch Want to talk more about " modern family ." Congratulations that hard to believe,  julie bowen . We love having you on sun-kissed action on " modern family " tonight. It\'s back ', 'That\'s it. That\'s all I can do. Want to talk more about " modern family ." Congratulations. New season premieres. We want a glimpse from your tv husband, ty. One more clip. Take a look. You\'re in no ', 'It looked natural. We can see more of your sun-kissed action on " modern family " tonight. It\'s back. Let\'s say, the week continues. We might not give the next guest the special cushion. Our next guest is ', 'I\'m in the bedroom with  sofia vergara . Never thought I would say that. It will wasn\'t watching. Thank you for watching as " modern family " week continues.  Sofia vergara  -- thank you, we love you. On fire. Tomorrow ', "I'm in the bedroom with sofia vergara . Never thought I would say that. It will never happen again. It's time for the big reveal. Debbie russo, graphics designer from ", 'the bedroom. Good thing ali wasn\'t watching. Thank you for watching as " modern family " week continues. Sofia vergara -- thank you, we love you. On fire. Tomorrow, by the way, lara, ', 'Amy, back to you. Always a delight to welcome " modern family \'s"  sofia vergara  to our "good morning america" family. The new look, the blond locks and a message she wants to share with everyone and sofia ', 'Amy, back to you. Always a delight to welcome modern family\'s " sofia vergara to our "good morning america" family. The new look, the blond locks and a message she wants to share with everyone and ', 'The " Modern Family " star gives a behind the scenes account of her wardrobe malfunction.', "Oh, yes. Time for another of  sofia vergara 's modern makeovers. Get it? We give sofia and her team ten minutes to transform this room. This is what it looked like before ", "Oh, yes. Time for another of sofia vergara's modern makeovers. Get it? We give sofia and her team ten minutes to transform this room. This is what it looked like ", 'she\'s on fire.  Sofia vergara  is the red-hot star of " modern family ." At 40 years old deals alone. Reporter:  Sofia vergara  sat down with "nightline\'s consumer spend zmrg  sofia vergara  is the cocrossover star ', 'on television. Baby mama -- I don\'t like -- she\'s on fire. Sofia vergara is the red-hot star of " modern family ." At 40 years old, she\'s got a reason to celebrate. Forbes magazine estimates the colombian-born star raked in $19 million, making her ', 'spanish. She\'s earning more than $12 million in endorsement deals alone. Reporter: Sofia vergara sat down with "nightline\'s" cynthia McFADDEN EARLIER THIS SUMMER. Her million-dollar looks and latin appeal have made her a hot commodity. The hispanic market in the u.S. Is estimated to be something over $1 trillion in consumer spend zmrg sofia vergara is the cocrossover star that I feel that u.S. Is looking for. Surprise, gloria! I came to do yoga . I wasn\'t ', "red hot star of the hit sitcom  modern family  here on ABC. In many ways to show it's. Gloria on ABC hit comedy  modern family  you don't. Funny. and she's time with the guard backstage at  modern family  and we wondering how close is she ", "-- -- -- is the red hot star of the hit sitcom modern family here on ABC. In many ways to show reflects the change in reality of the American family. In her spare time she's ", "her daughter -- -- baby -- it's. Gloria on ABC hit comedy modern family you don't. -- Funny. -- and she's perfectly safe and of course. That accident I didn't think varying varying views that -- ", "that. With the to spend some time with the guard backstage at modern family and we wondering how close is she to her character and Maria I'm. At -- and haven't I ever witnessed Sophia stop ", "we get here your beautiful singing lawyer you Moody's now there is  modern family  the season premiere tonight. And then he'd on the confidence in our lives everywhere that's tonight at 9:8 central a full hour on  modern family .", "-- -- your beautiful singing lawyer you Moody's now there -- is modern family the season premiere tonight. And then he'd -- on the confidence in -- around me. And -- -- Romney and spend plenty. ", "lives -- everywhere that's tonight at 9:8 central a full hour on modern family . ", '" Modern Family " actress says she was "skinny" as a girl and wished for curves.', "Now let's listen exhibit tomorrow But that's another story you won't believe who is single again fresh from a break up went boyfriend about two years don't want and only. Act although and they. Are back on the losing cores of the big you know star about modern here is 39 years old. just that we did", "Modern family  is TV's funniest show six Emmy Awards Luoyang immediately when they announced a  modern family  how one the best comedy that security Seven a tough time with take a look  modern family  this. His hands on way. She did in ", "Modern family is TV's funniest show six Emmy Awards including the -- for best comedy to -- it. Now the show is kicking off ", "twenty minutes during the show. I'll Luoyang immediately when they announced a modern family how one the best comedy that security is grant me this would mean my humane as UBI -- I did their -- ", 'girlfriend. And Gloria. Seven a tough time with -- take a look modern family this. His hands on way. She did -- -- in the mood to listen in Canada. -- I -- that you and ', "Anytime you've got we have  modern family  against each other one more time out. Right let's talk about  modern family  big morning yeah we. I hate that right genes and any reaction to  modern family  requests. All looks good premiere ", "and the comedy categories are extremely competitive. Anytime you've got we have modern family against each other one more time. That's gonna be a real battle those are two hugely popular shows on both have been nominated again this year from Chris anybody who were surprised. That did not. Get nominated. Well let's see there are there I guess there are couple loses -- look -- Toni -- the united states of -- not getting nominated lea Michelle like getting nominated for best. Comedy actress I -- that's a bit of a surprise. These are very competitive categories though and any time somebody moves then somebody's got to move out. Right let's talk about modern family big -- morning yeah we. I hate that we're gonna come back to crest right genes and any reaction to modern family requests. All looks good premiere I -- they look pretty excited. Ed -- we're gonna talk about that. It's a big -- "]