['"DWTS" alum reportedly split with the "American Idol" host after dating for nearly two years.', 'leading lady. Now, in shocking, new interviews with "entertainment tonight" and "cosmo" magazine, actress  julianne hough  revealed how child abuse scarred her past. It sucked the life out of me. And the light about me was gone. Reporter ', 'Now, in shocking, new interviews with "entertainment tonight" and "cosmo" magazine, actress julianne hough revealed how child abuse scarred her past. It sucked the life out of me. And the light about me was gone. Reporter: ', 'It is the first live television appearance. And our summer concert series Julianne is here and of course you know as the time winner on Dancing With The Stars. Would she was there with is there with Apollo and now she steps into a new arena country music in fact she is right now number one. On the', "Just use your mom pants don't hear any noise. would want another dance floor. A rational misfortunes. Dancer  Julianne Hough  had emergency surgery and left the competition for a full two weeks and hang me at That's how she looked amazing ", "dance floor. A rational misfortunes. -- -- -- -- -- -- Dancer Julianne Hough had emergency surgery and left the competition for a full two weeks and hang me at -- -- That's how she looked ", "hour and 45 minutes of rehearsal day can take got some. I think we got our answer tonight. And joining is that is  Julianne Hough  who got up early of course Adam is doing his own radio morning show right now the nerve of him as though He can't ", 'I think we got our answer tonight. And joining is that is Julianne Hough who got up early of course Adam is doing his own radio morning show right now the nerve of him as though ', 'co-conservator. Finally, everybody, golden globes, a night of celebration. And who better to hit the dance floor than  julianne hough . After changing from this gown into this jenny packham dress, looking gorgeous. The "dancing with the stars ', 'night of celebration. And who better to hit the dance floor than julianne hough . After changing from this gown into this jenny packham dress, looking gorgeous. The "dancing with the stars" chap turned actress, hit the ', "about comfort. I can't have this on my show. Reporter: Will apolo ohno and helio castroneves need a champion like  julianne hough  again? It's tough, I know what it takes to win. Reporter: And there may be know surpriseses for kirstie alley ", "show. Reporter: Will apolo ohno and helio castroneves need a champion like julianne hough again? It's tough, I know what it takes to win. Reporter: And there may be know surpriseses for kirstie alley, tweeting it's ", "but this wasn't my fault for the party is full swing like Ryan Seacrest in my right with his beautiful girlfriend  Julianne Hough . Waiter comes over hello everybody would you like Whitewater. Red line it. All over the beautiful white trash on ", 'full swing like Ryan Seacrest in my right with his beautiful girlfriend Julianne Hough . Waiter comes over hello everybody would you like Whitewater. Red line it. All over the beautiful white trash on miss Spencer. Not ', "it's going to be I predicted thank you are really fun movie and this city. updated in a beautiful beautiful day and  Julianne Hough  who piano and tennis great grade who has worked with. You know it's a one lead when He go to. Don't recognize ", 'movie and this city. -- updated in a beautiful beautiful day and Julianne Hough who piano and tennis great -- -- -- grade who has worked with. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- You know ', "anything clay grass but I. Yeah I can dance reform visual. Country singer Chuck real country singing my girlfriend is  Julianne Hough  she's won Dancing With The Stars twice. But who's the boss. Here's CNN the teaching and listen to me and the ", "visual. Country singer Chuck -- real -- country singing my girlfriend is Julianne Hough she's won Dancing With The Stars twice. But who's the boss. Here's CNN the teaching and listen to me and the minute ", "the real American gangster. Now in the video. It includes this stars Willie Nelson Dancing With The Stars champ  Julianne Hough  and also country star Brad Paisley. And this country music is the most underrated music in the world's and that's ", "video. It includes this stars Willie Nelson Dancing With The Stars champ Julianne Hough and also country star Brad Paisley. And -- -- -- this country music is the most underrated music in the world's and ", "the hour event premiering you'll see all plugged in. And four of them were here right now last year's winner  Julianne Hough  and Tony Dovolani who return this year for the straight season He does. And couldn't dance a Wall Street. And ", "And -- four of them were here right now last year's winner Julianne Hough and Tony Dovolani who return this year for the straight season He does. And -- couldn't dance a Wall Street. And there. ", 'Apollo Anton Ohno and his partner  Julianne Hough  were crowned champions. Of a fourth season of dancing. With the stars of mumbled those is that no mumble jumble things like that ', 'Apollo Anton Ohno and his partner Julianne Hough were crowned champions. Of a fourth season of dancing. With the stars of -- mumbled those -- -- -- is that no ', "Athletically as you know we have been with us Philly have have to that this is here and also of course  Julianne Hough  and her brother Jared. At a camera at all clear that message through this quickly and can't. And their got lucky and you ", "Philly have have to that this is here and also of course Julianne Hough and her brother Jared. At a camera at all clear that message through this quickly and -- can't. And their -- got "]