['10.06 million. 5. " NCIS ,"  CBS , 8.76 million. 6 Scene Investigation,"  CBS , 6.17 million. 16. "Two and a Half Men,"  CBS , 6.16 million. 17. " NCIS :  Los Angeles ,"  CBS , 6.09 million ', '9.81 million. 4. " NCIS ,"  CBS , 8.71 million. 5 8. "60 Million,"  CBS , 6.44 million. 9. "Big Brother" (Sunday),  CBS , 6.27 million. 10 6.24 million. 11. " NCIS :  Los Angeles ,"  CBS , 6.19 million ', 'mage credit: Cliff Lipson/ CBS /Getty Images He plays a special agent in " NCIS ," but these days  Michael Weatherly  seems more excited about another named Olivia, last April. (The  CBS  star also has a son, August ', 'creator of the teen cult  television  drama, Rob Thomas, along star as Josef Kostan in  CBS \' vampire drama, "Moonlight starring roles on major  television  series including "CSI Criminal Minds," " NCIS " and "Bones." He reunited ', '" NCIS " may be the most popular show on  television , but you wouldn\'t tuning in to Sunday\'s  Emmy  Awards telecast. That\'s continue to reign among  Emmy  voters -- and they when the 64th Primetime  Emmy  Awards airs Sunday ', 'who have been robbed.  LL Cool J  Last month, rapper-actor  LL Cool J  heard noises while sleeping a special agent on " NCIS Los Angeles ," saw the intruder nose, jaw and ribs.  LL Cool J , whose real name is ', 'special agent on " NCIS Los Angeles ," saw the intruder authorities arrived. " LL Cool J , and his family Under the moniker  LL Cool J  (an abbreviation for role of Sam Hanna on  CBS \' " NCIS Los Angeles " in 2009.', 'special agent on " NCIS Los Angeles ," saw the intruder nothing was stolen. " LL Cool J , and his family Under the moniker  LL Cool J  (an abbreviation for role of Sam Hanna on  CBS \' " NCIS Los Angeles " in 2009.', 'Huntsman and Prometheus  TELEVISION  Choice TV Show Miami Hawaii Five-O  NCIS :  Los Angeles  Nikita Choice TV Actor: Action  LL Cool J ,  NCIS :  Los Angeles  Daniel Dae Kim Nikita Linda Hunt,  NCIS :  Los Angeles  Grace Park, Hawaii ', 'is one of 22 shows in  television  history to reach 200 episodes UCLA\'s School of Film and  Television , White occupied a dual Entertainment and Disney Channel  Television . He has also resumed Legal," "House," " NCIS "and Dreamworks\'"Dreamgirls ', 'progressive storylines, including the  Emmy -award winning ABC sitcom " Modern Family Desperate Housewives ," and " NCIS " high on their viewing lists. The list\'s Stars 10. Desperate Housewives 11.  NCIS  12. The Bachelor 12. Lie to Me 14 ', 'in trying to, you know, give my kids some sort of lavish lifestyle. Reporter: He plays sam hannah on the  cbs  show " ncis :  Los angeles ." And now, he\'s caught a real-life bad guy in his own kitchen. L.L. Was woken up by suspicious noises ', 'some sort of lavish lifestyle. Reporter: He plays sam hannah on the cbs show " ncis : Los angeles ." And now, he\'s caught a real-life bad guy in his own kitchen. L.L. Was woken up by suspicious noises in the l.A. ', 'the history of  television . But it was That included  mark harmon \'s popular happened much on  television . At all. At ground-breaking  television . Reporter astonishing 63  emmy  awards. It\'s you\'re right. " Ncis ." One of the ', 'more cherished. More people died there than people in the history of television . But it was a real hospital. It was the first show, the stars of our show had a tendency to die off ', "thing that happened in our careers. It was a show that changed television in a lot of ways. And to be part of something like that was certainly extraordinary. In order for me to be a good doctor, I have to separate my feelings from myself. Reporter: Mark, what did you learn from your acting on this show, that you draw upon now? That we have better words to say. Teachers in every direction. I was real thankful to be included in this group. People on the streets, would they come up to you and ask you medical advice? I opened a hospital in the midwest because I was a nurse on television . I would be giving dissenting advice all the time. And I wasn't far off. Reporter: William daniels played the surlily dr. Craig. ", "characters were written off in shocking ways. Bye, peter. Reporter: That included mark harmon's popular dr. Bobby caldwell. Reporter: Your character on the show contracted hiv. You were talking to writers. Yeah. Reporter: Up until then, that hasn't happened much on television . At all. At all. That was ground-breaking television . Reporter: Between all of the drama, there were a lot of laughs. We were irreverent. We were ironic. We were at times "]