["The stadium is up and ready to go, the final rehearsals all completed. In central London's main shopping district, rows of giant flags representing 206 countries flu...", "Like a runner or a swimmer, you would need to be physically fit. Like a goalie or a boxer, you should be prepared for close calls. But if you are coming to London's ...", 'London transport officials blocked an advertising campaign suggesting gay people can be converted to heterosexuality.The advertisements from Christian group Core Iss...', "Queen Elizabeth II toured London's Olympic heartland Saturday hours after she surprised a worldwide audience by starring as the newest Bond Girl.The queen got a bird...", 'What are the odds of a UFO sighting during the London Olympics opening ceremony? Or of the final torch bearer tripping as they ascend to light the flame? Or would yo...', 'What are the odds of a UFO sighting during the London Olympics opening ceremony? Or of the final torch bearer tripping as they ascend to light the flame? Or would yo...', "Queen Elizabeth II toured London's Olympic heartland Saturday hours after she surprised a worldwide audience by starring as the newest Bond Girl.The queen got a bird...", "From the track to the ring to the sandpit, this crop of Olympians just can't stop the beat. The London Games have brought an outpouring of crazy, creative victory ce...", 'Basking in post-Olympic glory, Britain succumbed to reality Monday with commuters venturing back to work and Heathrow Airport experiencing one of its busiest days ev...', 'London Mayor Boris Johnson  on concerns bank regulations may cause financials to flee  London .', "Watching the greatest athletes on earth compete in a quadrennial bonanza of sport is nice, but it's evidently not enough to satisfy the goldfish-like attention span ...", '"Enlightenment" was the theme, physicist Stephen Hawking the guide and Olympic Stadium the venue Wednesday night as London welcomed 4,200 athletes from more than 160...', 'Standard Chartered is in settlement talks with the New York State Dept. of Financial Services on charges it conducted dollar transactions on behalf of Iran through i...', 'Did the Spice Girls spice up your life last night? The "Girls" (now pushing 40 with plenty of babies between them) reunited Sunday night for the Olympics Closing Cer...', "For skeptics, the Olympics were deliciously doomed: London's transport network would surely fail, Britain's athletes would flop, rain would prevail and terrorists wo...", "Thousands more police officers flooded London streets Tuesday in a bid to end Britain's worst rioting in a generation as nervous shopkeepers closed early and some re...", "Thousands of extra police officers flooded into London Wednesday in a bid to end Britain's worst rioting in a generation. An eerie calm prevailed in the capital, but...", 'Olympic organizers have some travel advice for the millions of people who work and live in London: Be patient. Have a beer. Work from home.Rejecting suggestions of p...', 'Residents surveyed shattered streets and police vowed a wave of arrests Monday after riots and looting erupted in an impoverished London neighborhood and hopscotched...']