["Country music star and fan favorite Kellie Pickler was named the winner of the show's 16th season.", "winner is here you're gonna see it but an. and I  Kellie Pickler  who knows who knows you know. Why she is from American because in diet is and yeah but America spoke and and  Kellie Pickler  want to thank all. And I higher points from the judges ", "you're gonna see it -- but an. -- -- and I -- Kellie Pickler who knows who knows you know. -- -- -- -- -- Why she is from American Idol fame she finished apparently -- ", "-- -- is -- -- and yeah but America spoke and and Kellie Pickler want to thank -- all. And I -- -- higher points from the judges got away with Kelly restore America's heart and ", '"DWTS" champion joins Jacoby Jones, Aly Raisman and Zendaya in discussing shows\' finale.', "Good morning, everybody. Country star -- we have a country feeling today. We're going to start with  kellie pickler . She is causing quite a buzz today. Give me a ding. Ding, ding, ding. Because, as you're seeing in this video ", "-- we have a country feeling today. We're going to start with kellie pickler . She is causing quite a buzz today. Give me a ding. Ding, ding, ding. Because, as you're seeing in this video, she ", 'Kellie Pickler  wants you to know that February is appreciation month and to show her love for the feline variety. She is designed to sweater ', 'Kellie Pickler wants you to know that February is -- appreciation month and to show her love for the feline variety. She is designed ', 'Like Hollywood that you know change tonight now the best selling country star we fell in love with on American Idol. Is out what their third album made its way for this one it is called a proof. And they always lovely Kelli Pickler is here to kick off our winter concert series up for Kellie Cathy', 'perfect score of 30. Meantime, country sweetheart  kellie pickler  wowed the audience and the judges with a contemporary night was very special. Chelsie, you were there.  Kellie pickler  really focused on the dancing. Aly, big production ', 'and partner mark ballas a perfect score of 30. Meantime, country sweetheart kellie pickler wowed the audience and the judges with a contemporary routine that even brought carrie ann inaba to tears. You bared your soul ', 'of unfair. But last night was very special. Chelsie, you were there. Kellie pickler really focused on the dancing. Aly, big production valley. Yeah. What was your impression of both and was one smarter than the ', "Then now we have a Monday morning treat for you she was a finalist on American Idol she went on to win the hearts of the entire country with her. Bubbly personality and beautiful beautiful voice her first today's CB became the best selling debut album by a solo country artist last year. And you can", 'say oh jesus when i ran towards him. I\'m just saying but kellie pickler , kellie pickler , derek hough by far is one of the best choreographers on "dancing with the stars." Kellie pickler was so wonderful. Her body just moves. Don\'t you love her body? I do. We were saying. Her energy. She has great ', "Reporter: Aly raisman and zendaya dance a samba tonight, facing jacoby jones jive. They'll compete against  kellie pickler 's quick step. How is your physical position? I'm still in one piece. Reporter: You feeling well? I have strep ", "zendaya dance a samba tonight, facing jacoby jones jive. They'll compete against kellie pickler's quick step. How is your physical position? I'm still in one piece. Reporter: You feeling well? I have strep throat. I just ", 'sean and peta. Getting up early, peta murgatroyd and sean lowe. It is crunch time now, sean, you saw jacoby and  kellie pickler  there. Had to be tough. Yeah, when I\'m in the bottom three with jacoby and , i knew my time with "dancing with ', 'sean lowe. It is crunch time now, sean, you saw jacoby and kellie pickler there. Had to be tough. Yeah, when I\'m in the bottom three with jacoby and , i knew my time with "dancing ', "Not only his first dance the busy. Last week exactly team blew everyone's but it wasn't stocks that concern  Kellie Pickler . I was more concerned about warned that malfunction. Then I would say anything. problem. That Kelly's jag tonight ", "exactly team blew everyone's -- -- but it wasn't stocks that concern Kellie Pickler . I was more concerned about warned that malfunction. Then I would say anything. -- problem. That Kelly's jag tonight -- because it ", "anyone's doing dampened my head with dancing with the and when he got. We got the top and the bottom so on the top  Kellie Pickler  and David Derek with 26 as well and then die and out trucks compete. And it Talking with 26 as well this little girl ", 'got. We got the top and the bottom so on the top Kellie Pickler and David Derek -- with 26 as well and then die and out trucks compete. And it -- Talking with 26 as ', "nearly perfect score of 29. That's the way to start a show. Reporter: At the top of the leaderboard, country star  kellie pickler , quickstepping her way straight into len's heart. That's the best dance I've seen on season 16. Repter ", "start a show. Reporter: At the top of the leaderboard, country star kellie pickler , quickstepping her way straight into len's heart. That's the best dance I've seen on season 16. Repter: And turning up the heat ", "prevention. She within And then Disney stars and Diana she just. You nailed it as usual she's just. Such a natural and  Kellie Pickler . It has just been it so far she's I just think she's incredible and she can't to a song performed by her. welcome ", "nailed it as usual she's just. Such a natural and -- -- Kellie Pickler . It has just been -- -- it so far she's I just think she's incredible and she can't to a song performed ", 'brought the audience to their feet and zendaya. The way you work that music, they better watch their back. Reporter:  Kellie pickler  danced the rumba to a serenade from her husband. Andy dick danced his heart out for his daughter. It was like the ', 'The way you work that music, they better watch their back. Reporter: Kellie pickler danced the rumba to a serenade from her husband. Andy dick danced his heart out for his daughter. It was like the ']