['(@allen_kimberly/Twitter)  Kris Allen  was involved in a head-on car collision on New Year\'s Day news that his wife Katy is expecting a baby. The "American  Idol " season eight champ tweeted late Tuesday night, "Yes I got ', 'request of her record label. The "American  Idol " fan site MJsBigBlog.com says this was the first time in years that an "American  Idol " star did not perform at the Walmart meeting. It\'s become a tradition for " Idol " winners to appear at the event: Taylor Hicks, Jordin Sparks, David Cook,  Kris Allen , Lee DeWyze and Scotty McCreery all sang ', 'people feel that if American  Idol  contestants were judged by author of the book American  Idol : The Untold Story, points years, America has handed the  Idol  title to a cute dude who plays the guitar - a trend that  Idol  pundits call the "White guy America crowned David Cook,  Kris Allen , Lee DeWyze and Scotty McCreery ', 'was voted out of American  Idol  Thursday night. Prior to Thursday was on his second try at " Idol " stardom, having auditioned night, season eight American  Idol  champ  Kris Allen  dropped by to perform his new the performance. "American  Idol " returns next Wednesday at ', 'everything, and losing "American  Idol " could turn out to be the some famous ones. Previous " Idol " contestants Hudson and Daughtry career." Here are some other " Idol " losers who won in the end: \' Idol \' Losers Who\'ve Won Big Adam have lost out on the title to  Kris Allen  in Season 8, but he snagged ', 'talent this season on "American  Idol ," but there\'s still only Halperin, author of "American  Idol : Celebrating 10 Years old-fashioned \'American  Idol \' throwback in the same vein he make it to the top of " Idol ?" Mansfield could see him three winners, David Cook,  Kris Allen  and Lee DeWyze. The Glamberts ', 'the title as ninth "American  Idol ," but runner-up Crystal finale could see that some " Idol " winners had fared professionally Underwood and the very first " Idol ," Kelly Clarkson, had achieved the most success of all the " Idol " winners. Season seven winner and last year\'s winner,  Kris Allen . All reached the pinnacle ', 'last two seasons of "American  Idol ," but will women rule this Santilli, who writes about " Idol " on mjsbigblog.com , told crush-worthy men on this season\'s " Idol ." That, along with the lukewarm Isn\'t this America\'s " Idol "? Can the judges really Voters gave the victory to  Kris Allen  instead. The year before ', '"American  Idol " starts its ninth season tonight But still, how will " Idol " viewers take to the musical other questions. "American  Idol " is supposed to be a musical Santilli, who writes about " Idol " on her blog MJsBigBlog controversial voting parties for winner  Kris Allen  could result in "a set of ', 'Just hours after "American  Idol " started its ninth season But still, how will " Idol " viewers take to the musical other questions. "American  Idol " is supposed to be a musical Santilli, who writes about " Idol " on her blog MJsBigBlog controversial voting parties for winner  Kris Allen  could result in "a set of ', 'and grueling. Not so for  Kris Allen  , David Cook and Adam Lambert hit TV show "American  Idol ." It is a coveted stepping Cook, Adam Lambert and  Kris Allen  perform live this Friday the 50-city "American  Idol  Summer 2009 Tour," which ', 'for "20/20," "American  Idol \'s" Adam Lambert opened up harbor fantasies about the " Idol " star, Lambert said he is still looking." \'American  Idol \' Upset: Lambert Loses During "American  Idol ," all eyes were on Lambert contestants, 23-year-old  Kris Allen  beat out Lambert for the title ', "list it comes from the farm worsen eight American  Idol Chris Allen . I'm sure you've heard. Yes we gotta live likely analysts. Out of time here however is not. Maybe  Chris Allen  can be another kind of profit for us in this holiday ", "make the list it comes from the farm worsen -- eight American Idol Chris Allen . I'm sure you've heard. Yes we gotta live likely dying. We got 86400. Seconds in each day Allen saints and we shouldn't ", 'days beloved was analysts. Out of time here however is not. Maybe Chris Allen can be another kind of profit for us in this holiday season. Yellow light Chanukah candles trim the tree put out the ', "Right exactly and number we have both  Chris Allen  and Adam Lambert of American  Idol  fame. If you weren't an American  Idol  fan you certainly knew about Lambert overall list at the year in American  Idol  for the second year roads in that top ", "maybe for her children. Right exactly and number -- we have both Chris Allen and Adam Lambert of American Idol fame. If you weren't an American Idol fan you certainly knew about Lambert at least after his publicity stunt. Share Sherry -- I you know in we also do a top ten overall list at the year in American Idol for the second year roads in that top ten -- American Idol always generates huge interests. I think this story line this here is that these two were it was so different. They've -- "]