['scores and viewer votes and therefore leaving right now is -- ingo and kym. Here they are now, ingo rademacher,  kym johnson , thank you very much for getting up early this morning. There you guys are. Ingo, come on. You made it a long way ', 'now is -- ingo and kym. Here they are now, ingo rademacher, kym johnson , thank you very much for getting up early this morning. There you guys are. Ingo, come on. You made it a long ', 'is. We are the same exact actually chromeless. Oh my goodness Donny Osmond there last night you know He danced with  Kym Johnson . One I see the expression on your face and Donnie have you talked to her at all. Yeah I was with the last night before ', 'goodness Donny Osmond -- there last night you know He danced with Kym Johnson . One I see the expression on your face -- and Donnie have you talked to her at all. Yeah I was with ', 'Jaleel White and  Kym Johnson  will battle Sherri Shepherd and Val Chmerkovskiy.', "fortunately it was the hall thing internationally known star of Baywatch and Knight Rider. David Hasselhoff and his partner.  Kym Johnson  for the first though the new season of ABC's dancing with the stars and here is the moment when they had to go David ", "known star of Baywatch and Knight Rider. David Hasselhoff and his partner. Kym Johnson for the first though the new season of ABC's dancing with the stars and here is the moment when they had to ", "Not the best reviews for Mike the situation. A bad situation yet there's a David Hasselhoff he was doing the with  Kym Johnson  so. That their Mike the situation a lot of other dancers worth mentioning of course there's also Florence Henderson ", "yet there's a David Hasselhoff he was doing the -- -- with Kym Johnson so. That their -- Mike the situation a lot of other dancers worth mentioning of course there's also Florence Henderson Michael Bolton ", "right after battling it out for ten days we get from. Intense competition let's show biz icon down we know that here  Kym Johnson  is part of what they took home. The mirror ball trophy on dancing with the SARS or take a look back. We got a Shimizu ", "let's show biz icon down -- -- we know that here -- Kym Johnson is part of what they took home. The mirror ball trophy on dancing with the SARS or take a look back. We ", "danced and there was a little bit of entry packet of any given on me and you can Johnson flies by when am There they go.  Kym Johnson  she's not that's what people say you can raise wow I'm distracted but not so much to say that Sam Champion got ", "and you can Johnson flies by when am -- There they go. Kym Johnson she's not that's what people say you can raise wow I'm distracted but not so much to say that Sam Champion got ", 'dipping his way to the top in winning the ninth season of the hit show. The former teen pop star and his dance partner  Kym Johnson  beat out rival Mya and Kelly Osborne earlier this morning at a chance. To speak with my and now. About this memorable ', 'the hit show. The former teen pop star and his dance partner Kym Johnson beat out rival Mya and Kelly Osborne earlier this morning at a chance. To speak with -- my -- and now. About ', "when you don't go away right now Yahoo! will tomorrow right. Yeah but right now we're like ten hour trying to get  Kym Johnson  into the show yeah. Q doesn't just woman with don't eat like she told you still learn the polls showed two days ", "but right now we're -- like ten hour -- trying to get Kym Johnson into the show yeah. Q doesn't just woman with don't eat like she told you still learn the polls showed two days. ", "you're big guy say. It kind of scared me a little benefits are most like wow and to get around to eight. His partner  Kym Johnson  at a 109 pounds has bruises to show for it. Aren't I have had a few collisions. He should be gotten so windy get ", "most like wow and -- to get around to eight. His partner Kym Johnson at a 109 pounds has bruises to show for it. Aren't I have had a few collisions. He should be gotten so ", "exactly Athlete that you're waiting to be great all right. Go back and he'll be with with our Australian beauty  Kym Johnson  returns more to her fifth season All right now who's the last one you've got but I haven't had one what's gonna ", "right. Go back and he'll be with -- with our Australian beauty Kym Johnson -- returns more to her fifth season -- All right now who's the last one you've got but I haven't had one "]