["We are so happy to have  millionaire matchmaker  an author of become your go go and what we wishing  millionaire matchmaker  in Manhattan. I hadn't of course well Levy from  millionaire matchmaker  they've been talking about ", "We are so happy to have millionaire matchmaker an author of become your own matchmaker Patti stay here with us today. -- welcome to the -- thanks for being here thanks for having me. I took first dog to take a look at yourself you'll look fabulous how much weight into -- Lawson explained pounds on -- It diet doesn't want me to stay different -- it was a -- -- that worked and most diets don't work for me I'm always on the go go and what we wishing millionaire matchmaker in Manhattan. I hadn't had time to exercise because we work like ten of fourteen hours a day so cents a really ", "at exactly okay now of course well -- Levy from -- -- millionaire matchmaker they've been talking about it. Veterans dying for some tips on how to land your perfect -- so I mean the first ", "Turnout to  millionaire matchmaker Patti stanger  she stopped at nothing to matchmaking empire and help people thanks for joining me. That you treat your third generation  matchmaker  it's essentially in your blood yet to my glad my and ", "Turnout to millionaire matchmaker Patti stanger she stopped at nothing to -- matchmaking empire and help people find love. Patti joins us now to talk about the third season ever hit show and give us a matchmaking tips of -- -- -- great to studio thanks for joining me. That you treat your third generation matchmaker it's essentially in your blood yet to my glad my -- -- and my mother did it back come in New Jersey. ", "tough talk and forest behind  millionaire matchmaker  the to anger is finding And with her hit show  millionaire matchmaker . She's helped hundreds Chris you can check out  millionaire matchmaker  I'm rob Tuesday night ", "She is that tough talk and forest behind millionaire matchmaker the -- to anger is finding success in both business. And with her hit show millionaire matchmaker . She's helped hundreds of men find the lab that they are looking for. Do we still have to be joined by Patti she judges from our Los Angeles -- and patty thanks for being here. Thanks for inviting me so first how -- -- start in the matchmaking business. -- -- actually started in seventh grade believing that I fixed up my best friend at a dance. And then I also come from -- Lana matchmaker is my grandmother and my mother they used to do it for the local temple in teachers and so I haven't in ", "AK EMI -- joining us today. -- Chris you can check out millionaire matchmaker I'm rob Tuesday night at 109 -- That's on pleasantly happy today that make sure to check -- -- on demand. The ", 'estimated mostly my network core of tell us that it was Michael frozen as the introduction team for reality show  millionaire matchmaker  and I have the right chemistry. Pros the father of two young boys seem to be a man who had everything except ', 'it was Michael frozen as the introduction team for -- reality show millionaire matchmaker and I have the right chemistry. Pros -- the father of two young boys seem to be a man who had everything ', 'that after five months. And I admire you may remember women justice talisman consulates.  Patti stanger  is the no nonsense star of  millionaire matchmaker  now in its fourth season. With 30000 women waiting to be paired up with your tycoons ', 'months. And I admire you may remember women justice talisman consulates. -- Patti stanger is the no nonsense star of millionaire matchmaker now in its fourth season. With 30000 women waiting to be paired up with your tycoons. -- still less to pump up ', "packet and against the wall and have mad passionate love to you in your office bathroom. Reality TV's  millionaire matchmaker Patti stanger  says women believe that sexiest man alive are genuine guys good with their hands. I like the rugged ", "passionate love to you in your office bathroom. -- -- Reality TV's millionaire matchmaker Patti stanger says women believe that sexiest man alive are genuine guys -- good with their hands. I like the rugged type -- when ", "modern cupid to do it for love and money. Like the  millionaire matchmaker  whose clients spend thousands hoping she'll deliver Chicago. I had an incredible experience with a  matchmaker  who helped me to find my life. She coached me along ", "modern -- cupid to do it for love and money. Like the millionaire matchmaker whose clients spend thousands hoping she'll deliver a soul -- but can you do what they edu. Behind this -- is a class -- Cubans the matchmaking institute. An actual state accredited school founded by at least a -- -- yeah. -- -- -- -- -- and business is booming her three day course draws people from all over like -- silver from Chicago. I had an incredible experience with a matchmaker who helped me to find my life. She coached me along with -- and I was inspired to help others. They tell ", "coaches the coach is says he's get people very direct response. And guess what if this is super nanny sort of  millionaire matchmaker  British accent. This is an American import very red state oriented we go our first drug over by the way through ", 'response. And guess what if this is super nanny sort of -- millionaire matchmaker -- -- British accent. This is an -- American import very red state oriented we go our first drug -- over by ', 'Some has fabricate success story not some stories Michael the third claim to be a wealthy Internet tycoon and  millionaire matchmaker . Yeah estimated modestly my network before The women were turned off consumer prosecutors. Turns out cruisers ', 'Michael -- the third claim to be a wealthy Internet tycoon and millionaire matchmaker . Yeah estimated modestly my network -- before -- -- The women were turned off consumer prosecutors. Turns out cruisers sealock who just ', "website books win. clinic is a website I love. When it's and it's really easy to just get sucked into a  millionaire matchmaker  Jersey I believe are different and sell out. exercise those brain muscles a little go to books when dot com ", "it's -- and it's really easy to just get sucked into a millionaire matchmaker -- Jersey -- -- -- I believe are different and sell out. -- exercise those brain muscles a little -- go to ", 'casting directors to who supplied assertive attracted personalities and for shows like survivor. One days. And  millionaire matchmaker . Today we caught up with them searching for the right mix for an anonymous future network reality dating show ', 'supplied assertive attracted personalities and for shows like survivor. One days. And millionaire matchmaker . Today we caught up with them searching for the right mix for an anonymous future network reality dating show. Topsy Saturday -- ', "casting directors to who supplied assertive attracted personalities. For shows like survivor. Blind date. And  millionaire matchmaker . For she's like her and her Today we caught up with him searching for the right in this war anonymous futures ", "who supplied assertive attracted personalities. For shows like survivor. Blind date. And millionaire matchmaker . For she's like her and her -- Today we caught up with him searching for the right in this war -- anonymous "]