['on the role of Jacob. Before becoming a teen  idol , he was a child star with film credits including has found love. Reed got engaged to "American  Idol " season 10 contestant  Paul McDonald  after meeting him at the premiere of "Little ', 'end of the road for "American  Idol " contestant  Paul McDonald  Thursday night and the end of they\'ve dreamed of winning American  Idol  forever. So I\'m like, \'Go complaints from fans on her " Idol " website MJ\'s Big Blog ', 'an old-fashioned "American  Idol " throwback in the same vein odds in favor of another male  Idol . Favorite fellows Casey Abrams,  Paul McDonald  and James Durbin were put on acting like he could win this " Idol " thing. Abrams, who was saved ', 'and Adam Lambert, previous " Idol " contestants who either looked odds in favor of another male  Idol . Favorites fellows Casey Abrams,  Paul McDonald  and James Durbin were put on acting like he could win this " Idol " thing. Abrams, who was saved ', 'Halperin, author of "American  Idol : Celebrating 10 Years an old-fashioned \'American  Idol \' throwback in the same vein competition." The Toss-up:  Paul McDonald  A Nashville singer-songwriter Could he make it to the top of " Idol ?" Mansfield could see him ', "All right we're talking about American  Idol  anybody's really into the season you might have little bit shocked me that would not say about Paul He was booted off of American  Idol  and Alaskan is that you know this guy who could really sent me ", "All right we're talking about American Idol anybody's really into the season you might have little bit shocked isn't sure He was sort of like me that -- would not say about Paul -- He was booted off of American Idol and Alaskan is that you know this guy who could really sent me He was really really -- -- sort of had ", "Abrams that this year's under like pop  idol  winner Taylor had. He broke out an electric Bernard bonnet snowflake. And  Paul McDonald  has won over female fans with his good abcnews.com. To find out more about  idol  front. New York State.", "hearts go out -- Abrams that this year's under -- like pop idol winner Taylor had. He broke out an electric -- Bernard bonnet snowflake. And Paul McDonald has won over female fans with his good looks. But yesterday -- -- compromised his place. -- He added these. -- this year's Adam Lambert teamster. Wednesday the rocker thing bonds. -- -- I'll be there. Had to abcnews.com. To find out more about idol front. New York State. ", 'new romance with them tell us about the yes well  Paul McDonald  from American  Idol  who was just. Voted off the first now being voted their dating so even He is not going to be the next  idol  He has not possible girlfriend you. Is quite start ', 'a new romance with them -- tell us about the yes well Paul McDonald from American Idol who was just. Voted off the first now being voted off their dating so even -- He is not going to be the next idol He has not possible girlfriend you. Is quite start there and how hot -- -- of these ten. Well He spoke to ']