["one buried deep within the earth, but sitting on the surface: the tailings of old mines, some dating back to  California Gold Rush  days. What these contain, though, isn't gold or silver. It's rare earth elements. Rare earth elements ", 'months... railing against his opponent... to retain power." http://goo.gl/9zM25 @DavidMDrucker :  California Gold Rush : 3rd Party $$$ pours into CA all-party primary House races: http://bit.ly/Ky44Mg h/t @kyletrygstad ', 'Police in Yreka, Calif. are still searching for answers today after thieves stole $3 million worth of historical golden nuggets from a courthouse. The stolen gold collection items date back some 100 years and are historic artifacts from the booming gold rush that took place...', 'protect what they have with hard money." While the show includes rarities like a gold coin minted during the  California Gold Rush  and now valued at $15 million, more typical items like $20 gold coins from the 1920s are just as much the center ', 'minerals give the mountains their dramatic hues. The area was dubbed Death Valley during the early years of the  California Gold Rush  by a band of prospectors who got stuck while trying to find a shortcut to the San Francisco area. The name caught ', 'gold/mercury amalgam. Others recommend heating the mercury, which can release dangerous fumes. During the  California gold rush , some 26 million pounds of mercury were used to extract gold from the ore, and much of it remains in the Sacramento ', 'The 1849 Gold Rush on California drew unprecedented numbers of prospectors to the American West. Now, 160 years later, as the recession bites across the state, there is still gold in them thar hills -- and new treasure hunters have joined the chase. With the precious metal trading at almost $1,000', 'red-legged frog offers some evidence for the theory. This species was first harvested for food in the 19th-century  California gold rush  and eventually the population began to crash. However, Collins cautions that "at the moment we have no data ', "wearing one of her creations; she calls it the Gold Mine Dress. She got the idea for it from a book about the  California gold rush . The skirt of the dress is supposed to look like a mountain, so it flares out at the bottom. When Mama's standing ", 'if there is no opportunity to yell "Eureka!" gold mining towns offer a unique perspective on life during the  California gold rush . Marshall Gold Discovery State Historic Park 310 Back Street, Coloma, Calif., 530-622-3470 In a quest ', 'homes. And many of the homes in Stockton need all the saving they can get. This was a town that was born in the  California Gold Rush , and over time has experienced the all too typical real estate boom -to-bust. There was a housing construction ', '"WHEN MOM SIGNED ON THE DOTTED LINE, SHE FELT THE SALESMAN WAS A GOOD FRIEND: BUT HE WASN\'T"', 'their home mortgages and then fall victim to what one witness is calling "PREDATORY LENDERS, CONMEN and the NEW  CALIFORNIA GOLD RUSH , also known as REVERSE MORTGAGES." Carol Anthony will talk about her 80 year mother, a widow, who had paid ', '"WHEN MOM SIGNED ON THE DOTTED LINE, SHE FELT THE SALESMAN WAS A GOOD FRIEND: BUT HE WASN\'T"', 'their home mortgages and then fall victim to what one witness is calling "PREDATORY LENDERS, CONMEN and the NEW  CALIFORNIA GOLD RUSH , also known as REVERSE MORTGAGES." Carol Anthony will talk about her 80 year mother, a widow, who had paid ', "than that for this trip to pay off I don't being handed this would be devastating. But this is far from the  California gold rush  you can't go to green going to be it just it doesn't work. is just bad acts is certainly risky. Then again ", "being handed this would be devastating. But this is far from the California gold rush you can't go to green going to be -- it just it doesn't work. -- is just bad acts is certainly risky. ", 'Reporter: Getting lost like this in death valley has a nasty history. Legend has it the park got its name during the  california gold rush  when treasure seekers discovered the valley was a shortcut to the gold and the undertaker. But gps has added a ', 'nasty history. Legend has it the park got its name during the california gold rush when treasure seekers discovered the valley was a shortcut to the gold and the undertaker. But gps has added a cruel twist ']