['considered a contender for Hillary Clinton\'s replacement as senator from New York at one point, a position once held by  Robert F .  Kennedy . She withdrew from consideration because of a "private family matter." A book on the life of her uncle, Sen. Ted Kennedy ', "Newly released papers from  Robert F .  Kennedy 's tenure as U.S. attorney general offer a window into Kennedy's attorney general, closest adviser and confidant,  Robert F .  Kennedy  played a vital role in the Kennedy administration's policy ", 'Psychiatric Center, an imposing, fortress-like facility that\'s a familiar sight to travelers entering Manhattan on the  Robert F .  Kennedy  Bridge. His hopes were dashed when he saw the deplorable conditions inside. "Many other patients were heavily medicated ', 'brutality of the massacre, Congress voted to pass economic sanctions against China three weeks later. June 5 1968:  Bobby Kennedy  is Assassinated After winning the California primary, Sen. Robert Kennedy was fatally shot as he was exiting a stage ', 'previously went to a 2013 Lamborghini Aventador Roadster sold in March. The date with Cook and 146 other experiences benefit the  Robert F .  Kennedy  Center for Justice and Human Rights. The auction closed on Tuesday and raised a total of $1.1 million. The buyer wishes ', 'IRS No Stranger to High-Profile Scandals Involving Presidents, Civil Rights Leaders, Religious Groups', "target conservative groups' tax exemption status in order to halt their funding. Labor organizer Victor Reuther urged  Robert F .  Kennedy , who was attorney general at the time, to suppress the rise of conservative groups around the country in a memorandum ", 'charity with the highest bid most recently at $22,000. The internship , along with 137 other experiences, benefit the  Robert F .  Kennedy  Center for Justice and Human Rights. The auction, hosted on Charitybuzz.com, closes on May 14. According to the listing ', 'discovered to have been made with a stolen credit card. The date with Tim Cook, along with 137 other experiences, benefit the  Robert F .  Kennedy  Center for Justice and Human Rights. The auction closes on May 14 but the highest bid was already $605,000 as of last ', 'donated a coffee date with himself at the Apple campus to the  Robert F .  Kennedy  Center for Justice and Human Rights Spring 2013 Auction of the lunch? $50,000. This is the sixth year of the  RFK  Spring Auction. The proceeds go to the organization, which ', "abolitionists for the start of the civil war. He died in 1868. 1969: Sirhan Sirhan Receives Death Penalty On this day,  Robert F .  Kennedy 's assassin, Sirhan Sirhan was sentenced to the death penalty. Sirhan was a Palestinian immigrant who said he killed ", 'a man whose name graces nearly 1,000 laws and who penned more than 300 himself," Obama said.  Robert F .  Kennedy Robert Francis Kennedy , nicknamed Bobby, served as U.S. attorney general in 1960. Kennedy served under his brother ', 'findings soon, according to the Associated Press . Also arrested as part of the protest today were actress Daryl Hannah ,  Bobby Kennedy , Jr. and his son, Connor , famous for his short-lived relationship with pop princess Taylor Swift . Hannah, famous ', "Scholarship that's been done by these honorees are overlooked. But. Somewhere there have an impact. And it's like  Bobby Kennedy  talked about they create ripples of hope like stones. And elected an eminence and we never know exactly how. Or who ", "honorees are overlooked. But. Somewhere there have an impact. And it's like Bobby Kennedy talked about they create ripples of hope like stones. And elected an eminence and we never know exactly how. Or who will ", 'argument between marilyn and  robert f .  Kennedy  in which he claims she said popping around like a piece of meat and  robert f .  Kennedy  got a pillow, put it over her huge argument between her and  bobby kennedy  the day before she died, you ', "death. According to otash he overheard a violent argument between marilyn and robert f . Kennedy in which he claims she said popping around like a piece of meat and robert f . Kennedy got a pillow, put it over her head to keep her quiet. She calmed down and then he got out of there. Hours later, otash got a call saying that marilyn was dead. Reporter: Monroe's death was ruled a probable suicide from a drug overdose. In his notes he said I listened to marilyn monroe die. He didn't elaborate and kennedy has never been implicated or accused of wrongdoing. If he did hear a huge argument between her and bobby kennedy the day before she died, you have to wonder where the tapes are. Reporter: The lack of those recordings as well as ", "The final act in the stunning tragedy of  Robert Francis Kennedy  began this morning the ceremony in Saint Patrick's Cathedral here in New York City. Funeral train Laura's body from New York ", "The final act in the stunning tragedy of Robert Francis Kennedy began this morning the -- ceremony in Saint Patrick's Cathedral here in New York City. Funeral train Laura's body from New York ", 'Today return to that tragic day in 1968. in the early morning hours of June 5.  Robert F Kennedy  was gunned down the ambassador hotel in Los Angeles. As America watched and waited the young presidential hopeful clung to life ', "day in 1968. -- in the early morning hours of June 5. Robert F Kennedy was gunned down the ambassador hotel in Los Angeles. As America watched and waited the young presidential hopeful clung to life for more than a day. We take you now to an ABC news update on Kennedy's condition. Irregularly scheduled program will not be seen tonight so we may bring you this special report from ABC news. -- New ", "to block apartment.  Bobby Kennedy  was a little bit younger Doctor King insists the  Kennedys . Somebody who would doing what is right.  Bobby Kennedy  was one of the few white I'm done Kennedy and  Bobby Kennedy  and Martin and king ", "have felt long. Look fallen -- wants us Doctor King insists the Kennedys . Somebody who would speak truth to power. And there is this feeling that. Because He brings such an easy to. -- politics now. That that energy will translate. -- -- doing what is right. Bobby Kennedy was one of the few white men. Whom Black America trusted implicitly. We all grew up with a -- I'm done Kennedy and Bobby Kennedy and Martin and king. And -- all the while was Jesus when Martin Luther King was shot Bobby Kennedy helped calm the storm. You can be filled with bitterness. And with hatred. And a desire for revenge. Where we can make ", 'Triborough bridge it is being renamed  RFK  bridge in honor of Robert Kerry tried to name the bridge.  Robert F Kennedy  issue at that time Robert Moses instance in the last year the  RFK  center has. Helped get it gain because go to our website which is  RFK  center toddler and and been ', 'my dad died in 1968. Governor Kerry tried to name the bridge. Robert F Kennedy issue at that time Robert Moses was still around. -- -- Created the bridge that kind of a proprietary feeling about it ', "Kennedy under arrest is fighting back this morning.  Robert F Kennedy 's youngest son Douglas was caught on tape in a confrontation misunderstanding and perhaps this will go away for the  Kennedys  because this is supposed to be a wonderful time for ", "Kennedy under arrest is fighting back this morning. Robert F Kennedy's youngest son Douglas was caught on tape in a confrontation with a couple of maternity ward nurses trying to stop him from taking his newborn baby outside. ABC's Dan Cutler is here with the latest we have video to show an Afghan yeah absolutely be a lot people talking about this. Douglas Kennedy's wife was recovering from delivering by C section. What he decided his three day old son needed some pressure from the hospital "]