['People close to Libyan leader Muammar al-Qaddafi are looking for international help to negotiate his departure from power, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Cli...', 'RAS LANOUF, Libya -- Government forces drove hundreds of rebels from a strategic oil port with a withering rain of rockets and tank shells on Thursday, significantly...', 'President Obama said Monday that the U.S. and its NATO allies are still considering "potential military options" to stop the violence in Libya, warning those in Muam...', "Outgoing army chief David Richards has warned that attempts to impose a no-fly zone over Syria would lead to war, in an interview published in Thursday's Daily Teleg...", 'Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Sunday that nobody has "any idea" how long the United States military could be involved in Libya , though he stressed that Libyan...', 'U.S. Ending Its Air Support of No -Fly Zone  in Libya , Leaving NATO to Take Reins', 'The Pentagon is about to pull its attack planes out of the international air campaign in Libya, hoping NATO partners can take up the slack.The announcement Thursday ...', "UNITED NATIONS -- The U.N. Security Council scheduled closed talks Monday to discuss Libya's call for an emergency meeting of the U.N.'s most powerful body to halt w...", 'The United Nations Security Council approved a resolution Thursday evening authorizing a no-fly zone over Libya and other military action against Libya, as the Obama...', 'President on enforcement of U.N. resolution, coordinated  military  effort in  Libya', 'After missteps addressing Congressional concerns, President Obama has articulated clearly the goals, means and duration of the U.S. military action in Libya. Critics...', "WASHINGTON -- There may be less than meets the eye to President Barack Obama's statements Monday night that NATO is taking over from the United States in Libya and t...", 'A proposal to establish a no-fly zone over Libya has been introduced to the U.N. Security Council, though both its chance of passage and effectiveness even if it doe...', 'Pro-Qaddafi  Forces Step Up Attacks on Rebels  as U.S. Repositions Ships Near North Africa', "Libyan dictator Muammar al-Qaddafi's forces attacked rebels in two cities Monday in the face of international condemnation of his crackdown on the uprising, as the U...", 'Airstrikes  Against Libya  -- Welcome to the Brave New World of the Obama  Doctrine', 'Libya  at Risk of Civil War as International Community Aims to Isolate Muammar al-Qaddafi ', 'Increasingly violent clashes in Libya between armed anti-government rebels and forces loyal to Muammar al-Qaddafi threaten to escalate into a civil war, as the two s...', 'WASHINGTON -- The Pentagon is about to pull its attack planes out of the international air campaign in Libya, hoping NATO partners can take up the slack.The announce...', 'As Libyan opposition forces fight for their lives, President Obama negotiates at the United Nations . That is tragic, misguided, late, and risky.There are no more ex...']