["Now to those wildfires burning through parts of the west. We showed you new fires popping up in california overnight. And firefighters are still battling the most destructive wildfire in colorado history right now. Abc's clayton sandell has the latest from colorado springs, colorado. Good morning,", "around it. There is a little luck involved. Reporter: Some of the lucky ones are coming home. Feel like you dodged a bull bullet? More than one. We are so lucky. We know we are. It's -- Reporter: John and terry gardner are having disaster deja vu. One year ago the massive inferno near colorado springs destroyed their house. In hindsight there's things you wished you grabbed but they're gone. Reporter: They moved in with terry's parents in ", "Now to the historic wildfires tonight, still burning in colorado. Just look at thisore and after image tonight, all of that green in this neighborhood near colorado springs, those are trees and here's the after, giants areas of gray there, the trees wiped out by the fires. The most destructive in", "and after image tonight, all of that green in this neighborhood near colorado springs , those are trees and here's the after, giants areas of gray there, the trees wiped out by the fires. The most destructive ", "we're turn those deadly wildfires in Colorado now being called the worst and that's State's history. Two people are dead nearly 500 homes have been destroyed thousands forced to flee from the plains woman now anxiously waiting to see their homes are still standing. morning relief is finally in", "you know it's gonna take a lot more than just a little rain showered put the fires out themselves but. That bulls continue to see good weather helping firefighters out as we go to the weekend -- unless it looks like a lot going on the let me break it down for is some of the highlights. Rain continues through the weekend so not only today chances for rain but -- tomorrow and even Monday. And then you've got higher humidity levels that's a huge part of it. And the winds are much -- the only a little element that might hurt -- a few strikes of lightning because there's some severe storms east of Denver. We'll be watching that as we go through the weekend. That continued temperature drop also going to help Denver ", 'After fleeing from burning neighborhoods, thousands of people wonder about their homes.', "tens of thousands of families there is an unknown heading into the holiday weekend . Will they this is fast-moving. Just one home spared there. Trees covered in ash. Just the skelton of a home there. Then this, two people hugging, only the fireplace still standing tonight. And these mailboxes melted in an instant. Abc's clayton sandelleads us off near colorado springs . Firefighters locked in an epic battle . Today, a gift from the sky. The weather, helping quench this mont strous fire that's killed two people, destroyed 400 homes and turned entire neighborhoods into charred waste lands . I thought last night was a success. To me, it was kind of that turning point weave been looking for. Reporter: The ", 'PHOTO: Randal Crosley and Joran Buskirk was taken into custody after police said they found a female body believed to be missing teenager Katelyn Wolfe, Green County Colorado, June 10 2013.', 'PHOTO: Randal Crosley and Joran Buskirk was taken into custody after police said they found a female body believed to be missing teenager Katelyn Wolfe, Green County Colorado, June 10 2013.', 'PHOTO: An aircraft lays down a line of fire retardant between a wildfire and homes in the dry, densely wooded Black Forest area northeast of Colorado Springs, Colo., June 13, 2013.', 'PHOTO: An aircraft lays down a line of fire retardant between a wildfire and homes in the dry, densely wooded Black Forest area northeast of Colorado Springs, Colo., June 13, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Blackened areas defines the indiscriminate path of a wildfire that destroyed some homes and left others untouched in one neighborhood in the densely wooded Black Forest area northeast of ...', 'PHOTO: Blackened areas defines the indiscriminate path of a wildfire that destroyed some homes and left others untouched in one neighborhood in the densely wooded Black Forest area northeast of Colorado Springs, Colo., on June 13, 2013.', 'Raging flames have sent tens of thousands of people racing out of the danger zone.', "Those wildfires in colorado raging out of control. The flames torching hundreds of homes now. They sent tens of thousands of people racing from the danger zone to safety, wherever they can find it. And abc's clayton sandell is there, on the front lines, in colorado springs , colorado . Good morning, clayton. r: GOOD MORNING, JOSH. Overnight, this entire neighborhood was told to evacuate. 38,000 people are now out of their ", 'Firefighters still battling a wall of flames as thousands are forced out of their homes.', "destructive wildfire ever. And we have right now 360 homes that are complete losses . Reporter: These just a few of the many homes now burned to the ground. This was ted robertson's house that last time he saw it. When he came back, he found this. I have never lived through anything like this. Reporter: Now, military has joined the battle. Give me some water! Reporter: Firefighters from the air force academy just up the road, stomping flames on the ground. Planes and blackhawk helicopters bombing hotspots from above. 41,000 people under mont tear orders to evacuate. This is one of the houses in danger. You can ", "Major battle to raging wildfires outwest back under control. Million dollar homes burning down and thousand of properties in the danger zone. The military called in, and abc's clayton san dell hdell has the latest from colorado springs, colorado. Reporter: You see a brand new roadblock because", "called in, and abc's clayton san dell hdell has the latest from colorado springs , colorado . Reporter: You see a brand new roadblock because overnight the evacuation area has expanded and in some neighborhoods this erratic fire is ", 'From chicago and that storm we head to colorado springs where tonight all eyes are on wildfires, homes destroyed and thousands of families on the move. Clayton sandell has the very latest from there. Reporter: Hot dry winds are fanning seven fires, the worst blowing up and forcing evacuations over 50 square miles. Reporter: Walls of flame from the black forest fire near colorado springs are taking out million-dollar homes. Every house on this street gone. At this point, I would not be surprised if we crossed ', 'a firefighter, one small act amid overwhelming destruction. Clayton sandell, abc news, colorado springs . ', 'VIDEO: Officials detail their progress containing massive 8,000-acre wildfire raging in Colorado.', 'VIDEO: Officials detail their progress containing massive 8,000-acre wildfire raging in Colorado.', 'Officials detail their progress containing massive 8,000-acre wildfire raging in Colorado.', 'east today move into the south. And then. Just depending on what weather reports -- Sean. We anticipate those winds are gonna double back and could push the fire back to the west again. By mid ', 'An 8,000-acre wildfire has already burned dozens of homes and forced 6,000 to evacuate.', 'forced thousands of people to evacuate so quickly. Clayton sandell is in colorado springs , colorado . Good morning, clayton. Reporter: Good morning, george. Police have a huge area blocked off around this fire. About 6,000 people are evacuated, ', 'Dozens of homes northeast of Colorado Springs burned and winds fueled three other fires in Colorado.', '-- -- -- -- destructive wildfire engulfing million dollar homes in the Colorado Rockies as many as sixty homes have been damaged or burned to the ground thousands of families have been forced to flee and ', 'PHOTO: Jordan Buskirk and Randal Crosley were taken into custody after police said they found a female body believed to be missing teenager Katelyn Wolfe, Green County Colorado, June 10 2013.', 'PHOTO: Jordan Buskirk and Randal Crosley were taken into custody after police said they found a female body believed to be missing teenager Katelyn Wolfe, Green County Colorado, June 10 2013.']