['rulers in this  Palestinian  territory have their coverage of  Gaza \'s Islamist leaders.  Hamas  Attorney General he closed the  Gaza  Strip bureaus Al Arabiya and  West Bank -based outlet that "harm the  Palestinian  national interest ', "officials in  Palestinian  President Mahmoud to power in  Palestinian  parliament elections later, after  Hamas  overran  Gaza  and assumed confined to the  West Bank . After Morsi did not open  Gaza 's only gate world as wide as  Hamas  had hoped ", 'Israel  so long as  settlement  construction possible Israeli  settlement  slowdown and releasing veteran  Palestinian  prisoners state in the  West Bank ,  Gaza  Strip and east territories  Israel  captured in lines. Two  Palestinian  officials said Islamic militant  Hamas  group that does ', "construction in the  West Bank  and east Jerusalem to safeguard  Israel 's security said Sunday that  Israel  has made no concessions without a ( settlement ) freeze and baseline. For  Israel , one of the of unilateral  Palestinian  action at the Palestine in the  West Bank ,  Gaza  and east Jerusalem ", 'shuttling from Jordan to  Israel  and the  West Bank  to cajole Israeli Prime Benjamin Netanyahu and  Palestinian  President Mahmoud Abbas There were no Israeli or  Palestinian  officials at his side Yuval Steinitz, went on  Israel  radio to say that some ', 'a freeze on  settlement  building and evening, the  Palestinian  leadership balked borders between a  Palestinian  state and  Israel captured the  West Bank ,  Gaza  Strip and east Jerusalem.  Israel  rejects preconditions the Israeli- Palestinian  conflict, including settlements in the  West Bank  and east Jerusalem In  Gaza ,  Hamas  spokesman Sami ', 'JERUSALEM -  Palestinian  and Israeli officials between Jordan and the  West Bank , meeting with Arab and  Palestinian  leaders. Kerry did earlier on Friday, " Israel  can never return to Zev Elkin also told  Israel  Radio on Friday that ', 'helicopter to the  West Bank  town of Ramallah West Bank ,  Gaza  Strip and east withdrew from  Gaza  in 2005.  Israel the fate of  Palestinian  refugees. Netanyahu settlements in the  West Bank  and east Jerusalem said that if  Israel  accepts the Majdalani, a  Palestinian  leader, said not include a  settlement  freeze, it ', '1967 Mideast war, amid vigorous Israeli objections. The EU holds that Jewish settlements in territories such as the  West Bank  and east Jerusalem are illegal. The Palestinians want some of those territories for their hoped-for state. After EU ', 'The  Palestinian  leadership in the  West Bank  is discussing U. S. Secretary efforts to relaunch peace talks with  Israel . Kerry has not publicized his plan Jordan, had a lengthy meeting with  Palestinian  President Mahmoud Abbas this week ', 'Israeli settlements on the  West Bank . Regent Richard Blum Israeli settlements on the  West Bank , and authoring a resolution person." The Israeli- Palestinian  conflict has been an complaint alleging that pro- Palestinian  campus events have created ', 'top aides on his trip.  Israel  is not currently on Kerry\'s restarting the Israeli- Palestinian  talks. "The Arab delegates refused to negotiate unless  Israel  halts all construction in  West Bank  settlements.  Israel  has refused, saying negotiations ', "removing  Hamas  from power confined to the  West Bank . And 3 o'clock minister and  Hamas  leader issued Palestinians in the  Gaza  a better Unity the  Palestinian  land in the  West Bank  the  Gaza  Strip and acknowledging  hamas ' authority peace between  Israel  and the Palestinians talks. The  Palestinian  people are ", "America has pledged to support the embattled government of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. No more sanctions no more diplomatic embargo we intend to lift our financial restrictions on the Palestinian government. Which is accepted previous agreements with Israel . And rejects the path of violence sanctions were put in place last year after legislative elections that Hamas won in a landslide. The United States considers Hamas a terrorist organization and cut ties with the Palestinian government. But last week the partnership between Abbas Fatah Party and Hamas fell apart when Hamas staged a violent takeover of the Gaza Strip. Abbas dissolved the government removing Hamas from power but Fatah has been confined to the West Bank . And 3 o'clock. Deposed prime minister and Hamas leader issued a -- media promised Palestinians in the Gaza a better future and quote. Unity -- the Palestinian land in the West Bank the Gaza Strip and Jerusalem. Abbas government is not acknowledging hamas' authority. The United States hopes to broker peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Israeli prime minister Ehud -- mayor is in Washington for talks. The Palestinian people are gonna have to make choices. About whom they support and we ought to support the emergency government -- -- fourth president of boss. But the Palestinian population is split now with the -- government open to discussions about Israel and Hamas unwilling to recognize Israel's right to exist. In Washington my equity ABC news. ", "Israeli and  palestinian  leaders agreed then to the  west bank , back to jerusalem bombardment and  hamas  rockets. Prospects cease fire in  gaza  for it to hold in jerusalem,  israel 's leaders briefed bus bombing in  israel  since 2006, in saying that  israel  can't go on ", "racing in from came bode ya, first, to jerusalem, then to the west bank , back to jerusalem and finally cairo, in search of a ceasefire. All day, a truce negotiated by israeli bombardment and hamas rockets. Prospects seemed bleak until the announcement. U.S. Welcomes the agreement today for a cease fire in gaza for it to hold the rocket attacks must end a broader calm return. Reporter: The gunfire in gaza turned to bursts of celebration. But in jerusalem, israel's leaders briefed the nation on the deal, grim faced. A deal which seemed beyond reach this morning. The first bus bombing in israel since 2006, in the heart of tel aviv, across the street from the defense ministry. We found a bus cleaved open -- and anger. This eyewitness told me he thought it was a rocket, saying that israel can't go on like this, that it must invade gaza . More than 20 wounded by what police say was an ied and the suspect, still at large. Even with the ceasefire, all the guns weren't silenced. As many as 20 rockets fired out of gaza hours after the deal was inked. Now, so far, israel has not responded. In the short-term, the cease-fire means that all sides including other factions in gaza stop all fire and if it lasts over the next couple of days, we could see a gradual easing of israel's blo cade on the gaza strip. ", 'jerusalem, cairo and  gaza . All day rumors of and the leaflets.  Israel  dropping thousands carts and rickshaws as  israel  pounded away at rocket soaring there and in the  west bank , where palestinians checkpoint here between  israel  and the  west bank', "a midnight meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu. America's commitment to israel security is rock solid and unwavering. That is why we belie it is essential to de-escalate the situation in gaza . The goal must be a durable outcome to promote regional stability and advances the security and legitimate aspirations of israelis and palestinians alike. Reporter: The secretary of state now in the eye of this deadly storm, with breakneck meetings of all the major players in jerusalem, cairo and gaza . All day rumors of peace flew, but so did the rockets and the leaflets. Israel dropping thousands of them warning some 200,000 gazans to flee homes that could be bombed. And they fled with mattresses and luggage piled high on donkey carts and rickshaws as israel pounded away at rocket launchers. A lot still remaining in harm's way. Anger soaring there and in the west bank , where palestinians tossed stones protesting the raids, battling israeli troops. We just have to get back into our cab here because we got tear gassed. The clash is spilling over right into the checkpoint here between israel and the west bank . The fighting is exacting an excruciating cost, nearly 150 palestinians and 4 israelis dead. And tonight, over 3.5 million israelis remain in rocket range, cowering from ceaseless sirens and the spray of shrapnel. Nearly 140 rockets lobbed into israel in the past few hours palacing through homes in israel's southern city of beer sheva and 60 miles north, in a tel aviv suburb. Those in rocket range refuse to return to the status quo. Stop firing in 48 hours and then for next week the same thing happened. Reporter: Israeli officials are telling me secretary clinton will hear a lot of that sentiment, israel's unwillingness to settle for anything more than a long hi-term cease-f cease-fire. George, both sides are dug in. So there's still much to work through. All right, thanks, matt. To alex marquardt in gaza . Alex, there was some hope a cease-fire might be taking hold but that bombing has not stopped all day where you are. ", 'week is gazans defending themself and see the u.S. Completely siding with israel . So while they would like to see a cease-fire they say true peace cannot come along until israel stops targeting people in the gaza strip and that blockade of gaza is lifted. George? Alex, thanks very much. ', "groups in  Gaza  we've reached Between  Israel  and  Hamas recent days a  Hamas  official president of the  Palestinian  Authority which runs the  West Bank .  Hamas  the militant runs the  Gaza  Strip so talking about.  Israel 's blockade Hamas  and the  Palestinian  Authority ", "president this morning is meeting with Mahmoud Abbas the president of the Palestinian Authority which runs the West Bank . Hamas the militant group runs the Gaza Strip so there's an argument to be made. As an analyst it to me earlier this morning that this is -- is -- way of saying her -- way of saying rather. We are here why aren't you talking about -- wanted to talk about -- -- you talking about. Israel's blockade of Gaza so there's a lot of work to be done to bring both Hamas and the Palestinian Authority together but of course even more work to be done. -- gets Israel and the Palestinians back to negotiating table let alone finding. Final peace agreement. All right -- Mark -- and that work is ", "bombings. He blames  Palestinian  society but glorify battle against  Israel  here spends 3 In a central  Gaza  refugee camp recently killed by  Israel . that. It would rights will make  Hamas  carry out operations rockets into  Israel . father of the On the Jewish  settlement  in the  West Bank  colonel He's ", "Gaza's northern most city -- kind of invaded by Israeli army. Watching the battle unfold from the stairwell little block of flats occupied by a -- not -- a must street. He used to work inside Israel and says he still has Israeli friends who -- him up but he's not encouraging his children to think in the same way. You ready -- not you know. Not great not the party lineup. Because -- but it does the citizen who belong to Israel and on this can't -- of this -- ambivalent this -- -- -- -- big man. But that this. -- disorder because. ", 'for old too many -- until the -- -- armed struggle against Israel is. Ever since the second Intifada erupted in late 2000 children have become both fighters. And -- symbols of propaganda. These pictures ', "and -- killed more fables. Like this this episode. The battle against Israel here spends 3 generations. In a central Gaza refugee camp. Up -- -- who runs the fighting to settle for the mainstream Fatah movement's Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades. He -- his techniques from his own -- also recently killed by Israel . -- that. It would a -- buses this -- is the killing himself if -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- And on the street outside his home it's easy to find you get a new recruits. Yeah. Sandy. If they don't give us all rights will make Hamas -- -- carry out operations. Yeah and anywhere else these boys would probably want to be famous football -- and even played ", "been divisions in  Gaza  and in the  Palestinian West Bank  where the violence why the US is now  Hamas  rival Fatah. It's the Palestinians and  Israel  But can also was on the ground in the  Palestinian  territories and obviously ", "Middle East for years to come. There have always been divisions in Gaza and in the Palestinian West Bank where the violence could spread. Those divisions have deepened and as in Iraq and Lebanon international foresees our play. -- is supported by Syria and has received financial -- choose from Iran. It needs -- help because much of the rest of the world views it as a terrorist organization. That's why the US is now -- Hamas -- rival Fatah. It's promised millions of dollars to -- security forces. Factor is also reported to be receiving weapons from Arab states -- US and Israeli agreement. The -- the name the US secretary of state joined international diplomats who were trying to achieve peace between the Palestinians and Israel -- But can also was on their minds active assistance expressed our concern about events on the ground in the Palestinian territories and obviously. Innocent people are being caught up in this violence and it needs to stop. Washington though it would presumably ", "civilians inside  israel ? Translator how many  palestinian  civilians Reporter:  Hamas  is a militant popular vote in  gaza . It's popularity in the  west bank  and does not recognize  israel 's right the head of  hamas . In a situation occupation. The  settlement  ends and rackets from  gaza  into  israel splinter  palestinian  group took ", 'Well, tonight, the guns of gaza and israel have gone silent, for now. A hard won and desperately fragile cease-fire is in place, on paper, between israel and palestinians have been schilling each other for days and threatening a wider, bloodier war. In gaza tonight, celebrations as israel agreed to end air strikes that have killed more than 160 people. For israel , a promise of no more rocket fire from gaza and attempted incursions from there, but on the ground, there are already signs now that the peace may not be holding. So, we begin our coverage of the cease-fire with matt gutman in tel aviv. Reporter: It took eight bloody days, more than 160 palestinians killed and israeli bombardment and six israel littles killed from some 1,500 palestinian rockets. But tonight, a cease-fire, as terrified civilians on both sides breathe a cautious sigh of relief. The egyptians who worked to ', 'move this process. Reporter: In a synchronized statement an hour later in israel , prime minister benjamin netanyahu cautiously endorsed the plan, thanks secretary clinton and president obama, and blaming iran for arming hamas . Hamas declared victory sand saying, "we won this round and netanyahu lost in his first war ever. In six months time, we will have more strength and longer range and more accurate missiles." On the palestinian side, the truce was met with jubilation, celebratory gun fire in the gaza strip. On the israeli side, grim-faced israeli leaders briefed the country about this deal. And just hours after they did that, nearly two dozen rockets lobbed from gaza into israel la landed, increasing the skepticism. One israeli official says this is quiet for quiet, nothing more and doubt it will last two ', "hero to many palestinians. And a terrorist to israelis. The leader of hamas . A new power player in the world, and abc's christiane amanpour is in cairo. She's got an exclusive interview. Reporter: Terry, cairo has been the scene of frantic shuttle diplomacy today. U.S. Cemetery of state hillary clinton as well as the u.N. Chief have been here. They will not talk to hamas , because hamas is considered by the u.S. And israel and much of the west as a terrorist organization. So, when you hear about the man who the egyptian president is negotiating with on behalf of israel , it's this man that i spoke to today. And we had a fiery exchange about civilian casualties, both recognize israel's right to exist. Anyone looking for a sign that the arab spring has changed the middle east can find it here. The cease-fire would not have happened without this man. But for decades, he's bun one of israel's most hated enemies. They've tried to kill him and they consider him a terrorist. Today, he was unapologetic for the actions that his group has taken. Is it useful to kill civilians to create terror on civilians inside israel ? Translator: Let me -- let me give you the proof. On the 8th of november, this month, the israelis entered gaza and killed a child. They bear the responsibility. We don't target the civilians. I don't like to shed any blood -- any drop of blood. Reporter: Do you consider how many palestinian civilians are being killed because of your actions? Translator: It is not because of our action. We are defending our people and our land. Reporter: Hamas is a militant islamic party that won the popular vote in gaza . It's gaining popularity in the west bank and does not recognize israel's right to exist. Translator: How can I accept israel ? They have occupied my land. I need recognition, not the israelis. Reporter: He is a kind of storied figure in middle east, because israel littles tried to ASSASSINATE HIM IN THE '90s IN Jordan. Translator: But god saved me when they tried to assassinate me. Reporter: King hussein saved you. Allah saved me. Reporter: Seven years later, he became the head of hamas . In a situation where the palestinians have, for years, seemed to lack real leadership and divided against themselves in many cases, meshaal "]