['VIDEO: Mother of Coy Mathis ?extremely happy? her daughter will be treated equally after Colorado ruling.', 'VIDEO: Mother of Coy Mathis ?extremely happy? her daughter will be treated equally after Colorado ruling.', 'Mother of Coy Mathis "extremely happy" her daughter will be treated equally after Colorado ruling.', "side elementary we want this case to end here. Boy is going back to school at a new school where she can meet new friends and move on with her life. We're hoping that this is the end point in the school chooses to fight on their many layers and levels of appeal. We will continue this TV and because boy is going to be a public school students in this -- And we're going to do everything we can to ensure that today's decision remains the law of the land ", 'Coy Mathis, a 6-year-old transgender girl who was banned from her first-grade bathroom has won a statewide legal case in Colorado, the first in the nation that protects the rights of transgender children. Coy, born a triplet, had been home schooled since last December, when school officials told', "stand against wildfires spreading across the state, spreading across the state, including south fork . Which was in national lampoon's vacation. We are there. Reporter: Overnight, fire fighters called in new reinfor reinforcements. Today, two planes like these from the california air national guard will swoop into the smokey skies. They churn out 3,000 gallons of water or fire retardant in five seconds. They'll help knock down the dozen blazes that have torched 133 square miles of colorado mountains. The entire town of south fork , 400 residents are evacuated. Flames are moving closer, but the homes have been spared. That would not burn in the aspen. That's by south fork . Reporter: Fires in new mexico and arizona. Residents got news they could go home. I didn't expect it. I thought they were ", 'Thousands of acres from Colorado to California burned to ash, displacing families.', "seasons are becoming the new normal. It's partly because more people are building homes in overgrown forest areas like this. But scientists say it's also made a lot worse by climate change . Climate experts blame extreme drought and global temperatures running hotter than average every single month for 28 years straight. Research shows wildfires are already burning bigger and more often. On ", 'PHOTO: Tree stumps burn off of Burgess Road as crews battle the Black Forest fire June 13, 2013 near Colorado Springs, Colo.', 'PHOTO: Tree stumps burn off of Burgess Road as crews battle the Black Forest fire June 13, 2013 near Colorado Springs, Colo.']