['thought to be the blame for the accident. 3. Future of  Gaza Blockade  Uncertain Israeli leaders flew to Cairo yesterday for talks on easing a blockade in  Gaza , but the discussions have left the future of the blockade ', "that have blanketed  Gaza  in the past week. Hamas normalcy returned to  Gaza  Thursday morning, with an end to Israel's  blockade of Gaza  and targeted assassinations firing rockets from  Gaza  into Israel. Other easing of Israel's  blockade of Gaza  since it shut off the ", 'kites flew above a northern  Gaza  beach on Thursday, breaking record that had bested the  Gaza  record set last summer. As follow Friday. "The tiny  Gaza , David defeated the massive Israel has had a land and sea  blockade of Gaza  since Hamas took over in 2007 ', 'fact, in some ways hostile to Israel, and urged the administration to pressure the Israeli government to ease the  blockade of Gaza . A very big mistake. We should not be pressuring the Israeli government to make them-- security concessions ', 'late Saturday bound for the  Gaza  Strip with 2,000 tons of breaking its three-year naval  blockade of Gaza , which remains in place despite intercepted a much larger  flotilla  of Turkish aid vessels , an all commercial products into  Gaza  by land, save for a specific purpose. "We are headed for  Gaza . We will not change direction ', "May's fatal Israeli raid against a  flotilla  of Turkish ships bound for  Gaza  in which Israeli commandos killed nine also face questions over Israel's  blockade of Gaza  . Israel has significantly relaxed the years as a prisoner of Hamas in the  Gaza  Strip. His parents are halfway through ", 'crossing between Israel and the  Gaza  Strip. Things will surely a call from a merchant in  Gaza  City who hired him to pick starting to improve in the  Gaza  Strip in some respects. The that the decision to ease the  blockade of the Gaza Strip , which was approved by the ', "ease its controversial  blockade of the Gaza Strip . The move comes amid Turkish backed aid  flotilla  in which nine Turkish civilian goods enter  Gaza  and expand the inflow Hamas's armed takeover of  Gaza , Israel in 2007 imposed affect Israel's naval  blockade of Gaza . The anticipated increase ", 'plan for relaxing the  Gaza blockade . Discussions were started of a Turkish backed aid  flotilla  which resulted in the could be used by Hamas in  Gaza  to build its military Israel To Weigh Easing  Gaza Blockade  Dr Abdullah Kishawi ', 'Palestinians in the  Gaza  Strip, desperate for medical Israeli commandos captured a  flotilla  of six ships in a bloody fight humanitarian crisis?\'\' The  Gaza  Strip\'s public health system worth of medical equipment into  Gaza . \'\'In the second largest get help," he said. The  Gaza blockade  has been criticized internationally ', "Coming Up on 'This Week' ... Adm. Thad Allen, Sen. John Kerry and Sen. John Cornyn", 'announced the three year old land  blockade of Gaza  will be eased. More food and building which civilian goods. May into the  Gaza  Strip. The blockade was imposed materials have been banned two much of  Gaza  looking like days. Desperately need ', 'last month. The Government of Israel announced the three year old land blockade of Gaza will be eased. More food and building materials are now permitted and Simon McGregor wood -- veteran correspondent in Jerusalem tells us ', "blockade of Gaza  and deliver that the aid  flotilla  was it was blockade on  Gaza  as always we Israel's continued  blockade of Gaza  and wants to against the  Gaza blockade  and believes the Israeli  blockade of Gaza . And he believes ", "observer up. And the Washington is increasingly frustrated. With -- Israel's continued blockade of Gaza and wants to see it relaxed. Okay our first guest is Peter -- an -- he's a journalist he's author of the licorice and drama history of American hubris. And he's also the Schwartz senior fellow at the New America Foundation he is against the Gaza blockade and believes the Israeli embargo has a broader and more sinister purpose. To impoverish the people of Gaza and turn them against Hamas mister -- joins us live from the ABC news Washington bureau. And our second guest is more inclined -- national president of these Zionist Organization of America he supports the Israeli blockade of Gaza And he believes that Gaza under Hamas as a hostile entity that's waging war on Israel. And that Israel is well within its rights to impose restrictions on Gaza mr. Klein joins us from right here at the ABC news studios in New York. Thank you mr. Klein and you say that not only is it right but it is also -- duty is that correct. -- of course. Israel is dealing with a belligerent. Enemy called Hamas -- on the US terrorist -- is on the European your union terraces and they controlled Gaza they openly state in their charter state that they when Israel destroyed him. And they -- every Jew killed frankly. All Israel is doing is saying we will allow all foods medicine and other stops to go to Gaza as they've done. By allowing hundreds a hundred trucks are more thousands of tons of these foods medicines. And clothing get into Gaza they just want to check to ships to make sure. That Iran is -- able to bring thousands of additional -- weapons missiles and rockets and Israel into Gaza for Hamas used against -- civilians that's all they want. They went all the foodstuffs and humanitarian aid to get there and it is getting there they just want to make sure that it's no rockets and missiles -- Gaza and especially when the ship and was controlled by IHH. Which is a terrorist group according to France the United States Israel ", "two rockets were fired from  Gaza  into the southern part of Israel any other militant groups in  Gaza  we've reached out to Hamas the militant group runs the  Gaza  Strip so there's an argument talking about. Israel's  blockade of Gaza  so there's a lot of work ", "Authority which runs the West Bank. Hamas the militant group runs the Gaza Strip so there's an argument to be made. As an analyst it to me earlier this morning that this is -- is -- way of saying her -- way of saying rather. We are here why aren't you talking about -- wanted to talk about -- -- you talking about. Israel's blockade of Gaza so there's a lot of work to be done to bring both Hamas and the Palestinian Authority together but of course even ", 'de-escalate the situation in  gaza . The goal must be a durable players in jerusalem, cairo and  gaza . All day rumors of peace flew matt. To alex marquardt in  gaza . Alex, there was some hope in the  gaza  strip and that  blockade of gaza  is lifted. George? Alex ', 'true peace cannot come along until israel stops targeting people in the gaza strip and that blockade of gaza is lifted. George? Alex, thanks very much. ', 'us military and defense services and hacker group anonymous have posted a video Friday. Threatening attack if the  blockade of Gaza  continues. It newly discovered interview with apple founder Steve Jobs will be shown in select movie theaters next ', 'hacker group anonymous have posted a video Friday. Threatening attack if the blockade of Gaza continues. It newly discovered interview with apple founder Steve Jobs will be shown in select movie theaters next week Steve jumping -- ', 'commandos storm a  flotilla . Carrying supplies to the  Gaza  Strip. Controversial tonight to lift its  blockade of Gaza . After a deadly clash so called freedom  flotilla . Six ships in the humanitarian. Aid for  Gaza . And 700 activists Israeli forces had the  flotilla  turned back. You controversial three year  blockade of Gaza . The carried cement ', "twenty -- Good evening Israel is under pressure tonight to lift its blockade of Gaza . After a deadly clash in international waters. The united nations Security Council held an emergency session asking Israel to explain its use of force. And the European Union condemned the violence and demanded an impartial inquiry. The Israeli military say they were simply defending themselves. But supporters of Gaza believe this was an aggressive act designed to prevent supplies from reaching those in desperate need -- Who's to blame. Jim shooter has our report. Within a few short. Don't lose the -- blues lost his really noticed it tuned into my -- battleground. More mobile and portable formative and -- First contact just before midnight when the Israeli navy intercepted the so called freedom flotilla . Six ships in the convoy were carrying 101000 tons of humanitarian. Aid for Gaza . And 700 activists including at least six Americans. They were met by Israeli patrol boats helicopters and navy commanders. Israeli forces had -- the flotilla turned back. You are approaching an area all hostilities. Which is under naval blockade. Of the -- refused. -- Israeli commandos boarded ", "convoy left with the express intent of breaking Israel's controversial three year blockade of Gaza . The carried cement pre fabricated houses and medical equipment. Things rarely allowed in by Israel for their -- the Israelis always said the ships would be turned away. And three Israeli naval missile boats had left northern Israel last night planning to intercept the flotilla . Did not blame -- -- as music and so on board spread so did the -- You have to stop Israel from ", "Israel fact in some hostile to Israel and urged the administration to pressure the Israeli government to ease the  blockade of Gaza . A very big mistake we should not be. Pressuring the Israeli government to make Security concessions they'll ", "and urged the administration to pressure the Israeli government to ease the blockade of Gaza . A very big mistake we should not be. Pressuring the Israeli government to make -- Security concessions they'll make the concessions as "]