['Tape format:   Please send DigiBeta or Beta SP only.   Tape should not contain more than one commercial message.    Spots should be sent in Standard Definition.   2 Tapes per each commercial. ', 'Tapes are held for 60 days after the run of schedule and then destroyed unless otherwise \tnotified. ', 'Tapes must include:  Slate (with title of commercial, isci code, length, and advertiser name) and :10 seconds \tof black preceding the commercial.  Audio must be in MONO only.  Commercial length must be divisible by \t:05 seconds to the exact frame.  Language spoken on commercial must be Spanish.  Please fade to black \tat the end of the commercial.   Physical label information on tape must match information on commercial \tslate. ', 'FTP Transfer:\tCommercials can be sent electronically via a FTP transfer.  Please contact Damien Jones at damien.jones@turner.com to receive a log-in and password for the Turner FTP site.', 'Spots must be uploaded in a Quick Time-compatible format such as Mpeg-4, DV, Motion JPEG or uncompressed video.  We do NOT accept AVI, Windows Media or image sequence files such as Targa.  Send only full resolution NTSC (720 x 486).  PAL material will be converted to NTSC upon ingest.  Audio may be encoded in any major format.  Video must include a short slate with advertiser, spot title, agency and length.   Once spot has been sent, please notify Damien Jones by email.  He will confirm once spot has been received.  For security and storage needs, materials will be deleted from the FTP server 10 days after upload.', 'For confirmation of tape or electronic receipt: Mediacenter.sales@turner.com (404) 878-0179. ', 'Date, Network, Advertiser, Product, Flight Dates, Commercial length, Ad-ID/ISCI code, Rotation, Traffic contact name and phone number should be on the instructions, along with language spoken on the commercial. ', 'Agency must designate on written traffic instructions if the tapes are to be returned at the end of the schedule. ', 'Contact Ad-ID Customer Service @ (704) 501-4410 with questions regarding Ad-ID codes. ', 'Should be clean  logo. Please provide :05 agency script  tagline. Complete billboard will consist of :05 program text, plus :05 agency script, totaling :10. Only Spanish  accepted. If providing moving  billboards/sponsorship credits (see commercial tape requirements), it must be  ready to air. Billboard will not be  edited or cut from commercial spots.  Billboard must be exactly :10 with no voiceover. Billboard taglines must adhere to network  guidelines. All scripts must be approved  prior to production.', 'Commercials and written instructions must be in Atlanta 5 business days in advance of the first airdate.', 'Material deadlines for spots sent via FTP are the same as those sent through the mail.', 'All advertising/billboards/sponsorship credits must comply with all applicable legislation and regulations.']