["elections that  Hamas  won in a landslide government removing  Hamas  from power but  Fatah  has been confined to the  West Bank . And 3 o'clock minister and  Hamas  leader issued Unity the  Palestinian  land in the  West Bank  the  Gaza Strip  and Jerusalem ", "America has pledged to support the embattled government of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. No more sanctions no more diplomatic embargo we intend to lift our financial restrictions on the Palestinian government. Which is accepted previous agreements with Israel. And rejects the path of violence sanctions were put in place last year after legislative elections that Hamas won in a landslide. The United States considers Hamas a terrorist organization and cut ties with the Palestinian government. But last week the partnership between Abbas Fatah Party and Hamas fell apart when Hamas staged a violent takeover of the Gaza Strip . Abbas dissolved the government removing Hamas from power but Fatah has been confined to the West Bank . And 3 o'clock. Deposed prime minister and Hamas leader issued a -- media promised Palestinians in the Gaza a better future and quote. Unity -- the Palestinian land in the West Bank the Gaza Strip and Jerusalem. Abbas government is not acknowledging hamas' authority. The United States hopes to broker peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Israeli prime minister Ehud -- mayor is in Washington for talks. The Palestinian people are gonna have to make choices. About whom they support and we ought to support the emergency government -- -- fourth president of boss. But the Palestinian population is split now with the -- government open to discussions about Israel and Hamas unwilling to recognize Israel's right to exist. In Washington my equity ABC news. ", "Overseas  Egypt  says  Hamas  and Israel have violence in the  Gaza Strip . ABC's Simon worked out between  Hamas  and Israel Two parties exchange. Hundreds of  Palestinian  prisoners would people of Gaza since  Hamas  took over have been ", 'the second phase is deceased -- negotiations for prisoner exchange. Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners would have to it that so that He eventually did this these thoughtful ride ticket. Now if there is a halt to these rocket attacks this will be a whole new reality now. It certainly will but it for the people who live in the border communities on the Israeli defensive effort almost daily attacks -- David is now particularly in and I took control of the -- -- And it goes to the people of Gaza since Hamas took over have been suffering. -- the Israeli imposed blockade fuel supplies racial movement is very short. But it -- the both ', "this evening. Israeli and  palestinian  leaders agreed to a truce to jerusalem, then to the  west bank , back to jerusalem and finally by israeli bombardment and  hamas  rockets. Prospects seemed israel's blo cade on the  gaza strip .", 'The white house is calling the truce tenuous this evening. Israeli and palestinian leaders agreed to a truce after eight days, more than 1300 rockets. 145 people killed. A welcome development for secretary of state ', 'Militant group  Hamas  which has been taken over the  Gaza Strip . We asked Here in the  West Bank  headquarters in Ramallah the  Palestinian  president he The helpless  Palestinian  President Mahmoud in Gaza on  Hamas  TV. This multimillion ', "Militant group Hamas which has been labeled a terrorist group by the US government has virtually taken over the Gaza Strip . We asked our correspondent wolf -- to give us a sense of how the situation got to this point. What it all means. Here in the West Bank headquarters in Ramallah the Palestinian president he is increasingly isolated cut off from all the events in Gaza. And he's in a series of emergency meetings now trying to figure out what to do next. The helpless Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas who represents -- -- Likely watched his major government buildings being -- run in Gaza on Hamas TV. This multimillion dollar security building paid for by the US. Now in the hands of Hamas . And historic moment for Palestinians. It is over for (%expletive) up in -- -- thought that was the party of Yasser Arafat ", 'the Middle East. The Palestinians held free and fair elections last year Hamas ran for office and won a majority in parliament. But the US ignored the results because Hamas refused to renounce violence or recognize the State of Israel Hamas was isolated angering many Palestinians. So Hamas supporters took to the streets to fight for control and today they have secured all the main government buildings in -- Lots of questions now about this new reality how -- Israel. And the US treat Hamas in Gaza will they completely cut off that place and does that mean that the Palestinians there. Will do without that much needed international aid like food and medicine. And -- Hamas and thought to be able to get along again to create some sort of new government for the Palestinian people. A complicated new reality here. -- to make ABC news Ramallah. ', 'pounding the  gaza strip . Part of chief for  hamas . The islamic governs the  gaza strip , which israel did." And  hamas  made good days ahead.  Hamas  fired back israel/ palestinian  conflict its friend  egypt  used to be ', "out of control than it has already. Reporter: This is the first israel/ palestinian conflict of the new middle east. The arab spring has raised all sorts of new questions for the united states. For instance, its friend egypt used to be able to keep the peace in this region. Will egypt's new islamist president do the same? And, of course, the arab spring means the governments are much more answerable to their own ", 'Anger soaring there and in the  west bank , where palestinians tossed stones checkpoint here between israel and the  west bank . The fighting is exacting an excruciating israel stops targeting people in the  gaza strip  and that blockade of gaza is lifted ', 'true peace cannot come along until israel stops targeting people in the gaza strip and that blockade of gaza is lifted. George? Alex, thanks very much. ', "divisions in Gaza and in the  Palestinian West Bank  where the violence could spread That's why the US is now  Hamas  rival  Fatah . It's promised millions of about events on the ground in the  Palestinian  territories and obviously. Innocent ", "to come. There have always been divisions in Gaza and in the Palestinian West Bank where the violence could spread. Those divisions have deepened and as in Iraq and Lebanon international foresees our play. -- is supported by Syria and has received financial -- choose from Iran. It needs -- help because much of the rest of the world views it as a terrorist organization. That's why the US is now -- Hamas -- rival Fatah . It's promised millions of dollars to -- security forces. Factor is also reported to be receiving weapons from Arab states -- US and Israeli agreement. The -- the name the US secretary of state joined international diplomats who were trying to achieve peace between the Palestinians and Israel -- But can also was on their minds active assistance expressed our concern about events on the ground in the Palestinian territories and obviously. Innocent people are being caught up in this violence and it needs to stop. Washington though it would presumably ", "that's going on between  Egypt  and You know  Egypt  has long been it's if you will. It's  Hamas  in Gaza and receives the Palestinians in the  Gaza Strip . It's been more the importing country like  Egypt  to meet top of that list ", "the Al ansari mosque which is the main religious authorities here in Egypt mentioned it as as being a possibility you know more so. Perhaps than ever he misses a deeply polarized -- right now since that is something we're watching. Incidents like this morning will only stool that's here. I also ask you Alex how does this situation play out across the rest of the region for Syria for Israel. As other countries are seen exactly this kind of unrest in this kind of back and forth that's going on between Egypt and -- You know Egypt has long been it's sort of an anchor of stability here in the region it was the one country that the US could rely on him to be stable and soon. Exert its influence over the rest the region is certainly. To do -- Israel and and the Palestinians and into an extent even since Morse he has come into power. He you know do more seat -- Muslim Brotherhood. It is really believed. To be older brother if you will. It's -- Hamas in Gaza and -- -- receives Lara -- between Israel and the Palestinians in the Gaza Strip . It's been more -- the egyptians who've come in and basically been able to settle that. They're great relationships between Israel and ", 'flags of  Hamas  now fly over  Palestinian  government buildings.  Hamas  gunmen have executing one  Fatah  leader he Islam and  Hamas  are victorious belongs to  Hamas . This car hours Gaza  Palestinian  security in his  West Bank  headquarters ', "It is an enormous shift in power the flags of Hamas now fly over Palestinian government buildings. Hamas gunmen have battled their way through got. Humiliating rivals from the US -- but a movement. Even executing one Fatah leader he has -- late today they overran the main security building then leader -- the presidential compound. This level of Islam and Hamas are victorious -- this militant. This security headquarters was paid for by US taxpayers. Now which belongs to Hamas . This car to and soda to classified government documents even the weapons. In less than 48 hours Gaza -- Palestinian security was helpless to stop. -- in his West Bank headquarters the Palestinian president his increasingly isolated cut off from the events in Gaza. Tonight US -- Mahmoud Abbas dissolved his government and declared a state of emergency. But that means little in Gaza. Every day it gets -- -- them right and I am just wondering what's rock bottom. And and to mean that as a rock bottom tonight there are two Palestinian states one in Gaza one in the West Bank . Never mind the Israeli Palestinian road map to peace it -- the Palestinians. Are in. Desperate need -- a peace process up their own. -- -- at ", "jerusalem. First, we go to the  gaza strip  and abc's auardt. Reporter: Good soon as israel stops attacking the  gaza strip , you will stop firing at israel siren go. And what happened was,  hamas  let go a rocket in this direction ", "christiane amanpour on the ground in jerusalem. First, we go to the gaza strip and abc's auardt. Reporter: Good evening, diane. Tonight, there are 20,000 israeli reservists who have been called up. Tanks and troops are ", 'it would take to stop. As soon as israel stops attacking the gaza strip , you will stop firing at israel? "Of course," he said. "We wouldn\'t fire rockets if israel wasn\'t killing us." For days, there ', 'sailed from the  hamas -controlled  gaza strip  towards the launched,  hamas  made a public middle east.  Egypt , which used would pressure  hamas , who would other side,  hamas  may be considered marquardt in the  gaza strip .', "the intensifying standoff in the middle east, as rockets sailed from the hamas -controlled gaza strip towards the holy city of jerusalem for the first time in 40 years. Abc's christiane aman reports from a middle east on the brink. Reporter: Bill, we were outdoors shooting today when all of a sudden, the air raid siren went off. Really unusual here in jerusalem, to know that missiles were being launched towards this city. A rocket was launched, hamas made a public statement saying they were targeting jerusalem, but it didn't reach here. It did not fall in the city. I spoke to the mayor who said that it did not hit this city. It was slightly south, there was no damage and no casualties. But it does raise the question of how this whole equation is changing, now that there is a new middle east. The post-arab spring middle east. Egypt , which used to be the one who would pressure hamas , who would come in and try to demand a cease-fire and try to mediate, now egyptian officials have come to gaza, stood shoulder to shoulder with the hamas prime minister and called this aggression untenable. The president of egypt warned stop this aggression, as he called it, or else. Hamas also wants to show that this is a new middle east. Hamas is part of this muslim brotherhood that is here in this part of the arab world, that it has new friends, it believes, and it is not going to take it lying down. We're waiting to see how this develops. It could escalate the next 24 to 48 hours. That's going to be critical. Bill? Thank you, christiane. It will's turn to the other side, hamas may be considered a terrorist organization by the u.S. And israeli governments, but in gaza, they are the elected leaders, embolden by ", 'any sign of backing down. For "nightline," I\'m alex marquardt in the gaza strip . ', "meeflts the  gaza strip , and abc's outgoing rockets at  hamas  returns fire pounded the  gaza strip . Its target most notably,  hamas . But caught targeting the car of  hamas ' top military that brings in  hezbollah . And now with ", 'hit their apartment in the south. This as israeli warplanes pounded the gaza strip . Its target? Militant groups, most notably, hamas . But caught in the cross-fire, at least 12 civilian, including that 11-month-old boy. "What did my son do to die like this?" His father cried. This is what the aftermath of one of these strikes looks like. A massive crater filled with cinderblock and rebar, with a strong smell of diesel fuel, several of the houses around were damaged very badly. And the residents here on this street tell us they hope hamas and the other groups keep firing rockets into israel in retaliation. Israel sails this is a response to the almost 800 rockets that had landed in israel from gaza this year alone. This biggest escalation in years began yesterday, with israel targeting the car of hamas\' top military commander, eliminated in the blink of an eye. Israel sails it is ready to enlarge this operation. And there are ', 'the State of  Palestine  138. In favor To recognize a  Palestinian  state in the  West Bank  East Jerusalem the stature of  Palestinian  President Mahmoud militant rivals in  Hamas . And it puts funding to the  Palestinian  Authority. In ', "UN general assembly voting within the hour to recognize the State of Palestine 138. In favor just nine opposed including Israel. And the United States. -- looked and felt like Independence Day on the West Bank . As Palestinians poured into the streets by the thousands and savored the moment. In the end it wasn't even close the United Nations General Assembly voting overwhelmingly. To recognize a Palestinian state in the West Bank East Jerusalem. And the Gaza -- Territory seized by Israel in the 1967. War. This racist -- -- occupation. Is making that ", 'side with a  Palestinian  state that between the  west bank  and the  Gaza Strip . But that the  Gaza Strip  has been Islamist group  Hamas  and the  West hands of  Hamas  considered the other  Palestinian  territory change that  Hamas  controls moderate  Fatah  controls ', "state solution with Israel one day living side by side with a Palestinian state that would be split between the west bank and the Gaza Strip . But -- that the Gaza Strip has been taken over by their radical Islamist group Hamas and the West Bank is under more moderate leadership. Some diplomats are starting to talk about a three state solution. ABC's -- -- -- tonight on the worsening conditions in Gaza and on one westerner who is caught right in the middle. The Hamas leader in Gaza is trying to prove his government -- -- Promising the British journalist Alan Johnston who was kidnapped in Gaza three months ago and -- would be -- three. -- -- -- I hope Alan Johnston he says will return to his family -- Susan -- -- -- -- -- let but tonight those hopes were dashed the group claiming to hold Johnston released this video. Threatening to kill the reporter even attempt was made to rescue him. This is a setback for Hamas which was hoping to show the world it can bring law and order to -- war torn streets. Conditions are becoming desperate. Gaza's borders remain sealed by Israel which means food fuel and medicine are not reaching Gaza's one and a half million people. The Israeli prime minister is in Washington tonight to discuss the crisis in neighboring Gaza. Now firmly in the hands of Hamas considered a terrorist organization by both Israel and the United States. In the West Bank the other Palestinian territory. The moderate President Mahmoud Abbas is trying to reassert his power with a new emergency government team. Today the US vowed to support that new government. But admitted a bass has no authority in -- Where 13 of the Palestinian people live and face an uncertain future. Built in -- ABC news Jerusalem. As -- supported President Bush will be meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert this -- and the mayhem in Gaza will be the top concern critics of President Bush say he could have averted the current crisis. If he hadn't been distracted by the war in Iraq here's ABC's John Cochran. While the president was in Texas his aides were busy denying reports that the Hamas takeover in Gaza. Means his mideast policy has failed. Today a democratic presidential hopeful accused Mr. Bush of failing to back Palestinian moderate Mahmoud Abbas. He had no political standing. We virtually did not mean to give him any credibility. We ended up making a -- Hamas look even stronger. Mr. Bush came -- the presidency six years ago deeply skeptical that his administration should try to broker peace ", "his British friend Tony Blair. The president that -- support for a Palestinian state I call on the Palestinian people to elect new leaders. Leaders not compromised by terror still the president's primary focus was on Iraq as the war there -- dragged on. So -- violence between Israelis and Palestinians. Mr. Bush pushed for Palestinian elections hoping moderates would win. Hamas shocked the White House and the world by winning and a democratic election. Because the US regards Hamas as a terrorist organization the president cut off tens of millions of dollars in aid to all Palestinians. But the events of the past week. Could change that Hamas controls Gaza with the more moderate Fatah controls the west bank and the US may decide it is now free to help them. I think you're gonna see in the very a few days that the US is going to unfreeze a lot of the money. Because now you have a new government that's being formed -- a government that will only be able to govern in the West Bank . But also will have no Hamas members. Two Palestinian states are not what President Bush wants but it may be the best he can get John Cochran ABC news Crawford Texas. ", 'East this morning the  Palestinian  people are divided on divided  Hamas  gunmen are in control in the streets of the  Gaza Strip . Which Israel has locked most. Meanwhile in the  West Bank Palestinian  prime minister Mahmoud ', 'latest stories from world news. In the Middle East this morning the Palestinian people are divided on divided -- Hamas gunmen are in control in the streets of the Gaza Strip . Which Israel has locked down some vital -- is not reaching those who need -- most. Meanwhile in the West Bank Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas he is leading a new government there the Bush Administration is once again backing. A boss. In Afghanistan ', "offensive against the  Palestinian  militant group  Hamas . Israel says end the reign of  Hamas  rockets plaguing or easy. And  Hamas  vows to turn Gaza attacked the tiny  Gaza Strip  from four directions report doesn't  Palestinian  casualties. Sources ", "even war. Israeli defense forces say the immediate goal is to destroy hamas' infrastructure and take control of areas used by the group to launch rockets. In the last week Hamas fired more than 100 rockets and mortars killing four Israelis. This is -- an alert while we were working in -- wrote in southern Israel. It is what residents here have lived with for years Hamas easily -- they claim they've already -- he's really soldiers. In Gaza or reporters says it is chaos people were fearful. As ", 'chants and the of  Hamas  flags. This rally the founding of  Hamas  quickly erupted into gunfire. A wall of  Palestinian  soldiers and masked automatic gunfire  Hamas  protesters. Had streets of the facto  Palestinian  capital Ramallah ', "It started with chants and the -- of Hamas flags. This rally commemorating the nineteenth anniversary of the founding of Hamas quickly erupted into gunfire. A wall of Palestinian soldiers and masked men loyal to the popped -- reporting -- loaded automatic gunfire Hamas protesters. Had forbidden in the march. -- the streets of -- the facto Palestinian capital Ramallah and filled with shattered glass bullet casings and blood over thirty content. Hundreds of refugees -- I think -- C -- rocks flying that this made just from this start. Today's violence followed what looked like an assassination attempt last night. When Palestinian prime minister Ismail -- yeah. Hamas . Last night's attack -- and his personal bodyguard dead. His -- political advisor and at least twenty others he. But it didn't stop him from addressing a -- Hamas rally in Gaza today members of his group -- -- -- top forty for starting a war. -- you just called for an end to the bloodshed one casualty of this violence may be the fragile Israeli Palestinian cease fire. Israeli military has become -- to Palestinian rocket attacks but said it might. After the gunfire the cleanup began. But with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas expected to disband the Hamas government tomorrow. Maybe more trouble ahead Matt Gutman ABC news Ramallah. ", "East with  Hamas  taking over the  Gaza Strip  in a violent situation in  Gaza Strip  and in  Palestine  ever  Hamas  has taken over. The  Gaza Strip  we saw those After the  Palestinian  president a bottom  Hamas  look even the on the  West Bank  to give they're arming  Hamas  they're arming  Hezbollah  we heard ", "he'll give us straight scoop. Let me turn to the situation in Gaza Strip and in Palestine ever -- Hamas has taken over. The Gaza Strip we saw those chilling pictures this week what -- the United States' response be. It's really tough now George. 05. Dick Lugar and I after. After the Palestinian president was elected mr. Abbas we wrote to the president on two occasions urging him. To do what -- -- -- urged me in my meetings with them to get the president to do that is to back Abbas he had no political standing. We virtually did not mean to give him any credibility. We as a consequence I think of our negligence and are malfeasance and are non -- since I should say. Ended up making a bottom Hamas look even stronger -- system elections when we should not and have insist -- elections a year later. And now we're reaping ", 'militant group  Hamas . Promise approved by the  Palestinian  people ABC Israel and  Hamas  the question said that.  Hamas  told him establishment of a  Palestinian  state on notion and  Hamas  is willing down in the  Gaza Strip  so mixed ', "the Middle East former president Jimmy Carter says the Islamic militant group Hamas . Promise to abide by peace deal with Israel if it's approved by the Palestinian people ABC Simon McGregor wood joins us now from Jerusalem with the details. Simon the former president when they're saying He wanted to end the deadlock between Israel and Hamas the question now what this successful lesbian -- Hyphenated that's right and we -- -- this -- surrounding president Kostis. -- plans to speak with Hamas He went to Damascus and on Friday and again on -- today at. Seven hours of talks with them. And He declared that that the talks were successful insofar as they appear to clarify. An important Hamas position He came back to Jerusalem this morning spoke to a packed press conference and said that. Hamas told him they would accept the establishment of a Palestinian state on the 1967. Borders if such a deal was approved by the Palestinian people. Now that has caused some quiet optimism here in Jerusalem because don't they get. Prior to this statement Hamas has been accused -- Seeking the destruction. Of the State of Israel its charter its founding charter has a -- specifically -- for the destruction. Of Israel by Austin recounted an incident -- do about that because He said when He speaks to have us about that paid off they say it's ancient history. So some cause for optimism this morning in Jerusalem He urging Israel to engage in direct negotiations with Hamas then. Yes very much city says that they can be no successful peace talks unless Hamas is included. Now the United States and Israel rejected that notion and -- Hamas is willing to specifically recognizes -- Israel and give up violence on the second issue. President got admitted that his talks have been unsuccessful. -- last -- -- -- for a city day unilateral cease fire and they had refused. During the course of the weekend while He was talking to -- there was a lot of violence -- inspired by Imus down in the Gaza Strip so mixed success on that. Again at ABC Simon -- -- Simon thanks. "]