["victories. Voters will be punching ballots in eleven states but those in Arkansas may send a its message democratic  senator Blanche Lincoln  is in danger of becoming the third incumbent knocked off in a primary. She's called the State's favorite ", "states but those in Arkansas may send a -- its message democratic senator Blanche Lincoln is in danger of becoming the third incumbent knocked off in a primary. She's called the State's favorite sons is her health ", 'tell you the latest. In Arkansas congressman John Monday. Has one that is another tour That is the he defeated  senator Blanche Lincoln  she was seeking her third term this is one Republicans have been canning all the way along. And those one hand ', 'that is another -- tour -- That is the -- he defeated senator Blanche Lincoln she was seeking her third term this is one Republicans have been canning all the way along. And those -- one hand. ', 'like that is too and give Harry another term that there is a very vulnerable Democrat in Arkansas on Tuesday  senator Blanche Lincoln  and and incumbent tells about her situation senator Lincoln is in a runoff against bill halter the lieutenant ', 'term that there is a very vulnerable Democrat in Arkansas on Tuesday senator Blanche Lincoln and and incumbent tells about her situation senator Lincoln is in a runoff against bill halter the lieutenant governor of Arkansas organize ', 'race. For the Republican gubernatorial nomination. It Arkansas tough times for another incumbent. Democratic  senator Blanche Lincoln  is supported by the Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. But faces a serious challenge from lieutenant governor bill ', 'the Republican gubernatorial nomination. It Arkansas tough times for another incumbent. Democratic senator Blanche Lincoln is supported by the -- Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. But faces a serious challenge from lieutenant governor bill halter who supported ', "big debate going on of the Democratic Party to has primary and incumbents in trouble there you talk about women  senator Blanche Lincoln  of Arkansas in real trouble tonight. She's facing a strong primary challenge from a candidate. Funded by ", "primary and incumbents in trouble there -- -- you talk about women senator Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas in real trouble tonight. She's facing a strong primary challenge from a candidate. Funded by a liberal and labor union ", "mid term election year politics we are joined by  senator Blanche Lincoln  Democrat of Arkansas she's in a tough. Primary preparations for. Ferret fair enough that the  senator Blanche Lincoln  Democrat of Arkansas thank you very much for being ", "Begin week that mid term election year politics we are joined by senator Blanche Lincoln Democrat of Arkansas she's in a tough. Primary fight and if she can't -- that's going to be a top general election. ", "we're excited about making great preparations for. Ferret fair enough that the senator Blanche Lincoln Democrat of Arkansas thank you very much for being here today we appreciate it come see us again. ", "talent etc. it is a big problem and it's just Democrats are governing. And they are the majority party look at  senator Blanche Lincoln . Billy this is her first sort of moved to the populist. Senator a tough primary campaign may eighteenth an ", 'Democrats are governing. And they are the majority party -- look at senator Blanche Lincoln . Billy this is her first sort of moved to the populist. Senator -- a tough primary campaign may eighteenth -- an Arkansas ', "going on of the Democratic Party to has primary and incumbents in trouble there is what you talk about women  senator Blanche Lincoln  of Arkansas in real trouble tonight. She's facing a strong primary challenge from a candidate. Funded by ", "primary and incumbents in trouble there is what you talk about women senator Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas in real trouble tonight. She's facing a strong primary challenge from a candidate. Funded by a liberal and labor union ", "debate going on of the Democratic Party to it has primary and incumbents in trouble there as talk about women  senator Blanche Lincoln  of Arkansas in real trouble tonight. She's facing a strong primary challenge from candidate. Funded by a ", "has primary and incumbents in trouble there as -- talk about women senator Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas in real trouble tonight. She's facing a strong primary challenge from -- candidate. Funded by a liberal and labor union ", "budgets and get things done. It in the sound to survival stories. You. Are right aren't. Incumbent democratic  senator Blanche Lincoln . Hangs on after being hammered by unions and at ten million dollar campaign to unseat her. Not only can not ", "in the sound to survival stories. You. Are right aren't. Incumbent democratic senator Blanche Lincoln . Hangs on after being hammered by unions and at ten million dollar campaign to unseat her. Not only can not vote not ", 'frustration index a whopping 67. The highest. In twenty years and as Jon Karl said voters have made that clear.  Senator Blanche Lincoln  in Arkansas may have escaped that frustration with the established within comments but the establishment just ', 'twenty years and as Jon Karl said voters have made that clear. Senator Blanche Lincoln in Arkansas may have escaped that frustration with the established within comments but the establishment -- -- just about everywhere else especially ', 'One of the senators who is on the hot seat today  senator Blanche Lincoln  of Arkansas she was on MSNBC this morning talking about her efforts to hold onto her seat tickle of. Problem is being totally ', 'One of the senators who is on the hot seat today senator Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas she was on MSNBC this morning talking about her efforts to hold onto her seat tickle of. Problem is -- ', "Schmidt figure. Who had reason to smile today. You are or and. An Arkansas eight battered incumbents survived.  Senator Blanche Lincoln  wasn't the only victor. This was a Clinton clincher the former president played a critical role in the home ", "today. You are or -- and. An Arkansas eight battered incumbents survived. Senator Blanche Lincoln wasn't the only victor. This was a Clinton clincher the former president played a critical role in the home -- supporting -- ", "democratic incumbents are you were responsible for forming a group that helped recruit. The challenger. That  senator Blanche Lincoln  and the Democrat from Arkansas is facing bill halter. What's the dynamic there are some people are saying ", "were responsible for forming a group that helped recruit. The challenger. That senator Blanche Lincoln and the Democrat from Arkansas is facing bill halter. What's the dynamic there are some people are saying. This is a democratic ", "speaking a democratic incumbents are going. You were responsible for forming a group that helped recruit. That  senator Blanche Lincoln  in the Democrat from Arkansas is facing bill halter. What's the dynamic there are some people are saying ", "going. You were responsible for forming a group that helped recruit. That senator Blanche Lincoln in the Democrat from Arkansas is facing bill halter. What's the dynamic there are some people are saying. This is a democratic ", "as a Republican senator before switching parties. important seed Arkansas another Obama supported candidate  senator Blanche Lincoln  is enough for her political life. Facing a tough challenge from lieutenant governor bill halter. It's Kentucky ", "senator before switching parties. -- important seed Arkansas another Obama supported candidate senator Blanche Lincoln is enough -- for her political life. Facing a tough challenge from lieutenant governor bill halter. It's Kentucky it's Mitch McConnell man ", 'the Tea Party movement. Really feels like governments out of control in Arkansas dueling Democrats incumbent  senator Blanche Lincoln  against lieutenant governor bill halter who was attacking her as a Washington insider now taxpayer dollars problems ', 'Really feels like governments out of control in Arkansas dueling Democrats incumbent senator Blanche Lincoln against lieutenant governor bill halter who was attacking her as a Washington insider now -- -- -- taxpayer dollars problems He has ', "at least one major a figure. Who had reason to smile today. An Arkansas eight battered incumbents survived.  Senator Blanche Lincoln  wasn't the only victor. This was a Clinton clincher the former president played a critical role in the home ", "today. -- -- -- -- -- An Arkansas eight battered incumbents survived. Senator Blanche Lincoln wasn't the only victor. This was a Clinton clincher the former president played a critical role in the home stretch supporting Lincoln. ", "a Schmidt figure. Who had reason to smile today. EUR. and an Arkansas eight battered incumbents survived.  Senator Blanche Lincoln  wasn't the only victor. This was a Clinton clincher the former president played a critical role in the home ", "to smile today. EUR. -- and an Arkansas eight battered incumbents survived. Senator Blanche Lincoln wasn't the only victor. This was a Clinton clincher the former president played a critical role in the home stretch supporting -- "]