["the fellow traveler and in the  Gulf of Mexico . Workers fight to gain control fire on natural gas well in the  Gulf of Mexico  continues to burn after a blowout is knowing there is damaging BP  oil spill  in 2010. That's company. Maybe ", "up close and very personal with the fellow traveler and in the Gulf of Mexico . Workers fight to -- gain control of a burning gas well all. In tonight's feed friends. -- fire on natural gas well in the Gulf of Mexico continues to burn after a blowout on Tuesday forced the evacuation. Of dozens of workers. The extent of the damage from this site is unknown it seems that only natural gas is linking. Hercules offshore the company that owns and operates -- Riggs said in the statement they are -- working with experts in efforts to regain control of the natural gas well. And they stressed that this is knowing there is damaging -- -- -- BP oil spill in 2010. That's company. Maybe prince George she was the most famous unnamed baby in the world for two days in a ", "Department criminal probe of its role in the  Gulf oil spill  by agreeing to pay a $200,000 fine and damage from the nation's worst offshore  oil spill . The guilty plea could apply more the company's responsibility for the  oil spill .", 'Michael Winter: " Halliburton admits destroying  Gulf oil spill  evidence " Halliburton has admitted destroying evidence in the Deepwater Horizon  oil spill  disaster in the  Gulf of Mexico  and will plead guilty to a criminal charge ', 'connection with the 2010  Gulf oil spill , the Department of Justice rig that exploded in the  Gulf of Mexico  in 2010. The blowout millions of gallons of  oil  into the  Gulf . According across the area of the  oil  and natural gas reservoir ', 'Feds: Halliburton Agrees to Plead Guilty to Destroying Evidence in 2010 Gulf Oil Spill ', 'Feds: Halliburton agrees to plead guilty to destroying evidence in 2010  Gulf oil spill .', 'gas blowout in the  Gulf of Mexico  appears stable now was no sign of any  oil  sheen on a fly-over operated by Walter  Oil  & Gas. There were damaging as the BP  oil spill , also in the  Gulf of Mexico , that sent crude  oil', "Faircloth was hired by the attorney general's office for the state's litigation against BP PLC for the 2010  Gulf of Mexico oil spill . He's also representing Jindal's office in its dispute with a Medicaid contractor that was fired by the ", "off without releasing  oil  or other hydrocarbons damaging as the 2010 BP  oil spill . That disaster included millions of gallons of  oil  into the  Gulf of Mexico . Natural gas generally investigated the BP  oil spill . That's because it's ", 'other companies produce  oil  and natural gas both several quarters, domestic  oil  drilling has hit levels its effort to put the  Gulf of Mexico oil spill  behind it. Halliburton formations and release  oil  and natural gas. The ', "BP's bid to temporarily halt all settlement payments to  Gulf  Coast businesses and residents who claim they lost money after the company's 2010  oil spill . BP PLC attorneys argued that payments should be suspended ", "judge to temporarily suspend all settlement payments to  Gulf  Coast businesses and residents who claim they lost money after the company's 2010  oil spill  while former FBI Director Louis Freeh investigates alleged ", "claims arising from the company's massive 2010  oil spill  in the  Gulf of Mexico . Monday's launch of the hotline comes a week after administer BP's multibillion-dollar settlement with  Gulf  Coast residents and businesses. BP said calls to ", 'this summer that Mr. Obama gave his only two prime-time addresses from the Oval Office - the first on the  oil spill  in the  Gulf of Mexico , the second on ending combat operations in Iraq. That ties the number for George W. Bush at a similar point ', 'We tend to think of  oil  spills on a massive scale hundreds of miles of  Gulf  Coast  beaches  after the Deep Water Ark., the scale of an  oil spill  there is disturbing not suburban streets into  oil  slicks. ExxonMobil thousands of barrels of  oil . No one was injured ', "now meg in New York the  oil  crisis on the golf is good  Gulf  Coast is considered the the pelicans and the  beaches  but give us some rundown else it's that the  Gulf of Mexico  is one of the most biologically damage sustained because  oil  You have shore birds for a  beaches  or other  oil  damage our you have been ", "edition of now you now -- meg -- in New York the oil crisis on the golf is good Gulf Coast is considered the largest offshore spill in US history. But marine life suffering extensive damage experts fear and environmental disaster. Let's mention damage to fishing and tourism. If you want to help our next guest just a few suggestions joining us now from the daily Green is senator Dan chaplain Jan welcome back of the show thanks good to see you next. So it's -- heartbreaking topic because these pictures are awful to look at the pelicans and the beaches but give us some rundown of the kind of damage for looking so far. Well if this still has taught us nothing else it's that the Gulf of Mexico is one of the most biologically active X important areas in the country. You have a third of the nation's seafood roughly coming from -- particularly shrimp oysters red snapper grouper. Speeches like this you have amazing bird life I'm those brown pelicans have become iconic of course there were an endangered species. Only recently taking off the list. Now we're looking at possibly you know putting them back on I would think because of the damage sustained because -- oil -- You have shore birds by the thousands. -- coming here to Nast and to breed and to stop over in their ", "want to help let's start with -- if you live in the Gulf Coast region right person should do is report injured wildlife and soiled beaches because there are some areas that officials might not be aware -- -- -- this thing keeps spreading. You have you know still some state waters that are open to fishing for instance you have beaches open. In some areas. But the spill that's as I'm sure you are watching those maps day by day this -- changes with the current swear this is the surface of the oh this bill where the machine that is. Is spreading and then you have these deep underwater plumes. Getting into new areas we don't know when RF there was might surface so it's important that if you live along the Gulf Coast due to report it so -- really you -- Well the government has different hotline set up you can find those on the daily Green. And after reporting wildlife for a beaches or other oil damage our you have been there in your screens yeah we're look at them on the screen but as she mentioned you -- -- your website we can also. With a look honey be seen yet that comes up. Okay next step you say to volunteer a lot of people show interest in volunteering them. We're talking -- -- oil -- what can people do if they're not trained -- that's chew on there are one of the points about volunteering is that there are not as many opportunities as people might like the desire might be greater than the need for actual volunteers one thing you have. People put out of work to fishermen -- -- are being employed. Not volunteering but you know -- from being employed to do this work so you wanna you -- kind of first in line. If you're on the Gulf Coast to each state has who has a website and that's service set -- that you can volunteer through and there are organizations -- The National Audubon Society. The Tri-State. Bird research and rescue operation that's down in the gulf region. Coordinating operations to cleanup efforts you do need training like you said -- come so it's it might not be the best. Choice for a lot of people particularly if you don't live in the region but if you are unemployed right now and you're looking for a job are they were offering to train people to get says yes definitely there's there's training programs out there being run by BP and the government. -- and some of these organizations to be to bring you up to speed on protecting yourself number one from any health concerns from contracting with oil and then also had a you know engage with wildlife for clean beaches in a way that's going to be effective -- -- -- can't be hand signed you can donate any demolition to donate to where can people go for that any of these groups that are working -- American need donations they're nonprofit groups for the most part so if you see an organization that you like is working on -- that's one place to donate. Another thing is if you -- you know expand your view out into the larger political issues how much offshore oil do you want to see happening -- kind of regulation. Where do you want to see our energy sources come from -- ", 'wildlife right ahead of the  oil spill  so Jeffrey went to see turtles swimming in the  oil  slick eating dead fish examined to see if it was  oil  that killed them. We get picked up by the  gulf  loop current. In a up on Miami Beach and  beaches  up the Atlantic coast Jeffrey ABC news in the  Gulf of Mexico .', "The fish in the wildlife right ahead of the oil spill so Jeffrey -- went -- to see what more could learn about that. This is exactly what they feared huge sea turtles swimming in the oil slick eating dead fish. On short 25 dead turtles have been picked up for the last three days. They're being examined to see if it was oil that killed them. We -- -- yeah we have all right there. It was a long boat ride to the slick but ", "the fellow traveler and in the  Gulf of Mexico . Workers fight to gain control fire on natural gas well in the  Gulf of Mexico  continues to burn after a blowout is knowing there is damaging BP  oil spill  in 2010. That's company. Maybe ", "up close and very personal with the fellow traveler and in the Gulf of Mexico . Workers fight to -- gain control of a burning gas well all. In tonight's feed friends. -- fire on natural gas well in the Gulf of Mexico continues to burn after a blowout on Tuesday forced the evacuation. Of dozens of workers. The extent of the damage from this site is unknown it seems that only natural gas is linking. Hercules offshore the company that owns and operates -- Riggs said in the statement they are -- working with experts in efforts to regain control of the natural gas well. And they stressed that this is knowing there is damaging -- -- -- BP oil spill in 2010. That's company. Maybe prince George she was the most famous unnamed baby in the world for two days in a ", "evening tonight the  oil  is on the shore of America's  Gulf  Coast and a lot starts to coat the  beaches  of Louisiana. And straight into the  gulf  which is the scene the most unusual  oil  spills in history environmental of the  gulf oil spill  was found today endangered animals in the  Gulf of Mexico  the wetlands of ", "This here's ABC world news with Diane Sawyer. Good evening tonight the oil is on the shore of America's Gulf Coast and a lot more is on the way. Someone in New Orleans said today at times the smell is so strong it's like breathing the fumes of a car. And here is where that oil from the exploding -- is tonight is it starts to coat the beaches of Louisiana. And remember 15 of the nation's seafood comes from these waters shrimp oysters. And 12100 people are standing by to try to save the wildlife to Sam Champion is in a commercial channel down in the -- Sam. Diane this is tiger pass. Clean water that shrimp boats take straight into the gulf which is the scene of one of the most unusual oil spills in history. No one knows how big it's going to get -- well it will end when it will land because that uncapped well keeps. Pouring oil right into the gulf there's been another question for a few days now that's will that oil get into the protected wildlife behind us. And harm any of the wildlife there. Well today that question was answered. The first environmental -- of the gulf oil spill was found today you can tell He is contaminated -- -- oil on the other. -- this northern -- it is supposed to be white but it was discovered an open water. Covered in oil he's now being cared for -- cleaned at an emergency center set up to take care of wildlife injured in the gulf Rescue workers know he's only the first our goal and we get an animal land to watch it is to make sure that it's medically stable. Before we actually put it through a wash process. Birds are not the only endangered animals in the Gulf of Mexico the wetlands of the gulf for some of the most productive in the country. And scientists fear that habitat -- the wildlife that supports. Are in imminent danger of environmental catastrophe. Of all the different types of habitats that get hit by oil wetlands are the ones that are the most sensitive to and the hardest to. Recover from artist to recover from because the wetlands are made of mud. If the oil gets into the mud there is no way to get in and clean it. Machinery is too heavy and that would further destroy the habitat. Experts say the oil could be there for ten to twenty years releasing lethal chemicals in Alaska to this day they are still cleaning up. After the remnants of the Exxon Valdez disaster. All the wetlands we have and the United States. This it is area that is the most important in terms. Commercial species that depend on this flat line. 20% of the seafood caught in the United States comes from these gulf wetlands a nursery ground for a wide variety of fish shrimp. And crap. OK we had already. Though the shrimp are small strippers were allowed to start the season three weeks early the theory is the oil will kill this -- Over the long term the oil will be gradually releasing more toxins compounds and so that might affect. For example how many eggs they can have -- the ", 'been gushing  oil  into the ocean rose about the  Gulf of Mexico . All eyes were oil  into the  gulf . Early this that in the  Gulf of Mexico . Americans number one the  oil spill . Five weeks protect the  beaches  from erosion ', "In the gulf -- to -- BP launched an ambitious effort to plug the hole that for more than five weeks has been gushing oil into the ocean. We do not yet know -- this procedure. Call that top kill will wore what we do know is that whether or not BP stops this oil flow the damage to the landscape and wildlife. It's beyond devastation as Jeffrey -- now reports. As the sun rose about the Gulf of Mexico . All eyes were fixated on what was happening below -- surfaced. For five weeks that broken well pipe 5000 feet down has been spewing oil into the gulf . Early this morning BP technicians and engineers were preparing their best shot at stopping it. At about the same time Fathi Norman was boarding a helicopter. To survey the oil damage on -- -- square mile tract of Louisiana coastline. Owned by -- -- your donation. Charitable trust that she oversees. The trust owns the land that includes -- -- Sean we've unit's main oil port. And only nine miles of spectacular beach and wild marshlands that -- in the Gulf of Mexico . Americans ate breakfast topic number one the oil spill . Five weeks and counting frustration mounting. James -- are prominent Democrat broke ranks to attack the president. And it just looks like ", "Army Corps of Engineers. Was scrambling to block a breach -- that oil wouldn't enter the fragile marshlands. It is already too late what is this oil mean for these birds get. Means that it's very likely that most of these birds that are all of will not survive. Now if the bird is actually been feeding in the water that's -- oil and it or has oil in organisms that -- eating can be ingesting oil either on or in organism. Ten years on Norman has been doing a census of the birds here -- the population recover from the Havoc of hurricanes Katrina and Gustav. But for the last month He has been waiting and wondering. BP's spewing oil -- represents an even bigger threat. On Thursday I didn't see any oiled -- immigrants and today at least 50% of them oil . So we know that there's a lot. A lot of birds in the wetland area better getting exposed to oil whereas. On arm on that Thursday last Thursday it was mostly oil on the beach if this is -- a bird's leg. -- and you can see actually on some of the sand fibers that their legs are the wrong color. Because -- legs have gotten oil on them the bird is -- oil -- itself but it's legs or dark. So anything if they try to preen themselves yeah our try to get that oil -- something and they ingested. By mid morning as a dozen remote controlled robots roam the sea floor BP engineers and technicians were still running diagnostic tests. Just after 10 AM. Cathy Norman meet with a group of contractors she's been working with for several years on a multi million dollar project to protect the beaches from erosion. With oil coming ashore the entire project is now in question agency. On the surface of the gulf engineers and technicians are ready. Plan inject heavy drilling mud into the broken mechanism on the sea floor. The so called top kill has never been tried at these depths but it's considered the best option available. Can not Begin until the Coast Guard gives BP a thumbs up. Engineers make their final preparations. We set off with Kathy Norman to survey the marshes beaches and -- use -- trust oversees. He's a natural diversity what is that -- is -- that a gulf of people call dolphins but -- really -- Ever since the drill rig sank in the oil slick surface happy has been watching nervously. I was watching -- I was very concerned about the eastern side of the state ", "boat tour takes us passport from -- when He percent of America's oil comes through here. And three quarters of the rigs off the Louisiana coast are serviced from here how important is this country. ", 'to probe the  oil spill  in the  gulf . As we investigate month after that  oil spill  we have spent progress in the  gulf . How much  oil those mainland  beaches . And so far floor of the  gulf . And we really good there is  oil  out here. But ABC news on the  Gulf of Mexico . And we move ', "news. But Diane Sawyer. Good evening today almost one month after that oil spill we have spent the -- seeking real answers about those reports of progress in the gulf . How much oil has really been stopped from leaking is the slick closer to or further from the shore. And by the way a short time ago President Obama ordered a special commission to investigate the cause of the spill. And we learned that the government's man in charge of regulating the drilling is resigning at the end of may. It is a fast moving story we have full coverage again tonight in the gulf that would Begin with Ryan Owens of Venice Louisiana Ryan. Good evening to you Diane will start with a first bit of good news anyone here has had in a very long time tonight beat the BP. Is siphoning roughly a thousand barrels of oil up to the surface that's happening now every day now keep in mind that's only about 20% of this bill. But when ", "narrow four inch tube into that much larger 21 inch pipe spewing oil into the gulf . The tube is acting as a straw siphoning the oil -- -- mile long pipe to a ship on the surface. BP says over time they may be able to stop up to 80% of the oil critics call that wildly optimistic. I don't think it's realistic that they're going to get. A significant fraction of the -- Into ", "first won't be done for two months. For those who -- the Gulf Coast home that feels like nothing short of an eternity. Ryan Owens ABC news Venice Louisiana. And to bring you up to date in 28 days how much has the -- grown and moved toward the mainly on the shore will in fact it has grown some but so far. It has not -- significantly. Toward those mainland beaches . And so far there is no evidence that major seafood beds have been contaminated less than two dozen confirmed cases in total. A fish or wildlife and countering the oil . But the big question still remains is something happening beneath the surface of the water. Something affecting the entire ocean -- and Jeffrey Kaufmann has been looking into that question today. We set out in search of the slick we found it just two point eight miles offshore by tracking down the shrimp boats that have been commandeered just give it up if you're imagining an oil slick that covers the ocean as far as -- -- conceit. It's not like that out here instead you come across pockets of this. -- -- Often separated by miles of apparently clean water. Which is what makes it very hard to say just how much oil there is out here. It's even harder to describe what is below the surface -- been reports of what are being called plumes of oil deep in the ocean some as big as Manhattan. The image is so terrifying that one politician described it as a mushroom cloud. We track the reports of those plumes to this scientific research vessel out of Mississippi called the pelican. But they did not find mushroom clouds. It looks totally clear -- The amount of oil in that -- layer is probably. The density the concentrations probably pretty low again we're going to know that more once -- analyzing samples. It is clear no one really knows what the impact of this oil will be. Best case scenario they could be dispersed and removed and just -- and just disappear worst case scenario. Death and destruction of fish and coral as the oil eats what little oxygen there is. Unfortunately. Is a huge experiment in the sea floor of the gulf . And we really don't have any idea how it's going to turn out. But we know what's not good there is oil out here. But in ways science has never seen before Jeffrey Kaufmann ABC news on the Gulf of Mexico . And we move on now to the two big headlines out of the Supreme Court today ones that hit close to home. ", 'investigate the  oil spill  in the  gulf . He is appointing just how much  oil  has been spewing frustration all of the  beaches  here are closed place on these  beaches  look at this This in the  gulf  that massive used on the  gulf oil spill  and He joins ', "using the still some scientists say using chemicals to break up the oil really isn't a fix at all that it may be doing little more than keeping this environmental disaster. Out of sight. Out of -- For now BP will continue to use those chemical dispersants designed to break up the oil some scientists warn the chemicals themselves are toxic. Others point -- they may be doing little more than keeping this environmental disaster. Out of sight out of mind. Another nagging question for BP and it's amazing it's still a question. This far into this disaster and that is exactly how many barrels of oil are leaking out of that -- every single day. Later today a blue ribbon panel made up of client -- not just from BP but other scientists who said the flow rate may be ten times maybe a hundred times as much. They won't report their findings were told by the end of business today beyond all right Brian thank you. And Eric for Wald is this CEO of -- co the company that makes -- dispersant being used on the gulf oil spill and He joins us exclusively from Chicago this morning thanks for joining us Eric good morning to yield. Tomorrow -- were now in today's 32 how would you evaluate the progress of the cleanup response so far. Well I think given the enormity of the crisis the amount of oil that's come into the gulf The first responders are are doing certainly all they can to keep this oil from reaching the shores. Let's talk about the dispersants because of the eighteen approved for use by the EPA twelve were found "]