['billion loan-guarantee program, one that had largely sat dormant for 5 years, to spur new technologies.  Interior  Secretary  Sally Jewell  approved a wind project in Arizona that the administration says will power up to 175,000 homes. And the ', 'bill is language instructing the Secretary of the  Interior  Department to "provide public access to" the lunar Historical Park." The bill also urges Secretary of the  Interior Sally Jewell  to pursue making the new park a UNESCO World Heritage ', 'dignitaries in the crowd included Homeland Security Secretary and former Arizona governor Janet Napolitano;  Interior  Secretary  Sally Jewell ; Sen. John and Cindy McCain; Sen. Jeff Flake; and Rep. Paul Gosar. The Hotshots were killed when shifting ', 'Obama nominates  REI  chief executive as  interior  secretary " When colleagues conduct business with  Sally Jewell , they have a better unconventional pick to lead the  Interior  Department - a former Recreational Equipment Inc. ( REI ) - represents an effort ', 'Obama will nominate  Sally Jewell  to be the next secretary of the  interior , a senior White She is the CEO of  REI , the outdoor recreational this background: " Sally Jewell  is uniquely qualified secretary of the  interior . With years of ', 'years? http://abcn.ws/VIsqPT ( Chris Good) Obama to Tap  REI  CEO as  Interior  Secretary -President Obama will nominate  Sally Jewell  to be the next secretary of the  interior , a senior White House official told ABC News. http://abcn ', 'OBAMA TO ANNOUNCE  INTERIOR  PICK: A senior will nominate  Sally Jewell  to be the next Secretary of  Interior . Jewell is an is the CEO of  REI , the outdoor Obama to nominate  REI  CEO  Sally Jewell  to head  Interior  Department ', 'conscious compass. Last year  REI  donated almost four million nominee for secretary of  interior .  Sally Jewell  for inextricably linked outstanding secretary of the  interior  thank you Mr. President consensus to this nomination  Sally Jewell  being someone that both ', "anything was possible in this nation of ours as your secretary of interior You have given to me. The opportunity to prove them right and to achieve that American dream. And for that full my wife -- my entire family will be eternally grateful to you. Today Mr. President I'm also felt stand with you here. As you announce your selection. An outstanding person to be your nominee for secretary of interior . Sally Jewell -- for -- inextricably linked between conservation. And the economy. Sully was the key contributor to you and to your entire team "]