['The money of German housewives should not bail out Russian oligarchs, writes Quest', 'Quest: The Eurozone has shown it is better at creating crises than confronting them', "Editor's note: Richard Quest is CNN's foremost international business correspondent and presenter of Quest Means Business", '(CNN) -- Never underestimate the capacity of the Eurozone to shoot itself in both feet.', '"Breath-taking," "Staggering," "Bewildering." Just some of the adjectives we could use to describe the latest Eurozone fiasco where the troika -- made up of the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund -- has managed to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.', 'The decision to "bail-in" depositors in Cyprus -- to make ordinary people pay for the mistakes of the banks -- is extraordinary. Nothing like this was done in Greece, Portugal or Ireland.', 'Why, oh why, it should be up to the Cypriots to test drive this dangerous and maverick policy remains unknown.', 'To be sure, the presence of large Russian and offshore funds in Cypriot banks is cause for a different format than those used in other peripheral countries. For example, you could not realistically have the money of German housewives bailing out Russian oligarchs.', 'Cypriots are already going to feel the ferocity from the effects of a recession caused by lower wages and high unemployment, they do not need the additional confiscatory measures of their deposits being taken.', 'Once again the Eurozone has shown it is better at creating crises than confronting them.', 'In the past few hours, I\'ve spoken to bank CEOs and top economists. Words like "great mistake" and "disastrous" are being used. So far I have not spoken to anyone who thinks this is a good idea. At all levels, for depositors, future foreign investors and Eurozone policy, the decision on tiny Cyprus is going to have huge ramifications.', "The euro club has suffered major shockwaves but its newest member has emerged as an economic star. What;s behind Estonia's success?", 'The global recovery has two speeds: That of the stimulus-fed U.S. and that of the austerity-starved eurozone, according to a new report.', 'The "rich man\'s club" of Europe faces economic decay as it struggles to absorb Europe\'s "poor people", according to economic experts.', "Europe's competitiveness is threatened as manufacturing companies scrambling to find enough skilled engineers.", "Spain's economic crisis is in its sixth straight year yet tourism, worth 11% of GDP, is holding its own, one of the few bright spots on a bleak horizon.", 'As European financial markets close for the spring celebration of May Day, protesters across Europe and beyond have taken to the streets to demonstrate.', 'As Croatia prepares to enter the 27-nation European Union, the country\'s Prime Minister says Italy must return to being the "powerhouse of Europe."', "Spain's unemployment rate rose to a record high of 27.2% in the first quarter of 2013, the Spanish National Institute of Statistics said Thursday. ", 'The financial uncertainty in Cyprus is generating images of long lines at ATM machines and anti-European Union protests.', 'Cyprus will "step up efforts in areas of fiscal consolidation." Where have we heard that before? Oh yes. Greece.', 'The Cyprus debt crisis is being felt by the banks but also by the people who work at them. Nick Paton Walsh reports.', "CNN's Nick Paton Walsh reports on a Russian hotel maid caught up in Cyprus' financial crisis.", "Never underestimate the capacity of the Eurozone to shoot itself in both feet, says CNN's Richard Quest.", 'Spain has seen hundreds of protests since the "Indignados" movement erupted in 2011, marches and sit-ins are now common sights in the capital.']