['Police detained the actress following a disturbance in a driveway at a home in Thousand Oaks, Calif.', "then there are tiny little -- Iraq which has light at the crash site -- OK thank you. -- I'll let it's apparently yeah slightly. And I can't. ", "Calif. high court denies San Diego clerk's bid to immediately stop same-sex marriages", "The head of Homeland Security will now oversee California's public university system.", 'Coast Guard officials are trying to determine why a sailboat captain refused to allow officers to inspect his vessel and took off, leading them on a low-speed 2.5 mile chase out of San Francisco Bay. The 43-foot boat was moored near Sausalito on Sunday afternoon when Coast Guard officers approached', 'Mudslide threat prompts evacuation warning for about 20 homes after S. Calif. wildfire', 'VIDEO: Case brought by family of California woman whose car sped up, out of control.', 'VIDEO: Case brought by family of California woman whose car sped up, out of control.', 'First Toyota sudden acceleration case involving death of Calif woman set to begin in LA', 'California-based swimmers Anderson, Mellouli collect gold on opening day of worlds in Spain', 'A 10-year-old Santa Ana, Calif., boy is in protective custody after his mother allegedly shackled chains around his ankles as a way to keep him inside the house and out of trouble, police said. Irma Navarro, 37, was arrested and faces charges of child abuse after neighbors found her son lying on', 'Two cousins who were members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew killed in an Arizona wildfire are being remembered in California. A public memorial service was held Saturday for 21-year-old Grant McKee and 23-year-old Robert Caldwell in Newport Beach. More than 300 people attended, including', 'Two cousins who were killed in an Arizona wildfire last month with 17 other members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew were remembered in California on Saturday. A public memorial service was held for Grant McKee, 21, and Robert Caldwell, 23, at a church in Newport Beach. More than 300 people', "The town of Idyllwild, Calif.'s existence is under threat from a raging inferno and a 30,000-foot column of smoke hovering above the community as thousands of residents evacuate. The wind-whipped fire has burned more than 35 square miles in the mountains near Palm Springs, which is near the popular", 'and slide. The blaze, still very close to these mountain communities. And palm springs , as well. This morning, about the quaint town of idyllwild, a raging inferno and a 30,000-foot column of smoke threatening its existence. ', "size and dangerously close to nearby towns, including the outer edges of palm springs . The area's rough terrain is a huge challenge. There's something on fire with smoke that you try to get to. And you're weighted down with packs and equipment. Reporter: For some family, it's too late. The fire is moving 15 miles per hour. And it came right on top of him. Reporter: And there's no end in sight, with high winds and even dry lightning potentially headed this way. In colorado, the extreme heat has triggered thunderstorms and tragedy. Overnight, a lightning bold struck nine farm workers in ft. Collins, leaving two in critical condition . The fire here is so intense, firefighters did something they haven't done in 30 years. They fought the blaze from above, through ", 'With purchase of drug legal at licensed dispensaries, Beverly Hills women start Cannabis Club.', "disabled by a crippling depression. Reporter: Cheryl needed an escape. She tried prescription drugs . But popping prozac to get up and xanax to come down every day, felt like a prison, than a panacea. I was at my physician's office . And I said, help me get my life back. He said, you need to smoke a joint. I took a hit off ", 'Japanese company says it will fight negligence claim by operator of California nuclear plant', 'Calif judge finalizing $1 billion settlement for lost car values in Toyota acceleration cases', "San Diego doctor faces legal restrictions in removing protected bird's nest from his property.", "San Diego area doctor is praying for some heat as a bird of prey continues to attacked him and his family. Last time out the big bird swooped in and tore at this man's scalp with its razor sharp talons. When not -- asked animal control for help. Shot him down explaining that -- are protected by the migratory bird treaty killing the bees could cost him 100000 dollars even jail time. Now with the help of local marketers and -- sympathetic "]