['Earlier this month, 30,000 prisoners across 24 California facilities began a hunger strike to call attention to a number of conditions they say are inhumane.', 'Calif. outage leaves 123,000 without power overnight in San Diego, Orange counties', "San Francisco Bay Area school's AP test scores invalidated due to 'seating irregularities'", 'Most evacuate, some remain or return as wildfire looms over Southern California mountain town', 'Threatening thunderstorms are weekend wildcard for huge wildfire in S. California mountains', 'Napolitano prepares for debut before University of California board, confirmation vote', 'Protest over Zimmerman acquittal leads to 17 arrests in small Southern Calif. city', 'Authorities have issued evacuation orders for more than 2,000 homes in the mountains southwest of Palm Springs, Calif., sending more than 6,000 residents and visitors fleeing an out-of-control wildfire that has already damaged 23 structures, including seven homes. The latest evacuation orders are', 'VIDEO: Calif. firefighters say this season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in their history.', 'VIDEO: Calif. firefighters say this season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in their history.', 'Firefighters in California say the fire season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in history.', "the world I own is gone. Reporter: Firefighters across california say this fire season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in their history. The favor behavior we're seeing right now is what we would typically be seeing in august and september. Reporter: Drought, sizzling temperatures and high winds are creating extreme conditions across the entire west. Those same conditions led to the inferno 2 1/2 weeks ago in arizona, which killed 19 hot shots . Investigators now say that fire was moving at a record speed of 15 miles per hour, 13 miles per hour faster than average. Firefighters here say this fire is 15% contained. You can see some of the fire trucks behind me. The terrain is so rough, they're having trouble getting close to the flames. And so, they're being fought mostly from ", 'Southern California Edison seeks to hold Mitsubishi liable for nuclear plant closing', 'Forest Service: Hundreds of homes being evacuated near Palm Springs as Calif. fire approaches', 'Napolitano prepares for debut before University of California board, confirmation vote', '2 more men found guilty in 2009 gang rape outside of Northern California high school', 'Nomination of first Muslim student to university board draws anger from some Jewish groups', 'Catholic Church, private schools lobby against California childhood sex abuse bill', 'VIDEO: Michael Boatwright woke up in a California emergency room only speaking Swedish.', 'VIDEO: Michael Boatwright woke up in a California emergency room only speaking Swedish.', 'Michael Boatwright woke up in a California emergency room only speaking Swedish.', 'foreign accent syndrome. It goes way, way, way beyond my voice. Reporter: Social workers are working to get him social security and veterans benefits. And are looking for other living options in the meantime. For "good morning america," rob nelson, abc news, new york. ']