["Mexican artist Diego Rivera. And it's worth 800000. Wow between 800000 a million dollars he just goes he takes its  antiques roadshow  and hey it's That that is how much. it was worth apparently is great grandparents fled back in 1920 and it's ", "Wow between 800000 a million dollars he just goes he takes its antiques roadshow and hey it's -- That that is how much. -- it was worth apparently is great grandparents fled back in 1920 and ", "by the way. Zero. We're taking it from there are starting right here. At the GMA studios say hello. She like  antiques roadshow  police timing out. It always feels good he can never call them. But even better when you know. That began to kick ", 'right here. At the GMA studios say hello. She -- -- like antiques roadshow police timing out. It always feels good he can never call them. But even better when you know. -- -- -- -- ', "885000. we've seen everything is possible in the world of collecting coats. From cleaning out her closet like  antiques roadshow  police timing to Josh visiting the host of CDC shows. The Cameron mathison hitting the theater district. It's ", "the world of collecting coats. From -- cleaning out her closet like antiques roadshow police timing -- to Josh visiting the host of CDC shows. The Cameron mathison hitting the theater district. It's been a lot ", "don't think I can hit me. At the time we now trying to get done my birth weight back but perhaps penniless French  antiques roadshow  timing out. I'm humor. Maybe someone can mean them. Things I have Mountain man. And you can just a few bars ", "trying to get done my birth weight back but perhaps penniless French antiques roadshow -- timing out. I'm humor. Maybe someone can mean -- them. Things I have -- Mountain man. And you can just a ", "its brand new world news now this matter I don't play at some morning Paper as you start with us. A story about  antiques roadshow  turns in the also stopped recently. The most expensive most valuable items came up in that shows sixteen years why ", 'at some morning Paper as you start with us. A story about antiques roadshow turns -- in the -- also stopped recently. The most expensive most valuable items came up in that shows sixteen years why ', 'They cannot get your autograph that that your mind here I mean I had tears. she never saw a grown man cry over  antiques roadshow . I think our angles and me we caught up with the American stickers on a recent rainy Sunday in Saint Louis camera ', 'I had tears. -- she never saw a grown man cry over antiques roadshow . I think our angles and me we caught up with the American stickers on a recent rainy Sunday in Saint Louis -- ', "Is that it's nice and promotion only He hasn't been refreshed. We went shopping with Kevin in in mason of the  antiques roadshow  this first stop. The more than forty high end watches on the block. The big one here is home this Rolex here ", 'We went shopping with Kevin -- in in -- mason of the antiques roadshow this first stop. The more than forty high end watches on the block. The big one here is home this Rolex here. ', 'over songs stolen off the Internet will the ruling affect millions of people. Who share music online. And then  antiques roadshow  comes to China. Trying to determine the difference between ancient jams. And modern face but we Begin with the ', 'the ruling affect millions of people. Who share music online. And then antiques roadshow comes to China. Trying to determine the difference between ancient jams. And modern face but we Begin with the woman who was ']