["to having 10 years of therapy in 5 hours. Celebrities who've done it and recommend it, he says, include Sting and  Tori Amos . Dawson City Music Festival, Canada. Once a year in July, country bands from around the world, including ones from ", 'important as anything I have done in my entire life," he said. Foley became interested in RAINN after learning that singer  Tori Amos , whom he listened to before big matches, is a rape survivor and helped found the organization. "Until meeting her ', 'When that happened ... I wasn\'t able to even talk to anybody about it. That was not easy." Other female celebrities who\'ve shared their stories about miscarriage include Celine Dion , Kirstie Alley , Christie Brinkley and  Tori Amos  .', 'should come as no surprise that when masterful pianist  Tori Amos  recalls her earliest musical memory, it involves what metaphorical machete changes hands over the years, at her core,  Tori Amos  will remain the girl with her "huge, black, gorgeous ', 'lights were dimmed and the music blaring. Against a soundtrack of depressing spinster ballads from Natalie Merchant and  Tori Amos , the images flooded the room. There she was at twentythree?in the group photo of all the White House interns?smiling ', 'to overcome obstacles, that has drawn more than 4 million people to the P.S. 22 videos online. The choir sang with  Tori Amos  in New York and opened for Crowded House at the Fillmore. Stevie Nicks, formerly of Fleetwood Mac, said their rendition ', "This wasn't Josh's first recording, he had a hit single ten years ago with the group School of Fish, he opened for  Tori Amos , and soon had a cult following. Everybody in the music business was listening the best things we do as human beings ", 'Einstein," said Wilson. "I\'m not really a genius, I\'m just a good music maker." Tori: The New Slim Shady?  Tori Amos  is tackling some rather masculine subject matter for her next album. The singer, who has achieved a devoted fan base ', 'fellow Detroit native Kid Rock, who has previously contributed vocals to Bradley songs. QUICK HITS: Singer-songwriter  Tori Amos  is recording a new album at her home in Cornwall, England, aiming for a September release on Atlantic Records. British ', 'fellow Detroit native Kid Rock, who has previously contributed vocals to Bradley songs. QUICK HITS: Singer-songwriter  Tori Amos  is recording a new album at her home in Cornwall, England, aiming for a September release on Atlantic Records. British ', 'fellow Detroit native Kid Rock, who has previously contributed vocals to Bradley songs. QUICK HITS: Singer-songwriter  Tori Amos  is recording a new album at her home in Cornwall, England, aiming for a September release on Atlantic Records. British ', 'fellow Detroit native Kid Rock, who has previously contributed vocals to Bradley songs. QUICK HITS: Singer-songwriter  Tori Amos  is recording a new album at her home in Cornwall, England, aiming for a September release on Atlantic Records. British ', "now she's taken her famous and and produced an eleventh studio album this one. To mark the to season and tonight.  Tori Amos  musical influences. In the Nightline plays her. And is. And it. There's a song which is 2000 birth of the baby girl ", "studio album this one. To mark the -- to season and tonight. Tori Amos -- -- musical influences. In the Nightline plays her. And is. And it. There's a song which is 2000 birth of the ", 'score in the morning. Highway dollars or three times a week and eloquent. And it all kinds of people hackers feminist  Tori Amos  fans people are older than me who had no idea I was twelve years old. I was judged by my brain not discounted because ', 'week and eloquent. And it all kinds of people hackers feminist -- Tori Amos fans people are older than me who had no idea I was twelve years old. I was judged by my brain not ', "now she's taken her famous and and produced an eleventh studio album this one. To mark the to season and tonight.  Tori Amos  shares musical influences. In the Nightline And. It was song which is 2000 birth of the baby girl. And that that is ", 'album -- this one. To mark the -- to season and tonight. Tori Amos shares -- musical influences. In the Nightline -- -- -- -- And. It was -- song which is 2000 birth of the ', "listen to anymore like greatest hits. Johnson comment.  Tori Amos  under the Don't laugh now there's a web site that be as successful as Craig but for now just be glad that  Tori Amos  CD will finding new home. Where it's wanted. Once ", "CDs you don't listen to anymore like -- greatest hits. Johnson comment. Tori Amos under the -- Don't laugh now there's a web site that lets you treat all of your on want deeds with other ", "be as successful as Craig but for now just be glad that Tori Amos CD will finding new home. Where it's wanted. Once again. John Berman ABC news New York. "]