[' Richard Drew / AP Trader Gregory Rowe on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. A jump in home prices is helping send the stock market sharply higher in early trading.  Stocks shaved their gains but still ended in positive territory across the  board Tuesday, buoyed by supportive comments  from central banks around the world and some upbeat economic data.The blue-chip index finished higher at 15,409.39 after the three-day holiday weekend.(Read More: \'Lion Share\' of Stock Gains Are Still Ahead: Altman)"If you believe in calendar folklore, the day after a three-day weekend has a  bias to the upside and the final week of the month has a bias to the upside and  it\'s terrific Tuesday again," noted Art Cashin, director of floor operations at  UBS Financial Services. Cashin also noted that trading volume has been on the  lighter side. The Dow Jones  Industrial Average shaved its gains but still logged a triple-digit gain,  led by Cisco and United Health. The Dow was up  218 points at session high. The S&P 500  and the Nasdaq  also ended higher. Both indexes closed higher and the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best  gauge of fear in the market, traded below 14. (Read More: 5% Pullback \'A Matter of Time\': S&P)Last week, all three major averages logged weekly  losses for the first time in five weeks, rattled by worries the Federal  Reserve may soon start to pare back its bond buying."The great fear here is that if people truly become convinced that the Fed is  going to change course, then everyone\'s going to race to get out of the bond  market and do something different," said Cashin. "And what point do yields go  high enough to begin to be counter-productive?" Housing data helped pushed stock upwards. Single-family home prices rose 1.1 percent in March, according to the  S&P/Case Shiller composite index of 20 metropolitan areas, logging their best annual gain in nearly seven years. Economists  expected a reading of 1 percent. Prices in the 20 cities jumped 10.9 percent  year over year, beating expectations for 10.2 percent and the biggest increase  since April 2006. (Read More:Home Builders Ride Recovery Wave)Also on the economic front, consumer confidence strengthened in May to the highest level since February 2008, according to the  Conference Board. The index jumped to 76.2 from an upwardly revised 69 in April,  beating expectations for 71. (Read More: A Too-Strong US Economy? Why Everyone\'s  Watching)Meanwhile, both the Bank of Japan and the European Central Bank reaffirmed  that their policies would remain in place. On Monday, ECB Executive Board member  Joerg Asmussen said the policy would stay as long as necessary. On Tuesday, BOJ  board member Ryuzo Miyao said it was vital to keep long- and short-term interest  rates stable. "I think it\'s a sigh of relief coming out of Tokyo," said Cashin of the  session\'s rally. "[Japan\'s] had some wild action over the last few sessions and  people were beginning to worry that perhaps there was kickback to what Mr. Abe  and his team were trying to get done. The yields there were rising very sharply  so people were worried that things were coming apart but instead, things have  calmed down and that made Europe feel better."Treasury bonds extended losses, boosting yields up to new highs for the year.  The yield on benchmark 10-year Treasury notes surged to 2.122 percent, taking  out the previous intraday high of 2.087 percent hit on March 8.The government sold $35 billion in 2-year notes at a high yield of 0.283  percent. The bid-to-cover, an indicator of demand, was 3.04. The Treasury  will auction $35 billion in five-year notes on Wednesday and $29 billion in  seven-year notes on Thursday. ']