['Chappell  has career-high 366 yards as Indiana beats winless Western Kentucky 38-21', "Ben Chappell passed for a career-high 366 yards as Indiana defeated Western Kentucky 38-21 on Saturday, giving the Hilltoppers their 23rd straight defeat.Chappell completed 32 of 42 passes to break his old record of 333 yards against Illinois last year.The Hoosiers' Tandon Doss returned the opening kickoff 87 yards to the Hilltoppers 13-yard line, but on the second play of the drive Darius Willis fumbled and Western Kentucky (0-3) recovered.The Hilltoppers then went 91 yards in 10 plays to score the first touchdown of the game. Bobby Rainey rushed for 62 yards during the drive, including a run of 29 yards down the Western Kentucky sideline.Western Kentucky managed only 197 total yards the rest of the game.Chappell completed 11 straight passes on the Hoosiers' (2-0) next two possessions. He passed for 230 yards in the first half to give Indiana a 17-7 halftime lead.Western Kentucky had only one first down in the third quarter as the Hoosiers scored on six of seven possessions to build a...", "What started as a quirky twist on the shotgun formation by an off-the-radar team searching for an edge has become the hottest offensive trend in college football.It'...", "Indiana's players and coaches have seen the highlight shows and the game tapes. They know Denard Robinson is a handful to take down.Just ask No. 19 Michigan's first ...", "A familiar stab of pain hit Tyler Moeller while he was putting on his uniform before No. 2 Ohio State's game at Illinois on Saturday.Later on the field, the defensiv...", 'There will be new a No. 1 team in the country. The Heisman Trophy race got a shake-up, too.Stephen Garcia threw three touchdown passes, two to Alshon Jeffrey, and Ma...', "Quick: Name the league with the nation's best crop of quarterbacks this season.Bet the Big Ten didn't come to mind, did it?Well, believe it.With the season at the ha...", 'Joe Paterno reached another magic number and Michigan played maybe the wildest game in its storied history.All that as one national championship contender made an im...', "Just call it sort'em out Saturday.With five games matching ranked teams and conference play now in full swing, the first weekend of October was bound to give the nat...", 'The Big Ten season will culminate with its inaugural championship game in December and a host of teams have a shot at claiming the crown. The favorites heading into ...', "Ricky Stanzi spent most of Saturday trying to figure out Indiana's defense.He made No. 15 Iowa's late rally look as easy as 1-2-3.Stanzi took the Hawkeyes 88 yards i...", 'Montee Ball ran for three touchdowns in his first career start, replacing injured running back John Clay, and Scott Tolzien threw for three more as No. 6 Wisconsin r...', 'Indiana athletic director Fred Glass promised to pay the going rate for a new football coach.A seven-year, $8.4 million contract did just the trick.On Tuesday, the H...', 'A year ago, Bill Lynch introduced "the pistol" to Indiana football.This year, it\'s the 3-4 defense.The fourth-year coach with a penchant for change believes the late...', "Denard Robinson delivered another knockout punch.Michigan's sophomore quarterback tossed a 42-yard pass to get No. 19 Michigan into scoring position in the final min...", 'Even though he says he never looks back, Ohio State coach Jim Tressel couldn\'t help but reflect on his 100th victory with the Buckeyes."It\'s exciting every time you ...']