['Tianlang Guan became the youngest player to start the Masters Thursday and carded a 1-over 73 during his debut.Guan, who is just 14 years old, traded four birdies wi...', 'Following the 2005 U.S. Open at famed Pinehurst Resort in North Carolina, I had the opportunity to travel down to the Tar Heel state and play course No. 2.Always rat...', 'Royal Lytham & St. Annes has a history of identifying the best player in golf.Bobby Jones won the first of his three British Open titles in 1926. Seve Ballesteros wo...', 'FACTS & STATS: Cholla Course Architect: Scott Miller (2001). Year Opened: 2001. Location: Fountain Hills, Arizona. Slope: 136. Rating: 73.0. Par: 72. Yardage: 7,225....', 'Being the U.S. Amateur champion has many perks, but if you turn professional you lose some of those special things.Kelly Kraft upset top-ranked amateur Patrick Cantl...', 'A look at some of the anniversaries this year at the 76th Masters, to be played April 5-8 at Augusta National Golf Club:75 years ago: Byron Nelson won his first majo...', 'The 97 players who have qualified and are expected to compete in the 76th Masters, to be played April 5-8 at Augusta National Golf Club. Players listed in only one c...', 'A hole-by-hole look at Augusta National, site of the 76th Masters to be played April 5-8, with famous shots played at each one, and where each hole ranks in difficul...', 'For his spot-on impression of Craig Stadler , Peter Jacobsen filled his shirt with a box of golf balls and walked heel-to-toe to the laughs of the large gallery at P...', 'Tiger Woods seemed mildly surprised Tuesday when he was introduced at a press conference as playing the Masters for the 18th time, dating back to when he was the U.S...', 'A capsule look at the 10 previous British Opens held at Royal Lytham & St. Annes, where the 141st British Open will be played July 19-22:___YEAR: 2001WINNER: David D...', 'By Mark Lamport-StokesAUGUSTA, Georgia (Reuters) - Twice champion Ben Crenshaw will tee off in his 41st Masters on Thursday and the 60-year-old American cannot recal...', "Last year, Adam Scott barely lost the Masters on Sunday. This year, he's working hard not to lose it on Thursday.The Aussie, still in search of his first major title...", 'Europe could only dream of a Sunday like this at the Ryder Cup. It gave Tiger Woods his worst beating ever, hit all the right shots to spur on its foot-stomping, fla...', 'The clock started ticking for Corey Pavin and the rest of the U.S. Ryder Cup brain trust as soon as Francesco Molinari holed the putt that hurt the most.One hour was...', 'Russ Cochran went 19 years, 2 months, 5 days between wins.He finally hoisted a trophy last September in South Korea, and went on to win the next event in North Carol...', 'Russ Cochran has won on both the PGA and Champions tours, but he knows the other side well."I played almost 600 events on the regular tour, maybe 598, I certainly kn...', "Bernhard Langer made an 8-foot birdie putt on the sixth hole for four skins and $120,000, giving the German star and partner Mark O'Meara the lead Saturday in the Ch...", "Jack Nicklaus and Tom Watson successfully defended their Champions Skins Game title Sunday, finishing with seven skins and $310,000 to edge Mark O'Meara and Bernhard..."]