['Romney camp joins in calls for clear Libya  explanation, says Obama officials giving mixed info', 'House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers said over the weekend that recent disclosures by intelligence officials that once again revise the narrative on wha...', 'A person suspected of taking part in the attack on the United States Consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi, in which U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three...', 'Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will testify Wednesday before House and Senate committees on the Libya terror attack. As she prepares to deliver her months-in-the...', 'Several conservative lawmakers on Capitol Hill are pushing to strip or suspend aid to Libya and Egypt following the deadly attacks Tuesday on U.S. diplomatic offices...', 'President Obama condemned the "outrageous and shocking" attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi that left the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans dead, as he ...', "Within eight hours of the initial attack on the United States' diplomatic facility in Benghazi, Libya, the CIA decided to scrub and abandon rather than protect its a...", 'With Hurricane Sandy scrambling presidential campaign plans for both candidates, Republicans said Sunday the potentially historic storm will have some impact on Elec...', 'White House to give Senate Intelligence panel members documents on Benghazi  attack', 'The White House has agreed to give the Senate Intelligence Committee documents related to the attack on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, a congressional...', "One of the American diplomats killed Tuesday in a bloody attack on a Libyan Consulate told pals in an online gaming forum hours earlier that he'd seen suspicious peo...", 'Fresh claims that U.S. intelligence officials knew practically from the start that the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi was terrorism possibly tied to Al Qae...', 'Romney to deliver foreign policy speech amid big questions on Libya , global economy', 'Mitt Romney in a major speech Monday will call for a change of course in U.S. foreign policy -- saying the recent, deadly attack on the U.S. Consulate in Libya is pa...']