["it was 'mean' when Chevy Chase played Gerald Ford falling down all the time. No one ever accused Dana Carvey or  Darrell Hammond  or Dan Aykroyd of 'going too far' in their political impressions. You see what I'm getting at here. I am not ", 'Heidi Montag Mocks Own Plastic Surgery in Plea for Financial Overhaul Legislation', 'played by Jim Carrey. Michelle Obama was played by Maya Rudolph. The other presidents were played by Chevy Chase,  Darrell Hammond , Dan Aykroyd and Dana Carvey. Questions Arise About Purpose of Agency The Consumer Financial Protection Agency would ', 'support of the proposed watchdog. That ad featured actors Will Ferrell, Jim Carrey, Dana Carvey, Dan Aykroyd,  Darrell Hammond , and Chevy Chase impersonating ex-presidents who were imploring President Obama not to relent in the push for the ', 'Consumer Financial Protection Agency Endorsed by SNL Versions of Bush, Clinton, Bush, Reagan, Carter & Ford', 'chief, including Fred Armisen and Maya Rudolph as President and First Lady Obama; Will Ferrell as George W. Bush;  Darrell Hammond  as Bill Clinton; Dana Carvey as George H.W. Bush; Jim Carrey as the ghost of Ronald Reagan; Dan Aykroyd as Jimmy ', 'him and his infamous comment. On April 14, "Saturday Night Live" brought out a cowboy-hat, denim jacket clad  Darrell Hammond  to mimic a bumbling, apologetic Imus. Hammond\'s imitation of Imus\' twang was amusing, but the sketch lacked ', 'impersonateor Iman Crosson, writing that "you don\'t have to be black to do a good impersonation of a black dude. I like  Darrell Hammond \'s Jesse Jackson a lot more than Keenan Thompson\'s Al Sharpton--but you do have to be good. Andrew nominated ', "engrossed in batting around a ball of yarn on the couch. This time Ferrell's Bush is playing host to Fey's Palin and  Darrell Hammond 's McCain in the Oval Office, offering his blessing/endorsement, while a very reluctant McCain keeps trying to ", "Democrat. LINK Will Ferrell Reprises Bush Role on 'SNL' The former cast member returns for a sketch with Tina Fey and  Darrell Hammond . LINK Kimmel: Not Everyone Is Joe the Plumber! Jimmy's security guard Veatrice tears apart a recent John McCain ", 'help was no longer necessarily once Palin was named John McCain\'s running mate. "Pee-pants over here." --  Darrell Hammond , as John McCain, with a new twist on "that one" on the Thursday night "SNL" special. Bookmark The Note: http ', "Ottumwa, IA 8:00 pm: Sens. Chris Dodd and John McCain and entertainers Dan Aykroyd, Candice Bergen, Chevy Chase,  Darrell Hammond , Tina Fey, Steve Martin, Tim Meadows, Conan O'Brien, Molly Shannon, David Spade, Christopher Walken, and ", 'with all due respect, I\'m still not certain how to address some of these facts." Dick Cheney (portrayed by  Darrell Hammond ): "Two words IT\'S CLASSIFIED. The important thing is to get through it and get back on message: Dick Clarke ', 'The former cast member returns for a sketch with Tina Fey and  Darrell Hammond .', 'Golf Maybe a lot of things. Of course plenty of doctor Dennis patients are just innocent bystanders caught in the  Darrell Hammond  was walking his little brother home from a basketball game when he got shot and people would make better choices and ', 'Dennis -- patients are just innocent bystanders caught in the -- -- Darrell Hammond -- was walking his little brother home from a basketball game when he got shot and -- -- people would make better ', 'characters going back to Chevy Chase. In one video Dana Carvey is President Bush 41 Will Ferrell as bush 43 of course.  Darrell Hammond  as Bill Clinton and the whole video was aimed at urging congress the consumer financial protection agency Canada dry ', 'Carvey is President Bush 41 Will Ferrell as bush 43 of course. Darrell Hammond as Bill Clinton and the whole video was aimed at urging congress -- -- the consumer financial protection agency Canada dry subject. ']