['With sequester in effect and public tired of political theater, is president trying to make progress in working with opponents?', "A decade after shock and awe, signs of progress tempered by turbulence in today's Iraq", "It's been more than six years since a bomb ripped away the eyes from Shams Karim, killed her mother and left the little girl, now 7, blind and disfigured for life. P...", 'The death toll among coalition forces rose Saturday when three British soldiers were killed in a guerrilla attack in southern Iraq. Also, U.S. troops killed two Iraq...', 'An explosion on a road frequently used by British troops killed six civilians in southern Iraq, and the top U.S. commander in Iraq said Tuesday that the military det...', "Supporters of Iraq's leader hold their own rallies following weeks of anti-government protests", "Witnesses say demonstrators have taken to the streets in Iraq's second largest city to back the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, which has weathered ove...", "After years of growing influence, a new sign of Iran's presence in Iraq has hit the streets. Thousands of signs, that is, depicting Iran's supreme leader gently smil...", "Bahrain's national airline plans to restart flights to Iran and Iraq after halting service to the Shiite-led countries at the height of anti-government unrest last y...", 'U.S. auditors have concluded that more than $200 million was wasted on a program to train Iraqi police that Baghdad says is neither needed nor wanted.The Police Deve...', 'U.S. auditors have concluded that more than $200 million was wasted on a program to train Iraqi police that Baghdad says is neither needed nor wanted.The Police Deve...', 'The brutal crimes struck a nerve, even in a country that has seen a horrific amount of bloodshed in the past decade: Young Iraqi girls kidnapped, repeatedly raped an...', "Blair says Iraq's economy thriving since 2003 invasion and toppling of Saddam Hussein", 'Former Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday that British forces should be proud of their role in the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, citing what he claimed was major soc...', "Prisoners seized weapons and set off hours-long clashes with security guards at a prison in Saddam Hussein's hometown that left 12 dead, including 10 guards, before ...", 'Insurgents killed at least 75 people in a wave of attacks against Iraqi security forces on Sunday, gunning down soldiers at an army post and bombing police recruits ...', 'Would you prefer President Obama or Romney to nurse you back to health? Amb. John Bolton, Jesse Joyce, Brooke Goldstein discuss', 'National Guard Joint Hurricane Sandy Task Force Brigadier General Michael Swezey on assisting with the recovery after Hurricane Sandy.']