['Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner responds to lawmakers during a House Financial Services Committee hearing on mortgage finance reform, on Capitol Hill, March 1, 2011. ', "While the administration's economic attention has been consumed by the struggle to strike a budget-cutting deal that would lift the debt limit before the economy is further rattled by the threat of a default, critics have been complaining that there is little attention or manpower devoted to other pressing issues. Having to take time and energy away from limited resources to focus on replacing a Treasury secretary would only add to those problems, analysts said Friday.", 'But what has gotten far less attention is that the administration has put little emphasis on new solutions to the painful housing correction, and has almost no permanent financial regulators in charge of implementing all the reforms Congress passed last year that were intended to protect taxpayers from another financial catastrophe like the one that cost so many people their jobs, homes, and retirement savings.', 'Michael Barr, the former Treasury assistant secretary for financial institutions, was looked to as a surrogate leader on financial reform and was known as an outspoken advocate for foreclosure mitigation even before he joined the administration. His position has not been replaced since he left last year, and no one in the administration is seen as taking up the same mantle.', '    Poll: What Will Be the Most Important Issue for Your Party in the 2014 Elections?', 'There is also the shortage of two governors on the Federal Reserve Board and the lack of permanent heads in place at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Federal Housing Finance Agency, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and Federal Housing Administration. Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Vice Chairman Marty Gruenberg has been named to succeed Sheila Bair as FDIC chief, but his Senate confirmation process has not begun.', 'In the meantime, the administration is only able to focus fully on one issue at a time, and it is taking its toll on other financial policy matters.', 'Finding a candidate willing to go through the often bruising confirmation process is a bigger challenge, Bernstein said.', 'Indeed, the confirmation process for filling any of these vacancies could be messy.', 'Typically, higher-profile appointments such as Cabinet officials are met with more bipartisanship and a sense of urgency, but even Geithner had to overcome some questions about his failure to pay taxes during his confirmation hearings. Any red flag like that now so close to the next election might not be so easily overcome.', 'On other appointments, Republicans have already said they would oppose anyone to run the CFPB, and it remains in doubt whether any appointment can be filled there if Republicans make good on threats that they will continue to hold the Senate in session during recesses.', 'The GOP has succeeded in blocking Joe Smith, a North Carolina state bank commissioner, to lead the FHFA. It has also forced the administration to drop the nomination of Peter Diamond, a Nobel Prize-winning economist, to serve on the Fed.', 'Mills noted that filling vacancies is challenging because of the partisanship in Congress.', 'The article, "After Geithner, a Weak Econ Bench," first appeared in the National Journal.', ' deal leaving time for lawmakers to pass a bill and have that three-day period for everybody to look at it before the ', " recess. but responding to the president's fiery rhetoric from wednesday, republicans spent the day yesterday firing back.", 'it frankly wrangles many of us to have the president engage in blame shifting when he himself is unwilling to take responsibility for his duties.', 'con descending speech yesterday that told congress ignored the fact that he was elected as president to lead.', 'the president toned down his rhetoric last night at the fundraiser in philadelphia while doing a little previewing of his re-election message. take a listen.', "while i'm working there will be candidates doing what they do, they are going to attack. the ", " are a lot less interested in us attacking each other. they are more interested in us attacking the country's problem. they want us to exchange ideas about the future. that's the contest i'm looking forward to because it's the contest that america needs and we will win.", " of '10 the oil spill. one other thing, he traveled overseas. this time he's not doing that. this time they are trying to make their ", ' not a political problem, trying to go on offense, that was the point of the wednesday press conference, trying to get some of this debate back on their terms because as a lot of democrats have argued, all of these debates, from the stimulus at the start of the presidency to ', ', to the midterms, all of it has been done with the republicans framing the debate. they are trying to do that. we will see if this ', "doesn't have a primary opponent. he's going to raise a billion dollars? we're not going to raise anywhere near that kind of money.", "'s campaign said his total would be less than what he raised in the first major quarter of ", " told supporters he's raised over $4 million. the number though everybody is watching what will the ", ' number be? she can transfer money from the house campaign. was she able to get in the internet and direct mail money in in time? will the number be forth of 5 million? will it be north of 10? that would be somewhat of a surprise. meanwhile, a siren for the supporters of ', " could be a way to see if that's the launching point and he gets in sometime in late august in time for those three debates that ", " and company are competing in in september. meanwhile, though there are no firm numbers yet, we're expecting a big quarter from team ", ". the campaign tweeted add midnight, we're closing the books on the first chapter of the campaign with 493,697 donors. what does that mean? if he averages $200 a donor, he's going to be at awfully close to $100 million. ", ' did average $200 a donor the first two quarters as a candidate. campaign keeps pushing back on that. but do the math. in our look at all things independent. in battle ground states and emerging ', ', the independent share of the voters equal to the two major parties or ahead, all courtesy of a book called how ', ' won, some guy here may have co-authored. in iowa and texas, 21%. in montana, 35%. 45% in new hampshire. bottom line is this, we know elections are won in the middle. wept strong for ', " in '08. but the big question is there such a vacuum in the middle that somebody tries to fill it from the outside? we're going to talk about that ", ' that he is considering thinking about leaving the administration after the president reaches an agreement with congress to raise the ', " event, he played down the reporting saying he'll remain in his position for the foreseeable future. we're told it's accurate ", " is thinking about it. we're also told not to read as much into as others are. it's about living in d.c., close to the president and his political team and enjoyed the town more than he expected. would end up being a big surprise if ", ' did leave. think about it, confirming a new treasury secretary would be painful and difficult. it would serve to relitigate the economic policy at a time that the republican ', ' were given a window to leave, none of them are expected to leave now until november of ', "    Boehner whacks King again, says comments make immigration progress 'more difficult'", "    Boehner whacks King again, says comments make immigration progress 'more difficult'"]