["Daddy Dearest? Thora Birch's  Dad Is the Latest Example of a Heavy-Handed Hollywood Father", "of fatherly love gone too far,  Thora Birch  had her stage dreams dashed after objected to another actor rubbing  Thora Birch 's back during a scene. When that he had been directed to rub  Thora Birch 's back by Alexander, her father ", 'a pact, and its existence has never been confirmed. The movie is told through the eyes of Sidney Bixon, played by  Thora Birch , an online magazine journalist who is reporting on the incident. Besides the plotline of the girls pact, the second ', 'going to the parties, it\'s fun to dress up, but there\'s not quite so much ritual involved." American Beauty star  Thora Birch , who attended last year\'s ceremony, says, "It\'s a ritual, all right; the length it takes to prepare for the ', 'movie. I think the competition is just not there for her this year and she deserves to win for her body of work."  Thora Birch  (American Beauty): "Ellen Burstyn I thought was fantastic. It\'s an eclectic year, and there are some surprise ', 'going to the parties, it\'s fun to dress up, but there\'s not quite so much ritual involved." American Beauty star  Thora Birch , who attended last year\'s ceremony, says, "It\'s a ritual, all right; the length it takes to prepare for the ', 'movie. I think the competition is just not there for her this year and she deserves to win for her body of work."  Thora Birch  (American Beauty): "Ellen Burstyn I thought was fantastic. It\'s an eclectic year, and there are some surprise ', 'going to the parties, it\'s fun to dress up, but there\'s not quite so much ritual involved." American Beauty star  Thora Birch , who attended last year\'s ceremony, says, "It\'s a ritual, all right; the length it takes to prepare for the ', 'movie. I think the competition is just not there for her this year and she deserves to win for her body of work."  Thora Birch  (American Beauty): "Ellen Burstyn I thought was fantastic. It\'s an eclectic year, and there are some surprise ', 'going to the parties, it\'s fun to dress up, but there\'s not quite so much ritual involved." American Beauty star  Thora Birch , who attended last year\'s ceremony, says, "It\'s a ritual, all right; the length it takes to prepare for the ', 'movie. I think the competition is just not there for her this year and she deserves to win for her body of work."  Thora Birch  (American Beauty): "Ellen Burstyn I thought was fantastic. It\'s an eclectic year, and there are some surprise ', 'movie. I think the competition is just not there for her this year and she deserves to win for her body of work."  Thora Birch  (American Beauty): "Ellen Burstyn I thought was fantastic. It\'s an eclectic year, and there are some surprise ', 'happy that Ang Lee, who\'d directed her in The Ice Storm, won the best director award), a too-shy-to-talk  Thora Birch , and Tobey Maguire, who apologized for virtually running from the press. "I have a 5:30 a.m. call," explained ', 'happy that Ang Lee, who\'d directed her in The Ice Storm, won the best director award), a too-shy-to-talk  Thora Birch , and Tobey Maguire, who apologized for virtually running from the press. "I have a 5:30 a.m. call," explained ']