['Bowie\'s song "The Stars (Are Out Tonight)" is a track on his first new album in 10 years.', "As you know you're your domestic situation is always this sort of mystery. Yeah there is some mix of but sabathia people like to believe all sorts of magical ideas. So you you have. Twin children and grandchildren whose father is a beloved uncle John. I've not lived with both Japanese. And for the", "And I think. it's something. Used to. Far you know things something. Mask. And accurate numbers. That's great competitors. And if it looks. I. Don't deliberate effort. To his hotel after the of losers you know among.", "This to even ask you to sing it well it's my thing where I just letting people do it. Kabul witnessing. And missing teach them. Fed do on trend that I think what probably something in panic from an the things that I used to sing to them to sing. And come on just a little bit net because they'll be", 'She is known as one of the finest actresses of her generation but  Tilda Swinton  is nothing if not unexpected. Former David we style hair. Her latest film defies the rules as my co anchor Cynthia McFadden discovered ', 'is known as one of the finest actresses of her generation but Tilda Swinton is nothing if not unexpected. Former David -- we style hair. Her latest film -- defies the rules as my co anchor ', 'Tilda Swinton  plays the mother of a psychopathic teenager in this chilling film.', "Oscar winning actress  Tilda Swinton  is thinking. Inside the box well actually she's sleeping inside the box it's a performance art piece of the museum of modern ", "Oscar winning actress Tilda Swinton -- is thinking. Inside the box well actually she's sleeping inside the box it's a performance art piece of the museum of ", 'picture automatic. You don\'t want the money? You keep the money. You\'re going to need it. You might remember  tilda swinton  from her role in "michael clayton" opposite george clooney. Tonight, her new starring role in a glass box at new ', 'You keep the money. You\'re going to need it. You might remember tilda swinton from her role in "michael clayton" opposite george clooney. Tonight, her new starring role in a glass box at new york\'s museum ', "that's I guess was that meat dress that better over the top and there is a controversial and carry mullah. Get and  Tilda Swinton  who sometimes land on the worst Catholics were each other members of the best. And I get the first league got I can ", 'the top and there is a controversial and carry mullah. Get and Tilda Swinton who sometimes land on the worst Catholics were each other members of the best. And I get the first league got -- ', 'tremendous as an excellent chance to Merrill Streep is back again this time playing Margaret Thatcher in the iron lady.  Tilda Swinton  we need to talk about Kevin and Rooney Mara. For the girl with the dragon that is due on Danielle and singing up a ', 'is back again this time playing Margaret Thatcher in the iron lady. Tilda Swinton -- we need to talk about Kevin and Rooney Mara. For the girl with the dragon that is due on Danielle and ', "She's a longshot she's actually alongside and that more than ray young adult quite as much as we might have thought  Tilda Swinton  also very much very good about the felons. Leonardo DiCaprio and George Clooney Brad Pitt they're all in the not ", "than ray young adult quite as much as we might have thought Tilda Swinton also very much -- very good about the felons. Leonardo DiCaprio and George Clooney Brad Pitt they're all in the not so ", "willing to take don't go there she you'll go there and there's only. One other person that goes there and it's  Tilda Swinton . And you know she says designers. Don't think right now in fact he thought she practically design an entire. Collection ", "there and there's only. One other person that goes there and it's Tilda Swinton . And you know she says designers. Don't think right now in fact he thought she practically design an entire. Collection inspired by ", "and it's a little bit more sophisticated on Nevada hasn't had blemishes. Very handy right now that you don't  Tilda Swinton  wonderful kind blow. Especially in this long number she. Hasn't futuristic society look about her and it's something ", "Nevada hasn't had blemishes. Very handy right now that you don't -- Tilda Swinton wonderful kind blow. Especially in this long number she. Hasn't -- futuristic society look about her and it's something that -- Whatever ", "know like Stevie naics that Josh. You can be an existential list which is a small a group for women like. You knew  Tilda Swinton  the Academy Awards good example she's jewels that are in my book. Very pared down very intelligent and yes the focus ", "list which is a small a group for women like. You knew Tilda Swinton -- the Academy Awards good example she's jewels that are in my book. Very pared down very intelligent and -- yes the ", "not there. Ruby Dee in American gangster. It's cherish your Ronan in atonement. Amy Ryan in gone baby gone. And  Tilda Swinton  in Michael Clayton Kathy. Thank you. For best performance. By an actor in a supporting role the nominees are. Casey ", 'cherish your Ronan in atonement. Amy Ryan in gone baby gone. And Tilda Swinton in Michael Clayton Kathy. Thank you. For best performance. By an actor in a supporting role the nominees are. Casey Affleck in ', "actress Kate Blanchard I'm not there Ruby Dee in American gangster. and atonement Amy Ryan in gone baby gone and  Tilda Swinton  in Michael and start with you what do you think we'll keep. has the most He right now she's been winning consistently ", "-- -- -- and atonement Amy Ryan in gone baby gone and Tilda Swinton in Michael -- and -- start with you what do you think we'll keep. -- has the most He right now she's ", 'Webcast: The Making of Barack Obama, Illiteracy in America, American Idol...in Afghanistan?', "brother's been dedicated his Oscar for best supporting actor to his mother yeah. Supporting actress went to a surprise  Tilda Swinton  thanked her Michael Clayton co star George Clooney in June man. teary and surprise Marion Cotillard took the stage ", 'actor to his mother -- yeah. Supporting actress went to a surprise Tilda Swinton thanked her Michael Clayton co star George Clooney in June -- man. -- teary and surprise Marion Cotillard took the stage to ', "golden everybody was thinking Julie Christie would win but you know marrying and won it. The price for me I think with  Tilda Swinton  and there and in that category best supporting actress was kind of up in the air but that's good but everybody was ", "marrying -- and won it. The price for me I think with Tilda Swinton and there and in that category best supporting actress was kind of up in the air but that's good but everybody was ", 'been dedicated his Oscar for best supporting actor to his mother yeah. Yeah. Supporting actress went to a surprise  Tilda Swinton  thanked her Michael Clayton costar George Clooney Barack man. Eight teary and surprise Marion Cotillard took the stage ', 'to his mother -- yeah. Yeah. Supporting actress went to a surprise Tilda Swinton thanked her Michael Clayton costar George Clooney -- Barack man. Eight teary and surprise Marion Cotillard took the stage to accept the ']