['said she can break out because it\'s happened before, citing Melanie Griffith, who broke out of her mother\'s,  Tippi Hedren \'s, shadow. "It happens all the time. It really takes the talent to depend on that," Drew told ABCNews.com ', 'Birds" , there are reports that a remake is in the works with Naomi Watts signing on to play the role made famous by  Tippi Hedren . Will it top the original? While some Hitchcock remakes have stood up, both critically and at the box office, others ', 'several assaults have made headlines this month. Earlier this month at a California animal sanctuary owned by actress  Tippi Hedren , a tiger critically injured a 40-year-old worker when it repeatedly bit him. Also, a tiger attack at an Indian ', 'New York Daily News is reporting that Michael\'s pet tigers -- Thriller and Sabu -- have been adopted by actress  Tippi Hedren , who runs a huge animal sanctuary in California. Hedren, who starred in Alfred Hitchcock\'s "The Birds," is Melanie ', 'there\'s one very important one, and today he is not here." Griffith, the daughter of Alfred Hitchcock starlet  Tippi Hedren  and businessman Peter Griffith, suffered a blow when she learned recently that her father had died of complications ', 'there\'s one very important one, and today he is not here." Griffith, the daughter of Alfred Hitchcock starlet  Tippi Hedren  and businessman Peter Griffith, suffered a blow when she learned recently that her father had died of complications ', 'there\'s one very important one, and today he is not here." Griffith, the daughter of Alfred Hitchcock starlet  Tippi Hedren  and businessman Peter Griffith, suffered a blow when she learned recently that her father had died of complications ', 'there\'s one very important one, and today he is not here." Griffith, the daughter of Alfred Hitchcock starlet  Tippi Hedren  and businessman Peter Griffith, suffered a blow when she learned recently that her father had died of complications ', 'there\'s one very important one, and today he is not here." Griffith, the daughter of Alfred Hitchcock starlet  Tippi Hedren  and businessman Peter Griffith, suffered a blow when she learned recently that her father had died of complications ', 'there\'s one very important one, and today he is not here." Griffith, the daughter of Alfred Hitchcock starlet  Tippi Hedren  and businessman Peter Griffith, suffered a blow when she learned recently that her father had died of complications ', 'Calling Melanie Griffith! You re not just ANYONE! Spiritual Shill Let s review: Her mother was a famous movie actress ( Tippi Hedren , as in The Birds). She s been nominated for an Oscar. She lives a Hollywood life. She s been a spokesmodel for ', "Rey area of Los Angeles) generally go through a 12-step in-house program. Griffith is the daughter of actress  Tippi Hedren , one of Alfred Hitchcock's favorite leading ladies. She has been married four times (twice to actor Don Johnson ", "HBO's new film explores the relationship between Alfred Hitchcock and  Tippi Hedren ."]