['2012 Oscars: Jimmy Kimmel Welcomes Oprah Winfrey, Coldplay, and Debuts a Star-Studded Trailer', 'the years, an interview show where Kimmel and Winfrey simultaneously interview guests, speaking over one another, and " Oprah \' s Book Club  Fight Club," where the host would attack those who question her interpretations of the books. After the skits Kimmel ', "Michigan Avenue to watch the Black Eyed Peas, Jennifer Hudson, Rascal Flatts and James Taylor. A total of 65 books became  Oprah ' s Book Club  selections and nearly 2 million people joined Winfrey's book club. More than $80 million has been donated to Oprah's ", "Maria Shriver Appears at Oprah Winfrey's Star-Studded Farewell Surprise Show Taping", "Michigan Avenue to watch the Black Eyed Peas, Jennifer Hudson, Rascal Flatts and James Taylor. A total of 65 books became  Oprah ' s Book Club  selections and nearly 2 million people joined Winfrey's book club. More than $80 million has been donated to Oprah's ", "assistant when she gets out of rehab, and have her buy thousands of these sons of bitches, ten at a time. I don't need  Oprah ' s Book Club ; I'll spend myself into the goddamn poorhouse, buying my own books by the truckload, and then get me one of them government ", 'Media Mogul Opens Up to Barbara Walters on Personal Relationship With Gayle King, Stedman Graham', 'post-Oprah television landscape is in a state of flux, the publishing industry is positively reeling at the thought that  Oprah \' s Book Club  may not survive the talk show\'s demise. In 1996, the book club started as a small feature on "The Oprah Winfrey Show ', 'post-Oprah television landscape is in a state of flux, the publishing industry is positively reeling at the thought that  Oprah \' s Book Club  may not survive the talk show\'s demise. In 1996, the book club started as a small feature on "The Oprah Winfrey Show ', 'about people you won\'t forget," she says. It\'s No. 1 on the New York Times best-seller list and the selection for  Oprah \' s Book Club  for a reason. "Fall of Giants," by Ken Follett A sprawling saga with interconnected stories, Ken Follett\'s "Fall ', 'for Short Stories As the biggest book club in the world,  Oprah \' s Book Club  has nearly 2 million online members and each of its selections bookstores. "I think that across the industry, everyone thinks  Oprah \' s book club  is a good thing," she said. "She sells a lot of books ', 'Oprah Winfrey over the publication of James Frey\'s book, "A Million Little Pieces." Nan edited the memoir, which made  Oprah \' s Book Club , but the story was later discovered to be a hoax. Gay Talese also told ABC NEWS.com that he was working a new version ', 'led the class-action lawsuit against James Frey, the author of "A Million Little Pieces," a memoir promoted by  Oprah Winfrey \' s book club . Frey admitted fabricating parts of the book. Winfrey renounced her endorsement and some readers demanded their money ', 'her annual Christmas special. In addition to making huge strides in promoting literacy through her highly successful " Oprah \' s Book Club " segment, Winfrey herself took to publishing in 2000. Teaming with Hearst Publications, the media mogul launched "O ', 'I feel duped." " "You betrayed millions of readers," she said, noting that she had chosen his book as one of her  Oprah \' s Book Club  titles. Viswanathan says her apparent borrowing was an accident. A fan of McCafferty\'s work, she says she may have ', "productive in prison during your time. What sorts of things did you do I read you read what did you read. Anything from  Oprah ' s Book Club . No the kill a mockingbird all you Rentokil it. Everything. You I know you're big sports fan what are your favorite ", "do I read you read what -- did you read. Anything from Oprah's Book Club . No the kill a mockingbird all you Rentokil -- -- -- it. Everything. You I know you're big sports fan -- what ", "like I cannot enough I don't have words. Her impact on these businesses is just remarkable and good news for fans of  Oprah ' s Book Club  she said the franchise will live on an action in developing an entire show around the concept. For her opponent network ", "on these businesses is just remarkable and good news for fans of Oprah's Book Club she said the franchise will live on an action in developing an entire show around the concept. For her opponent network which ", "primary source of spirituality thinking it's equivalent there is no real truth so we'll take as many truth is we can.  Oprah ' s Book Club  on Eckert book and basically works neuwirth and the power now was the first one. He looks at all the religious traditions ", "no real truth so we'll take as many truth is we can. Oprah's Book Club on -- Eckert -- book and basically works neuwirth and the power now was the first one. He looks at all the "]