["Facing its first challenge of the Olympics, the U.S. women's basketball team turned up its defensive pressure and turned away Australia.Trailing early in the second half, U.S. coach Geno Auriemma turned to his Olympic rookies and the group -- led by Tina Charles and Lindsay Whalen -- pressured the Australians into turnovers and bad shots, sparking a pivotal scoring run in the third quarter to help the U.S. beat Australia 86-73 on Thursday.The Americans, playing for a fifth straight gold medal, will meet the winner of the France-Russia semifinal.Australia went right at the U.S. behind 6-foot-8 Liz Cambage, but the Americans' depth and pressure defense wore down another opponent.The Australian's budding star scored 19 points in the first half and Australia led 47-43 at halftime. But the Americans held her scoreless in the second half.The Americans had cruised through their first six games winning by an average of 38 points before facing the No. 2 team in the world in the semifinals -- a ...", "Now this was something new. The U.S. women's basketball team faced its first Olympic halftime deficit in 12 years Thursday night as it tried to reach the gold medal ...", "Elizabeth Cambage scored 19 points and Lauren Jackson added 18 points with nine rebounds to help Australia post a 72-63 win over Canada in the women's basketball tou...", "Australia Women's Basketball Needed A Half-Court Buzzer Beater To Force OT Against France, Still Lost", "The Australian women's basketball team has been the second best team in the world for a long time. In fact, they hadn't lost to a team besides the United States sinc...", "Emilie Gomis scored 22 points and France needed overtime to beat Australia, 74-70, in the women's basketball tournament.Celine Dumerc added 13 points for France, whi...", 'Emilie Gomis scored 22 points and France became the first team apart from the United States to beat Australia at the Olympics since 1996 with a 74-70 victory in over...', 'Sue Bird had 18 points, seven assists, five rebounds and three steals as the Seattle Storm held off the Phoenix Mercury 83-77 on Tuesday night.Camille Little added 1...']