['broke with the left in 1989, when Iran\'s Ayatollah Khomeini issued a fatwa against author Salman  Rushdie , claiming his novel "The  Satanic Verses " defamed Islam. In what would be a recurring theme in his work, Hitchens argued that liberals ', 'leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued one in 1989 condemning British writer Salman  Rushdie  to death, accusing him of blasphemy in his book The  Satanic Verses . More recently, fatwas have dealt with the question of whether suicide bombing is ', 'the Internet today. Video Watch Zawahri\'s Message Al Zawahri criticizes Britain for awarding author of " Satanic Verses " Salman  Rushdie  the title of knighthood and considers it a "clear message" to Muslims. "I tell Elizabeth and Blair ', 'the Internet today. Video Watch Zawahri\'s Message Al Zawahri criticizes Britain for awarding author of " Satanic Verses " Salman  Rushdie  the title of knighthood and considers it a "clear message" to Muslims. "I tell Elizabeth and Blair ', 'world-renowned author Salman  Rushdie  is no stranger to controversy His 1988 novel, "The  Satanic Verses ," sparked an international Ayatollah Khomeini called for  Rushdie \'s assassination because and romance. Salman  Rushdie : Happy love stories ', 'considered blasphemous in Islam. The conflict has echoes of the 1989 Iranian death sentence on Salman  Rushdie  for his novel "The  Satanic Verses ." While Muslims hold their religious beliefs as sacred, in the West, the right to free speech is ', 'offending magazine bore a front-page headline calling Samar "Afghanistan\'s Salman  Rushdie ," a reference to the author whose novel The  Satanic Verses  was declared "anti-Islamic" by Iranian clerics who called for his death. In its report ', "What's different from past events is how major Muslim leaders are condemning it. The fatwa against Salman  Rushdie  [after his novel  Satanic Verses  was condemned as blasphemous] brought more mixed reactions. They created a gray area. Now the Muslim ", 'death sentence on Salman  Rushdie  ahead of the 12th anniversary against Islam in his novel The  Satanic Verses . "The fatwah against the apostate  Rushdie  is irrevocable. We ask 2.8 million bounty on  Rushdie \'s head. The Guards ', 'Salman Rushdie\'s  "Joseph Anton": Death Warrant, Secret Police, 9 Years in Hiding', 'I recently spoke to the author Salman  Rushdie . Whose novel the  satanic verses . a fatwa a religious edict by the Ayatollah Khomeini the leader of Iran. Who accuse him of blasphemy. Just insulting Islam and ', 'I recently spoke to the author Salman Rushdie . Whose novel the satanic verses . -- -- a fatwa a religious edict by the Ayatollah Khomeini the leader of Iran. Who accuse him of blasphemy. Just -- ', "We have read about Salman  Rushdie 's trials for almost two years we know about the death sentence imposed by the late Ayatollah Khomeini. What we don't know ", "We have read about Salman Rushdie's trials for almost two years we know about the death sentence imposed by the late Ayatollah Khomeini. What we don't know is ", 'You may remember the world acclaimed novelist Salman  Rushdie  wrote his book the  satanic verses  the Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran issued a death threat against him. It has since been reversed but there was international outrage ', 'You may remember -- the world acclaimed novelist Salman Rushdie wrote his book the satanic verses the Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran issued a death threat against him. It has since been reversed but there was international outrage and ']