["Arnie Graf, co-director of the Industrial Areas Foundation, and Mike Gecan, an IAF trustee. IAF was founded by  Saul Alinsky  and works as a coalition of nonprofits, in a model similar to Nader's PIRG network.) Calls made to the Justice ", 'Wednesday, in Port Charles, La., a man asked Gingrich a question and stated that Obama was a Muslim and a student of  Saul Alinsky . Gingrich did not correct the man and later said in an interview with Fox News that he didn\'t "have an obligation ', 'believes President Obama is a Muslim and a student of  Saul Alinsky  . "And I believe that it\'s his policy to bring this he\'ll pay," Gingrich said. "I agree with you about  Alinsky . I think he\'s driven by a radicalism to remake America ', 'this country."  Saul Alinsky  What kind of influential author of " Rules for Radicals ," and Newt connection? Obama and  Alinsky  never met (he Obama as a " Saul Alinsky  radical." What say, \'I\'m  Saul Alinsky , I\'m studying ', 'creating jobs, he is for getting people dependent on government. I am for the Declaration of Independence, he is for  Saul Alinsky . I am for strength in foreign policy, he is for weakness in foreign policy," Gingrich said of Obama. "I think ', "PM Note: Rand Paul's 'Detention,' 18 Debates, Adelson's Millions, Keys to Florida", 'Asked by Fox News Channel\'s Ed Henry about Gingrich\'s continued suggestion that President Obama is "a classic  Saul Alinsky  radical," Carney said, "have I said how much fun I had as a reporter covering Congress from 1996 to 1998? There ', "Former Reporter Jay Carney Recalls 'Bombast' During Gingrich Era on Capitol Hill", 'on Fox News this morning to call Gingrich\'s line of attack "ignorant, dumb," and something he\'d expect from  Saul Alinsky  , the late Chicago activist who preached confrontation to ignite political change. "What the hell are you doing ', 'what about  Saul Alinsky ? As a young influenced by  Alinsky , the Chicago his book " Rules for Radicals " that confrontation president with  Alinsky , who died calling Obama a " Saul Alinsky  radical a lot more  Saul Alinsky  and radicalism warfare."  Alinsky , after all hold power.  Rules for Radicals  is written ', "The Capitalism Question, Dark Arts and Evangelicals in S.C., Brangelina and Romney's Roof Rider Returns (The PM Note)", 'instead. "I agree with you," said Gingrich who has used the class warfare argument before in branding Obama a " Saul Alinsky  Liberal." "It\'s an impossible theme to talk about with Obama in the background. Obama just makes it impossible ', 'New York City activists, angry at having been evicted from their encampment, began a "Day of Action" Thursday in an attempt to disrupt the New York Stock Exchange and transit in the city. Police arrested about 177 Occupy Wall Street protesters by the end of the day for actions like obstructing', "Because basically ultimately he will have to confront them. You know, just think of it, he has been trained by  Saul Alinsky , right? The great community organizer who wrote about political reform. In four stages, that's how he saw it "]