['Nuristan was farther north, a province so mythically untamed that one of the greatest writers of the English language,  Rudyard Kipling , had chosen it as the setting for his 1888 novella "The Man Who Would Be King." One of Kipling\'s British adventurers ', 'Don\'t let the smile fool you. (Getty Images ) "God could not be everywhere, therefore he made mothers," wrote  Rudyard Kipling , an obnoxiously good and articulate son, who, if alive today, would have undoubtedly taken out time a week ago ', '5, 2006, Hussein was found guilty of crimes against humanity and was sentenced to death. Famous Birthdays 1865  Rudyard Kipling  1945 Davy Jones 1953 Meredith Vieira 1959 Tracey Ullman 1961 Sean Hannity 1975 Tiger Woods 1978 Tyrese 1980 Eliza ', "including the nation's oldest art colony, Rocky Neck. Winslow Homer and Edward Hopper found inspiration here, and  Rudyard Kipling 's CaptainsCourageous, an earlier tale of Gloucester men against the sea, was filmed on location in 1937. They're ", 'local papers have been carrying daily stories about the hunt for "Bagheera," named after the friendly panther from  Rudyard Kipling \'s "The Jungle Book." The locals find the beast a tad less cuddly, however. They\'re afraid. Most of the buildings ', "U.K.'s most famous people are buried or commemorated at the church, including 17 monarchs, T.S. Eliot,  Rudyard Kipling , Isaac Newton, Jane Austen and Charles Darwin. Located west of the Palace of Westminster in the heart of London ", 'of OZ." Having been the victim of a horrific act of terrorism, the Coogee Dolphins show that, as the great poet  Rudyard Kipling  wrote in a poem that is, of course, much better known: "They can meet triumph and disaster, and treat those two ', 'Over the decades, the Post has printed work from such authors as C.S. Lewis, Agatha Christie, William Saroyan,  Rudyard Kipling , John Steinbeck, Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and F. Scott Fitzgerald. Lorimer, who became editor in 1899, made the ', "and a key battleground in a desperate and complicated fight to save India's national symbol from extinction. When  Rudyard Kipling  wrote The Jungle Book in 1894, a century after William Blake's evocative ode, as many as 50,000 Bengal tigers ", 'library but rather while watching football as a teenager that embattled Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich first heard the  Rudyard Kipling  poem he has publicly quoted ever since he was arrested last month and accused of attempting to sell the Senate seat ', 'blocked, he said, by a House chamber that "consistently stood in the way of those expansions." After quoting  Rudyard Kipling  at an earlier press conference, the governor this time drew from Alfred Lord Tennyson\'s "Ulysses," reciting ', "could find them. In a theatrical press conference the week after the prosecutors' criminal complaint, he quoted  Rudyard Kipling  in proclaiming his innocence -- notwithstanding the transcripts of taped conversations that by that time had become ", "And the fixer was from this remote region it's called nurse stands the man who would be king took place the old  Rudyard Kipling  on the dollar and then in the movie with Michael And this fixer. Found an insurgent and it was it was so bizarre ", 'stands -- the man who would be king took place the old Rudyard Kipling on the dollar and then in the movie with Michael -- And this fixer. Found an insurgent and it was it was ', "is a forcing depicted you know intellect that obviously is not her. You know there's a phrase from a column by  Rudyard Kipling  that says if you can bury his mission to tour you've spoken twisted by nature to make a trap for fools. We're ", "is not her. You know there's a phrase from a column by Rudyard Kipling that says if you can bury his mission to tour you've spoken twisted by nature to make a trap for fools. We're ", "higher herbal you know if He comes off the track record of a huge hit show. If he's clean that's a bigger if than  Rudyard Kipling  ever used he's gonna work and he's gonna make a lot of money working silence of the promise getting insurance ", "a huge hit show. If he's clean that's a bigger if than Rudyard Kipling ever used he's gonna work and he's gonna make a lot of money working silence of the promise getting insurance for guys ", 'for the food shall love those respect. It sounds good but these animals see it that way for free conflict. And the  Rudyard Kipling  once said words are the most powerful drug use by mankind will have so. This is the story of a full blown addict ', 'see it that way for -- free conflict. And -- -- the Rudyard Kipling once said words are the most powerful drug use by mankind will have so. This is the story of a full blown ', 'in the appropriate forum. In a court of law. And when I do I am absolutely certain. That I will be vindicated.  Rudyard Kipling  wrote. If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you if you can trust yourself ', 'when I do I am absolutely certain. That I will be vindicated. Rudyard Kipling wrote. If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you if you can ', "when He appeared before the press for the first time He didn't answer any questions but He did recites poetry of.  Rudyard Kipling  wrote. If you can keep your head when all of Bob you are losing theirs and blaming it you if you can trust yourself ", "time He didn't answer any questions but He did recites poetry of. Rudyard Kipling wrote. If you can keep your head when all of Bob you are losing theirs and blaming it -- you if you ", "when He appeared before the press for the first time He didn't answer any questions but He did recites poetry of.  Rudyard Kipling  wrote. If you can keep your head when all of Bob you are losing theirs and blaming it on you if you can trust yourself "]