['Abbie Boudreau combs beaches and poolsides in L.A. to see what people are reading this summer.', "forthcoming cookbook is at the top of amazon's best seller list from number 1500 to number one 1 and bea out best serls from  stephen king . Even game of thrones. And call it extreme makeover royal edition. Prince william and kate middleton have been ren ", 'number 1500 to number one 1 and bea out best serls from stephen king . Even game of thrones. And call it extreme makeover royal edition. Prince william and kate middleton have been ren fating their palace ', "Joining us now from our bureau in Miami novelist  Stephen King  king your books have certainly am incredibly popular. You've heard this discussion. In Jeff Green feels pieces. About all ", "Joining us now from our bureau in Miami novelist Stephen King -- king your books have certainly -- am incredibly popular. You've heard this discussion. In Jeff Green feels pieces. About all of ", "with the long time horror novelist  Stephen King  talking about his career where excerpt from conversation. With  Stephen King . But the ending. Without The you react. The steps. That is  Stephen King  that's tonight on real life line ", "might probably Jake Tapper. Sat down with the long time horror novelist Stephen King talking about his career where he's going in the movie that's coming out. An excerpt from -- conversation. With Stephen King . But the ending. Without -- The ending of the Novella. Is -- is ambiguous you don't know what's going to happen right ", "get under your skin and make you react. The steps. That is Stephen King that's tonight on real life line on the visit utilities hold an event flickering light -- foot of the -- Right after ", 'Chloe Grace Moretz, Julianne Moore star in latest adaptation of the  Stephen King  novel.', "There a lot of high school kids and especially some of your earlier literature or or loner types but that wasn't really your experience completely. dollar really what's in my experience but I certainly observed. Kids who were loners and kids who were at the bottom of the social pecking order which", "by the ghost of his past here's a look now at  Stephen king 's bag of bones. Can this time. And suspense so talk about Mike what drew you to this role.  Stephen King  wrote to  Stephen King  whose stories. He's so prolific in this particular ", "figuratively by the ghost of his past here's a look now at Stephen king's bag of bones. -- Can -- this time. -- -- -- And -- suspense right there Pierce Brosnan joining us now via ", "-- -- -- -- Mike -- what drew you to this role. Stephen King -- wrote to Stephen King whose stories. He's so prolific in this particular one is a much loved book aren't -- -- my agents at the beginning ", "spent the summer with my boys and we look devote all of Stephen king's films. And that was in -- and entertaining. And I realized I had a challenge on my hands to two to play ", 'assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. Universal background checks. Additional mental health services. Author  stephen king  is pulling his book, "rage," about a high school student who guns down faculty members, published in 1977 under ', 'weapons and high-capacity magazines. Universal background checks. Additional mental health services. Author stephen king is pulling his book, "rage," about a high school student who guns down faculty members, published in 1977 under the pseudonym richard ', "a compliment for talking about  Stephen King . As you know he's brought us we're joined by none other than  Stephen King  so good to see if it's nice to cannot believe I'm sit across from  Stephen King  talking about a love story this ", "He is the king of -- that's a compliment for talking about Stephen King . As you know he's brought us some of the scariest stories of all time from Kerry took the shining he spoke adults the world over. I have the super -- lights on thanks to him but now he's written dare I say a lot story -- -- story. Tell us about his change of heart we're joined by none other than Stephen King so good to see if it's nice to be here to have you here. You have said you're very proud of this ", "it about. Boasting a love story cannot believe I'm sit across from Stephen King talking about a love story this is closer romance -- -- I think we're gonna get from you. It is but it's ", "in Iraq and ready to -- a -- -- center. A man Stephen King man it's good to see again it's good to be here continued success to you think RI. ", "This tiny New England town which looks like a painting by Norman Rockwell. Is now the scene of a mystery worthy of  Stephen King  are treating it as a criminal investigation based on what we don't this time. Eleven year old Selena cast was last ", "by Norman Rockwell. Is now the scene of a mystery worthy of Stephen King are treating it as a criminal investigation based on what we don't this time. Eleven year old Selena cast was last seen ", "came about dark tower this event graphic novel rendition his dark dark I was a great novel also great comic book series  Stephen King  partnered with marvel to basically adapting the entire series into a comic book form. And it's really amazing because ", "-- dark I was a great novel also great comic book series Stephen King partnered with marvel to basically adapting the entire series into a comic book form. And it's really amazing because even if you've ", "something from they say. I hate. I don't like Hugh you freak me out. Prejudices stereotypes that you book we have  Stephen King  movie an old time look at that the you know walk around street sentiment people look at that the club let get away from ", 'me out. -- Prejudices stereotypes that -- -- you book we have Stephen King movie -- -- an old time look at that the you know walk around street sentiment -- people look at that the ', 'truck smashed by a falling power poll. You could see it from miles distance and it just look like something out of a  Stephen King  movie. In Indiana the streets and obstacle course of downed tree branches and is and keep control the car and assists ', '-- miles distance and it just look like something out of a Stephen King movie. In Indiana the streets and obstacle course of downed tree branches and is -- -- and keep control the car and ', 'with about one and a half million dollars. By 1997. He had apparently skipped to the US under the aliases Michael and  Stephen King . Moving states every couple of years until settling in Missouri with his wife and two sons I just found out today that ', 'had apparently skipped to the US under the aliases Michael -- and Stephen King . Moving states every couple of years until settling in Missouri with his wife and two sons I just found out today that ', "Straight line winds similar to tornado. Power lines and poles leaning and it just looked like something out of a  Stephen King  movie it's terrific there's carnage everywhere. Carnage and death in several states Virginia particularly hard ", "and poles leaning and it just looked like something out of a Stephen King movie it's terrific there's carnage everywhere. Carnage and death in several states Virginia particularly hard hit at least six died there. Including ", "sounds fantastic it's based on a  Stephen King  novel that right so we can expect called the kid and pretty much what  Stephen King  does for novel kind of set place exempted they work get all the  Stephen King  like he is completely separate ", "Exciting congratulations on YouTube series it sounds fantastic it's based on a Stephen King novel that right so we can expect lots of -- yes it's based on a little Novella called the -- -- -- kid and pretty much what Stephen King does for -- -- -- novel -- kind of set -- -- place. This small town -- kind of a big mysteries ", "the writers there are yet. I'm exempted they work get all the Stephen King -- like he is -- completely separate from now I -- and David they have very much sought his approval and his ", "Exactly. And next under the dome by  Stephen King  you know I know this the size of it by new years. As with every  Stephen King  starting on the first page it's the head if either Dean Koontz or  Stephen King . I think they'd be kind of interest ", "and these these fascinating culture. Exactly. And next under the dome by Stephen King you know I know this -- -- the size of the small -- and if you started Christmas he'll finish it by new years. As with every Stephen King starting on the first page it's scary wild stuff -- -- on takes place in the small town in Maine. And -- ", "spend about five minutes inside the head if either Dean Koontz or Stephen King . I think they'd be kind of interest in -- if you can -- -- we're at a time I don't care. Rawlins ", "the overlook hotel in the shining  Stephen King  stayed here. What you wrote this there but the nonetheless I'd  Stephen King  was resident quite a while He wrote write write them. Right exactly  Stephen King  who didn't much like trying to ", 'here may even recognize it as the overlook hotel in the shining Stephen King stayed here. What you wrote this Chinese state route 217 which is what their regularly requested. And affect the movie was shot ', "the book that may have. Shot there but the nonetheless I'd -- Stephen King was resident -- -- quite a while He wrote that book and write write them. Right exactly Stephen King who didn't much like -- trying to understand it went back and made his own TV version of it -- I guess it must have shot some of the there. And I want to talk to the manager there's so that was one on one Long Island good low period when there wasn't much business that Stephen King came in. Hold up He wasn't very famous general that spooky book in the in the back of the hotel there. And ", 'It is like something out of  Stephen King  an entire population suddenly shut off from the rest the world. Trapped by an invisible bear unable to escape an airborne toxic ', 'It is like something out of Stephen King an entire population suddenly shut off from the rest the world. Trapped by an invisible bear unable to escape an airborne toxic ', "scariest movies members seen. You picked a reel classics don't think you it's still freaks me out this is based on  Stephen king 's book Kerry and I don't know he has never seen this movie my parents rented it when I was little and then don't ", "don't think you it's still freaks me out this is based on Stephen king's book Kerry and I don't know he has never seen this movie my parents rented it when I was little and then "]