['Eben Alexander (Simon & Schuster) 2. "Joyland" by  Stephen King  (Hard Case Crime) 3. "Inquebrantable: Mi Historia Cheryl Strayed (Vintage) 9. "Under the Dome" by  Stephen King  (Gallery Books) 10. "Flight Behavior" by Barbara ', 'Eben Alexander (Simon & Schuster) 2. "Joyland" by  Stephen King  (Hard Case Crime) 3. "Entwined with You" by Sylvia by Nora Roberts (Berkley) 8. "Under the Dome" by  Stephen King  (Gallery Books) 9. "Flight Behavior" by Barbara ', "Have Appeared as Contestants Journalists and celebrities including Anderson Cooper, Chris Wallace, Jodie Foster,  Stephen King , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Buzz Aldrin have tried their luck on the celebrity version of the show. Computer Beats 'Jeopardy ", 'expanding their reading lists. "When I was a kid, you didn\'t have \'new adult,\' you had \'Valley of the Dolls\' and  Stephen King , so how is this any different?" said Kira Egan, an assistant book seller for Bank Street Bookstore in New York City ', 'know Chloe Grace Moretz\'s name. The "Hugo" star plays Carrie in the film remake that is based off the novel by  Stephen King . In the minute-long teaser trailer, Moretz is seen covered in blood and standing in a burning town. Sissy Spacek ', 'creator Hart Hanson, who described how fans asked for hugs instead of autographs from the 54-year-old star. Author  Stephen King  spoke about Duncan\'s biggest role as John Coffey in "The Green Mile," saying, "No one has ever done a character ', 'starred alongside Tom Hanks in the 1999 adaptation of  Stephen King \'s serialized novel. In the role, Duncan portrayed directorial debut "The Shawshank Redemption" with another  Stephen King  adaptation, 1999\'s "The Green Mile." The acclaimed ', "reportedly been living under a brother's name, Michael Maher, but had also used several other phony names, including  Stephen King , while in the U.S. The man's true identity was discovered after Ozark police were given an anonymous tip that ", 'Ann Beattie: The New Yorker Stories," by Ann Beattie "Rescue," by Anita Shreve "Full Dark, No Stars," by  Stephen King  "The Last Days of Ptolemy Grey," by Walter Mosley "American Assassin," by Vince Flynn CLICK HERE for our special ', 'Do you dare to fly ... in the dead zone? You should. You\'ll save a buck or two. You might even save hundreds.  Stephen King \'s readers will recognize the term "dead zone" from the frightening suspense novel he published in 1979; as the ', 'was the inspiration for one of  Stephen King \'s most haunting novels: "The is sitting at the piano. As for  Stephen King , the room he slept in -- Room on Channel 42. The Hotel Behind  Stephen King \'s \'The Shining\' For those looking ', 'Park, Colo., may sound familiar as the place that inspired the spooked-out fictional Overlook Hotel made famous in  Stephen King \'s "The Shining." Now offering ghost tours to highlight its creepy past, the Stanley is among a host of haunts ', 'watch TV and not work out." And apparently not hitting the hay. Even though Portland is birthplace to horror writer  Stephen King , and bratpacker Judd Nelson , and our jaw-clenched former president George H.W. Bush summers just south in Kennebunkport ', "amy robach. So, I thought, you know -- she couldn't put this down. I have this at any house. The idea is that  stephen king  creates this time travel where they go back to try to prevent the aassassination of jfk. They try to prevent crimes ", 'this down. I have this at any house. The idea is that stephen king creates this time travel where they go back to try to prevent the aassassination of jfk. They try to prevent crimes. I ', "forthcoming cookbook is at the top of amazon's best seller list from number 1500 to number one 1 and bea out best serls from  stephen king . Even game of thrones. And call it extreme makeover royal edition. Prince william and kate middleton have been ren ", 'number 1500 to number one 1 and bea out best serls from stephen king . Even game of thrones. And call it extreme makeover royal edition. Prince william and kate middleton have been ren fating their palace ', "Joining us now from our bureau in Miami novelist  Stephen King  king your books have certainly am incredibly popular. You've heard this discussion. In Jeff Green feels pieces. About all ", "Joining us now from our bureau in Miami novelist Stephen King -- king your books have certainly -- am incredibly popular. You've heard this discussion. In Jeff Green feels pieces. About all of ", "with the long time horror novelist  Stephen King  talking about his career where excerpt from conversation. With  Stephen King . But the ending. Without The you react. The steps. That is  Stephen King  that's tonight on real life line ", "might probably Jake Tapper. Sat down with the long time horror novelist Stephen King talking about his career where he's going in the movie that's coming out. An excerpt from -- conversation. With Stephen King . But the ending. Without -- The ending of the Novella. Is -- is ambiguous you don't know what's going to happen right ", "get under your skin and make you react. The steps. That is Stephen King that's tonight on real life line on the visit utilities hold an event flickering light -- foot of the -- Right after ", 'Chloe Grace Moretz, Julianne Moore star in latest adaptation of the  Stephen King  novel.', "There a lot of high school kids and especially some of your earlier literature or or loner types but that wasn't really your experience completely. dollar really what's in my experience but I certainly observed. Kids who were loners and kids who were at the bottom of the social pecking order which", "by the ghost of his past here's a look now at  Stephen king 's bag of bones. Can this time. And suspense so talk about Mike what drew you to this role.  Stephen King  wrote to  Stephen King  whose stories. He's so prolific in this particular ", "figuratively by the ghost of his past here's a look now at Stephen king's bag of bones. -- Can -- this time. -- -- -- And -- suspense right there Pierce Brosnan joining us now via ", "-- -- -- -- Mike -- what drew you to this role. Stephen King -- wrote to Stephen King whose stories. He's so prolific in this particular one is a much loved book aren't -- -- my agents at the beginning ", "spent the summer with my boys and we look devote all of Stephen king's films. And that was in -- and entertaining. And I realized I had a challenge on my hands to two to play "]