['behind.  Stieg Larsson \'s trilogy began with " The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo " is also survey: 2. " The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo ," by  Stieg Larsson  3. " The Girl Who Kicked The Hornets \'  Nest ," by  Stieg Larsson  4. "Fifty Collins 6. " The Girl Who Played With Fire ," by  Stieg Larsson  7. "Fifty ', 'Stieg Larsson , the Swedish author of long-time companion  Eva Gabrielsson  is still fighting for finish his fourth book.  Eva Gabrielsson  is already waiting on character, a creation of  Stieg Larsson , and a brilliant one ', 'died on Sept. 18, 1970, at age 27. 10.  Stieg Larsson  Author  Stieg Larsson  did not live to see the global success of his three-book series that began with " The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo ." He died Nov. 9, 2004, at age 50 ', 'as Lisbeth Salander in " The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ." Rooney Mara is nothing short of amazing in "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo  ." There\'s the slew of more disturbing. Fans of  Stieg Larsson  know the story: Salander\'s ', 'did help with that." Columbia Pictures 11. \' The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo \' Will Lisbeth Salander live up to expectations The hotly anticipated first film, based on  Stieg Larsson \'s runaway best-selling Millenium Trilogy ', '21. Columbia Pictures  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo  Just two years ago, a Swedish-language version of " The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ," based on the bestselling trilogy by  Stieg Larsson , was released in theaters ', "'Girl With the Dragon Tattoo' Costume Designer on Devising Lisbeth Salander-Inspired Clothing Line", 'Sweden is the setting of  the  " Girl With the Dragon Tattoo " film, which is adapted from the first novel of  Stieg Larsson \'s international best-selling finally paid off.\'" " The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo " film opens in theaters ', 'according to the 2010 Forbes magazine "Top Earning Dead Celebrities" list. He ranks eighth after Michael Jackson (1),  Stieg Larsson  (6) and Dr. Seuss (7). All royalties go to the Israeli university for scholarships and research. The man behind ', 'death of  Stieg Larsson  , one of legacy.  Eva Gabrielsson , the author\'s trilogy -- " The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo ," " The Girl Who Played With Fire " and "The picture of  Stieg Larsson  and his life author of "  Stieg Larsson , My Friend ', 'Eva Gabrielsson  explains the idea that led to " The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ."', "Stieg Larsson's  longtime partner on the creation of character Lisbeth Salander."]