["The secretive court that weighs whether to let the U.S. spy on terror and espionage suspects would have to hear from lawyers arguing against doing so under a new plan introduced Thursday on the heels of Congress' rejection of sharp limits on government surveillance. Full story", 'TrendingTunisiaUnited AirlinesretireesGeneral MotorsAfghanistaneurosNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', 'A divided House voted down an amendment that would have defunded the program used to collect data from private phone records. Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., discusses. ', "NSA Director General Keith Alexander says the information leaked by Edward Snowden has altered the way some terror groups are communicating. NBC's Pete Williams reports. ", 'Chris Hayes talks with Rachel Sklar about the controversy that everyone has an opinion on: the Rolling Stone cover of Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.', 'epa03779039 A handout photo issued by the Ministry of Defence of radical cleric Abu Qatada boarding a private flight at RAF Northolt, near London 7 July 2013 . The terrorism suspect was deported to Jordan after  nearly ten years of legal wrangling to send him back to face terrorism charges. The 53 y', 'A private jet containing terror suspect Abu Qatada prepares to leave RAF Northalt in London', 'A private jet containing terror suspect Abu Qatada prepares to leave RAF Northalt in London  on July 7, 2013.  The  jet carrying hardline Islamist cleric Abu Qatada took off from an airfield in Britain bound for Jordan on July 7, 2013, ending a nearly decade-long battle by successive governments to ', 'A TV hit several times with paintballs sits in the corner of the apartment rented by terror suspects John Nuttall and Amanada Korody in Surrey', 'A TV hit several times with paintballs sits in the corner of the apartment rented by terror suspects John Nuttall and Amanada Korody in Surrey, British Columbia July 3, 2013. Both were arrested by Royal Canadian Mounted Police after they allegedly planned to place bombs on the grounds of the British', 'Royal Canadian Mounted Police Assistant Commissioner Wayne Rideout displays a picture of pressure cookers used by two individuals arrested while conspiring to commit a terrorist attack  in Surrey', 'Royal Canadian Mounted Police Assistant Commissioner Wayne Rideout displays a picture of pressure cookers used by two individuals arrested while conspiring to commit a terrorist attack in Surrey, British Columbia July 2, 2013. The two people took steps to build explosive devices and planned to place']