['noticeably more alert. She also managed to make new friends, becoming a part of what staff members at the Hebrew Home call " the clique ," a group of Spanish-speaking women who love to gossip as much as they love one another. For family members, the ', 'decades in power Mugabe has systematically destroyed his own country, skimming billions for himself, his family and  the clique  of generals, policemen and cronies who help preserve his power. This week, the top two Anglican prelates in Britain ', 'Welcome to " The Clique ." If you are a teenage or tween girl At a recent bookstore signing for " The Clique " series in Laguna Beach, Calif Not Your Mom\'s Childhood Books " The Clique " books, though, are very different ', "smooth animation, professional voice acting, and a theme song, Incredible, performed by up-and-coming artists  The Clique  Girlz. Serious fans of the film or young players might get something out of The Princess Bride Game , but there's ", "Did you ever find yourself in a clique, or excluded by one? The problem with a clique mentality is that people inside  the clique  constantly scrutinize those on the outside. This behavior is different from feedback, critique or direction; it's ", 'long? And who is to blame? Principal Accused of Letting the Girls Go Wild Some are pointing fingers at the mother of  the clique \'s ringleader, who was also the school\'s principal. "This culture developed where the principal\'s daughter and ', "and judgment of each other weakens their friendships and effectively isolates all of them. This is what the power of  the clique  is all about, and why it matters so much to your daughter's safety and self-esteem. Once I figured this out, I ", 'smuggling to all sides in the conflict; the Bosnians, the Kosovars, and even the enemy Serbs. They accused him and  the clique  of pocketing the profits from such deals. The arms appeared to be coming from Russia and some of the former Soviet states ', 'smuggling to all sides in the conflict; the Bosnians, the Kosovars, and even the enemy Serbs. They accused him and  the clique  of pocketing the profits from such deals. The arms appeared to be coming from Russia and some of the former Soviet states ', "They've been called the best new girl group tween singing sensation click girls here it tells all about the exciting things that on their lives welcome Paris that in output I think having girls here thinking and having eaten at first things first deadline who's who Destiny fourteen and parents and", "Now it's time to meet that girls the new hot to help from New Jersey. And at the age of 1213. And fourteen they have found success and are already being compared to the mega popular Jonas Brothers. Is there had to be joined by sisters Paris and destiny in a row and their best friend aerial war", 'We turn out to a literary rage among many tween girls the click books series has sold millions of copies but this is a far cry from Nancy true. The world is more Gossip Girl with the hills where fashion obsessed mean girls clash an alpha females come on on top. This series has attracted its share']