['to Los Angeles. "Winnie-the-Pooh" is published by author A. A. Milne.; F. Scott Fiztgerald publishes " The Great Gatsby ." Marilyn Monroe, Hugh Hefner, Jerry Lewis, Mel Brooks and Fidel Castro were also born in 1926. St. Louis Cardinals ', '8 million: Rated PG-13 "for intense frightening zombie sequences, violence and disturbing images." 9. " THE GREAT GATSBY ," Warner Bros., $142.5 million: Rated PG-13 "for some violent images." 10. "Despicable Me 2," Universal ', "'The Wolf on Wall Street' Trailer Shows Leonardo DiCaprio Rolling in Mega-Wealth Debauchery", 'being found guilty of securities fraud and money laundering in 1998. (Paramount Pictures/YouTube) Fresh off his " Great Gatsby " success, DiCaprio, who plays Belfort, again is painted as a party king of monstrous wealth - except this time his ', 'compelling. As with Siri, you can ask the assistant "Where is the closest Chinese restaurant?" or "What time is \' The Great Gatsby \' playing?" But the main reason I use Google Now is because it anticipates my informational needs. It knows what ', 'Versailles in France with Victoria\'s Secret model Toni Garrn. The two have been linked since May. The 38-year-old " Great Gatsby " actor and 20-year-old model were joined by a large group, including DiCaprio\'s longtime friend Lukas Haas ', 'Rodham Clinton in a biopic of the former first lady and secretary of state. According to The Hollywood Reporter , " The Great Gatsby " actress is said to be producers Temple Hill and The Arlook Group\'s top choice to play the lead in "Rodham" and ', "Festival charity auction as star-studded as one of  the Great Gatsby 's parties, a pitch rang out that sounded like a sci-fi maiden voyage of Virgin Galactic sitting right next to  Gatsby , himself, Leonardo DiCaprio. It was not clear who ", 'For the next week and a half, A-list stars (including the cast of " The Great Gatsby ," which kicked things off Wednesday) will walk the red carpet at the glitzy Cannes Film Festival. But what\'s life like behind ', 'about adaptation of " The Great Gatsby ," and not just about how the classic  F .  Scott Fitzgerald  novel was rendered inspired by the film. " Gatsby "-Inspired Looks com REVIEW: Is \' The Great Gatsby \' Worth All the Hype ', 'prosperity, the more-empowered role of women, the end of World War I, the evolution of jazz music and bootlegging. " The Great Gatsby ," set in Long Island, N.Y., in the 1920\'s, has this iconic moment in fashion as its backdrop. Sasha/Getty ', "prosperity, the more empowered role of women, the end of World War I, the evolution of jazz music and bootlegging.  The Great Gatsby , set in Long Island, NY in the 1920's, has this iconic moment in fashion as its backdrop. Sasha/Getty Images ", 'the classic  F .  Scott Fitzgerald  novel of the same name, " The Great Gatsby " casts Tobey aesthetic is " The Great Gatsby \'s" only real party scenes in  Gatsby \'s ostentatious press for " The Great Gatsby ," both Luhrmann ', 'baz lure men at the  f .  Scott fitzgerald  plaza. And we talked american classic.  Gatsby . I can feel the hunger or the legend of jay  gatsby . Turns into a dark psychological journey.  Gatsby  is the hamlet of america joins us tomorrow and " the great gatsby " is in theaters tomorrow ', 'it brings moviegoers in the ago. leonardo DiCaprio joins us tomorrow and " the great gatsby " is in theaters tomorrow. ', "suffer for you always say it glamorous job in a movie critic not at The garbage that I Did you see  The Great Gatsby  DGC have  F .  Scott Fitzgerald  who wrote that novel should be turning in his grave over what Basil or amended to this That's after ", "critic not at -- The garbage that I -- Did you see The Great Gatsby DGC have F Scott Fitzgerald who wrote that novel should be turning in his grave over what Basil or amended to this -- -- That's after -- ", 'Reporter: The roaring \'20s are so right now. With the visually stunn " the great gatsby " leaving us gasping for flapper fashions. Decadent movie focused around a deck depth time, diamonds and crystal embellished dresses and he headbands ', 'Leonardo DiCaprio and the star-studded cast brought the glamour of the 1920s to New York City.', 'think -- there\'s animal farm. Also on that list, perfect timing with that recent movie. LEONARDO DEE KiCAPRIO AS  THE GREAT Gatsby . Students at this school were told to read this book, "the great gypsy." We have seen this pitcher on the mound ', 'that list, perfect timing with that recent movie. LEONARDO DEE KiCAPRIO AS THE GREAT Gatsby . Students at this school were told to read this book, "the great gypsy." We have seen this pitcher on the mound. Cincinnati ', 'And the trailer features jay-z and kanye west song, "no church in the wild." Also, the rocking version of the  f .  Scott fitzgerald  classic, opens in may. leo DiCaprio starring in that one. Beyonce, not by jay-z\'s side. He was busy performing ', 'song, "no church in the wild." Also, the rocking version of the f . Scott fitzgerald classic, opens in may. leo DiCaprio starring in that one. Beyonce, not by jay-z\'s side. He was busy performing for a private ', 'Yeah. Who knew her twenty And the city can assure people and buildings were higher. Attorneys being. The moves from. Restlessness and kind of skater and he Yeah yeah. That he. Thought the timing who. Acquaintance partners coordinate. Treatment interstate. You only. Institute as. She never loved']