['rank. According to Ebony, the names are listed "in no particular order." Rapper/singer Nicki Minaj, author  Toni Morrison , the Rev. T.D. Jakes, entertainers Beyonce and her husband Jay Z., writer and educator Henry Louis Gates ', 'freedom to music icon Bob Dylan, former astronaut John Glenn (the first American in space), best-selling novelist  Toni Morrison , and 10 others. The other honorees included Albright, former Justice Department official John Doar, a pivotal civil ', 'Panetta on Capitol Hill, Obama to honor Israeli president, plus more to watch for Wednesday in politics', 'unable to attend a ceremony on May 29, when Obama gave the honor to Madeleine Albright, John Glenn, Bob Dylan,  Toni Morrison , John Paul Stevens and Pat Summitt, among others. First lady Michelle Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary ', 'Bob Dylan, John Glenn, Pat Summitt among Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients', "at the White House. Dylan, former astronaut John Glenn (the first American in space), best-selling novelist  Toni Morrison , and 10 others received the medal from Obama in the mansion's ornate East Room, with top officials like Attorney ", 'Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist  Toni Morrison  and former astronaut and U.S shared a similar connection with  Toni Morrison , saying her prose "brings us 2012 "The Year of the Girl."  Toni Morrison  One of our nation\'s most celebrated ', "Chris Pizzello/AP Photo What do music legend Bob Dylan, former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and novelist  Toni Morrison  have in common? Today they will join the small but elite club of political and cultural icons to receive the nation's ", 'Romney set to clinch nomination, Edwards jury still at it, plus more to watch for Tuesday in politics', 'former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, former astronaut John Glenn, singer-songwriter Bob Dylan and novelist  Toni Morrison . The first lady will appear on ABC\'s "Good Morning America"and "The View"and Comedy Central\'s "The Daily ', 'not-so-fitting title. Supporters of then-President Bill Clinton dubbed him the "first black president" for his work with the African American community. The term was first used by author  Toni Morrison  in a 1998 issue of The New Yorker.', 'Bob Dylan, John Glenn, Toni Morrison  to receive Presidential Medal of Freedom from Obama', 'Bob Dylan, John Glenn,  Toni Morrison  and Madeleine Albright will be among the 13 prominent figures their 100th Anniversary, calling 2012 "The Year of the Girl."  Toni Morrison  One of our nation\'s most celebrated novelists, Morrison is ', 'Visionaries: Inside the Creative Mind." The first features celebrities dispensing life lessons. Jay-Z, Bono,  Toni Morrison , Simon Cowell, Lorne Michaels and Condoleezza Rice are rumored to have signed on. "Visionaries" looks at the minds ', 'Nella Larsen, Zora Neale Hurston and Countee Cullen, and Toni Cade Bambara and James Baldwin, John Edgar Wideman and  Toni Morrison  all confirm the truth in Langston Hughes\' claim that "The Negro Speaks of Rivers." This tradition has cultivated ', "Oprah Winfrey's OWN Cast of Characters: Rosie O'Donnell, Gayle King, Julia Roberts and More", 'Visionaries: Inside the Creative Mind." The first features celebrities dispensing life lessons. Jay-Z, Bono,  Toni Morrison , Simon Cowell, Lorne Michaels and Condoleezza Rice are rumored to have signed on. "Visionaries" looks at the minds ', "got to get my prized right there  Toni Morrison  has got a new novel out of mercy enthusiasts. Donna Brazil and  Toni Morrison  thank you both so much for being joys of the campaign is meeting  Toni Morrison  and learning she's exactly as ", 'Nobel Prize for adding other got to get my prized right there Toni Morrison has got a new novel out of mercy and ABC news. Consultant democratic strategist Donna Brazile thanks to both for being with ', "that we both share would be known this enthusiasts. Donna Brazil and Toni Morrison thank you both so much for being with us and Tony I saw an interview with -- then Senator Obama and these have one of the greatest joys of the campaign is meeting Toni Morrison and learning she's exactly as you hoped she'd be when -- So he's a writer and other right there. ", "the the books what she feels that she has learned something from all of them east of Eden John Steinbeck a new by The  Toni Morrison 's a blue asylum is. And remains a voracious reader. And we're gonna celebrate our tenth anniversary hope you'll ", "east of Eden John Steinbeck a new -- by -- -- The Toni Morrison's a blue asylum is. And remains a voracious reader. And we're gonna celebrate our tenth anniversary -- hope you'll come Mother's Day ", "Review it's great you know when you get the right gift it sends a message about both the UN the receiver in this book  Toni Morrison  won the Nobel Prize it says hey I know you'll like smart looks at me like great literature. Beautifully written ", "sends a message about both the UN the receiver in this book Toni Morrison won the Nobel Prize it says hey I know you'll like smart looks at me like great literature. Beautifully written very very ", 'little more off Say where the John I think He wants white males. The Nobel. Prize winning African American author  Toni Morrison  famously observed about Bill Clinton quote. This is our first black president. Blacker than any actual black person ', 'think He wants white males. The Nobel. Prize winning African American author Toni Morrison famously observed about Bill Clinton quote. This is our first black president. Blacker than any actual black person who could ever be ', "endorsements we're hearing people that you know like  Toni Morrison  who had come out initially and said Clinton was the fascinating yet ABC news that climate that story this morning  Toni Morrison  who did make that statement about the Oakland in the ", "getting again that of endorsements we're hearing people that you know like Toni Morrison who had come out initially and said Clinton was the first black president has now. She sounds like she's switching gears also. That's fascinating yet ABC news that climate that story this morning -- Toni Morrison who did make that statement about the Oakland in the -- is going to endorse Barack Obama. -- also appeared today in ", "And then over the course of numerous sessions they've learned how to respond to their to talk play and as writer  Toni Morrison  so eloquently put it to have their eyes light up when their children. I'm going to be able to. Change the course ", "how to respond to their -- to talk play and as writer Toni Morrison so eloquently put it to have their eyes light up when their children. -- -- I'm going to be able to. Change "]