["screens because they're watching more visual content and not making as many phone calls. And  word of the year  is hash tag the  American Dialect Society  chosen over fiscal gangland style and 47%. But the word its title when the only text on the ", 'more visual content and not making as many phone calls. And -- word of the year is hash tag the American Dialect Society chosen over fiscal -- gangland style and 47%. But the word -- its title when the only text on the cover of ', 'seen in our everyday language. The verb Google is in the dictionary and has now been named the  word of the decade  by the  American Dialect Society . Google beat out tech related finalists including blog text and wife fought as well as phrases ', 'verb Google is in the dictionary and has now been named the word of the decade by the American Dialect Society . Google beat out tech related finalists including blog text and wife fought as well as phrases like 9/11 and war on terror. ', "the new Oxford American dictionary has named hyper smiling it's  word of the year  describes people. Who push their cars gas tank to the limit to up on the side of the road by the time Oxford chooses its next  word of the year .", "hyper smiling the new Oxford American dictionary has named hyper smiling it's word of the year describes people. Who push their cars gas tank to the limit to get the best mileage possible. With gas prices coming down these days -- -- could end up on the side of the road by the time Oxford chooses its next word of the year . ", "Oxford American dictionary has named hyper smiling it's  word of the year  describes people. Who push their cars gas tank to the limit the side of the road by the time Oxford chooses its next  word of the year . And finally from the webcast the best selling author of ", "hyper smiling the new Oxford American dictionary has named hyper smiling it's word of the year describes people. Who push their cars gas tank to the limit to get the best mileage possible. The gas prices coming down these days -- -- could end up on the side of the road by the time Oxford chooses its next word of the year . And finally from the webcast the best selling author of the tipping point and blink is back with a new book in ", "letting people know long term we are going to be fine. hope is really what we're talking about a that's been up the  word of the year . But now we're talking about real hope and real hope honestly it doesn't come from Washington it comes from you getting ", "hope is really what we're talking about a that's been up the word of the year . But now we're talking about real hope and real hope honestly it doesn't come from Washington it comes from you getting up ", 'Webcast: Best and Worst Campaign Ads, Somali Pirates Free Hostages, Baghdad Back to Normal?', "Also writing today in Google search the folks behind Merriam Webster's dictionary announced their  word of the year  today and the  word of the year  is won't. The word spelled W 00 T is a hybrid of letters and numbers used by computer gamers ", "today in Google search the folks behind Merriam Webster's dictionary announced their word of the year today and the word of the year is won't. The word spelled W 00 T is a hybrid of letters and numbers used by computer gamers. As an explanation ", "Also writing today Google search the folks behind Merriam Webster's dictionary announced their  word of the year  today and the  word of the year  is won't. The word spelled W 00 T is a hybrid of letters and numbers used by computer gamers ", "today -- Google search the folks behind Merriam Webster's dictionary announced their word of the year today and the word of the year is won't. The word spelled W 00 T is a hybrid of letters and numbers used by computer gamers as an explanation "]