["To borrow from  Lewis Carroll 's Alice, Mitt Romney just gets curiouser and curiouser by the minute. Ever since Romney told a crowd in Chicago that his father ", 'Tim Burton\'s " Alice in Wonderland " looks exactly adaptation of the  Lewis Carroll  fairy tale ever from Burton\'s " Alice in Wonderland " debuted at pop of Burton\'s " Alice in Wonderland ," which hits theaters ', 'and brisk pacing will win James some fans eager for his next offering." "Alice\'s Adventures in Wonderland," by  Lewis Carroll  This classic is a great choice for an e-book the whole family will love. "Compromising Positions," by Jenna Bayley-Burke ', 'the edge and forced me to be even more creative." Like others who say their art was inspired by their visions --  Lewis Carroll , Edgar Allen Poe and Sylvia Plath -- Silva says she feels a "kinship." "I always kind of felt like I was running ', 'represented by 1 km of the map) that had revealed errors in the location of actual roads and buildings. (Spokesperson  Lewis Carroll  assured reporters that the maps would be annotated to reflect the real-world errors.) Then there was a post about ', "alternate-reality gamer, typically very tuned in and tech savvy, enters a game through a rabbit hole a la  Lewis Carroll . Well, almost.  Lewis Carroll  didn't have a computer -- but just as Alice followed the white rabbit into his hole to discover ", 'evolutionary origins of belief, called "Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast." The title comes from  Lewis Carroll \'s classic " Through the Looking Glass ," when Alice tells the White Queen that she cannot believe in impossible things. "I dare say ', 'basis whatsoever." "It is a sentencing scheme straight from the mind of  Lewis Carroll ," he wrote in recent court papers, referring to the author of " Alice in Wonderland ." All of the sentences are within the statutory maximum and every federal ', "fact for you. Many of the most popular children's book authors: Margaret Rey, J.M. Barrie, Margaret Wise,  Lewis Carroll , C.S. Lewis and Dr. Seuss -- never had kids themselves. Even though they lacked the experience of being parents ", "prime time medical mysteries. Remember  Alice in Wonderland  and that little sign that said me and She share a rare condition called yeah  Alice in Wonderland  syndrome. of course after  Lewis Carroll 's famous childhood fairy tale it. You ", "had any explanation. She -- -- share a rare condition called yeah Alice in Wonderland syndrome. -- of course after Lewis Carroll's famous childhood fairy tale it. You can always access this webcast by logging on to abcnews.com. Or on ABC news now. I'm ", "and all of those movies.  Lewis Carroll 's  Alice in Wonderland  itself when I encountered reading it to lessen. The way  Lewis Carroll  kind of plays with logic and good Intel's first of all  Lewis Carroll 's books are brilliant I ", "and love like elaborate than princess bride and all of those movies. Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland itself when I encountered as a child. I was horrified by real hurry up. I remember my mother reading it to lessen. The way Lewis Carroll kind of plays with logic and turns everything on its head as a child I was still like trying to figure out what was real and and so encountering it all messed with it was terrible and like really disturbing but then you know. Coming to it isn't -- it's it's a whole different experience -- -- -- it -- -- when asked about Tim Burton and you can get another version coming out pretty soon what. Think it is about the story that so appealing. I do have theories about good Intel's first of all Lewis Carroll's books are brilliant I mean he's written stories than a 150 years later we're still fascinated by and I think there's something really. It taps into something deeply human. You know fears and anxieties -- and delight to fit that. We can still relate to -- But in terms of why right now Alice in Wonderland has taught me nothing -- Fuzzy I mean might serious it you know. Post 9/11 in the world changed dramatically. In so ", 'that this is occurring. Jordan. How long did that tornadoes last you for every team has everything in way. Blake  Lewis Carroll  is looking eighteen million recent night. I was just grabbing on to whatever said once the riff that lifted off ', 'tornadoes last you for every team has everything in -- way. Blake Lewis Carroll is looking -- eighteen million recent night. I was just grabbing on to whatever -- said once the riff that lifted off. ', "executive. And the judicial branch. We separated. Arrest. From accusation. And trial and verdict for a reason. When  Lewis Carroll 's white queen shouts sentence sparse. Verdict afterwards. The reader's response is supposed to be but that would ", "separated. Arrest. From accusation. And trial and verdict for a reason. When Lewis Carroll's white queen shouts sentence sparse. Verdict afterwards. The reader's response is supposed to be but that would be ups are. In our ", 'something we should not give up on easily. They say  Lewis Carroll  is fiction. Alice never fell down a rabbit home and Said the queen as she shouted at the top of her voice.  Lewis Carroll  is fiction right. When I asked the president. Can ', 'tradition. And something we should not give up on easily. They say Lewis Carroll is fiction. Alice never fell down a rabbit home and the white queens -- judgments. Are not really a threat to your ', 'Said the queen as she shouted at the top of her voice. Lewis Carroll is fiction right. When I asked the president. Can you kill an American. On Americans Sawyer will. It should have been an ', "So it wasn't this tumor is that this is I mean yet sickness you know. It's nice and large in senseless. Either  Lewis Carroll  and since you left Edgar move to locate Dick a bunch of other great artists and writers. Dance pad. Typical so ", "yet sickness you know. It's nice and large -- in senseless. Either Lewis Carroll and since you left Edgar -- move to locate Dick a bunch of other great artists and writers. Dance pad. Typical so. "]