['from the webcast the best selling author of the  tipping point  and  blink  is back with a new book in his latest offering which is titled out liars.  Malcolm Gladwell  takes a look at how people rise to the top of their ', "year. And finally from the webcast the best selling author of the tipping point and blink is back with a new book in his latest offering which is titled out liars. Malcolm Gladwell takes a look at how people rise to the top of their professions and -- theory. It's not always the brightest but ", 'gets murdered. And then you have some nonfiction selections that are really fascinating  Malcolm Gladwell  slate as He courtroom Lincoln that  tipping point  right and He is out flyers is this book is about on the success of what makes people successful ', 'murdered. And then you have some nonfiction selections that are really fascinating Malcolm Gladwell slate as He courtroom Lincoln that tipping point right and He is out flyers is this book is about on the success of what makes people successful I would give ', 'about his girls. Passing and and because you are running the risks of forfeiting your own children.  Malcolm Gladwell  authored the book  blink  an examination. Of how we make those split second decisions. Are has got two halves. the half we used ', 'and because you are running the risks of forfeiting your own children. Malcolm Gladwell authored the book blink an examination. Of how we make those split second decisions. Are -- has got two halves. -- the half we used to ', "launching a new web site this week old Lan dot com. Which will showcase a powerhouse roster of flavors including  Malcolm Gladwell  is Chuck Close it. New website is going to be 7% sports they're in some pop culture and and strategists on some ", "Lan dot com. Which will showcase a powerhouse roster of flavors including Malcolm Gladwell is Chuck Close -- it. New website is going to be 7% sports they're in some pop culture and and strategists on ", 'and these. Were intense looking books innocent or apple leases the world is flat by Thomas Friedman and point by  Malcolm Gladwell  of these there. Big idea books and as we are reading these books are mines are really open to all how much bigger ', 'apple leases the world is flat by Thomas Friedman and point by Malcolm Gladwell -- of these there. Big idea books and as we are reading these books are mines are really open to all how ']