["It's different every year. This is not the same  ball  every time. We construct a quiltwork of designs. The do a little toast after this. Let's talk about the  times square  forecast for tonight. The temperature around 35. The whole world together. All eyes will be fixed on this on  new year ' s eve . It's the tradition our friend dick clark started conversation with people. And often, certainly on the  new year ' s eve  show, you don't have to say much. Not much needs ", "glasses and do a little toast after this. Let's talk about the times square forecast for tonight. The temperature around 35. The wind chile mol more like the mid 20s. Across the nation, tomorrow, just to ", "Measures here in  Times Square  that most of Never even The  Times Square ball drop  isn't the descending on  Times Square  tonight and The city. A  New Year ' s Eve . Any time a spring's failed  Times Square  bombing officials ", "actually a radiation detector there are so many security. Measures here in Times Square that most of the people who come here to celebrate. Never even -- The Times Square ball drop isn't the only -- getting a dress rehearsal. Look at your right still ripple -- got here republic has -- piled snow just days after tons of snow was carted away from the crossroads of the world. Thousands of revelers will be descending on Times Square tonight and He will be kept safe by carefully executed security plan. We have no specific threats against. The city. A New Year's Eve. Any time a large numbers of people come together we put in our counterterrorism overlay. And after last spring's failed Times Square bombing officials are taking no chances a so called ring of steel dozens of video cameras surrounding the area will record everyone's ", 'A "GMA" engraved piece of Waterford crystal is added to the New Year\'s Eve  ball .', "Is going to be one  New Year ' s Eve  in times remembered for one special cut the couple. I'm here with Bethany pellets and Jeffrey do the impact this is Jeffries ", "talk about and I and reveal unveil against. The new  Times Square ball  this is the 100 anniversary of the  ball  drop in  Times Square  and with the two guys. You're in charge of the I'm ", "to talk about and I and -- reveal unveil against. The new Times Square ball this is the 100 anniversary of the ball drop in Times Square and with -- the two guys. You're in charge of the -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- I'm and entertainment we represented building all right and so now we've -- that this new ball what's different from the old ball you've built this and constructed this for the first -- hundredth anniversary. So what's different about. What for the hundredth birthday the ball Tim and I decided forming a facelift and under the leadership of Waterford crystal and Philips lighting. We created a ball like you've never seen before it has instead of the old incandescent lights of the past we now have over 9500 Phillips -- -- -- And we can now actually light each individual Waterford crystal triangles. It's before we had -- like the entire -- one color we can do. A whole series of colors now with the ball and -- there's an entire light show that -- -- this thing let's step down though. Most people have never seen how ", "Here in New York tonight a little more than 24 hours until the New Year's countdown pictures coming in tonight from  Times Square  tested the famous crystal  ball  today it is working and tonight here we thought. We look back.  New Year ' s Eve  1937. Revelers crowding into times we dressed to the nines so many of them because follies still carry them around ", "24 hours until the New Year's countdown pictures coming in tonight from Times Square -- tested the famous crystal ball today it is working and tonight here we thought. We look back. New Year's Eve 1937. Revelers crowding into times we -- ", "It's called  New Year ' s Eve  you know. This gonna fall in  Times Square  and all these she can get to  Times Square  on time in back is to see that  ball ball  one more you wish for  New Year ' s Eve . If delegates ", "we're Yorke Ryan Seacrest is hosting the -- is gonna fall in Times Square and all these -- -- -- Their career crushing war I mean really. Can you stand to sit there and what -- country and -- Elevated together wondering whether she can get to Times Square on time in back to Jon Bon Jovi. You -- does anybody care. He'll fight for days and record company president is -- who quit her job and -- -- outside Manhattan she falls into a lot of garbage. Is -- metaphor for the movie which is a lump of carpet. -- yeah -- Hospital bed dying of cancer and decide his -- which is to see that ball ball one more time. How shameless can you -- can make a movie this awful but everyone who's in this movie thought. It ", "tonight it's  New Year ' s Eve  and New Year's world famous  Times Square ball  and the 2010 think of the  ball  you know you stand out in  Times Square  and as you But the  ball  is lit with colors and the  New Year ' s Eve ball  mentioned ", "Year's Eve and New Year's -- is going Green. The world famous Times Square ball and the 2010 digits we'll light -- with more than thirteen thousand lots ED's. And as people start to gather for ringing in the new year and they have already. We're joined by the man behind the ball CEO Philips lighting North America and -- -- welcome thanks for being here. -- thanks for having me appreciate it big night for you -- -- at. It's it's totally a big night where we're very excited to be here looking forward -- are at that your company you've been lighting up New -- in Times Square for a decade now and the technology use has changed a lot of the decade what's -- this year. Well it is true have been involved with Times Square for ten years and and when. Consider the ball that we took over was three F feet in diameter and was lit with standard incandescent fault that you have in your home. That the shift in technology has been amazing. This year for the first time the ball will be -- completely with. Phillips looks -- LEDs. In the past the ball was lit by LEDs but this year were converting all of the numerals when you see those new rules. That that light up 2010 when the ball reaches the bottom -- numeral to ten feet high and they'll be -- with LEDs is here as well so the entire. -- has gone Green and that in and -- -- of -- -- -- And as you know whenever -- in Times Square at night or day He can't help but. Think about how much energy all those lights must be consuming it feels like areas on steroids to be honest but. I understand this -- -- and -- 2010 numerals He is a surprisingly small amount of energy how much. Well that's really true anymore we think of the ball you know you have to stand out in Times Square and as you mentioned it it's one of the most brightly lit places in the United States can't. But the ball is lit with 32000. -- on LEDs. But all of that light. Is is generated with less energy than in two home ovens -- your home cooking your meal between the home of an in the refrigerator you're probably using more electricity than it. That it takes to like that ball That's pretty amazing now what goes in the making all those vibrant colors and the New Year's Eve ball mentioned there -- -- 2000 -- Yet few years ago what we would do it would have been impossible to do we can do today today there's over 32000 -- ladies in the ball And every one of those light sources are completely programmable. So were able to create those effects because all the light source every single LED can be individually program. So the possibilities for what we can create and the effects of weaker -- create with the ball are amazing and -- Phillips. Can we talk about enhancing people's lives with lighting. The ball to perfect representation of how we do that says you're using more lights that have hurt this year and this is that section of the New Year's ball will remain -- here around. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Well that's really the good news of LED technology. LEDs last up to twenty times longer than traditional light sources so we haven't had to replace -- LED yet. I suspect that we won't have to replace him for quite awhile because as I said the old a ball was lit by incandescent technology. Those had to be replaced pretty frequently your home -- have to replace -- an incandescent pulled about once a year. -- last twenty times longer than traditional lighting so well so far we haven't had a replacing. Bomb passive record there -- it now it's already started snowing in Times Square and we get some pretty brutal weather here in New York City how durable are the day. That's been part of the challenge to be perfectly honest about it the LEDs that we first came out with could not be used outside that's why the that's why the numerals have not been lit with -- LEDs up until now but we've been able to seal those LEDs. The ball is up there -- around the numbers are up here year round but it's completely weather sealed today. So we haven't had ", "the start of new year's celebrations. Here in new york they've been testing dropping confetti from the big  times square ball drop  and out in california, volunteers are in a feverish rush to put the finishing touches one one of the other great ", "Here in new york they've been testing dropping confetti from the big times square ball drop and out in california, volunteers are in a feverish rush to put the finishing touches one one of the other great traditions, ", "way so will they be celebrating with champagne. Or perhaps painkillers. Some people think New Year's Think the  ball  dropping in  Times Square  champagne. Others think about jumping 400 feet in the air on a motorcycle. Or a snowmobile. That's Levi on the the right. And now this death defying is back looking for another world record. At the same time side by side this  New Year ' s Eve . It's going to be like sexy cool things dirt bike is so real life in the air in It's never been done. I'm ", "champagne. Or perhaps painkillers. Some people think New Year's -- Think the ball dropping in Times Square champagne. Others think about jumping 400 feet in the air on a motorcycle. Or a snowmobile. That's Levi -- on the snowmobile. ", 'concerns are on airports. And on  Times Square  tonight we have two reports New Jersey watch the famous  ball  drop tonight there is massive throughout the crowd here in  Times Square  where some using. Portable entering the cordoned off area in  Times Square . is the first. I had to ', "-- at home of the security concerns are on airports. And on Times Square tonight we have two reports beginning here in New York. -- course hundreds of thousands will gather this New Jersey -- watch the famous ball drop tonight there is massive security in place and something we haven't seen before. Chairman Hubbard is here -- We're turning -- David police say they always when a heavy presence -- the kind we've been seeing since 9/11 but there is an added urgency there's evidence of police on every corner. In every intersection and also scattered throughout the crowd here in Times Square where some -- using. Portable radiation detectors. To keep the -- safe. As they look up and prepare to ring in 2010 and a new element you were talking about David all day were being told that officers. Have been patting down every -- -- entering the cordoned off area in Times Square . -- is the first. I had to give you an idea of the relatively small but crucial area they're keeping an eye ", "goes into making  Times Square  the hottest ticket cordially invited.  New Year ' s Eve  in  Times Square . The made for TV for free live in  Times Square  love Jonas Brothers literally be a new  ball  game. What mean ", "Back relax if your coffee. But show you -- goes into making Times Square the hottest ticket in town sparkling new UC. It's the world's biggest New Year's fashion you're cordially invited. -- New Year's Eve in Times Square . The made for TV holiday tradition that spans generations from guy Lombardo to the legendary Dick Clark to the -- host with the most. -- So -- to be -- opinions. -- what did you do to prepare for this for this night I started to pick up my wardrobe. Was always Sunday saying hey it's always a black suit and there was a black -- with those things -- -- -- headphones I can't you don't like whatever started the show I said what the vehicles that are really when you're here in Times Square that they had never -- Maybe you can imagine it is so -- I couldn't hear you speak at a meeting catalogs isn't it not been doing this -- -- two and last year more than a million party goers brave the elements and jammed the streets while millions more join the -- from home. This year looks to be even bigger and better. Isn't big accidents here as you know certainly you could get a ticket because she Hannah Montana minus. All right we got her for free live in Times Square love Jonas Brothers and then -- -- -- Carrie Underwood and I met her when she first audition for a she's like to -- -- and Hollywood. Everybody -- While the hottest line of the New -- history rocks the stage the big star everyone wants to see is celebrating special birthday that's right -- -- -- first dropped in 1907 she turns 100 this year and celebrating a -- will literally be a new ball game. What -- mean is this -- since you know so much more about the he'll call out there are 9500. LTD's. ", "get along and and you wonder why that is. Tonight a new shillings fear will be used to mark the 100 anniversary of the  ball  drop in  Times Square . It's expected to be twice as bright as last year's version we nearly 101000. Energy efficient LED light bulbs ", "shillings fear will be used to mark the 100 anniversary of the ball drop in Times Square . It's expected to be twice as bright as last year's version we nearly 101000. Energy efficient LED light bulbs. Lindsey Davis ABC ", "finishing touches on a dazzling new crystal  ball  that will drop Wednesday night in  Times Square . The Waterford crystal  ball  weighs nearly 121000. Pounds it's LED bulbs. After we bring in 2009 the  ball  will be raised midway up the where it ", "York City workers put the finishing touches on a dazzling new crystal ball that will drop Wednesday night in Times Square . The Waterford crystal ball weighs nearly 121000. Pounds it's adorned with more than 32000. LED bulbs. After we bring in 2009 the ball will be raised midway up the -- where it will stay until the next new year celebration. It will be used to ", "On television with them every  New Year ' s Eve  of that  ball  dropped in  Times Square . But there are also generations David begins our tribute tonight in  Times Square  where for it was not  New Year ' s Eve . Until Dick Clark said it was David ", "their family. On television with them every New Year's Eve of that ball dropped in Times Square . But there are also generations remember that Dick Clark change this country bringing rock and roll into our living rooms inviting ordinary teenagers to the dance. And by the way teenagers of all races. ABC's David -- begins our tribute tonight in Times Square where for -- -- it was not New Year's Eve. Until Dick Clark said it was David. Absolutely right Diane it was for so many years Dick Clark ushered in the new year right here in Times Square for America but as you point out. Decades before he ushered in something else American Bandstand breaking barriers and breaking ground for ", 'I was asking Diane lot of the people who gathered here in Times Square tonight. For the one word they would use to describe Dick Clark and a gentleman shouted out. Legends and they also willing ', "television with them every  New Year ' s Eve  of that  ball  dropped in  Times Square . But there are also generation our tribute tonight in  Times Square  where for four years it was not  New Year ' s Eve . Until Dick Clark said ", "their family. On television with them every New Year's Eve of that ball dropped in Times Square . But there are also generation to remember that Dick Clark change this country bringing rock and roll into our living rooms inviting ordinary teenagers -- the dance. And by the way teenagers of all races. ABC's David -- -- begins our tribute tonight in Times Square where for four years it was not New Year's Eve. Until Dick Clark said it was -- -- Julie -- Diane it was for so many years Dick Clark ushered in the new year right here in Times Square for America but as you point out. Decades before he ushered in something else American Bandstand breaking barriers and breaking ground for ", 'I was asking Diane lot of the people who gathered here in Times Square tonight. But the one word they would use to describe Dick Clark in a gentleman shouted out. Legends and they also -- ', "across the country this  New Year ' s Eve  it's not confetti falling drivers who started off  New Year ' s Eve  with a bang. In my rearview so strong but here in  Times Square  all eyes will be on that crystal  ball . As there always are ", 'their fireworks night because the winds are so strong but here in Times Square all eyes will be on that crystal ball . As there always are Sharon out -- thanks. ', "on New York's  Times Square . People wait for temperatures on  New Year ' s Eve  just catch a glimpse odd seeing the  ball  go back up a week that's only for  New Year ' s Eve  but it will be trip to new York  Times Square  you're gonna home picture this  New Year ' s Eve ball  with 2009 underneath ", "just a week ago that more than a million people gathered in Times Square to ring in the new year. At midnight most guys were turned upward to watch the famous ball drop signifying the first step in to 2009. But now visitors to New York concede the New Year's ball any time of the year Stephanie side reports. It's the quintessential symbol of the new year a six times a year shimmering with crystals and thousands of flights. Descending on a massive mesmerized crowd on New York's Times Square . People wait for hours in frigid temperatures on New Year's Eve just -- catch a glimpse of it. And so it was a little odd seeing the ball go back up a week after New Year's Day. They care halfway up the -- it will stay for the rest of the year on a permanent perks for all -- Enjoy it gets is a good change because for people like us heating get a chance to be here doing new years and we get just see the ball so no never get Siena they. You get to see it go up and down that's only for New Year's Eve but it will be -- every night just like the Empire State Building. When you make your trip to new York Times Square you're gonna take back home picture this New Year's Eve ball with 2009 underneath -- -- say that's right wasn't 2009 for my vacation. I climbed and dozens of stories to get a closer look at this famous sphere which will now be more of like. Ball for all occasions if you will so for example on fourth of July name my flight at red white and blue and for Halloween perhaps it turns into eight. We're told there are sixteen million different color combinations and -- designs that computer controlled -- can take. The truth is in the blinding lights of times where you barely notice it. But it's still -- closing -- some New Yorkers say having it around all year takes some of the shine off the ball . You know I figure out -- a year it's nice special occasion you know. And I yeah. -- over the years the ball has gotten bigger now covered in two when He 600 crystals. It has simply become too brilliant to bring out only once ", "I'm glad heat things up with a little pop news heat index  Times Square  is always a place to be especially on  New Year ' s Eve  but get out your noise makers Dan Harris because we have news Lady Gaga. The special guest right here to drop the  ball  and in 2012. Talk about people.  ball  that's right. I am IR right here. It's at times where ", "I'm glad heat things up with a little pop news heat index Times Square is always a place to be especially on New Year's Eve but get out your noise makers Dan Harris because we have some big news Lady Gaga. The special guest right here to drop the ball and -- in 2012. Talk about people. -- ball that's right. I am IR -- right here. It's -- at times where it is the places you want that. 2011 in "]