["sailor's hats kissing women dressed as 1940s nurses. Today marks the 65th anniversary of the Allied victory in Japan --  VJ Day  , as it's known -- which effectively ended World War II. Couples of all ages, including WWII veterans Rocco Moretto and ", 'balcony. She waved to the crowds as she had first waved after her marriage in 1923 and, most famously, on Victory in Europe ( VE )  Day  in May 1945. As the Band of the Coldstream Guards played Happy Birthday and the crowd roared its approval, she was joined ', "But buried in the press release is the name of a participant you most likely won't recognize. It is Edith Shain. Back on  VJ Day , Shain was the young woman who's swooning kiss with a unknown sailor was caught by the lens of photographer Alfred Eisenstaedt ", "father's, at 90 percent during the 1991 Persian Gulf War; third was Truman irony again at 87 percent in June 1945, a month after  VE Day . Boosted by his pre-2004 ratings, Bush's average approval rating across his career is 51 percent. But he's still in ", 'Veterans Discuss Sacrifice, Heroism, Legacy on 60th Anniversary of Nazi Surrender', "a joint press conference. On Sunday, the President will hold bilateral meetings in the Netherlands, and commemorate  Victory in Europe Day  at the Netherlands American Cemetery and Memorial at Margraten near Maastricht. He'll also pay his respects to Her ", 'Lithuania in addition to a bilateral program. In the Netherlands, the President will hold bilateral meetings and commemorate  Victory in Europe Day  at the Netherlands American Cemetery and Memorial at Margraten near Maastricht. President Bush will then travel to Moscow ', 'As the 60th Anniversary of V-E ( Victory in Europe )  Day  approaches, ABC News wants to hear from veterans who were fighting in Europe when the Germans surrendered. What were you doing ', 'happy about. I was kind of bitter person but time. In time would remarry and raise a family. In time by the morning after  VJ day  in fact America was already sleeping off the effects of the party. Ready to return to life as lived before the war. Although ', 'would remarry and raise a family. In time by the morning after VJ day in fact America was already sleeping off the effects of the party. Ready to return to life as lived before the war. ', "Fighter jets screamed across the sky. Tanks rocket launchers Intercontinental ballistic missile. And more than 101000 troops crossed Red Square in today's spectacular victory day parade. Biggest since the fall of the Soviet Union. Dreading those famous cobblestones the first time ever were active", "tell that to a judge ABC news Arlington Virginia. And we've all seen the picture that nurse swept off her feet by a sailor  VJ day  Times Square. August 14 1945. What we today that that woman Edith Shayne has died. Four years ago she reflected on that iconic ", 'the picture that nurse swept off her feet by a sailor -- VJ day Times Square. August 14 1945. What we -- today that that woman Edith Shayne has died. Four years ago she reflected on ', "tell that to a judge ABC news Arlington Virginia. And we've all seen the picture that nurse swept off her feet by S sailor  VJ day  Times Square. August 14 1945. What we today that that woman Edith Shayne has died. Four years ago she reflected on that iconic ", 'seen the picture that nurse swept off her feet by S sailor VJ day Times Square. August 14 1945. What we -- today that that woman Edith Shayne has died. Four years ago she reflected on ', "Square iconic World War II photographed. In August of 1945. A life magazine photographer snapped the famous photo. A live on  VJ day  the couple were celebrating Japan's surrender in the end of World War II. The photographer never got their names and several ", "1945. A life magazine photographer snapped the famous photo. A live on VJ day the couple were celebrating Japan's surrender in the end of World War II. The photographer never got their names and several women "]