["Full circle for a cherished  wedding band  a diver who lost his ring in this ocean tank. At this New England Aquarium thought he'd never see again but three months later ", "Full circle for a cherished wedding band a diver who lost his ring in this ocean tank. At this New England Aquarium thought he'd never see again but three ", "He's gonna perform at the wedding do he's gonna need the wedding day that's great I can only hope it's like the  wedding band  and and all of Todd Phillips movies late night. The hangover of the old school yeah which is it just rented its prominent ", "the wedding day that's great I can only hope it's like the wedding band and and all of Todd Phillips movies -- late night. The hangover of the old school yeah which is it just rented ", "Reporter: This video, just released this morning, an r&b HOMAGE TO '50s RAT PACK GLAMOUR. And featuring his  wedding band . Could that woman straightening his tie be his bride? His first video in seven years. He stirred excitement with ", "morning, an r&b HOMAGE TO '50s RAT PACK GLAMOUR. And featuring his wedding band . Could that woman straightening his tie be his bride? His first video in seven years. He stirred excitement with this dramatic announcement. ", "comes to what will come of the wedding day they've been planning for more than a year. My fiance doesn't have a  wedding band  because it's locked up at a jeweler without power. So, we can always use an old-fashioned aluminum foil ring if ", "been planning for more than a year. My fiance doesn't have a wedding band because it's locked up at a jeweler without power. So, we can always use an old-fashioned aluminum foil ring if we have ", "shoplifters. Nasa could get tips from them. Then, at a pawnshop. He pays another friend, 200 bucks, to pawn the wife's  wedding band  and ring. And of course, they go cash in her tips at the palm's casino, even more security cameras. It's a video ", "a pawnshop. He pays another friend, 200 bucks, to pawn the wife's wedding band and ring. And of course, they go cash in her tips at the palm's casino, even more security cameras. It's a video ", 'do that allegedly she had an affair with Rupert Sanders director of now he is out for the first time displaying his  wedding band  unbelievable. But her friends are tweeting that they never really had they never really did the deed. Whatever I mean ', 'director of now he is out for the first time displaying his wedding band unbelievable. But her friends are tweeting that they never really had they never really did the deed. Whatever I mean and still ', "good. I work hard for my son's first. I was a good husband. Took care of my family means Theres still wearing her  wedding band . Yeah. He still love her. I guess you could save. I still love her. At times He stopped the interview claiming ", 'good husband. Took care of my family means Theres still wearing her wedding band . Yeah. He still love her. I guess you could save. I still love her. At times He stopped the interview claiming He ', "suburb. Her husband Josh is the only known person of interest in her disappearance. Many seniors still wearing her  wedding band . Yeah. That's a her. Powell told police He took his voice and a winter camping trip this Sunday night his wife ", "known person of interest in her disappearance. Many seniors still wearing her wedding band . Yeah. That's a -- her. Powell told police He took his voice and a winter camping trip this Sunday night his wife ", "more on domestic problems. The widow of a navy seal is turning to social media to help her find her late husband's  wedding band . Aaron Vaughn died two months ago and helicopter crash that killed thirty American soldiers. He would leave his ring ", "is turning to social media to help her find her late husband's wedding band . Aaron Vaughn died two months ago and helicopter crash that killed thirty American soldiers. He would leave his ring with his wife ", "proud of and Claudia and Claire And tonight after that last flight mark Kelly hasn't retired. What's his wife's  wedding band  back on her after all those trips into space two times three times. It's the ring with the inscription inside. You're ", "tonight after that last flight mark Kelly hasn't retired. What's his wife's wedding band back on her after all those trips into space two times three times. It's the ring with the inscription inside. You're the ", "brewing the pair spent Christmas apart Perry frolicking in Hawaii and brand in his native England. Neither wearing a  wedding band . Still as recently as this month and shot down separation rumors on the Ellen show. And you didn't do his part the ", "frolicking in Hawaii and brand in his native England. Neither wearing a wedding band . Still as recently as this month and -- shot down separation rumors on the Ellen show. And you didn't do his part ", "least its spokes model yet. She's I have on the dress I have on even the wedding and I have great example of your  wedding band . I got a couple hundred dollars is astounding what you find here this is a sign of modern travel are well armed. We ", 'have on even the wedding and I have great example of your wedding band . I got a couple hundred dollars -- is astounding what you find here this is a sign of modern travel -- are ', 'story they might tell the rings engagement ring and a  wedding band . Left as an anonymous donation at a hospital chapel bottom of the note is a beautiful engagement ring and  wedding band . Person has a tremendously big heart. And a special ', 'what a story they might tell the rings engagement ring and a wedding band . Left as an anonymous donation at a hospital chapel in Connecticut left with a note. To use the money from the -- ', "to the bottom of the note is a beautiful engagement ring and wedding band . Person has a tremendously big heart. And a special hard hadn't had a fight could find code I'd like to send Harris ", "and go over and take a let's check. Breakfast place where it's always wanting to get married and has that little  wedding band  wasn't the best they can think to show and how I feel about him. Wow. Yeah okay. Wow okay. Another lot are over ", "place where it's always wanting to get married and has that little wedding band wasn't the best they can think to show and how I feel about him. -- Wow. Yeah okay. Wow okay. Another lot ", "were digging in the shoes to collect the cash. One volunteer pulled out a major surprise a woman's diamond studded  wedding band  not the donation they were expecting. It's not a low cost value bring someone has days. with the Ronald McDonald ", "cash. One volunteer pulled out a major surprise a woman's diamond studded wedding band not the donation they were expecting. It's not a low cost value bring someone has -- -- days. -- -- with the ", "over my face like still months out of my He would like this because a new to shoot me. And He shot me and luckily my  wedding band  called the Euro most of the impact and deflected the bullet. On the phone rang He said. I'm glad you weren't here ", "new -- to shoot me. And He shot me and luckily my wedding band called the Euro most of the impact and deflected the bullet. On the phone rang He said. I'm glad you weren't here ", "He even my deal is a relative term rates and it's definitely anymore. Expensive to go to the weekend of the royal  wedding band  is say. The weekend my apartment that's saying I did some research that there are still some reasonable especially ", "-- anymore. Expensive to go to -- the weekend of the royal wedding band is say. The weekend my apartment that's saying I did some research that there are still some reasonable -- -- especially if ", "But all the details neck. Good morning since they will my favorite nugget is that Prince William is not gonna Wear a  wedding band  that if personal preference apparently as a one viewer just that tweeted to me He said I've never get that my wife ", "my favorite nugget is that Prince William is not gonna Wear a wedding band that if personal preference apparently -- as a one viewer just that tweeted to me He said I've never get that -- "]