['serenity and perhaps the monotony out of  wedding photos  has brought a hot trend that incorporates the same lighting conditions of the  wedding photo , and meticulously stitched the two Nink) Josiah Moore turned his own  wedding photo  of himself and wife Ruthie into a post-apocalyptic ', 'When Jordan Rice saw Jessica Morelan\'s  wedding photo  posted to her blog, "One Day at a Time," he was moved not only by her "raw, wild smile" but the tragedy she had endured ', 'gathered in the auditorium awaiting their individual turn to walk down the aisle, each holding a copy of their original  wedding photo . "Many of them now have progressed to a point where they have walkers, and have been for quite a bit of time," Olson ', 'The couple\'s wedding photographers, Danielle and Tony Lombardo of Little Blue Lemon Photography, had seen the T-Rex  wedding photo  and decided to give it a try. "He knew we were big \'Star Wars\' fans, and he said he\'d seen the T-Rex photo and wanted ', 'Francisville, La., on May 26. Miller has seen other photographers attempt to pull off the "Jurassic Park"-themed  wedding photo , but knew he could do much better. "I\'ve seen it done twice," Miller told GoodMorningAmerica.com. "I saw one that ', "overshare. Some users don't bother (or perhaps don't care) about who sees what, or if friends of friends see their  wedding photos  or baby sonograms. But sharing what should be special moments with people we've never met, or barely know, diminishes ", 'he said. See Why Anne Hathaway\'s BAFTA Speech Left Fans Perplexed "What you wear on Oscars\' night is kind of like a  wedding photo ," Kotsiopoulos said. "You want your wedding portrait to look classic and beautiful, you don\'t want to cringe at it ', 'find a photographer with the sensibility to capture gay love in a way that feels natural. "Capturing Love": Same-Sex  Wedding Photos  for Valentine\'s Day So Hamm, now president of their mother-daughter company, has collaborated with Thea Dodds, an ', 'founder of the Davis Cosmetic Plastic Surgery center in Cherry Hill, N.J. "He really wants to look really good in these  wedding photos  and he just wants to make sure he\'s captured as this really youthful-looking guy," said Davis. Davis, a board-certified ', 'Video of one bride\'s "wedding dress trashing" photo shoot is taking a lot of heat.', "planet's problems. Choreographed media to select guest three weeks in advance. Now the couple says they didn't think you'll get so much attention but come on a flash mob  wedding video . Or even grandpa gets up the dance that as priceless.", "think you'll get so much attention but come on a flash mob wedding video . Or even grandpa gets up the dance that as priceless. ", "quietly gotten married that nnamdi. Dating for a year. Nnamdi is a three-time pro bowler for the san francisco 49ers. No  wedding pictures  yet but you can see amazing shots of the sultry k washington in her white swimsuit not quite a white gown, that's the ", "Nnamdi is a three-time pro bowler for the san francisco 49ers. No wedding pictures yet but you can see amazing shots of the sultry k washington in her white swimsuit not quite a white gown, that's ", "bombs remember that among So. Last week when we saw this  wedding photo  we had showed the entire wedding party running in fear love I love the idea and thank you so much for sharing your  wedding photo  with us. Dad's house Elizabeth does. That's because ", 'remember that -- among -- So. Last week when we saw this wedding photo we had -- -- showed the entire wedding party running in fear. And what -- angry that one. Wonderful work zone now ', "I love the idea and thank you so much for sharing your wedding photo with us. Dad's house -- Elizabeth does. That's because all that is a beautiful beautiful wedding fun idea thank you guys. James ", "And Larry you have something I do something okay. It seems we have a new wedding trend on our hands first there was the  wedding photo  or bridal parties changed through field by T not yet. We have yeah I was great in his not went out. He don't know lifesaver ", 'have a new wedding trend on our hands first there was the wedding photo or bridal parties changed through field by T -- -- -- not yet. We have yeah I was great in his -- ', "dot beneath them collapsed as the wedding party was taking  wedding photos . It seemed magical that the rain held off. And it didn't it actually. Great attitude let's take away here. No  wedding pictures  near Lana in never. Ever worked well that's an average ", "Maybe that detect it actually. Great attitude let's take away here. No wedding pictures near Lana -- -- in -- never. Ever worked well that's an average I think that's track may never work back there "]