["mother, in this case,  Capricorn  Kate. Look back at Kate's William's signs --  Capricorn  and Cancer -- are exact the baby's mother is a  Capricorn  and he's Cancer the royal baby's full  astrology  chart after the birth ", 'happen anyway." But Scott Petullo , a Las Vegas-based numerologist who turned his expertise in handwriting analysis and  astrology  from a hobby into a profession, is a believer, even though he knows others might view him as a "new-age whacko ', "the election is too close for comfort. The planets agree. A survey on politicalastrologyblog.com , a non-partisan  astrology  blog dedicated to politics, shows 31 top astrologers' agreeing that President Obama's astrological chart favors his ", "the election is too close for comfort . The planets agree. A survey on politicalastrologyblog.com, a non-partisan  astrology  blog dedicated to politics, shows 31 top astrologers' agreeing that President Obama's astrological chart favors his ", "you're an  astrology  enthusiast less-traveled places.  Sagittarius  (November 22 Machu Picchu.  Capricorn  (December 22 also appeal.  Aquarius  (January 20 February 18) An  Aquarius  will avoid Woolfolk said  Aquarius  enjoys meeting ", '1921-1923, Florence Harding was an  astrology  devotee and, before her marriage be a eunuch." Nancy Reagan: The  Astrology  Devotee This first lady also had a penchant for  astrology . After the assassination attempt ', 'key to weight loss. " Astrology  works on the premise her site. "Medical  astrology  holds the key to re-balancing tips from her site :  Aquarius  Ward recommends foods excessive salt or alcohol.  Capricorn  Ward emphasizes that and green vegetables.  Sagittarius  Vitamin B6 and chromium ', 'office in the country, but with that three-word come on, Rielle Hunter, a sometime videographer with a passion for  astrology , bewitched John Edwards. The rest: the affair, the baby, the cover-up, is history." Except for the part about ', 'sometime videographer with a passion for  astrology , bewitched John Edwards. The rest of "spirituality" and belief in  astrology . Hunter told GQ magazine she did intuition...and my small knowledge of  astrology ." For much of Edwards\' campaign ', "Obama's Very Long Evolvement, Ron Paul's Plot, Hillary's Astrology , Portman's New Voice (PM Note)", 'Tonight, if the full moon , rising in the East, strikes you as unusually large, you\'ll be right. It will loom larger than usual. Though it\'s hardly a scientific term, it will be what\'s known as a " supermoon ." If the weather is clear where you are, it should be a sight to see. It happens because', 'authors of The Political  Astrology  Blog what they see in Scorpio moves into her " Aquarius  period," she has a successful exact timing of when the  Aquarius  period comes up is a complicated all part of the type of  astrology  the men who run the blog ', "all learn something that we. Our next guest professor Constance public. She an online course and cute and animals and  astrology . She's here to discuss the top five cutest animals ever Jack announcer so let's talk a And it over but we have an ", "Constance public. She -- an online course and cute and animals and astrology . She's here to discuss the top five cutest animals ever Jack announcer so let's talk a -- -- And it over but ", "in Astrological. There are high who are they're now  aquarius  Catholic limited becoming a vegetarian. imagine the confusion readings now I don't think so you know the way that  astrology  and practiced and practiced a thousand years and so it's ", "living in -- Astrological. There are high -- who are they're now aquarius Catholic -- limited becoming a vegetarian. -- imagine the confusion this will cause -- that famous pickup line hey baby what's your ", 'or murdered but she did that it was actually unprotected sex and engaged in something pillow talk and they talked about  astrology  religion. Politics and then had sex for a second time have a law that and radar online is now timely reporting. That ', 'unprotected sex and engaged in something pillow talk and they talked about astrology religion. Politics and then had sex for a second time have a law that and radar online is now timely reporting. That ', "Well when it comes to the ancient art of romance some menus flowers. Some means chocolate others put their faith. In  astrology  but three young men say they've elevated the art of seduction into a science they call their technique. This simple ", "romance some menus flowers. Some means chocolate others put their faith. In astrology but three young men say they've elevated the art of seduction into a science they call their -- technique. This simple pick ", "society. John Kenneth Galbraith one of your liberal friends once said. That the purpose of economic projections as to make  astrology  look respectable. I don't. Fault the president of this I think the president for thinking that society is transparent ", "friends once said. That the purpose of economic projections as to make astrology look respectable. I don't. Fault the president of this I think the president for thinking that society is transparent and easy to ", "Two of America's actions horoscopes and weight loss coming together in a new diet public diet pioneered by. A veteran  astrology  the concept being your first signed determines your personality your personality. Therefore dictate the most likely diet ", 'together in a new diet public -- diet pioneered by. A veteran astrology -- the concept being -- your first signed determines your personality your personality. Therefore dictate the most likely diet -- -- not ', "that people who really. Believe in  astrology  are going to continue to believe in  astrology . And those who don't believe are don't pay too much attention to  astrology  but I thought that. Weaver relief ", "to change very much I think that people who really. Believe in astrology are going to continue to believe in astrology . And those who don't believe -- -- are going to continue not to believe that it. I was -- grown -- I think principles you -- Great and you like that hum. Honestly I'm kind of mix about it you know -- and I don't pay too much attention to astrology but I thought that. Weaver relief it means you -- than when I realized that wasn't supposed to do you regret and "]