['White House in song it was a memorable tribute to  Black History Month . An ABC someone Miller was there good morning someone was nothing but warm in. It was a celebration of  Black History Month  President Obama doing soundtrack of a movement ', 'at the White House in song it was a memorable tribute to Black History Month . An ABC someone Miller was there good morning someone. Good morning Jeremy and the need well once the White House heard that ', 'was nothing but warm -- in. -- It was a celebration of Black History Month President Obama doing -- soundtrack of a movement. That in many ways helped lead to his election. The civil rights movement. Was ', 'President Bush honors Otis Williams at event to celebrate  Black History Month .', "President Obama is taking Andy. Stay home sweet home attack take Sound good mister president the concert. the part of  Black History Month  attributed the White House last night air eventually he'd be as it ended with an all star blues jam England ", "-- -- Sound good mister president the concert. -- the part of Black History Month attributed the White House last night -- air eventually he'd be as it ended with an all star blues jam -- England. ", "Well today marks the end of February and with that  Black History Month  which makes our next story especially tightly absolutely memorial and educational center. A celebration of  Black History Month  and also women's history month in March it's ", 'Well today marks the end of February and with that Black History Month which makes our next story especially tightly absolutely what do you think of the civil rights struggle too often the women who ', "X and doctor Betty Shabazz memorial and educational center. A celebration of Black History Month and also women's history month in March it's an interactive collage of the lies of twenty African American female pioneers past and ", 'Unfortunately so just give me percent of this this morning kind of sad twist of little them first a  Black History Month  we lose kind of make this African American cultural icon Don Cornelius yesterday. At the age of 75 California. An apparent suicide ', '-- kind of sad twist of -- little -- them first a Black History Month we lose kind of make this African American cultural icon Don Cornelius -- yesterday. At the age of 75 California. An apparent ', 'Insisting that the ropes traditionally used to separate black and white audience members be taken that. Hand in hand  Black History Month  in Motown and soundtrack and started a movement. The White House halls turned into a music call. Motown legends ', 'separate black and white audience members be taken that. Hand in hand Black History Month in Motown and soundtrack and started a movement. The White House halls turned into a music call. Motown legends -- sustained including ', "Or as the is still call it ten. We're more than halfway through June already. My favorite month is February.  Black History Month . This is Michelle she celebrates the full month and you know I celebrate half. My father was a black man from ", "We're more than halfway through June already. My favorite month is February. Black History Month . This is Michelle she celebrates the full month and you know I celebrate half. My father was a black man from Kenya. ", "not their math reporter Meteorologists are predicting a three out. Apparently no one told mother nature it's  Black History Month . There's some of the city's suffering through the snow and ice tonight's TV Chicago they're expecting the ", "a three -- -- out. Apparently no one told mother nature it's Black History Month . There's some of the city's suffering through the snow and ice tonight's TV -- -- -- Chicago they're expecting the worst storm ", 'all around the world but there was a time when golfers of color were not welcome at courses. And so as part of  Black History Month  the New Jersey Nets in the NBA are celebrating that man right there a golfer who changed all of that William Powell ', 'of color were not welcome at courses. And so as part of Black History Month the New Jersey Nets in the NBA are celebrating that man right there a golfer who changed all of that -- -- ', "team dot com and easy Join the zebra alliance and don't tell you all about same breath and as and I know it's  Black History Month  tube but black people like really fresh breath. I think that's a universal everyone are commercial let's take ", "all about same breath -- and as -- and I know it's Black History Month tube but black people like really fresh breath. I think that's -- a universal everyone -- are -- -- commercial let's take ", "If we're being made an ever being mayor Mark Green and napping taking. the in calls the party a celebration of  Black History Month . And for guys quote I expect all to be rock and jerseys stand up in white T. And describing women quote ghetto ", 'napping taking. -- the in -- calls the party a celebration of Black History Month . And for guys quote I expect all -- to be rock and jerseys stand up in -- white T. And describing women ', "it's appropriate everybody's got an eleven thing. A benevolent it's appropriate that the film comes out during  Black History Month  but it really is a story that that that speaks to all of us because I think it goes to the article we are as as ", "eleven thing. A benevolent it's appropriate that the film comes out during Black History Month but it really is a story that that that speaks to all of us because I think it goes to the article ", "yourself that maybe you never thought you could do would be. So I'm happy to welcome you here for our little  Black History Month  celebration I'm glad you guys are here. So many milestones. In black history have touched this very house ", "would be. So I'm happy to welcome you here for our little Black History Month celebration I'm glad you guys are here. So many milestones. In black history have touched this very house. Just to name a ", 'prosperous. Were positively race conscious. And yet is voluntarily. Socially segregated. As a nation we should use  Black History Month . As a means to deal with is continuing problem. By creating what will admittedly be at first an artificial opportunity ', 'And yet is voluntarily. Socially segregated. As a nation we should use Black History Month . As a means to deal with -- is continuing problem. By creating what will admittedly be at first an artificial opportunity to ', "on what may be the nation's most personal office. Here's David Nearly 200 Washington school kids. This year  Black History Month  event at the White House is clearly something special it really sunny So I mean never before was there an African ", "personal office. Here's David -- Nearly 200 Washington school kids. This year Black History Month event at the White House is clearly something special it really sunny -- So I mean never before was there an African ", "news event. And emotional analysis of racism today from the new attorney general Eric Holder. In a speech marking  Black History Month  hold the nation's first African American attorney general says that while most of the nation's workplaces integrated ", "today from the new attorney general Eric Holder. In a speech marking Black History Month hold the nation's first African American attorney general says that while most of the nation's workplaces -- integrated. Americans are still reluctant ", "what maybe the nation's most personal office. Here's David Nearly 200 Washington school kids. This year's  Black History Month  event at the White House is clearly something special is an exciting. mean never before was there an African American ", "personal office. Here's David -- Nearly 200 Washington school kids. This year's Black History Month event at the White House is clearly something special is an exciting. -- mean never before was there an African American First "]