["We're sure driving the roads of northern France can be lovely. Just not when you're out of control at 125 mph.", '"Apparently This Matters" is CNN Tech\'s weekly, offbeat look at trending topics online', 'Editor\'s note: Each week in "Apparently This Matters," CNN\'s Jarrett Bellini applies his warped sensibilities to trending topics in social media and random items of interest on the Web.', "(CNN) -- I drive a Saturn. It's a 4-cylinder, the seats are cloth, and the window sills are permanently caked with dog drool. Which always works out rather well for the guys at the car wash who regularly enjoy the financial benefits of my shame.", "But this less-than-spectacular, mid-sized SUV certainly gets the job done. So long as the job doesn't call for impressing exotic, beautiful women. For that I rely on my bald head and lush, ginger beard.", "All this is to say that I'm a simple man, and at the end of the day my car just needs to do one thing: Get me from Point A to Point B. And preferably without the accelerator getting dangerously stuck at 125 mph on the highway.", "Because that's exactly what happened to some poor guy in France who recently had the craziest ride of his life.", 'It was a popular trending story online that quickly made its way across the Atlantic, detailing how Frank Lecerf casually drove off from his home in Pont-de-Metz for a weekly routine trip to the supermarket.', 'Then, suddenly, the speed control on his Renault Laguna -- which was specially modified for a disabled driver -- jammed at 60 mph.', "This, of course, being in Europe, was actually displayed on his dash in kilometers. However, my brain can't handle such a thing, as it requires both math and a basic understanding of the number 10.", '"Apparently This Matters" Is Jarrett Bellini\'s weekly (and somewhat random) look at social-media trends.', 'Nevertheless, in a panic, the terrified 36-year-old attempted to use the brakes. But the more he tried to stop the vehicle, the faster it went, eventually topping out at 125 mph.', 'That is a truly sensational speed that I could never expect out of my own stupid car unless it somehow managed to free-fall from the International Space Station.', "But Lecerf was evidently going that fast, completely out of control, with no way to stop. And before you rattle off your brilliant solutions, let's at least give him the benefit of the doubt that he unsuccessfully attempted to turn off the ignition and/or drop it into neutral.", 'Yet, somehow, despite miraculously keeping control of his car, Lecerf also managed to multitask and make an emergency call from his mobile phone.', 'Soon, several police cruisers caught up to the runaway car to escort it through traffic, and later assist with three toll plazas where they called ahead to have the gates raised.', 'Emergency services even patched him through to an expert engineer at Renault who tried to help.', "Incredibly, their only hope was for Lecerf to eventually run out of gas. And that's where this story gets truly amazing. Because it took a while.", "About 125 miles and one country later, just over the French border into Belgium, his car finally sputtered dry and crashed into a ditch. Which actually seems like a rather unnecessary ending after you've already managed to safely avoid tragedy while traversing the entire northern coast of France.", 'Lecerf later recounted the seemingly endless horror to the Le Courrier Picard newspaper, describing his emotions during the harrowing journey.', "And so it did. Amazingly without any casualties. Though the UK's Guardian newspaper reports that while Lecerf wasn't injured, he did suffer two epileptic seizures.", 'Regardless, everything more or less worked out in the end, and at least he never went flying off a cliff. For Lecerf adhered to the most basic rule of driving: The tires are the things on your car that make contact with the road.', "At home I drink from the tap. Not so much because I particularly love the taste, but because the automatic water dispenser on my fridge doesn't work.", "Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos. ", "I've always found amusement parks very unamusing, for it's hard to justify standing in a hot, 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro. ", 'One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'George Carlin once said, "I don\'t automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom. You know when I wash my hands? When I s**t on them." ', "A lot of people don't know this, but for every 30 minutes of legitimate work, all employees must be allowed one full hour of Internet cat videos.", "I've been camping countless times in the forest -- as one does -- and without fail, there's always plenty of wood just lying around.", 'There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", '"Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'Abraham Lincoln once said, "In life, what counts is the size of a man\'s heart, not the size of his disproportionate willie."', 'Sometimes pet tortoises vanish for 30 years and end up in a box of records. Still alive. Or they live with San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks.']