["Bob square pants Christmas special so here's ABC's Neal Karlinsky. If you ever watch that iconic 600  Rudolph the red nosed reindeer  Christmas special and thought. I can do that my mind. Hold that thought these are the grownups who turned ", 'Karlinsky. -- -- -- -- If you ever watch that iconic 600 Rudolph the red nosed reindeer Christmas special and thought. I can do that -- my mind. -- Hold that thought these are the grownups who turned -- ', 'remarkable. It was such a small crate. It was blue, the color of the ocean. Amazing they found him.  Rudolph the red - nosed reindeer  kept them going. How about that? A little toy in the middle of the ocean.', 'It was blue, the color of the ocean. Amazing they found him. Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer kept them going. How about that? A little toy in the middle of the ocean. ', 'Either I\'m going to make it or I\'m not. Reporter: To keep sane, harris says he sang songs like " rudolph the red - nosed reindeer ." And he kept repeating this mantra. I\'m ryan harris. I\'m not going to die here. Reporter: And ', 'I\'m not. Reporter: To keep sane, harris says he sang songs like " rudolph the red-nosed reindeer ." And he kept repeating this mantra. I\'m ryan harris. I\'m not going to die here. Reporter: And he didn\'t. When I saw ', "Does the other night actually it teaches children it's okay to be different as long as something on your face can be used as a beacon. This the red raiders still relevant but we've seen it. And we sung that song so many times I feel like it's lost some of its impact so tonight we updated the most", "You know the old holiday specials are still getting big ratings on television  Rudolph the red nosed reindeer  was the number one show on TV on Tuesday night. I've seen these specials probably thirty times a myself so. We've been updating ", "know the old holiday specials are still getting big ratings on television Rudolph the red nosed reindeer was the number one show on TV on Tuesday night. I've seen these specials probably thirty times a -- myself so. We've ", "airwaves will be filled up all our favorite how all these battles. And perhaps none is more beloved the classic  Rudolph the red nosed reindeer  Rudolph first aired. In 1964. But this year not only has been digitally remastered. They've given it ", "all these battles. And perhaps none is more beloved -- the classic Rudolph the red nosed reindeer -- Rudolph first aired. In 1964. But this year not only has -- been digitally remastered. They've given it a new and ", 'Eyelashes are frozen solid this is not great weather for human beings but this is perfect weather for the.  Rudolph the red nosed reindeer  yeah had a very shiny and no. Yes and these are friends of the famous result immortalized by Yes to all ', 'weather for human beings but this is perfect weather for -- the. Rudolph the red nosed reindeer yeah had a very shiny and no. Yes and these are friends of the famous result immortalized by -- -- -- -- ']