['who\'re afraid to cross bridges are also suffering from  agoraphobia , an anxiety disorder triggered by a fear of feeling trapped About 0.8 percent of Americans older than 18 have a form of  agoraphobia , according to the National Institute of Health. "There ', 'anxiety disorders are classified in a group -- ones like post-traumatic stress disorder [PTSD] , specific phobias,  agoraphobia , according to Cuthbert. The DSM "assumes" they are all fear disorders. But brain research has found that "the more ', 'about her battle with anxiety, which kept her from leaving her house for weeks at a time. That kind of anxiety, called  agoraphobia , gave her panic attacks. She said she became terrified of dying after the death of both of her parents. "I would have panic ', 'Woman Travels World to Meet All 324 of Her Facebook Friends, All to Beat Anxiety', 'white-knuckled fear of leaving her Wilmette, Ill., home was intense enough to triffer debilitating panic attacks. She had battled  agoraphobia  - a type of anxiety disorder that can be triggered by open spaces, leaving home, crowds or other uncontrolled situations ', 'Joanna (not her real name) is a 22-year-old brunette with an intense look in her eyes. She suffers from a fear so pervasive that, in her words, she "wants to die." Joanna\'s fear is called emetophobia, the fear of vomit. Few of us enjoy the concept of throwing up. But she is paralyzed by it, forcing', 'Take claustrophobia and  agoraphobia  (the fear of panicking), add some social anxiety disorder, throw in funky odors and bad music -- what do you have? A little ', 'culinary and lifestyle empire. Weiner teamed with Deen after she overcame financial troubles and a prolonged battle with  agoraphobia , which is the fear of public places, to become a successful restaurant owner. With a $200 budget and the help of her two sons ', 'you\'ve taken care of them." Lindsay eventually called on Dr. Karen Cassidy, owner and clinical director of the Anxiety and  Agoraphobia  Treatment Center in Chicago, to set up an intervention. The goal? Convince Janice to give up all but two dogs and one ', "into a dog on the street or in a neighbor's yard had produced a phobia so severe that the brothers might as well have had  agoraphobia . Pincus estimated about 2 to 4 percent of children have a clinical level of fear that would warrant treatment. Childhood ", 'that panic disorder is grave and warrants greater attention from the medical community. "A lot of these people develop  agoraphobia  and are holed up in their house, or drink to lower anxiety and develop alcoholism," he said. "People say, \'Panic disorder ', 'for the rest of my life." Burns continued to take Ativan and antidepressants for nine years; meanwhile, her anxiety and  agoraphobia  only increased. During that time, her body developed a tolerance for the drug, making coming off of it all the more risky ', 'Deen published her first children\'s cookbook, "Paula Deen\'s My First Cookbook," in October. After struggling with  agoraphobia  and enduring a difficult divorce, Deen was a 42-year-old housewife raising Jamie and Bobby on her own when she started ']