['Obama\'s top consumer cop whiffed on questions about  Santa Claus , FDR, photosynthesis, and Woody Allen, while confusing Virginia\'" CORDRAY: "Who is Robert E. Lee?" A:  Santa Claus  Q: "In Feb. 1942 radio address he said, \'Never before ', "Pitcher Kris Benson's Wife Accused of Trapping Him in Basement With Handgun, Taser, Hatchet", "couple made headlines during Benson's time with the New York Mets when Anna Benson dressed as a sexy  Mrs .  Claus  during the team's  Christmas  party. Benson again made headlines when she told Howard Stern in a 2004 interview that if her husband ", 'how do you ever tell \'em no?" he said."If the objective is to make Hispanics like you and you turn yourself into  Santa Claus , then how do you turn yourself into Scrooge someday when you have to? You can\'t." But Limbaugh won\'t go as far ', 'masturbating an altar boy. I was seven, and it was violent, sick, pedophiliac rape. ... I no longer believed in  Santa Claus , the Easter Bunny or the Tooth Fairy, but from that night on, I had no such doubts about the Bogeyman." Out of ', "Prosecution to Appeal Arizona Death Row Inmate Debra Milke's Overturned Murder Conviction", 'months," he said in a prepared statement. "After dressing him up and telling him he was going to the mall to see  Santa Claus , [Debra Jean] Milke was convicted of sending her young son off to be shot, execution style, in a desert wash ', 'the 1989 killing of her son Christopher. According to prosecutors, two men told Christopher that he was going to see  Santa Claus  in December, 1989, and then took him out into the Arizona desert and shot him. Authorities alleged Milke was behind ', 'guest roles in shows such as "ER" and "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip." He\'s also known for playing  Santa Claus  in "Elf" and " Christmas  Vacation 2." Cloris Leachman/Phyllis Lindstrom As Mary and Rhoda\'s nosy landlady, Cloris Leachman ', 'resemble Chinese takeout containers. Now, he just gives them out to Cardinals in appointing ceremonies like this one.  Santa Claus  Pope The pope wore this snazzy red and white combo on December 28 of 2005. The Pontif dressed for the second time in ', "skiing once a year if you dress up like  Santa  during the holidays, or nearly free resort -- its peak season -- is between  Christmas  and New Year's Day. But many people time can be the weeks leading up to  Christmas  or just after New Year's Day, he He advises skiers to avoid not only  Christmas  week but also the Presidents Day and ", 'infrastructure, but he didn\'t talk about how to pay for it," Boehner said. "You know, it\'s easy to go out there and be  Santa Claus  and talk about all the things you want to give away, but at some point somebody\'s got to pay the bill."', 'and misbehavior, according to the study. Parents in the United States lied more about fictional characters such as  Santa Claus  and the tooth fairy compared to parents in China. One possible reason parents lie is because of the stress they feel ', 'for more than 100 years and its iconic advertisements have shaped the soda industry from its 1930s depictions of jolly ol\'  St .  Nick  to its recent polar bear commercials. One from 1961 even advertised Coke as a diet beverage -- "There\'s no waistline worry ', "While  Santa Claus  might be on vacation in Hawaii (or Cuba!) resting up after his big January - delivered by the Three Kings. Three Kings' Day, an important  Christmas  holiday in Spain and several Latin America countries, takes place annually ", 'right this very minute yeah it is  Christmas  but about how about a little  Christmas  right now this is from Boston. Yes in fact that  Santa  maybe ninety degrees on Wednesday Boston drivers hospital it was  Christmas . So first on top of Boston fire ', 'all want a break you know that song we need a little Christmas right this very minute yeah it is Christmas but about how about a little Christmas right now this is from Boston. Yes in fact that -- Santa maybe ninety degrees on Wednesday but for some young patients at Boston drivers hospital it was Christmas . So -- first on top of Boston fire tower ladder have a great. -- the windows and wait kids as a part of the eleventh annual Christmas in July event. -- all the kids and also committed -- 150000 dollars from Paul firefighters to burn foundation. Yeah regulate them ', 'The hair, the beard, the suit: Fritz Schmidt is a professional  St .  Nick  lookalike.', "Well where is your house. are so don't forget to leave me a of Beck and breed. And be sure to go to bed early and bring you what I. Know All right but you  Santa  has to go pack up the with president and pick up from a lot. Now. Morris.", '-- and bring you what I. Know -- All right but you Santa has to go pack up the -- with president and pick up -- from a lot. Now. Morris. ', "boy got married to  santa 's daughter. But suit and helping out  st .  Nick  for more than a decade would you like for  christmas ? Reporter: Elmer abbas and his  christmas  spirit, filled the children dreaming of  christmas  morning. Cheese moment of believing in  santa claus . Reporter: And after ", "with a simple holiday picture. Check this out. Two little kids on santa's lap. It looks normal. But it's the seed of an awesome coincidence. The boy got married to santa's daughter. But he only recently realized it. Abc's john muller has the story. Anybody here want a snowball fight? Reporter: He's been donning the red suit and helping out st . Nick for more than a decade. What would you like for christmas ? Reporter: Elmer abbas and his christmas spirit, filled the hearts of throws of children dreaming of christmas morning. Cheese. What's most rewarding to me is how unique the children are when they're in this magic moment of believing in santa claus . Reporter: And after all that time, a really magic moment. One of the children elmer held 12 years ago is now his own son-in-law. It was unique. Especially at first. Reporter: It was all discovered by accident, when chris byrd got engaged to elmer's mother, liz. Chris' mother was pulling out old photos. When she looked at santa , something clicked. Or in this case, jingles. She gave me a call, looking at an old santa picture. It looks like liz's dad, elmer. I knew it was my dad. I remember going to the mall that year and ", "St .  Nick  takes part in aerobics to make sure he's ready for holiday deliveries."]