['deserve a more complete understanding of what transpired," he added. They were engaged in December and had been planning an  August wedding , the couple told People magazine. Von D had previously been engaged to Sandra Bullock\'s former husband , Jesse James ', 'Uncertainty On Gay Marriage Turn From \'If?\' To \'When?\' " For nearly a year now, Alex Webster has painstakingly planned her  July wedding  to her longtime partner, Sasha Klein. They chose a location, hired a caterer and even wrote the ceremony. They just did ', 'reports: Joran van der Sloot, the Dutch playboy suspected in the murder of American teenager Natalee Holloway , is planning a  June wedding  behind bars. Van der Sloot, in a Peruvian prison for the murder of a woman, is going to marry his girlfriend Leydi Figueroa ', "and Michelle Rounds Rosie O'Donnell had been planning an  August wedding  with fiancee Michelle Rounds. Instead, the pair quietly the Academy Awards this last February. Pictures from the  August wedding  were posted online. Us Weekly reported that the couple ", "and Michelle Rounds Rosie O'Donnell had been planning an  August wedding  with fiancee Michelle Rounds. Instead, the pair quietly the Academy Awards this last February. Pictures from the  August wedding  were posted online. Us Weekly reported that the couple ", 'This  summer wedding  season, a new song could rival Laura station, getting ready for her mid- August wedding  in San Diego with thrift in mind in mind, $15,000 for a mid- August wedding  on the rooftop of the Peachtree Club ', 'Though the  summer wedding  season may be at its peak, today will be especially quiet for wedding vendors like Lethal Rhythms, a company based in Atlanta ', 'but as many say that there is a real fear that it will not quite fit. That\'s how Jessica Schnaider says she felt with a  June wedding  approaching and 10 pounds she says she couldn\'t lose. She was desperate for a quick fix. "I don\'t have all of the ', 'Santa Barbara, Calif. and Los Angeles cost $37,823 and $37,690, respectively. While many brides may enjoy having a  summer wedding  in coastal regions like those, overall, fall weddings became more popular across the country. The survey indicated 37 ', "Grammy-winning singer said the couple may tie the knot in a  summer wedding , but not because they're expecting any little prince or Franklin told the AP she and Wilkerson are planning a June or  July wedding , possibly in Miami Beach, Fla., with a post-ceremony ", 'leaving Barry\'s Bootcamp studios in Los Angeles and New York City dozens of times, most frequently in the run up to her  August wedding . If her legendary backside encased in spandex isn\'t endorsement enough, there are her tweets: Sept. 16 : "Just had ', 'in July. "The distance between us was just too much." James and Von D got engaged in January and had been planning a  summer wedding  around the one-year anniversary of their first date, which was just days after James\' divorce from Sandra Bullock ', "If you're a  june bride , do not miss this. This will still work for you. Get online right now. Goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! For all of the promo ", "If you're a june bride , do not miss this. This will still work for you. Get online right now. Goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! For all of the promo ", 'one last document founders birth certificate as well as a date from the prison. house weddings are not uncommon in Peru it would be more of the signing of paper is that a formal ceremony but still. A  June wedding  are most unlikely groom.', 'the signing of paper is that a formal ceremony but still. A June wedding are most unlikely groom. ', "the it's about 33 to watch And not take bets on just about anything royal baby. From this date to the seventeenth. Of  July wedding  the money to hand Colin. was favorite band on that brown on the outside it was ginger at 8 o'clock. Of course Harry's ", 'just about anything royal baby. From this date to the seventeenth. Of July wedding -- -- -- the money to hand Colin. -- was favorite band on that brown on the outside it was ginger at ', "to the address book value. There is this real fear I just don't says exactly how Jessica Snyder says she felt. But the  June wedding  approaching. Ten pounds she says she couldn't lose she was desperate for a quick fix. I'll have all the time of the ", "-- -- says exactly how Jessica Snyder says she felt. But the June wedding approaching. Ten pounds she says she couldn't lose she was desperate for a quick fix. I'll have all the time of the ", "A little bit its own shopping for her dress when she was here. She did she and Matthew had originally planned have a  summer wedding  and then they decided to take the world by surprise and move it up. And she did this mad search for wedding dress and wasn't ", 'was here. She did she and Matthew had originally planned have a summer wedding and then they decided -- to take the world by surprise and move it up. And she did this mad search for ', "wishers gathered while inside the future king of England and his bride to be a former kindergarten teacher. Looked ahead to a  summer wedding  and all the pageantry that we'll go with it. Bob ABC news London. Now for today the royal pop quits. What lady Diana's ", "his bride to be a former kindergarten teacher. Looked ahead to a summer wedding and all the pageantry that we'll go with it. Bob -- ABC news London. Now for today the royal pop quits. What ", "monarchy hundreds of well wishers gathered. While inside the future king of England and his bride to be a former kindergarten teacher. Looked ahead to a  summer wedding  and all the pageantry that we'll go with it. Bob ABC news London.", "his bride to be a former kindergarten teacher. Looked ahead to a summer wedding and all the pageantry that we'll go with it. Bob -- ABC news London. "]