['before this new political scandal - actually aren\'t all that reviled. Here\'s how ABC pollster Greg Holyk put it just before  Tax Day  this year in summarizing an ABC News-Washington Post poll: "The Internal Revenue Service, for its part, is more popular ', '(Image credit: Boston Market)  Tax day  will be a little less painful with these Sonic: Stop by restaurants all day on  tax day  for half price drinks and slushies. White get 15 percent off your purchase through  tax day .', 'to shake up the politics of  taxes  and spending. ABC\'s Z. BYRON this morning. Ahead of their  Tax Day  rally later this afternoon accompanying the clip: "On a day when  taxes  are due, we wanted to remind mountains of debt and higher  taxes  on virtually everyone. This ', "due. In fact, if you've previously filed -- and paid --  taxes  on time, your tax bill is less than $10,000 and you convince 9465, Installment Agreement Request , to the front of your  tax return . Or, if the total amount you owe is not more than $50 ", 'Gun Slog, Colbert, Tax Day  Tea: 5 Things You Will Care About in Politics Next Week', 'Race  TAX DAY  TEA Tea partiers love  tax day . More accurately, they love to hate  tax day , and protest  tax day . This April 15, one leading tea party boilerplate around cutting  taxes  and spending, plus individual ', 'National Healthcare Decisions Day. Designated as April 16 (right after income  tax day  because as Kottkamp says, the only things certain in life are death and  taxes ), it\'s a day to nudge families to think about "who will stand in your shoes ', "every taxpayer will see their  taxes  go up next year, meaning the it might still mean that some  taxes  will go up. Here's what you Americans are used to paying  taxes  at the rates that were established Here's a simple explanation: On  tax day  (or whenever you pay your  taxes", "yes. They haven't bothered to pass a budget in three years. They have a law that says every year , April 15- April 15th  is  tax day  for Americans, it's budget day for Congress. They've ignored it for three years. Friends, this is not ", "A Tax By Any Other Name, Mapping Medicaid, Holder Won't Investigate Holder, More on the Roberts Swing (PM Note)", 'maintained today that the fee associated with not having insurance is a penalty, not a tax, even though it would be assessed on  April 15th  and administered by the IRS. That\'s a sticky situation for a president who pledged in 2008 not to raise any  taxes  on people making less than $250,000. Axelrod on NBC - "Whether you call it a mandate or tax, what it is a penalty ', 'AFF seems to have found yet another strategy within the safe confines of the rules. The group has been test running its " New  Tax Day  " ad, in which president Obama is shown pixilated. That totally counts as disguising his identity, right? While none of ', "When it comes to holidays in April, most people think of Easter. Maybe Passover.  Tax Day  is somewhere in there. And then there's Earth Day, in between the new moon and the end of the month. What exactly is Earth ", 'The Tax Dodgers" and "Corporate Loopholes" perform during a  tax day  demonstration in front of the James A. Farley Post Office loopholes that allow banks and corporations to pay lower income  taxes  than most individuals. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) A ', "Its previous though it is all about  taxes  that the dreaded  tax day  so if you haven't already filed we suggest perhaps you have until midnight right to do today but their businesses. They're ", "Its previous though it is all about taxes that the dreaded tax day so if you haven't already filed we suggest perhaps you have until midnight right to do today but their businesses. They're feeling ", "just put food on our yeah we knew that it. Sheriff my favorite part of not and it says  tax day  likes like slipping its. Its previous there is all about  taxes  that the dreaded tax so if you haven't already filed we suggest perhaps you have until ", "knew that it. Sheriff my favorite part of not and it says tax day likes -- like slipping its. Its previous -- -- there is all about taxes that the dreaded tax -- so if you haven't already filed we suggest perhaps you have until midnight right to do this ", "the english language. Taxed all did. And with that dreaded  april 15th  coming up on monday, it's bound to hit some of us. So encounter? It was forced upon me. Trading sex for cheaper  taxes ? Reporter: Well, this past winter, it would get a lot until the economy hit the skids. Vince got behind on his  taxes  $20,000 worth, he figured. When the call came from the ", 'that sexual encounter? It was forced upon me. Trading sex for cheaper taxes ? Reporter: Well, this past winter, it would get a lot of people talking. Burroughs says he got several flirtatious text messages. He ', 'contractor until the economy hit the skids. Vince got behind on his taxes $20,000 worth, he figured. When the call came from the irs a couple of years later, he says it was dora on ', "just. A sort of bad version of democratic and they get back and that that's. And the and a group that we have is is over  taxes  and you know. Nine percent of Americans have received tax cuts and is its current president and and program they have is on ", "that's. And the and a group that we have is is over taxes and you know. Nine percent of Americans have received tax cuts and is its current president and and -- program they have ", 'marching behind this and the movement that has claimed for itself. The tea parties which want smaller government and from lower  taxes  supporters and their two years ago only really just getting acquainted with each other when they took to the streets. A lot ', 'for itself. The tea parties which want smaller government and from lower taxes -- supporters and their two years ago -- only really just getting acquainted with each other when they took to the streets. ', "inherited a fair amount of money correct. you think you should be paying. More  taxes . I think we should be paying more  taxes  I a smaller percentage of my income in  taxes  and grocery store clerks at thrift. be asked to more you can't understand ", "of money correct. -- -- you think you should be paying. More taxes . I think we should be paying more taxes I -- a smaller percentage of my income in taxes and grocery store clerks at thrift. -- be asked to -- more you can't understand now how there'd be people out there are looking at this going. Woman's -- well I'm not asking for. -- -- -- Texas -- -- only asking. Boats that great deal -- people like people more than. -- -- here you think that all people who Laura's while office. You should be paying more taxes I -- think we should change the tax structures are those who. Can pay retiree what about just pay an extra. And ", "grateful and realize there isn't -- and there -- -- -- -- taxes -- they're not as crazy as it -- people might think. That's not quite -- -- -- like that you know would make me laugh if you got audited. You wanna pay more taxes in what -- if you got -- that be hilarious. ", "his. But let's talk about who should suffer there it's Tea Party group they're rallying this is their big day tomorrow  tax day  in the coming to Washington. And they are the represented about a lot of the populist anger out there so while This Republican ", "-- Tea Party group they're rallying this is their big day tomorrow tax day in the coming to Washington. And they are the represented about a lot of the populist anger out there so while -- "]