['in 1941 Japan bombed  Pearl Harbor  and every year the is coming close with  Pearl Harbor  survivors because their together the national  Pearl Harbor  survivors association these faces. They that  day of infamy . And for as long as ', 'On this day in 1941 Japan bombed Pearl Harbor and every year the survivors gather in Hawaii but the commemoration today was unlike any other. Nor will be like this again ', 'the world we consider hours. -- that point is coming close with Pearl Harbor survivors because their numbers are dwindling. And their strength fading after today after marking the decades together the national Pearl Harbor survivors association. Officially disband -- To take a good look at these faces. They -- -- that day of infamy . And for as long as they are still here with us than what they witnessed remains part of the here and now. ', 'ago today December 7 1940 on the Japanese warplanes struck  Pearl Harbor . The surprise attack killed 2400 Americans almost half of ship sank that morning. And it has never been salvaged at  Pearl Harbor  today the servicemen who survived the attack those who were ', 'years ago today December 7 1940 -- on the Japanese warplanes struck Pearl Harbor . The surprise attack killed 2400 Americans almost half of whom died. On the USS Arizona of that great ship sank that morning. And it has never been salvaged at Pearl Harbor today the servicemen who survived the attack those who were still living. Survived -- 65 years ago and return to the site ', "country. next to our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches as  Pearl Harbor day . This is the 66 anniversary of the attack on  Pearl Harbor  December 7 1941 the day that will live in infamy. Over 2300 military personnel were ", "next to our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches as Pearl Harbor day . This is the 66 anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor December 7 1941 the day that will live in infamy. Over 2300 military personnel were killed 11100 were injured during the bomb "]