['Myers seemed to have it all: a loving  wife , five children, a thriving business details of how Eric Myers allowed his own  wife  and kids to think he was dead for so Elizabeth Vargas reports. Escaping  Polygamy : Deep in the desert on the border ', "splinter group of the mainstream  Mormon  church exiled for their refusal to Warren Jeffs . PHOTOS: Inside  Polygamy : Life in Warren Jeffs' FLDS Church Help , a nonprofit for those leaving  polygamist  groups. The couple who took him ", 'with three  wives  or 10  wives Ariz.,  polygamist  community teachings of  Mormon  founder Joseph renounced  polygamy  in the late that." The  polygamist  lifestyle decriminalization of  polygamy ," Michael Michael\'s second  wife . "And really one way this  polygamist  community TLC\'s " Sister Wives " either ', "outsiders. Tony Gutierrez/AP Photo PHOTOS: Inside  Polygamy : Life in Warren Jeffs' FLDS Church . From behind prison Holding Out Help , that assists those seeking escape from  polygamist  groups. The organization is known as one of the very ", 'conference call that gay marriage would be a slippery slope to  polygamy  and bestiality. "When you say it\'s not a man and a abuse in this, it\'s unreal. I believe a husband and a  wife  should be a man and a woman, the benefits should be for ', 'non-governmental group that assists those seeking to leave  polygamy . The organization provides access to housing, food Tonia Tewel said. Most of the individuals who leave their  polygamist  community are lacking in education, job training, and ', 'diet ordered by jailed  polygamist  leader Warren Jeffs radical faction of the  Mormon  church called the Fundamentalist 20/20: Breaking  Polygamy " Saturday at 10 p claims. Escape From  Polygamy  "That is absolutely ', 'Breaking Polygamy  on a Special Edition of "20/20 Saturday" Airing Saturday, January 26 at 8 pm on ABC', 'man-searches-mom-sisters-dad-banished-warren-jeffs-17773895 http://abcn.ws/TPE2Ji STORY: Jailed  Polygamist  Leader Warren Jeffs Issues Hundreds of Orders From Prison http://abcnews.go.com/US/jailed- polygamist -leader-warren-jeffs-issues-hundreds-orders/story ', 'may have selected her son\'s  wife , choosing her own niece. No changes were underway. The young  king  had workers hurriedly build a spineless Akhenaton elevated his  wife  to the position of co-regent hemet nesw" (Egyptian for "the  wife  of the  king "). Could Nefertiti ', 'The group Holding Out Help assists those seeking escape from  polygamist  groups. It helps individuals and families make that difficult camp in the summer. Most of the individuals who leave their  polygamist  communities are lacking in education, by DownloadNSave ', 'authorities say Warren Jeffs could make  polygamy  the law of the land. Today, the perpetrating criminal offenses, including  Bigamy , Sexual Assault, and Aggravated multimillion-dollar battle against the  polygamist  sect, which authorities believe ', 'man-searches-mom-sisters-dad-banished-warren-jeffs-17773895 http://abcn.ws/TPE2Ji STORY: Jailed  Polygamist  Leader Warren Jeffs Issues Hundreds of Orders From Prison http://abcnews.go.com/US/jailed- polygamist -leader-warren-jeffs-issues-hundreds-orders/story ', "splinter group of the mainstream  mormon  church that practices  polygamy . It's called the fundamentalist No sex between husband and  wife . Reporter: He selected 15 railroad for those leaving from  polygamist  groups. They find him a home ", 'is down that you cannot eat corn. No sex between husband and wife . Reporter: He selected 15 men to father all the children in the community. If a woman wants to have a baby or ', "tale of man and  wife  and  wife  and  wife hit reality show  sister wives  and this year partly what makes  sister wives  riveting to watch a book becoming  sister wives  just published Utah's ban on  bigamy  it'd be good ", "Now that classic tale of man and wife and wife and wife . And wife . They're America's most popular polygamous stars of the hit reality show sister wives and this year. They're making a fresh start in. Vegas with one husband four wives and seventeen kids domestic like it's very complicated ABC's David Wright got a rare invitation. To go see for himself. Love should ", 'of the mainstream  mormon  church. For decades sidelines are two  sister wives  in this not so modern Jeffs had over 80  wives . But he was sentenced between husband and  wife . No touching between husband and  wife . No kissing. And ', 'is down that you cannot eat corn. No sex between husband and wife . No touching between husband and wife . No kissing. And every woman that is out, you are not privileged to change your name to the word "jeffs," so that ', "rogue fundamentalist  Mormon  sect. That embraces husband's first  wife  He plans on having Her father had four  wives  her grandfather had fifth or whatever  wife  it is. Can go in have two the law and  polygamy  is still against she's the first  wife  but he's looking ", "City Arizona a rare look into the cradle of the rogue fundamentalist Mormon sect. That embraces plural marriages. Documentarian -- -- interviews a woman holding her baby. -- -- as yet unreleased film damn to have. This fast permanent jobs from my name is I -- And that -- I am doing that. Lilith is her husband's first wife He plans on having more. She grew up in the family she cannot even count. Her father had four wives her grandfather had 57. Who produced more cousins then she could keep track. And. I had to unite and show them. I ", 'you know whether their second third and fourth or fifth or whatever wife it is. Can go in and register as an unwed mother and -- benefits that way. Cult watcher Rick Ross looked at ', "-- -- wars. Her father for and her husband she's the first wife but he's looking for more. -- she is generation after generation raised likeness. She says that there was no abuse -- her ", 'glance inside the world of  polygamy . The age of eighteen who already three other  wives  after bearing an eight expected to have multiple  wives  and women are treated radical offshoot of the  Mormon  Church a sect run by was becoming the fourth  wife  of Merrill Jessup a fifty ', "Rare glance inside the world of polygamy . The age of eighteen Carolyn Jessup was forced to marry a fifty year old man. Men who already -- three other wives after bearing an eight children. She realize you have to make a choice continue living in oppressed and fearful life or make a risky bid for freedom. Carolyn Jessup was born into a -- few people know anything about. The -- dial dimensions of the clothes you Wear is that is controlled the colors that you -- control. -- hours of waking up sleeping of our control. It's a society where a man is expected to have multiple wives and women are treated as second class citizens they routinely block the women up -- Prevail this is life -- FL DS a radical offshoot of the Mormon Church a sect run by Warren Jeffs. Who was recently convicted of being an accomplice to rape. Carolyn grew up in this strange world. It just eighteen she was -- -- becoming the fourth wife of Merrill Jessup a fifty year old man she barely knew. For seventeen years she was the victim of abuse but she ", "start TLC's  sister wives  does not want brown. And his  wives  could face serious of Utah where  polygamy  is illegal of the show  sister wives  that the family's and his four  wives  went on Oprah potential of  bigamy  charges which ", "-- loving for women is wrong let's start TLC's sister wives does not want to be right Cody brown. And his wives could face serious criminal charges in his home state of Utah where polygamy is illegal. New GM made weekend anchor Dan Harris joins us with more on the charges and what they. Would mean for the families sixteen. Children Kelly sixteen chose. And thirteen biological three stepchildren -- -- interesting story. Prosecuted by the -- say they don't know how long it'll be before they decide whether they're gonna charge the stars of the show sister wives that the family's new high octane attorney. Is already fighting back saying any charges would be quote. Unconstitutional. -- acts Cody brown and his four wives went on Oprah Thursday giving their first televised comments. On the potential of bigamy charges which carry a maximum of five years in prison. What does that mean to be facing that charge -- scary now ", 'Husband three  wives  and eighteen children Roast sister  wife  number line congregation want another  wife . He religion quite a laid back  polygamy  scene in shows over this young  polygamist  family hopes another having add another  wife  can be thinking ', 'To some having more than one wife might sound like heaven on earth. But just imagine the communication skills required the potential -- jealousy. And all those family -- ', "kids' table. -- -- table and each sheet counter. Roast -- sister wife number line. With the biggest. Challenge that I might not. About living in this house and making sure all of the children ", "religion not -- Why a man in this congregation want -- another wife . He religion where it's believed multiple wives leads to -- higher form of salvation. This is where actions speak. And though I'm not real smiling. I truly. I am "]