["The following is a list of inactive players for today's games.MINNESOTA VIKINGS AT DETROIT LIONS, 1:00 PM (ET)Minnesota - OL Mark Asper, QB McLeod Bethel-Thompson, W...", "So, who'll be the most scrutinized rookies during the opening week of the 2012 NFL season?Sure, Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin will undeniably be closely watched as ...", "The following is a list of inactive players for tonight's game.CHICAGO BEARS AT SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS, 8:30 PM (ET)Chicago - QB Jay Cutler, DE Shea McClellin, CB D.J. ...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's games.CAROLINA PANTHERS AT TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS, 4:25 P.M. (ET)Panthers - QB Jimmy Clausen, S D.J Campbell, R...", "There's no such thing as a must-win game during the second week of the NFL season. For the Green Bay Packers and New Orleans, however, their next outing is about as ...", "That's the Peyton Manning the Denver Broncos and their fans have been waiting all summer to see. Magnificent. A machine. On the money. And no longer just a memory.Ma...", 'Peyton Manning looks like he\'s ready for the regular season, although he\'ll never admit it."We\'ve still got another week. I think we can use this next week," Manning...', 'Alex Smith and the San Francisco 49ers picked up right where they left off last season in their preseason opener.Smith tossed a 4-yard touchdown pass to Brett Swain ...', "The New York Giants haven't blown the top off of the NFL's regular-season schedule in recent years, but they have won two Super Bowls in the past five.And isn't that...", 'In a similar scenario to the movie "Groundhog Day," the Dallas Cowboys enter another season with high expectations after a down year.An 11-5 finish in 2009 catapulte...', "After nearly a decade of hardship, the San Francisco 49ers are a power in the NFC once again.But for those who may believe the franchise that once stood as the NFL's...", 'Rams cornerback Jenkins, wideout Givens inactive against 49ers for violation of team rules', "St. Louis cornerback Janoris Jenkins and wide receiver Chris Givens are inactive for the Rams' game Sunday against the San Francisco 49ers for a violation of team ru...", 'Matt Schaub was 11-for-14 passing with 128 yards and threw for a touchdown as the Houston Texans took down the San Francisco 49ers, 20-9, in NFL preseason action on ...', "Matt Schaub looked much sharper in Houston's second preseason game. Trindon Holliday looked as electrifying as he did in the opener.Schaub threw a touchdown pass to ...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's games.DENVER BRONCOS AT CAROLINA PANTHERS, 1:00 PM (ET)Denver - QB Caleb Hanie, S Duke Ihenacho, G Chris Kupe...", 'For two weeks, the San Francisco 49ers were gaining street cred as one of the NFLs elite teams. Last week, the momentum was snuffed out by a surprising loss to Minne...', 'The New York Giants took advantage of Brett Favre standing on the sideline as Brandon Jacobs and Ahmad Bradshaw had long runs in a 21-3 victory over the Minnesota Vi...', 'San Francisco 49ers running back Brandon Jacobs was part of caravan of exotic cars escorted at high speed down the Garden State Parkway by two New Jersey State Polic...', "Troopers suspended, NFL star implicated in 'Death Race 2012' on New Jersey highway", 'The New Jersey state police reportedly have suspended two troopers and reassigned a station commander as part of the investigation into a high-speed sports car trip ...']