["just put food on our yeah we knew that it. Sheriff my favorite part of not and it says  tax day  likes like slipping its. Its previous there is all about  taxes  that the dreaded tax so if you haven't already filed we suggest perhaps you have until ", "knew that it. Sheriff my favorite part of not and it says tax day likes -- like slipping its. Its previous -- -- there is all about taxes that the dreaded tax -- so if you haven't already filed we suggest perhaps you have until midnight right to do this ", "the english language. Taxed all did. And with that dreaded  april 15th  coming up on monday, it's bound to hit some of us. So encounter? It was forced upon me. Trading sex for cheaper  taxes ? Reporter: Well, this past winter, it would get a lot until the economy hit the skids. Vince got behind on his  taxes  $20,000 worth, he figured. When the call came from the ", 'that sexual encounter? It was forced upon me. Trading sex for cheaper taxes ? Reporter: Well, this past winter, it would get a lot of people talking. Burroughs says he got several flirtatious text messages. He ', 'contractor until the economy hit the skids. Vince got behind on his taxes $20,000 worth, he figured. When the call came from the irs a couple of years later, he says it was dora on ', "just. A sort of bad version of democratic and they get back and that that's. And the and a group that we have is is over  taxes  and you know. Nine percent of Americans have received tax cuts and is its current president and and program they have is on ", "that's. And the and a group that we have is is over taxes and you know. Nine percent of Americans have received tax cuts and is its current president and and -- program they have ", 'marching behind this and the movement that has claimed for itself. The tea parties which want smaller government and from lower  taxes  supporters and their two years ago only really just getting acquainted with each other when they took to the streets. A lot ', 'for itself. The tea parties which want smaller government and from lower taxes -- supporters and their two years ago -- only really just getting acquainted with each other when they took to the streets. ', "inherited a fair amount of money correct. you think you should be paying. More  taxes . I think we should be paying more  taxes  I a smaller percentage of my income in  taxes  and grocery store clerks at thrift. be asked to more you can't understand ", "of money correct. -- -- you think you should be paying. More taxes . I think we should be paying more taxes I -- a smaller percentage of my income in taxes and grocery store clerks at thrift. -- be asked to -- more you can't understand now how there'd be people out there are looking at this going. Woman's -- well I'm not asking for. -- -- -- Texas -- -- only asking. Boats that great deal -- people like people more than. -- -- here you think that all people who Laura's while office. You should be paying more taxes I -- think we should change the tax structures are those who. Can pay retiree what about just pay an extra. And ", "grateful and realize there isn't -- and there -- -- -- -- taxes -- they're not as crazy as it -- people might think. That's not quite -- -- -- like that you know would make me laugh if you got audited. You wanna pay more taxes in what -- if you got -- that be hilarious. ", "his. But let's talk about who should suffer there it's Tea Party group they're rallying this is their big day tomorrow  tax day  in the coming to Washington. And they are the represented about a lot of the populist anger out there so while This Republican ", "-- Tea Party group they're rallying this is their big day tomorrow tax day in the coming to Washington. And they are the represented about a lot of the populist anger out there so while -- ", "wearing it's just kinda flat says from her closet. That's kind of a medium weight fabric and it basically makes her flat  tax day . So we're gonna get her something that she can use for especially now as we send her back to do a quick fix and change ", "kind of a medium weight fabric and it basically makes her flat tax day . So we're gonna get her something that she can use for especially now as we send her back to do a quick ", "also the deadline to file your  taxes . But if you haven't filed if you haven't filed your  taxes  yet. And investors' spirits suggestions for freebies in honor of  tax day . By the way Kimberly is also seem to find time to file their  taxes . When did they happen to They ", "most of the country it is also the deadline to file your taxes . But if you haven't filed yet -- not all is lost Kimberly Palmer senior editor of US news and world report is here to tell you what to do if you haven't filed your taxes yet. And investors' spirits she even has some suggestions for freebies in honor of tax day . By the way Kimberly is also the author of the book generation -- and she joins us now from DC Kimberly thanks so much for being here it's a really important topic for the day. So let's start with the procrastinators. They just couldn't seem to find time to file their taxes . When did they happen to -- They have until midnight tonight so that the clock is -- -- is not too late you can still get it and and if you just don't file you miss the deadline. Well you can get in serious trouble I mean the biggest problem is if you actually owe the government money then IRS can start charging you fees and in -- and I mean you are legally required to pay up so if this is not something that to take -- -- you definitely want to file your taxes even if you are owed a refund you want to make sure you get that refund as soon as possible so it's in your own interests you to file as soon as possible and to make the deadline it's the eleventh hour can one still find an accountant at this point and if they do what should they keep in mind. Well yes accounts are working overtime right now this is their time they know that people procrastinate. So you -- -- -- you can definitely still find help. With your taxes one thing -- keep in mind though is that you want to approach that Karen. Organize you want to make sure you have your receipts in order you know what to give them that makes their job easier and that means that they -- will can do it last time and charge you less money so its scenes you money if you go into it. Being organized and that's -- -- keep in -- -- -- -- we're thinking about. This year's taxes so it can save you so much time and money if you stay organized throughout the year yes it is putting receipts and a shoe box like I do not such a good idea. Whatever ranks. What are the big changes this year for filing your taxes . Was the biggest changes actually relate to real estate so if you are eligible for example for the first time homebuyers credit that you -- -- -- -- -- look into that there's a lot of energy efficient credits if -- -- -- changes -- investments in -- -- to make it more efficient so you definitely want to make sure that you're taking -- into all of the changes and deductions and tax -- that you are eligible -- -- and -- -- -- all -- -- on their -- -- if you're watching -- right -- and you -- -- -- -- not be able to get your taxes filed by midnight tonight. Aren't -- are other options. There are and one of the easiest ones is to file an extension ", 'this tax filing day members of the Tea Party movement has zeroed in on April 15 calling attention to what they say are sky high  taxes  and a bloated government. Tea Party rallies were held in several cities say the biggest one in Washington. And John Carl was ', 'on April 15 calling attention to what they say are sky high taxes and a bloated government. Tea Party rallies were held in several cities say the biggest one in Washington. And John Carl was ', 'country because this is  tax day . The IRS has told ABC day most of those dread  tax day  but for hundreds of thousands from the IRS sent my a  tax return  has been rejected It Are waiting on our  tax return  our own money. This ', "of thousands of Americans tonight all across the country because this is tax day . The IRS has told ABC news that they are doing everything in their power to put a stop to the rising number of people whose tax refunds. Are stolen. ABC's Lisa stark discovered it can hit anyone because it just happened to her while filing -- report. It's the day most of those dread tax day but for hundreds of thousands of Americans it is just the beginning of a nightmare. Discovering that someone has already filed returns ", "Kardashian Sisters Unveil Clothing Line: 'Kardashian Kollection' Fashion Show on 'GMA'", "I love this Clinton do that secret Blair Jack and it you know address that up at night and actually doing the same pain that  tax day  and I love the leggings that that can't there has seen how well. At 399911. I think it's nice to see designers who believe ", "address that up at night and actually doing the same pain that tax day and I love the leggings that that can't -- there has seen how well. At 399911. I think it's nice to see ", "be more profitable. It we'll have to see what balance going to be on that also today is the seventeenth of course it's  tax day  I'm guessing you've got you've had yours done for months now right. Judge you about ten days we've about ten days I ", "be on that also -- today is the seventeenth of course it's tax day I'm guessing you've got you've had yours done for months now right. Judge you -- about ten days we've -- about ten ", "about the latest. Various sizes get that we can the hunger games while. Q as as amazing for weeks and going strong tomorrow  tax day . Anyone who needs a reminder the good news says that for even for folks a little bit money they can get a free meal. so I'm ", 'Q as -- as amazing for weeks and going strong -- tomorrow tax day . Anyone who needs a reminder the good news says that for even for folks -- a little bit money they can get ', 'weeks to go until  tax day  the pressure is on away plan for your  taxes  for you can get to way you file your  tax return . But the one thing actually affect your  taxes  and what as well from you today is  tax day  approaches. Palestinian ', "Just about two weeks to go until tax day the pressure is on but help us here actually she's in Chicago. -- hobson. 911 questions good morning Melanie. Good morning darts we had a lot of questions so -- -- get right to that first one comes from Ernesto. In Houston. He says I owe the IRS money but can't afford to pay it right now I already have an installment agreement in place Tony can have a one time. Great question so an installment agreement is like a lay away plan for your taxes for you can get to pay it back over about five years easily monthly or quarterly. In -- -- just case you ", "might qualify. Okay Melanie have some important information from you today is tax day approaches. Palestinian yesterday's heading get a chance to -- -- about they yearbook photo but Melanie has had more of your questions ", "It is  tax day  you would not believe some of the things that people try to write off Jeremy professional bodybuilder was even able to deduct the cost of oil from his  taxes . this CPA says you'd be surprised with the tax code allows full. The ", 'It is tax day you would not believe some of the things that people try to write off Jeremy -- -- a look at some of ', "close to thinking about April 15  tax day  but all is the best time for sure you are paying enough in  taxes  withholding and that can you at risk for under pain your  taxes  throughout the year and getting you haven't been paying your  taxes  so. Definitely a look make ", 'You might not even be close to thinking about April 15 tax day but all is the best time for last minute tax planning because if you act now do you still plenty of time ', "colonists decided British have more than just bad teeth. Would also  taxes . Destruction of food raised its depreciation over revolution Tea Party patriots Tea Party express to you American Tea Party  tax day . Tea Party Tea Party revolution. He didn't sensation. You ", "nation Tea Party patriots Tea Party express to you American Tea Party tax day . Tea Party Tea Party revolution. He didn't -- sensation. You wrote a -- about this case. American and losses. Tea Party who ", 'With  tax day  quickly approaching many before you file your  taxes  make sure you know the October. To file your  tax return  but if you money. That You may end up paying  taxes  on up to 85% of your attacks that is paying  taxes  is voluntary A volunteer ', 'With tax day quickly approaching many are collecting their receipts and making that last minute dash to their account. But before you file your taxes make sure you know the difference between tax truth and tax net. Joining me at a look at some of the biggest ']