['them the Roman Catholic  Church  was on their side. It worshippers leaving the  church  for  Pentecostal  and evangelical congregations back to the Catholic  Church ." It was one of the history to the visit: As  archbishop  of Buenos Aires, then-Cardinal ', 'ephemeral idols." The  church  is struggling in Latin straying to evangelical and  Pentecostal  churches that often promise exciting and the Catholic  Church  was seen as kind of old hours-long trip to the  church  once a week for a year ', 'himself to the  church . The 17-year-old drawn to the  church  partly by a local cautioned that the  church  urges them to are leaving the  church  because they brotherhood in the  Protestant  world." Some Barranco, a  religion  expert at Mexico\'s Center for  Religious  Studies. For ', "transcended the  church 's legions of faithful maternity in a Brazilian  religion  with roots in west According to  church  lore, the Virgin its fast-growing  Pentecostal  community, many alleged links to a  Pentecostal church  smashed the ", "nationality or even of a certain  religious  group. Those clubs don't really spurred Rangers to assume a fiercely  Protestant  identity. Arch-rival Celtic international stars without regard for  religion  as they attempt to outdo each other ", "of young Roman Catholics converging on Rio for the  church 's World Youth Day festival. More than 1 million to a region where millions have left the Catholic  Church  for rival  Pentecostal  evangelical churches or secularism.", "Argentine who became the  church 's first pontiff from over the Roman Catholic  Church 's World Youth Day festival as pope. The Catholic  Church  in Brazil is one he knows legions of adherents to  Pentecostal  churches and secularism ", 'Archbishop  Desmond Tutu visits Nelson Mandela in hospital and says the ailing former president is "peaceful"after marking his 95th birthday. Retired  Anglican archbishop  Tutu said Mandela was asleep when he visited the Pretoria hospital ', 'preacher leading an unconventional  church . His Hillsong  Church  in New York City has become one appeals to a younger demographic of  church  goers. Hillsong is a branch Australian-based Hillsong  Church , the  Pentecostal church  which draws more than ', 'Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness. The White House says Biden called for calm after  Protestant  riots Saturday over a blocked march left 32 police officers, a senior lawmaker and at least eight rioters wounded ', 'quickly rose from the pews of the  church  and started snapping pictures as which took place Tuesday at the  Lutheran Church  of the Reformation just one block whatever your national origin or  religion , our country draws its strength ', 'Elementary School ( WATCH ) Diane Sawyer anchored a special one-hour edition of "World News" from the Newtown United  Methodist Church  where people gathered throughout the night to pray for those impacted. ABC\'s first-rate team of producers and ', "Some Churches Say They'll Cut Ties to Boy Scouts Following Its Lifting Ban on Gay Scouts", "Southern  Baptist  Convention's the largest  Protestant  denomination individual  church  to decide supported by  religious  groups The Mormon  church , which sponsors Catholic  Church , the second-largest world's largest  Pentecostal  group, saying ", "freedom of  religion . It's respond.  Church  and state Saddleback  Church . The  church  he founded freedom of  religion  it's not a army a  Protestant  and an angelic America's  religious  communities forget the  church  follow Jesus John the  Baptist . I love Christian  Pentecostal  Christians was doing a  baptism . On that ", "a very provocative cover has a different perspective on what else America's religious communities. Under the headline forget the church follow Jesus and Sullivan argues. That American Christine in the -- the crisis it's too focused on politics. And policy too little and spirituality. And that's the same team with that was in this video by Jeff -- he that was that went viral earlier this year with over twenty million. Good news religion might -- grace but another thing they practice to the ritual God's people they did to John the Baptist . I love the church I love the Bible and yes I believe in -- But -- Jesus -- -- your church but they actually let him in. So what is your reaction to this line of criticism from people. Who like faith -- ", "been a lot of talk with hear about the proper role of religion and public life for the first time according to polls Americans say there's too much expression affairs by politicians. When we at ABC news asked -- a poll last month about whether political -- should rely on the religious beliefs. In making policy decisions and overwhelming majority 63% said no where do you stand what do you think about the role faith in public -- They believe in the separation of church and state do not believe in the separation of faith and politics. And the reason why is that faith is simply -- Everybody has a world so we're saying that only those with -- religious world views aren't welcome table of course. Everybody's world view informs how they vote. On any particular policy. So I'm in favor ", 'wise man, if it be lawful to call him a man, for he was a doer of wonderful works." Other roman authors wrote of his  baptism  by john the  baptist , his crucifixion by the roman emperor pontius pilate. The mystery of the shroud of turin has boggled minds here at the ', 'was a doer of wonderful works." Other roman authors wrote of his baptism by john the baptist , his crucifixion by the roman emperor pontius pilate. The mystery of the shroud of turin has boggled minds here at the vatican ', 'doer of wonderful works. Other authors wrote of his  baptism  by John the  Baptist  his crucifixion by the Roman governor the mystery Supreme Court and this weekend when the Christian  religion  focuses on renewal. Our person of the week is Marie ', 'was a doer of wonderful works. Other -- authors wrote of his baptism by John the Baptist his crucifixion by the Roman governor -- -- the mystery of the shroud of Turin has boggled minds here at the Vatican ', 'of ancient ritual. Now I turn to cokie robbets who has covered the vatican. So cokie,  methodist  girl from kentucky, everyone talking about the first jesuit pope, what does that mean? Americans know jesuits well. We have ', 'I turn to cokie robbets who has covered the vatican. So cokie, methodist girl from kentucky, everyone talking about the first jesuit pope, what does that mean? Americans know jesuits well. We have lots of ', "The pastor of friendship United  Methodist Church  tells us it's where they started they once owned and on the to this  church  leaving many unanswered questions the one place it began. White  church  you know thinking that well. The ", "The pastor of friendship United Methodist Church tells us it's where they started their lives together. And is the same place where they may have wanted to end it. ", "needs the  religious  vote in this you're  Methodist  you wanna  Methodist . Is it political it goes to  church  when He mean he's  episcopalian . Yet when asked what  religion  on He says especially  Baptist  he's never been baptized  Baptist . That goes course and  baptism  from the ", "He needs the endorsement. Of course He does every politician needs the religious vote in this country Americans are -- the question is will He get it reverend Dobson has said He might that's his ", "here as well as mood conservative what does conservative mean to a religious person what. Are the criteria to get an endorsement from the evangelical movement specifically -- so let's Begin there why do you ", "hope you'll weigh in on this what does it mean to be religious person when it comes -- your politics are you looking for somebody who identifies with you if you're Methodist you wanna Methodist . Is it political issues. Although arguably -- could say abortion really is that maybe it's a personal issue not political but is that what matters. Or -- -- if this person seems to filter everything that happens in life the way you would. If that's what Dobson wants an interesting if He feels the exigencies pushes into McCain who really talk about a man -- as it goes to church when He. But not the way Obama does interest and what phase I mean he's episcopalian . Yet when in South Carolina was asked what religion on -- He says Baptist . It gives access here that's compelling your mother was at this compelling well I've -- a Baptist Church in Arizona if you go to what churches that make you that. Particular particular denomination especially Baptist he's never been baptized Baptist . That goes with the name baptists really -- course and baptism from the Baptist exactly -- did you really but this is politics that we're talking about but I guess you know in the the thing "]