['The 18-year-old escaped hard labor in a walled-off world to a world of Facebook, fun and fashion.', "tale of man and  wife  and  wife  and  wife hit reality show  sister wives  and this year partly what makes  sister wives  riveting to watch a book becoming  sister wives  just published Utah's ban on  bigamy  it'd be good ", "Now that classic tale of man and wife and wife and wife . And wife . They're America's most popular polygamous stars of the hit reality show sister wives and this year. They're making a fresh start in. Vegas with one husband four wives and seventeen kids domestic like it's very complicated ABC's David Wright got a rare invitation. To go see for himself. Love should ", 'of the mainstream  mormon  church. For decades sidelines are two  sister wives  in this not so modern Jeffs had over 80  wives . But he was sentenced between husband and  wife . No touching between husband and  wife . No kissing. And ', 'is down that you cannot eat corn. No sex between husband and wife . No touching between husband and wife . No kissing. And every woman that is out, you are not privileged to change your name to the word "jeffs," so that ', "rogue fundamentalist  Mormon  sect. That embraces husband's first  wife  He plans on having Her father had four  wives  her grandfather had fifth or whatever  wife  it is. Can go in have two the law and  polygamy  is still against she's the first  wife  but he's looking ", "City Arizona a rare look into the cradle of the rogue fundamentalist Mormon sect. That embraces plural marriages. Documentarian -- -- interviews a woman holding her baby. -- -- as yet unreleased film damn to have. This fast permanent jobs from my name is I -- And that -- I am doing that. Lilith is her husband's first wife He plans on having more. She grew up in the family she cannot even count. Her father had four wives her grandfather had 57. Who produced more cousins then she could keep track. And. I had to unite and show them. I ", 'you know whether their second third and fourth or fifth or whatever wife it is. Can go in and register as an unwed mother and -- benefits that way. Cult watcher Rick Ross looked at ', "-- -- wars. Her father for and her husband she's the first wife but he's looking for more. -- she is generation after generation raised likeness. She says that there was no abuse -- her ", 'glance inside the world of  polygamy . The age of eighteen who already three other  wives  after bearing an eight expected to have multiple  wives  and women are treated radical offshoot of the  Mormon  Church a sect run by was becoming the fourth  wife  of Merrill Jessup a fifty ', "Rare glance inside the world of polygamy . The age of eighteen Carolyn Jessup was forced to marry a fifty year old man. Men who already -- three other wives after bearing an eight children. She realize you have to make a choice continue living in oppressed and fearful life or make a risky bid for freedom. Carolyn Jessup was born into a -- few people know anything about. The -- dial dimensions of the clothes you Wear is that is controlled the colors that you -- control. -- hours of waking up sleeping of our control. It's a society where a man is expected to have multiple wives and women are treated as second class citizens they routinely block the women up -- Prevail this is life -- FL DS a radical offshoot of the Mormon Church a sect run by Warren Jeffs. Who was recently convicted of being an accomplice to rape. Carolyn grew up in this strange world. It just eighteen she was -- -- becoming the fourth wife of Merrill Jessup a fifty year old man she barely knew. For seventeen years she was the victim of abuse but she ", "start TLC's  sister wives  does not want brown. And his  wives  could face serious of Utah where  polygamy  is illegal of the show  sister wives  that the family's and his four  wives  went on Oprah potential of  bigamy  charges which ", "-- loving for women is wrong let's start TLC's sister wives does not want to be right Cody brown. And his wives could face serious criminal charges in his home state of Utah where polygamy is illegal. New GM made weekend anchor Dan Harris joins us with more on the charges and what they. Would mean for the families sixteen. Children Kelly sixteen chose. And thirteen biological three stepchildren -- -- interesting story. Prosecuted by the -- say they don't know how long it'll be before they decide whether they're gonna charge the stars of the show sister wives that the family's new high octane attorney. Is already fighting back saying any charges would be quote. Unconstitutional. -- acts Cody brown and his four wives went on Oprah Thursday giving their first televised comments. On the potential of bigamy charges which carry a maximum of five years in prison. What does that mean to be facing that charge -- scary now ", 'Husband three  wives  and eighteen children Roast sister  wife  number line congregation want another  wife . He religion quite a laid back  polygamy  scene in shows over this young  polygamist  family hopes another having add another  wife  can be thinking ', 'To some having more than one wife might sound like heaven on earth. But just imagine the communication skills required the potential -- jealousy. And all those family -- ', "kids' table. -- -- table and each sheet counter. Roast -- sister wife number line. With the biggest. Challenge that I might not. About living in this house and making sure all of the children ", "religion not -- Why a man in this congregation want -- another wife . He religion where it's believed multiple wives leads to -- higher form of salvation. This is where actions speak. And though I'm not real smiling. I truly. I am ", "Utah's law banning  polygamy . The brown family home. this season  sister wives  Cody brown his four  wives  and married Janelle camera accusing them of  bigamy . Like the city of challenging Utah's anti  polygamy  statute. You know ", "family is on the run to avoid prosecution under Utah's law banning polygamy . The brown family is here to talk to us energy and exclusively here live but first here's a little look at their life at home. -- this season sister wives Cody brown his four wives and married Janelle Christine and Robin and there are sixteen children. On her reality stars to legal crusaders. She's just you're from the same mister and he's the brother from another mother -- After their show debuted last year the state of -- launch investigation into the camera accusing them of bigamy . Like the city of Lehigh finished their investigation. And done they've turned over their findings to the district attorney. To avoid prosecution because of the circumstances. We're gonna move in three days. The browns packed up we'll restore and moved away in the middle of the night. In July the browns and high powered attorney Jonathan Turley filed a lawsuit challenging Utah's anti polygamy statute. You know living in Nevada the Philly no longer shares one home. They live in four separate houses. So pool bond ", 'is expected to have multiple  wives  and women are treated as second DS a radical offshoot of the  Mormon  Church sect run by Warren Jeffs she was becoming the fourth  wife  of Merrill Jessup a fifty year choose to leave her lifestyle  polygamy  and give everything that they ', "control. It's a society where a man is expected to have multiple wives and women are treated as second class citizens they routinely block the women up -- -- this is life NFL DS a radical offshoot of the Mormon Church sect run by Warren Jeffs. Who was recently convicted of being an accomplice to rape. Carolyn grew up in this strange world. It just eighteen she was -- -- becoming the fourth wife of Merrill Jessup a fifty year old man she barely knew. For seventeen years she was the victim of abuse that she ", "given the option of converting to  Mormon  isn't in the afterlife. And just do this for ancestors of  Mormon  Church members have scoured the all the attention on breakaway  Mormon  sects who practiced  polygamy . A false association that continues ", 'The Mormon Church has long been associated with controversy but last year was a particularly difficult one for its profile here in America. Boston April authorities in Texas removed more than 450 children from a fundamentalist compound and action later overturned by the State Supreme Court. And then the Mormon Church was singled out for criticism when it supported proposition eight. The proposal restricting the definition of marriage as being a union ', 'for a series. Faith -- Okay. Ever since they were first built Mormon temples have been the subject of speculation and suspicion. And imposing structures where private sacred rituals are performed. And outsiders are almost ', "Christ of latter day saints. Recently there have been angry protests outside Mormon temples over the church's support of proposition eight. Which overturned gay marriage in California. Mitt Romney's presidential run focus attention on controversial aspects of the church. Including the fact that blacks weren't allowed into the Mormon priesthood until 1978. And then there was the wall to wall coverage of the crackdown on so called fundamentalist. Mormons. Polygamous to ", "new book with his four  wives  married Janelle Christine it's called becoming  sister wives . The story of an unconventional harder being married for  wives  are paying for routine process Exxon mobile my  wives  and All My Children every was going to be a third  wife  I thought that'd be ", "1000. Integrated I I -- I was going to be a third wife I thought that'd be perfect I want that guy -- myself I mean you know no offense Tony. I -- ordinary to ", "the ugly world of  polygamy . And that it's the fundamentalist  Mormon  Church has dozens and dozens of  wives  and this week one well. She also fled  polygamy  and Colorado City sexual assault attempt  polygamy  is is illegal why ", "judge George this is another disturbing reminder of the ugly world of polygamy . And that it's alive and well -- that isolated community of Colorado City Arizona. -- Warren Jeffs the jailed leader of the fundamentalist Mormon Church has dozens and dozens of wives and this week one of them have fled the confines of that. Is our community. It's a secluded world of about 5000 ", "apparently escaped. Arizona authorities say she was one of Warren Jeffs 87 wives . -- Jessup a former FL DS spokesperson kicked out of the religion by -- says the woman was under duress when she sought refuge with him. She was reportedly barefoot when she was found. This morning she's in hiding. He's it has increased series for her I mean to the point where death is better than to continue living the way issues -- He Carolyn Jessup knows that darkness all too well. She also fled polygamy and Colorado City and wrote a book about it escape. She understands the desperation of this week's latest escape B. She must ", 'reality show the show is called  sister wives  and it follows a man. And the together for years. But to their  sister wives  Sunday night has now sparked an up their lives for the TLC show  sister wives  and they knew they were taking ', "the center of a controversial new reality show the show is called sister wives and it follows a man. And the four women who share his life to get an F sixteen children they've been together for years. But to -- their sister wives Sunday night has now sparked an investigation by you to Utah police and Dan Harris is here with the -- would've thought into this coming. I think in fact -- didn't see it coming although they're now saying this morning that they are quote disappointed to hear that the police are in fact investigating meanwhile their attorney is now predicting. That this is a case that could go all the way to the Supreme Court. -- Cody brown has four wives we don't really use an order but you know your question in the order Palo. And we came together she's she's -- Do he also has thirteen children and three step children she insists terror from the same mister and he's the brother from another mother -- Rounds have been called the real life version of the HBO show big love -- -- And -- brown and his family decided to open up their lives for the TLC show sister wives and -- they knew they were taking a risk as they told me when I met them last week. Just days before ", "of the most sacred and private  mormon  temples. Reporter: We've all all white in order to enter. A  mormon  must be deemed chase and must outsiders tend to focus on are  polygamy , which every  mormon  will be quick to tell you was ", "now, a prayer will be offered on the final night by a mormon bishop. As we said, last night, for the first time in american history, a mormon will be nominated for the highest office in the land. And since so many people regard the faith as a mystery, abc's dan harris returns tonight with a rare tour of one of the most sacred and private mormon temples. Reporter: We've all seen the outside of the temples but very few get to go where I went, inside. And this is one of the first rooms I saw. The celestial room. Intensely ornate, it is meant to evoke the peace and tranquility of heaven. In the temple, mormons wear all white in order to enter. A mormon must be deemed chase and must be contributing 10% of their income to the church. You are now looking at the room ", "other aspects of the faith that outsiders tend to focus on are polygamy , which every mormon will be quick to tell you was outlawed more than a century ago, and the special undergarments that mormon men and women wear every day which we're not showing here because mormons are sensitive to their display. They describe them as ", 'level of heaven, you need to be married. This professor, a practicing mormon and author of the upcoming book "a peculiar people." It is a family-oriented vision of the after life. The significance of that view of heaven dictates a kind of family centeredness. Here in what mormons call mortal life. Reporter: Which is why t two-thirds of mormons are mar married compared to about half of the rest of the population. Mormon women are twice as likely to describe themselves as housewives. He appeared to joseph smith. Reporter: Once a week, mormon families like the aherns of pennsylvania are expected to hold something called family home evening. A way to be happy in our families. Reporter: No phones, no tvs, no computers. Just food, song, prayer, games and lesson. The most important part is just having our children know that we love them and love spending time with them and that we\'re a family that is staying together. Reporter: All of it, says professor flumin, proof of how the mormon faith is both very different and very demanding. Mormonism tends to define life in various ways for a practicing latter day saint. ', "act out the story of the book of  mormon , which says a tribe of ancient answer some common questions about  mormon  culture like  polygamy , which was banned by the church I saw on a rare tour inside a  mormon  temple. And, I can't wait ", 'candidate on a major ticket, and next week, another breakthrough. The first mormon nominee for president. A profound and historic moment for the mormon faith, which is still a mystery to a lot of people. So, tonight, dan harris begins a two-part series, answering questions about this uniquely american religion. Reporter: With their imposing temples, where secret rituals are performed, rituals so sacred that nonmormons cannot enter. And with their all male leadership believed to have a direct line to god, members of the mormon faith are keenly aware that they are sometimes seen as a source of mystery and suspicion. I\'m a skateborder, and I\'m a mormon . Reporter: Which, in part is why the church of jesus christ of latter day saints launched this public relations campaign with the message "we\'re your neighbors." I\'m a mormon . I\'m a mormon . Reporter: While mormons, who make up just 1.7% of our population, roughly equal to jews and double that of muslims and buddhists, are trying to be more open, america\'s best-known mormon , whonce held one of the highest positions in the church -- has talked about his faith but rarely used the word mormon . I\'m not running for pastor in chief. I\'m running for commander in chief. Next question. Reporter: So, given all the mystery and misconceptions, what is it that mormons say they believe? Here are answers to three common questions. First, why so much secrecy? It is rooted in a painful past, according to professor j. Spencer fluhman, a practicing mormon and author of the upcoming book "a peculiar people." I don\'t think it can be seen apart from a very bitter history of anti-mormonism, still, they carry it with them. Reporter: In the early days of the church, the mormons were violently driven from state to state. And their founding prophet joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob. What do they believe? In the mormon faith, the bible is considered the word of god. B but mormons also believe god added three books from joseph smith. It happened when smith was a young man in upstate new york. He claimed an angel lead him to a nearby hill where he dug up a pair of golden plates from which he translated the book of mormon . Mormons like professor robert millet are well aware that adding onto the bible in this way can be very controversial. Latter day ', "hundreds of the faithful act out the story of the book of mormon , which says a tribe of ancient israelites came to america thousands of years ago and were later visited by jesus after the resurrection. Mormons think they have a distinctive message they always thought that. But at the same time, the proximity to rational christianity is clear and obvious. So, mormons have a complicated relationship with traditional christianity I think is an easy to say it. Reporter: Tomorrow night we'll answer some common questions about mormon culture like polygamy , which was banned by the church in 1890. And we'll show you what I saw on a rare tour inside a mormon temple. And, I can't wait for tomorrow night. Bum we were talki iing today, because people do know that most mormons don't ", 'bad timing for the mainstream  Mormon  Church. Which banned  polygamy  more than a hundred years ago Republican Mitt Romney and active  Mormon  running for president. The hard spot on the question.  Polygamy  their ancestors practice plural ', 'community a story of alleged child abuse. And a story the mainstream Mormon Church would love to see go away. The men on trial in this courthouse. In saint George Utah is believed to be ', 'the outcome of the trial it is bad timing for the mainstream Mormon Church. Which banned polygamy more than a hundred years ago and which is now moving even further into the mainstream of American life. We -- Republican Mitt Romney and active Mormon running for president. The Mardi saints -- caught between a rock and a hard spot on the question. Polygamy their ancestors practice plural marriage. And so they want to be loyal to that history. What their ancestors were doing was not ', 'Debate over  polygamy  was back in the news one of Warren 87  wives  escape from his isolated there will always be  wives  to older children their teachings there  Mormon  teachings so tell very much modern  polygamy  airs October 23 on ', "Debate over polygamy was back in the news this week when we learned that one of Warren -- 87 wives escape from his isolated Arizona community. But here on -- we've also heard from families who condemn -- even as they embrace ", "have to be concerned about child care because there will always be wives to older children. And end. That is the core of their existence it's the family and there's something to be sent for and then -- what finally one of the women one of the older -- said and you know quite frankly. It's kind of nice to have someone to take care of our husband's physical needs -- -- and you know I kind of football and get. They had not heard it said in just this way before that the the wives described themselves as married to each other. They they do but ultimately they're all. Married to one man but that it is a family and in fact in this community. They believe that Jesus Christ was also -- polygamous as well so. It this and the core of their beliefs according to there. They have their teachings there Mormon teachings so tell us what should you be doing this is an exciting year so yes of this season are America's incredibly ", 'happen on "the  mormon  bachelor". We help chris find a  wife  he can love for last a lifetime.  Mormon  look for something love" and siste  wives  an obvious question religion that allowed  polygamy . If you watch you want to be a  polygamist  or not? Not exactly to watch this  mormon  bubble of dating ', 'is drama. Erin said he\'s honestly trying to help chris find a wife he can love for all eternity. Fun living, not too serious. Strong lds girl. Reporter: They\'re not looking for a marriage that last a lifetime. Mormon look for something. It\'s not death until you part it\'s time and all eternity. Wouldn\'t everybody want that? I don\'t know. I\'m single in the afterlife. Reporter: For anyone who watched popular shows like "big love" and siste wives an obvious question arises. This was a religion that allowed polygamy . If you watch those shows, you think you have a choice. I have somebody ask me, if you\'re the bachelorette, can you choose if you want to be a polygamist or not? Not exactly. Reporter: A lot of reason the producers are making the show, clear up all the misconceptions. Is it the mormons watching or others from the outside intrigued? I say it\'s intriguing to people to watch this mormon bubble of dating. The majority of our viewers are lds. Reporter: As for chris he\'s still searching for that eternal soulmate. I ', 'Polygamist  Cult Leader Warren Jeffs Faces Life in Prison After Being Convicted for Child Rape', "and now. This morning jurors will hear more disturbing evidence about Warren Jeffs. For starters prosecutors say jets had 78  wives  24 of them younger than seventeen. And that He committed six other sexual assaults. Once you're convicted. Then sentencing ", "disturbing evidence about Warren Jeffs. For starters prosecutors say jets had 78 wives 24 of them younger than seventeen. And that He committed six other sexual assaults. Once you're convicted. Then sentencing is a whole ", "and his four  wives  will file a landmark with his four  wives  and sixteen children on TLC's  sister wives . But they say The law banning  polygamy  dates all the marriage. So should  polygamy  being reconsidered evidence that  polygamy  fosters abused older men in that  Mormon  splinter group ", "on reality TV. Heading into federal court a husband and his four wives will file a landmark lawsuit asking the court to reconsider. The number of partners we can all have in marriage here's ABC's Dan Harris. She's. Terror from the same this year and he's the brother from another mother and you may not approve of the life Cody brown lives with his four wives and sixteen children on TLC's sister wives . But they say they had every right to limit. There will be inevitably some people who see your lives and say this "]