["Who says nothing is made in the United States anymore? The United States is one of the world's biggest producers of aircraft, aircraft engines and supply parts, though it relies heavily on international markets for their sales. Aerospace manufacturing is an important part of the U.S. manufacturing base, comprising 2.8% of the nation's manufacturing workforce in 2008 and employing more than 500,000 Americans in high-skilled and high-wage jobs. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company, though parts of its Dreamliner (pictured) have been outsourced to a global supplier network.", 'Not all toys are made in China. Several American toy companies produce a significant portion of their products in the United States, including Lionel trains.', 'Offshoring and the recession hit American furniture makers hard. But small businesses like the Itzy Bitsy Ritzy Shop are keeping the industry alive by relying on a network of suppliers and skilled craftspeople to source and build furniture sets and individual pieces.', 'Concerns over pet food contamination are driving demand for pet food and supplies made closer to home, said Julie Reiser, co-founder of Made in USA Certified, a third-party certification system that audits supply chains. "People care about their pets and want to make sure their food and toys are being produced under strict and safe regulations."', 'Food might be obvious, but it still pays to check the label to see where it comes from. Fruits and vegetables are shipped from all over the world. Buying American produce contributes directly to American farmers.', 'American spirits are also making a comeback thanks to growing interest in moonshine, craft whiskey and micro-distilleries. ', "Check the label: toiletries and personal hygiene products made in the United States are easy to come by thanks to big companies like Colgate-Palmolive, which owns numerous brands, including Tom's of Maine.", 'American-made dishwashing liquid and detergents also have a large footprint thanks to Colgate-Palmolive.', 'Retailers tend to source heavy and highly regulated products like mattresses from the United States to keep shipping costs down, Gardner Carrick with The Manufacturing Institute said. ', 'A surprising amount of American companies are dedicated to making socks, including Wigwam Mills, which has been in production in Sheboygan, Wisconsin for more than 100 years.', "America's love affair with home building and interior design has created a robust market for paint, varnish and laquer. Sherwin-Williams is the largest producer of paints and coatings in the United States and is also among the largest producers in the world.", 'Clothing tends to get most of the attention even though it accounts for just a fraction of American manufacturing jobs and output. Contrary to common perception, American-made clothing is available in a wide range of prices. All American Clothing makes jeans, shirts and accessories for men and women available from $20 to $70. ', 'He learns that a little bit of consumer effort can make a big difference to small businesses', '"Advanced manufacturing will be the next revolution in this country," Josh Miller says', '(CNN) -- Josh Miller never gave much thought to where his car, bed or toothpaste came from until an aluminum plant in his hometown of Ravenswood, West Virginia, shut down about four years ago.', "The closure left 650 people without a job, including Miller's father-in-law, in a town of roughly 3,800, triggering a familiar pattern. The unemployment rate in Jackson County more than doubled, businesses shuttered and Ravenswood's quaint downtown became a ghost town.", "Miller had been vaguely aware that American manufacturing jobs were going away, but now he knew what that could mean for an entire community. He wondered how an average American like him could change the tide. Raising awareness of what's still made in the United States seemed like a good start, he decided, and embarked on a mission to live entirely off American-made goods for 30 days.", "It didn't take long for him to discover that it's impossible, especially while trying to maintain a typical middle-class existence that includes smartphones and clothing from ubiquitous big box stores. He made the challenge harder by hitting the road and traveling the country, interviewing entrepreneurs and small businesses to find out what it takes to do business in the United States.", 'He documented his efforts in the film, "Made in USA: The 30 Day Journey," which is being screened through independent viewings across the country.', "Miller spent nights sleeping on floors and rinsing off from a bucket of water because he couldn't find American beds, shower or sinks. But the lessons learned are as relevant as ever, especially as the country looks for ways to boost employment and bring American manufacturing into the 21st century, he said.", "Don't miss out on the conversation we're having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest stories and tell us what's influencing your life.", '"Despite what you might hear, a lot of entrepreneurs and small businesses are making it work," he said. "Our fate as a country is tied to our economic prosperity and given what I\'ve seen I believe there\'s still room for us in the manufacturing era."', 'The challenge has now become a way of life whenever he can help it, he said. Checking product labels for country of origin is now a part of his shopping routine, he said. He has also immersed himself in online communities that share information about where to find American brands, products and companies.', '"Just because you can\'t live 100% off American-made goods doesn\'t mean you can\'t make a difference," he said. "We\'re in a global economy so it doesn\'t have to be an all-or-nothing proposition. But if you change just a little bit of your lifestyle it can make a difference."', "The people he met shared his view that a little bit of effort can go a long way for small businesses trying to make it. It's not just a matter of blind patriotism, but of supporting companies that model fair business and labor practices -- even if they don't manufacture in the United States.", '"It\'s not always possible to live off exclusively American made goods because some products simply are not manufactured here and other items are not native to our country," said Sarah Mazzone, founder of made in usa challenge, which shares resources and information for buying American-made products.', '"For many electronics, there is no currently available made in USA option. For these purchases, I suggest minimizing your footprint as a consumer by buying used," she said. "Other items like oils or certain foods may not naturally grow in our country. For those products, I recommend buying fair-trade certified."', "Plenty of things are still made in the United States, even though the average American consumer doesn't get their hands on them on a daily basis, Gardner Carrick with The Manufacturing Institute said.", 'Most American manufacturing jobs focus on heavy machinery, like aircraft, cars and supply chain parts, along with chemicals and energy products. Still, rising costs of doing business overseas and relatively affordable energy are making reshoring more attractive to businesses, Carrick said. Manufacturing has made a "strong showing" in the last four years in terms of employment and output, with signs of continued growth, Carrick said.', 'In 2012, manufacturers contributed $1.87 trillion to the economy, about 11.9% of the GDP, up from $1.73 trillion in 2011, according to NAM. For every $1 spent in manufacturing, another $1.48 is added to the economy.', 'As far as consumer goods are concerned, the average American should have no trouble finding food, beverages, paper products or toiletries from the United States, which Miller learned early on. A trip to the grocery store nets a toothbrush, shaving cream and food, including protein bars and gummy worms. That was a source of relief for Miller, a "bacon and eggs kind of guy" who was worried about having to just eat fruits and vegetables for breakfast during his 30-day experiment.', 'The people he met on his journey underscored the fact that even products made in the United States are made of materials sourced from other countries.', 'A tailor in Charleston, West Virginia, carries suiting made from British wool, German lining and Japanese buttons stitched together with silk thread from China -- all sewn together by "immigrants in Chicago," Tony the tailor tells Miller.', 'Miller took his challenge to more than a dozen cities and towns on an estimated budget of $30,000, partially raised through an Indiegogo campaign, driving American rental cars and staying in Red Roof hotels whenever possible to stay true to his mission. Eventually, he reclaims his smartphone from his friend and showers more frequently. But he hopes the point has been made.', '"Advanced manufacturing will be the next revolution in this country," Miller said. "It may not look the same as it did in late 30s and 40s, but it will return America to prosperity."', "CNN Living reflects your life. From advice for modern parents to the freshest news in food: It's all here.", "A fireplace isn't just a spot to keep logs and kindling. According to decorators and design enthusiasts, it's where you put your heart on display.", 'Nathan Berrong takes us on a tasty tour of the beers that can cool off your summer.', 'Go easy on yourself, let William do his fair share and check under your fingernails! Moms dish on what the Duchess can expect with new motherhood.', 'Every wedding is unique but most planning problems are universal. Experts share insights on how to say "no" gracefully but firmly.', "Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Your choice isn't made in a vacuum under the lights of a fitting room. ", "San Diego Comic-Con is a natural space for talking about harassment in geek culture, says Carrie Goldman, moderator of the con's first anti-bullying panel."]