['officials are bracing for  the Hajj  , the  annual pilgrimage to Mecca  expected to draw more than people it infected. " The Hajj  brings people from all visitors participating in  the  [ Hajj ]  pilgrimage  to Mecca next month ', "and Mecca, Saudi Arabia. In 2010 he became one of the first-ever western journalists to live blog/tweet the annual  Hajj pilgrimage . He is among the youngest to ever anchor CBC's flagship newscast, The National. Prior to joining CBC, Muhammad was ", 'Hajj Terminal at King Abdul Aziz International Airport in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. It is only open during the six-week  Hajj pilgrimage  to Mecca, Saudi Arabia. Muslims traditionally must travel to Mecca at least once in their lifetime. Here is Frommers ', 'to evict them. (Mary Altaffer/AP Photo) A Palestinian woman looks out of a bus carrying Muslim pilgrims on their way to  the hajj  in Mecca, at the border between the southern Gaza Strip and Egypt, in Rafah, Oct. 14, 2011. (Eyad Baba/AP Photo ', 'sheepishly told them about our upcoming coverage of  the Hajj  and was immediately pointed in the direction of some wearing one and performing the grueling rituals of  the Hajj pilgrimage  , it put the issue in perspective and I continued ', 'holy city of Mecca to take part in the annual pilgrimage,  the Hajj  . In accordance with one of the five pillars of Islam, every was quick to dismiss rumors that he had considered cancelling  the Hajj , which started today and ends Thursday night. "Because of ', 'countries in the world are preparing for  the Hajj  and Umrah pilgrimages , a requirement life time. During their participation at  the Hajj , it is widely feared that the large crowds Ramadan which this year is in August.  The Hajj , which is when the vast majority of pilgrims ', 'arise with so many people coming into close contact at one time. If an H1N1 vaccine becomes available before the start of  the hajj , pilgrims will be required to provide proof of immunization before they receive a visa for the pilgrimage, the health ministers ', 'arise with so many people coming into close contact at one time. If an H1N1 vaccine becomes available before the start of  the hajj , pilgrims will be required to provide proof of immunization before they receive a visa for the pilgrimage, the health ministers ', "This means acknowledging the oneness of god. Surrendering to it cooperating with the way things are an awful. I'm a Muslim. I Revere the same god as my Christian mother and my Jewish father. Paula is simply an Arabic word for the god of Abraham Moses and Jesus. I find the absence of priests and", "In Saudi Arabia Muslims are gathering for the it's the largest annual pilgrimage in the world security and safety are always an issue but this year. There's also a threat of Swine Flu that has got organizers working overtime Hassan is in Mecca. Brendan Kennedy the where officials are expecting us", 'this day trace their lineage right back to abraham through ishmael. Every year millions of muslims make a pilgrimage called  the hajj  to the place they believe ishmael made his home, mecca is saudi arabia. Here, muslims also believe that abe lam came to ', 'abraham through ishmael. Every year millions of muslims make a pilgrimage called the hajj to the place they believe ishmael made his home, mecca is saudi arabia. Here, muslims also believe that abe lam came to ']