['Narinder Nanu/AFP/Getty Images) Thousands of people visit a lantern festival to celebrate the Chinese New  Year of the Dragon  in Shanghai, Jan. 23, 2012. (Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images) Members of the parliament stand and pray for ', 'it marks the beginning of the  year of the dragon , which only comes around every fortune to be born during the  year of the dragon , and so many mothers are trying daughter will be born in the  year of the dragon . "We believe dragon is very ', 'in a store in Chinatown, Jan. 18, 2012 in Singapore. On Jan. 23rd, Chinese around the world will welcome the  Year of the Dragon , one of the most anticipated holidays of the Chinese calendar. In Singapore, the Chinese make up nearly 75% of ', 'AP Photo) A young girl stands underneath the artificial blossom flowers on display for the upcoming Chinese New  Year of the Dragon  at a shopping mall in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Jan. 6, 2012. (Lai Seng Sin/AP Photo) Republican presidential ', 'fierce, but since it\'s the design of the one on the emperor\'s robe, it actually looks more majestic." The  Year of the Dragon  begins on Jan. 23. ABC News\' Cao Jun contributed to this report', "region, claims an estimated 200 to 300 lives a year.  YEAR OF THE DRAGON  - TOO FEROCIOUS? China's People's Daily reports that a stamp designed for China's  Year of the Dragon  is raising criticism for being too ferocious. The ", 'to which Emas (wooden plaques) are attached showing a picture of a dragon in celebration of the forthcoming " Year of the Dragon " at Sosha Shrine, Dec. 27, 2011 in Himeji, Japan. Japanese years are associated with the twelve animals Mouse ', 'enclosed space and its inability to attract enough customers to pay its own way. Year of the Snake In Japan, as the  Year of the Dragon  gave way to the Year of the Snake at midnight, temple bells sounded 108 times, symbolically driving out the 108 ', 'enclosed space and its inability to attract enough customers to pay its own way. Year of the Snake In Japan, as the  Year of the Dragon  gave way to the Year of the Snake at midnight, temple bells sounded 108 times, symbolically driving out the 108 ', "year Cummings is expecting a baby girl. It's the  year of the dragon  and in the Asian culture that means good fortune would that's all these months can hope for. It is the  year of the dragon  but they just want healthy babies in 2012. Sarah ", "work this year -- Cummings is expecting a baby girl. It's the year of the dragon and in the Asian culture that means good fortune would be named Jackie -- -- magic and they bring in the two ", "meadowbrook elementary that's all these months can hope for. It is the year of the dragon but they just want healthy babies in 2012. Sarah -- of these -- and thirteen news. ", 'Year 123. 2012 marks New the  year of the dragon  for all of you keep animals people so Chinese people in the  year of the dragon  like to get married and get pregnant. During a  year of the dragon  this US postal solvers the US ', 'content happy Chinese New Year 123. 2012 marks -- New -- the year of the dragon for all of you keep -- -- animals and they say. The Chinese -- FDA and lucky Edward gives people did not give them again Williams lot of good luck to people so Chinese people in the year of the dragon like to get married and get pregnant. During a year of the dragon this US postal solvers the US post all off this will release. This their latest political federated and hear the -- area ', 'inspired by prince potable arms the tartan fabric and not to the time the couple spent studying in Scotland. 2012. the  year of the dragon  and also the inspiration behind me to its fiery foot work. And hunt show stopping sapphire heels were modeled after ', 'to the time the couple spent studying in Scotland. 2012. -- the year of the dragon and also the inspiration behind me to -- its fiery foot work. And -- -- -- -- hunt show stopping sapphire heels ']