['predecessors, Bridget Fonda and  Jennifer Jason Leigh  . Soon after it debuted at actress who play the stalkers:  Jennifer Jason Leigh  ton Meester. Deja vu: She\'s flips the switch in stalkers.  Jennifer Jason Leigh  and Bridget Fonda in "Single ', 'the actresses cited in the book are Jamie Lee Curtis in "Halloween," Betsy Palmer in "Friday the 13th" and  Jennifer Jason Leigh  in "Eyes of A Stranger." ABCNews has learned the book was used in an academic course called "Contemporary Horror ', 'behind-the-scenes look at Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars  Jennifer Jason Leigh  and Alan Cumming (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of ', 'behind-the-scenes look at Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars  Jennifer Jason Leigh  and Alan Cumming (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of ', 'behind-the-scenes look at Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars  Jennifer Jason Leigh  and Alan Cumming (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of ', 'behind-the-scenes look at Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars  Jennifer Jason Leigh  and Alan Cumming (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of ', 'behind-the-scenes look at Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars  Jennifer Jason Leigh  and Alan Cumming (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of ', 'top stars were scarce this year. Those who did turn up included Sean Penn, Frances McDormand, Tim Robbins and  Jennifer Jason Leigh . For the closing-night film, spectators were treated to visits by Melanie Griffith, who was honored at Cannes ', 'behind-the-scenes look at Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars  Jennifer Jason Leigh  and Alan Cumming (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of ', 'behind-the-scenes look at Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars  Jennifer Jason Leigh  and Alan Cumming (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of ', "musical, says she's still acting and returns to the screen in The Anniversary Party this summer, directed by  Jennifer Jason Leigh  and Alan Cumming. Mommy Groupies Teenage girls are not the only ones chasing after the guys in 98 Degrees. For ", "over. You have to hang in there. He's got his own stuff going on. He has a baby on the way. The drama. And  jennifer jason leigh , everybody. She's playing your mom. That has to be fantastic. It's amazing. We've only shot a handful ", "going on. He has a baby on the way. The drama. And jennifer jason leigh , everybody. She's playing your mom. That has to be fantastic. It's amazing. We've only shot a handful of scenes together. What we've ", 'great show. This will be the biggest show of the year, because it has been building, building, building. And  jennifer jason leigh , she does cuckoo very well. Yeah. If you remember "fast times at rich mont high." Yeah, so far, I\'m 2 ', 'show of the year, because it has been building, building, building. And jennifer jason leigh , she does cuckoo very well. Yeah. If you remember "fast times at rich mont high." Yeah, so far, I\'m 2 for 2. ']