['In 2009, the Taliban issued an edict that all girls in her region be banned from schools', 'Malala spoke out, blogged and appeared in a documentary, refusing to follow their orders', 'After a 2010 meeting with a top diplomat, she wanted ice cream, revealing she was still just a kid', "(CNN) -- Eleven-year-olds sometimes have trouble sleeping through the night, kept awake by monsters they can't see.", 'They had long beards and dull-colored robes and had taken over her city in the Swat Valley, in northwestern Pakistan.', 'It was such a beautiful place once, so lush and untouched that tourists flocked there to ski. But that was before 2003, when the Taliban began using it as a base for operations in nearby Afghanistan.', 'The Taliban believe girls should not be educated, or for that matter, even leave the house. In Swat they worked viciously to make sure residents obeyed.', 'Pakistani Christians attend a prayer service for the recovery of teen activist Malala Yousufzai in Lahore on Sunday, November 11. Pakistan celebrated Malala Day on Saturday as part of a global day of support for the teenager shot by the Taliban.', 'Pakistani Christians attend a prayer service in Lahore on Sunday. In the past month, Malala, 15, has gone from an intensive care unit in Pakistan, showing no signs of consciousness, to walking, writing, reading and smiling in a hospital in the UK.', 'Pakistani supporters hold photographs of Malala as they stand alongside burning candles during a ceremony to mark Malala Day in Karachi on Saturday, November 10. The teen activist was shot in the head by the Taliban as she rode home from school in a van last month. She had defied the militant group by insisting on the right of girls to go to school. The attack has stirred outrage in Pakistan and around the world.', 'Pakistani students shout slogans near photographs of Malala in Karachi on Saturday.', 'Indian teachers add finishing touches to a "Malala Rangoli" at a high school in Ahmedabad on Saturday.', 'Malala sits up in her hospital bed with her father, Ziauddin, and her two younger brothers, Atal Khan, right, and Khushal Khan on Friday, October 26, at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham in Birmingham, England.', 'Pakistani human rights activists light candles during a Sunday, October 21, vigil for Malala Yousufzai in Lahore. ', "Students at the Sacred Heart Cathedral School in Lahore attend special prayers on Friday, October 19, for Malala's recovery. ", 'An activist with the Association for the Advancement of Feminism lights candles during a vigil in Hong Kong on Friday.', 'Indian sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik puts final touches on a sand sculpture in honor of Malala at Puri Beach, India, on Tuesday, October 16.', 'Pakistani demonstrators chant slogans during a protest against the assassination attempt by the Taliban on Tuesday in Islamabad, Pakistan.', 'Pakistani activists of the Islamic Sunni Tehreek party carry flags at a rally in Islamabad on Sunday, October 14. ', 'Supporters of a Pakistani political party, Muttahida Quami Movement, gather during a protest procession for Malala in Karachi, Pakistan, on Sunday. ', 'Pakistani leaders of the movement sit in front of a poster of Malala at a procession on Sunday in Karachi.', 'A Pakistani youth places an oil lamp next to a photograph of teen activist Malala Yousufzai on Friday, October 12, in Karachi, Pakistan. ', 'Pakistani school girls pray for the recovery of teen activist Malala Yousufzai at their school in Peshawar on Friday.', 'Pakistani hospital workers carry Malala on a stretcher at a hospital following the attack on Tuesday, October 9. Malala was shot in the head while riding home in a school van in the Taliban-heavy Swat Valley, officials said. ', 'Supporters hold portraits of Malala as they pray for her well-being in Karachi, Pakistan, on Wednesday. Malala gained fame for blogging about how girls should have rights in Pakistan, including the right to learn. ', "A Pakistani Muslim prays for Malala during Friday prayers in Karachi. Malala, whose writing earned her Pakistan's first National Peace Prize, also encouraged young people to take a stand against the Taliban -- and to not hide in their bedrooms.", 'A Pakistani female activist holds a photograph of Malala and prays for her recovery in Islamabad on Saturday.', 'Pakistani Muslims bow their heads and pray for Malala during Friday prayers in Karachi.', 'Pakistani school girls pray for the Malala\'s recovery on Wednesday. Over the weekend, the teen moved her limbs after doctors "reduced sedation to make a clinical assessment," military spokesman Maj. Gen. Asim Bajwa said.', 'Pakistani civil society activists carry banners in Islamabad on Wednesday as they shout ant-Taliban slogans during a protest against the assassination attempt.', 'Children of Pakistani journalists and civil society activists light candles in Islamabad on Wednesday.', 'Pakistani Christians attend a mass prayer for the recovery of Malala at Fatima Church in Islamabad on Thursday.', 'Pakistani Christians attend a mass praying for the recovery of Malala at a church in Lahore on Sunday.', 'But this was not how Malala decided she would live. With the encouragement of her father, she began believing that she was stronger than the things that scared her.', '"The Taliban have repeatedly targeted schools in Swat," she wrote in an extraordinary blog when she was empowered to share her voice with the world by the BBC.', 'She was writing around the time the Taliban issued a formal edict in January 2009 banning all girls from schools. On the blog, she praised her father, who was operating one of the few schools that would go on to defy that order.', '"My father said that some days ago someone brought the printout of this diary saying how wonderful it was," Malala wrote. "My father said that he smiled, but could not even say that it was written by his daughter."', 'Now 14, she was coming home from school in a van with other schoolchildren when Taliban assassins stopped the vehicle, climbed on and demanded that the children identify her. Terrified, the children did it and the men fired, also wounding two other girls.', '"We do not tolerate people like Malala speaking against us," a Taliban spokesman later said, as Malala, in a Pakistani hospital, breathed with the help of a ventilator.', 'The Taliban would come for her again if she managed to survive, the spokesman threatened.', 'Since October she has been in Great Britain receiving top medical care from an international team of doctors. On Wednesday, doctors announced that she is expected to undergo further surgery in Birmingham, to repair her skull.', 'Malala looks the same today at 14, as she did at 11, like a child. But with each interview she gave to Pakistani and international reporters between 2009 and 2012, she sounded more like an adult.', '"I have the right of education," she said in a 2011 interview with CNN. "I have the right to play. I have the right to sing. I have the right to talk. I have the right to go to market. I have the right to speak up."', '"God will ask you on the day of judgment, \'Where were you when your people were asking you ... when your school fellows were asking you and when your school was asking you ...\'Why I am being blown up?\'"', 'In January 2009, Malala and her father sat in their living room drinking tea and eating beef and curry stew.', 'It was the night before the Taliban had issued their edict against girls in school.', 'Ziauddin Yousufzai was beside himself. He knew he would have to close one of the private schools he ran for girls.', 'Yousufzai grew up in the Swat area with little access to educational resources, but he had a natural passion for learning and literature. He was devastated that his daughter would be robbed of those pleasures.', "That's according to Adam Ellick, a reporter with the New York Times who filmed a 2009 documentary about Malala and her father and the Taliban's campaign against girls' education.", 'Ellick spent months with the father and daughter and formed a deep friendship with them.', '"Ziauddin had a revolutionary zeal and deep commitment to education," Ellick said this week. "This charming little girl, she is a mini-version of him in many ways. She loves school, homework. Whenever she would meet me she had a bookbag full of books."', '"She didn\'t have that idealistic activist attitude when she\'s 10 and 11, because who does?" Ellick said. "Her situation demanded that she grow up before she should have. She caught his contagious commitment and idealism."', "In the family's living room in 2009, Yousufzai lovingly put his palm atop his daughter's head.", '"A newborn child ... I looked into her eyes," he said. "I love her ... I love her."', '"(The Taliban) left my people in hard days," he said, trying to find the right words in English.', '"I should be beside them. This is my duty. And if I die for it, I think there would be no better chance for me to die than this."', 'One need only look at the headlines in the region. "Militants destroyed 125 girls\' schools in 10 months,\' the Pakistan newspaper Daily Times reported in August 2008. ', 'Human rights workers and aid agencies held a seminar in the area in 2008 to try to voice their concerns. They said Pakistani politicians and leaders were not listening.', 'Between 2007 and March 2009, 172 schools were shelled, blasted, demolished or ransacked. About 23,000 girls and 17,000 boys could no longer go to school, according to the United Nations High Commission on Human Rights.', 'In October 2010, months after massive floods caused widespread devastation in Pakistan, the Taliban stepped up its bombing campaign against schools that defiantly continued to educate girls.', "For girls who weren't hurt, fear that they would be accomplished the Taliban's objective. Parents kept their daughters home to protect them.", 'In her BBC blog, Malala wrote on the eve of the edict that she had just ended her routine winter break from school. Usually before break, the principal would announce when classes would resume.', "But what do you do when you're 11? You go to the playground and you play, so that's what they did.", "Some of the girls said they thought everything would work out. They'd be back, they said.", 'Malala wanted to be hopeful, too. But before she left, she turned around and took one long look at the building.', "Meaning corn flower in Urdu, the native language of the region, Gul Makai is a name taken from a character in a Pashtun folk story. It's not well known, but Pashtun experts say the story is a kind of Romeo and Juliet tale. It's a sweet love story laced with tragedy.", 'In 2010 she met with U.S. Special Envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan Richard Holbrooke.', '"She said, \'I want to get ice cream...I love vanilla ice cream,\'" Ellick recalled. "Here is this girl that can go from being at a negotiating table, a high-level diplomatic meeting, but she also wanted ice cream."', 'Ellick remembered another time when they were out shopping in Islamabad, having fun and hunting for English language books and DVDs.', '"I was disappointed that she wanted some trashy American sitcoms," Ellick laughs. "I kept telling myself, \'I know you want her to want to watch a documentary about Sierra Leone but she is just a girl.\'"', 'Malala told Geo TV in Pakistan in 2012 that the Taliban could do whatever they liked, but she was still going to get an education.', '"We live in the 21st century," Malala said. "How can we be deprived from education?"', '"She wasn\'t as confident then as she has become," he said. "They\'ve received attention and awards. They felt like their labor was paying off."', 'But could a 14-year-old really fully appreciate that words, however inspiring, could get her killed?', 'A CNN reporter asked her last year what she would do if she were president of Pakistan.', "The reporter pressed her hard. These guys have guns and bombs. You're just a kid, you do as you're told, they would tell her.", "If they didn't want to talk, she said, she would use the holy book they used to justify their brutality.", 'Nowhere in the Quran, Malala said, does it say that girls should not be allowed to go to school.', 'The teen blogger simply sought to get an education. But she became a symbol of defiance against militants, empowering young women worldwide.', "See photos of Malala's journey from her hospital bed to her first day at school.", "Becky Anderson checks in on Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousufzai, who has become a global symbol for girls' education. ", 'Hundreds of messages from around the world were received by CNN for Malala Yousufzai, the Pakistani teen activist attacked by the Taliban.', 'Doctors fought to save her life, then her condition took a dip. They operated to remove a bullet from her neck. She was unresponsive for three days. ', "The University Hospital in Birmingham, UK show scans and 3D images of Malala's head wound.", "Pakistan has a new heroine and a new cause -- a girl's right to education. Now the government vows to get every child into school by end 2015.", "The Pakistani Taliban sought to silence the teenage education activist Malala Yousufzai. Now it's the news media and journalists they threaten.", "The Pakistan Taliban's attack on Malala Yousufzai has reawakened the country to the threat of extremists, says Frida Ghitis.", "In an exclusive interview, Kainat Ahmad, who was shot with Malala Yousufzai, talks to CNN about last week's attack by the Pakistani Taliban.", 'The Pakistani Taliban attack on a teenage girl is the latest in a long list of assaults against the military and civilians, analysts say.', "Eleven-year-olds sometimes are kept awake by monsters they can't see. But Malala began believing that she was stronger than the things that scared her.", 'A week ago, a Pakistani schoolgirl who dared to speak out against the Taliban took a bullet to the head for her act of defiance.', 'The 14-year-old Pakistani girl who was shot in the head simply because she wants an education has become an international symbol of defiance against the Taliban.', 'Thousands rally in Pakistan for Malala Yousufzai amid signs of growing fury with the Taliban.', "The story of Malala's fight to attend school has exposed our failure to deliver on universal education, writes former British PM Gordon Brown."]