['GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', 'Katy Perry, Will Farrell, Scarlett Johansson, Channing Tatum, Charlize Theron, John Krasinski, Jennifer Garner,  Jessica Biel , Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Stiller, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg, Michelle Williams ', 'Washington, D.C., on "hyper-partisanship" while speaking at a fundraiser attended by Justin Timberlake and  Jessica Biel  in New York City Monday afternoon, saying some Republicans worry too much about the reaction of conservative radio ', 'Washington, D.C., on "hyper-partisanship" while speaking at a fundraiser attended by Justin Timberlake and  Jessica Biel  in New York City Monday afternoon, saying some Republicans worry too much about the reaction of conservative radio ', "President Obama Blames Political Gridlock on 'Hyper-Partisanship,' Rush Limbaugh", 'Washington, D.C., on "hyper-partisanship" while speaking at a fundraiser attended by Justin Timberlake and  Jessica Biel  in New York City Monday afternoon, saying some Republicans worry too much about the reaction of conservative radio ', "'Lunchtime Lipo': Lightning-Fast Procedure Lets Patients on Break Lose Muffin Tops, but Is It Safe?", "Who wouldn't want Angelina Jolie's stunning arms,  Jessica Biel 's small waist or Beyonce's, well, anything? And what if you could get those seemingly flawless red carpet results over your ", 'really wasn\'t a big deal," Diaz said at the time. "We had a great time!" Timberlake is now married to actress  Jessica Biel . Drew Barrymore and Luke Wilson Drew Barrymore and Luke Wilson, co-stars in the 1998 film "Home Fries," dated ', "(Image Credit: Jason Merritt/Getty Images) Sandra Bullock's long locks, Kristen Stewart's up do,  Jessica Biel 's perfectly messy pony - to get their hair red-carpet ready, the A-listers turn to one man: Adir Abergel. He ", 'Perry\'s Good Deeds" Adam Sandler, "That\'s My Boy!" FULL COVERAGE: Razzie Awards 2013 Worst Supporting Actress:  Jessica Biel , "Playing For Keeps" and "Total Recall" Brooklyn Decker, "Battleship" and "What To Expect When You\'re Expecting ', '800-443-7565. LIVE In Fitness, (L.I.F.E), in Laguna Beach, Calif., and Hilton Head, S.C. Where do stars like  Jessica Biel , Angela Basset, Chris Daughtry and Bette Midler go to kick some serious butt? To L.I.F.E, a fitness resorts ', 'Alex Cross" and "Tyler Perry\'s Good Deeds" Adam Sandler, "That\'s My Boy!" Worst Supporting Actress:  Jessica Biel , "Playing For Keeps" and "Total Recall" Brooklyn Decker, "Battleship" and "What To Expect When You\'re Expecting ', 'Google, Yahoo, Bing, Ask: Top Searches of 2012, From the Election to the iPhone 5', 'Pitt. How big is Angelina\'s engagement ring? 7. Carly Rae Jepsen. What is the best "Call Me Maybe" parody? 8.  Jessica Biel . When are Justin and Jessica getting married? 9. Miley Cyrus. Why did Miley Cyrus cut her hair? 10. Ryan Lochte ', 'Thomas Whiteside/ELLE Life is all roses for actress  Jessica Biel  . The movie star has two movies opening Friday, and, in a new interview with Elle magazine, the 30-year-old says married ', 'READ MORE: Denise Richards Adopts Dog In Support of Relief Efforts Last weekend, newlyweds Justin Timberlake and  Jessica Biel  helped out Superstorm Sandy victims in Far Rockaway, N.Y. Jayme Oak/INFphoto.com The stars, along with producer ', 'That looks really cool.  Jessica biel  is a very busy lady these days. She just married justin timberlake do every year. Hang out with our family and be very mellow.  Jessica biel , "playing for keeps" and "hitchcock" both open on friday ', 'That looks really cool. Jessica biel is a very busy lady these days. She just married justin timberlake in a beautiful italian wedding in october. And she has ', 'do every year. Hang out with our family and be very mellow. Jessica biel , "playing for keeps" and "hitchcock" both open on friday. Congratulations on your wedding to justin. Thank you very much. It\'s time, now, ', 'sure to be one of the summer\'s biggest blockbusters.  Jessica biel  stars in "total recall." A full setup for that being with us. "Total recall" hits theaters today.  Jessica biel  in the house, everyone. Ne-yo about to take center', 'about what is sure to be one of the summer\'s biggest blockbusters. Jessica biel stars in "total recall." A full setup for that. A remake of the action-packed cult sci-fi classic. Jessica, this movie is fun. ', 'that. Thank you for being with us. "Total recall" hits theaters today. Jessica biel in the house, everyone. Ne-yo about to take center ', 'brand-new details about justin timberlake\'s and  jessica biel \'s star-studded italian wedding. The couple tying Hollywood\'s hottest newlyweds, justin timberlake and  jessica biel , gracing the cover of "people" magazine. The bride ', 'back now with the brand-new details about justin timberlake\'s and jessica biel\'s star-studded italian wedding. The couple tying the knot over the weekend. And there\'s justin jumping for joy next to jessica. We have all of the scoop, including how the groom serenaded the bride. It\'s the first glimpse of a-list wedded bliss. Hollywood\'s hottest newlyweds, justin timberlake and jessica biel , gracing the cover of "people" magazine. The bride, a radiant vision in a pedal pink dress. While the fwroom looks ecstatic, donning ', "Now it's time for the scanning. Justin Timberlake the market is that right as is Jessica revealed they finally tied the knot this weekend. After dating by mediator I just say that like you can't get. About a so so they swapped vows in front of 150. Of their closest friends in the of Italy on Friday", "It wasn't one of the best kept secrets in Hollywood crap to average Justin Timberlake and Jessica managing to get married in Italy yesterday and we said it was like. CIA and no one knew about until started arriving earlier this week. So having the power couple ABC's on air barrows all the details", "It is the summer of surprise, a-list wedding, or is it? Now we're talking  jessica biel  and justin timberlake. Did they really tie the knot over the weekend? That's what all of the buzz is online and is halle berry ", "the summer of surprise, a-list wedding, or is it? Now we're talking jessica biel and justin timberlake. Did they really tie the knot over the weekend? That's what all of the buzz is online and is "]