["revealed on the red carpet at the celebrities arrive. Beyonce, Gwyneth Paltrow, Rihanna, Sarah Jessica Parker and  Jessica Alba  are some of the celebrities that attended last year's event.", 'Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic Actress  Jessica Alba  is known for maintaining her slender Haven, 1, were born. WATCH:  Jessica Alba  Helps Families Stay Chic and Healthy Everything is stretched out." RECIPE:  Jessica Alba \'s Go-To Green Drink Alba will ', 'Sawyer-themed baby shower. Surrounded by friends ( Jessica Alba  and Chelsea Handler) and family (sister Ashlee Jessica trusted her mom to make the decisions."  Jessica Alba  Good friend  Jessica Alba , along with husband Cash Warren, were among ', 'she\'s open to it, telling "Showbiz Tonight" that playing Arias would be "interesting."  Jessica Alba  Another dark-haired beauty,  Jessica Alba  could easily play sexually alluring and headstrong. The former "Dark Angel" star is best known ', 'which is fine," he said. "Then Gwen started showing up in Windows Phone ads." Other celebrities, such as actress  Jessica Alba , have signed on to promote Windows Phone 8. "Gwen must really like the Windows environment," Ginsberg said ', 'where a million other mouths have been, just knowing all the bacteria that you carry in your mouth? Ucch!"  Jessica Alba Jessica Alba  has said her OCD came out of a need to have control over her life. "I used to unplug every single appliance ', "her BlackBerry Z10 . But, of course, many celebrities endorse products they don't strictly use. For instance,  Jessica Alba , who appeared at Microsoft's Windows Phone event , said she gave up her iPhone for a Windows phone. However, she ", "A-list stars - Claire Danes, Anne Hathaway,  Jessica Alba  and Sofia Vergara - at a fraction of the pave point ring, $90; noirjewelry.com  Jessica Alba  A lot of people were talking about  Jessica Alba 's Oscar de la Renta coral gown, which ", 'be nominated for each year\'s Academy Awards. This year\'s nominees in film and television categories were read by  Jessica Alba , Megan Fox and Ed Helms. And the nominees are ... Best Motion Picture, Drama "Argo" "Django Unchained" "Life ', 'purchasing the same brand of Philip\'s loafers, seen on the likes of stars like Ryan Gosling, Justin Timberlake and  Jessica Alba  and sold exclusively in high-end retailers including Neiman Marcus and Saks. "He\'s extremely attentive to detail ', 'the east coast. "We have friends in New York. We are constantly being updated with what is going on in the news,"  Jessica Alba  told ABCNews.com today. "I am now on the way to the airport and getting updates, we want everyone to be safe and ', 'right now because of our beautiful  jessica alba . You know her, of course, from "fantastic four flea marketing -- oh, yeah. We have a shared love.  Jessica alba \'s new book, "the honest life." Check it out ', 'right now because of our beautiful jessica alba . You know her, of course, from "fantastic four" and "sin city." Now these ataking on a new role turning green into glam ', 'and great flea marketing -- oh, yeah. We have a shared love. Jessica alba\'s new book, "the honest life." Check it out. In book stores right now and ', "about. Your children and you care about your family and and that's really when it comes down to idea that. All right  Jessica Alba  and indeed eager to us thank you for being here and that's good luck good luck working this issue. Forget prime mister ", "that's really when it comes down to -- idea that. All right Jessica Alba and indeed eager to us thank you for being here and that's good luck good luck working this issue. Forget prime mister ", "She's one of Hollywood's most Indian and beautiful actresses. But protect the Powell not motherhood is most important role taking one step further and co founding the honest company it's safe affordable and environmentally friendly and the product. And we are thrilled to have her here I kept and he", "look at whappens before the cameras flash. Reporter: It is the night of fashion's super bowl. The met ball. And  jessica alba  is putting the finishing touches on her red carpet outfit. I look it better. Those are really cool. Reporter: Countless ", "It is the night of fashion's super bowl. The met ball. And jessica alba is putting the finishing touches on her red carpet outfit. I look it better. Those are really cool. Reporter: Countless accessories are ", 'weekend, the latest issue of "us weekly" is celebrating the hottest bods and giving us their secrets. Actress and mom  jessica alba  sticks to organic food, mostly fruits and vegetables. It\'s done. Reporter: Kerry washington says her fitness routine ', "celebrating the hottest bods and giving us their secrets. Actress and mom jessica alba sticks to organic food, mostly fruits and vegetables. It's done. Reporter: Kerry washington says her fitness routine is hardly a scandal. Constantly ", "in the country EEI you need one yeah nobody around now if you get in it's unfortunate that at some lighter here.  Jessica Alba  apparently lost all that weight when her second baby born he By wearing double corset look how hot she liked and that ", "you get in -- it's unfortunate that at some lighter -- here. Jessica Alba apparently lost all that -- weight when her second baby born he -- By wearing -- double corset look how hot she "]