['Star discusses her recent marriage to Justin Timberlake, new movie, "Playing for Keeps."', 'sure to be one of the summer\'s biggest blockbusters.  Jessica biel  stars in "total recall." A full setup for that being with us. "Total recall" hits theaters today.  Jessica biel  in the house, everyone. Ne-yo about to take center', 'about what is sure to be one of the summer\'s biggest blockbusters. Jessica biel stars in "total recall." A full setup for that. A remake of the action-packed cult sci-fi classic. Jessica, this movie is fun. ', 'that. Thank you for being with us. "Total recall" hits theaters today. Jessica biel in the house, everyone. Ne-yo about to take center ', 'brand-new details about justin timberlake\'s and  jessica biel \'s star-studded italian wedding. The couple tying Hollywood\'s hottest newlyweds, justin timberlake and  jessica biel , gracing the cover of "people" magazine. The bride ', 'back now with the brand-new details about justin timberlake\'s and jessica biel\'s star-studded italian wedding. The couple tying the knot over the weekend. And there\'s justin jumping for joy next to jessica. We have all of the scoop, including how the groom serenaded the bride. It\'s the first glimpse of a-list wedded bliss. Hollywood\'s hottest newlyweds, justin timberlake and jessica biel , gracing the cover of "people" magazine. The bride, a radiant vision in a pedal pink dress. While the fwroom looks ecstatic, donning ', "Now it's time for the scanning. Justin Timberlake the market is that right as is Jessica revealed they finally tied the knot this weekend. After dating by mediator I just say that like you can't get. About a so so they swapped vows in front of 150. Of their closest friends in the of Italy on Friday", "It wasn't one of the best kept secrets in Hollywood crap to average Justin Timberlake and Jessica managing to get married in Italy yesterday and we said it was like. CIA and no one knew about until started arriving earlier this week. So having the power couple ABC's on air barrows all the details", "It is the summer of surprise, a-list wedding, or is it? Now we're talking  jessica biel  and justin timberlake. Did they really tie the knot over the weekend? That's what all of the buzz is online and is halle berry ", "the summer of surprise, a-list wedding, or is it? Now we're talking jessica biel and justin timberlake. Did they really tie the knot over the weekend? That's what all of the buzz is online and is ", "Story in the world of celebrity death and Timberlake and Jessica bill. Making official. Gotten That says Justin and how it happened while she went snowboarding skiing went to protect Jackson Michael me. We had a really great time out that's now out of fresh air. And then he popped the question with", "The latest issue of us weekly has all the but here is Erica hi there Erica at great to see all my time easy to do so let's talk about Justin Timberlake and Jessica they were together quite awhile but I guess every. Break up wasn't too much of a surprise for now there are reports that has been", "Looks like a major celebrity couple has called it quits also Mariah Carey sign pretty lavish baby showers or anything else for Mariah and the big question is Charlie Sheen finally facing reality. Don't get it. From life and style weekly is here to lesson. Donna how are you today I'm great on there", "I would be at home different television. We need to see what happens on election night to pick me. I hope I hope Obama gets elected I really do put that economic crisis and everything it's it's it's. All alone. Matters what's happening over in our country is only going to help or are hinder what's", 'From making an orange tree grow in a matter of seconds. To conjuring images of the the new film the illusionist present some pretty impressive tricks. Almost none of them done digitally our own last director Neil Parker how he pulled it out. Found out through so. How you think I can. That most of', "Get the opportunity with Jessica. Her credits as the love interest the female love interest anyway in the new comedy I now pronounce you chuck. And Larry Adam Sandler Kevin James stars the straight firefighters who poses a gay couple. To get domestic partner benefits. It's very interesting plot", 'winter. Their latest may have more saying "i do" than ever. With every celebrity wedding a new trend is born. With  jessica biel \'s pretty in pink gown with keira knightley\'s short and sassy number. While these a-list frocks are fun for inspiration ', "than ever. With every celebrity wedding a new trend is born. With jessica biel's pretty in pink gown with keira knightley's short and sassy number. While these a-list frocks are fun for inspiration they're not friendly ", "sat in the chair to weedle out some hair-curling confessions. Reporter: From sandra bullock's long locks -- to  jessica biel 's perfectly messy pony -- to that famous anne hathaway cut -- to get their hair red carpet ready, the a-listers ", "out some hair-curling confessions. Reporter: From sandra bullock's long locks -- to jessica biel's perfectly messy pony -- to that famous anne hathaway cut -- to get their hair red carpet ready, the a-listers turn to ", "emmy awards. Then, he got hitched. He said I do to  jessica biel  in october. In an effort to prove to hollywood that He had a bigger first week debut on itunes. Is it  jessica biel ? I don't think so. The jury's out. I love it ", 'four emmy awards. Then, he got hitched. He said I do to jessica biel in october. In an effort to prove to hollywood that his star power extends beyond the music charts, timberlake starred in "friends ', "experience. He had a bigger first week debut on itunes. Is it jessica biel ? I don't think so. The jury's out. I love it. Was that that loud? Now, to the women, who are ", "owns a piece of myspace. Maybe it's love that inspired him to make sweet music again. He married his sweetheart,  jessica biel , a few months ago. Full album expected to be released this spring. It was new moms night out at the golden globes ", 'that inspired him to make sweet music again. He married his sweetheart, jessica biel , a few months ago. Full album expected to be released this spring. It was new moms night out at the golden globes. ', 'boys to billionaires to bachelorets, there were plenty of fairy tale weddings to go around. Justin timberlake and  jessica biel  got married in puglia, italy. Yes, jessica, for getting married and some little bangs and a pink dress. Get e was ', 'were plenty of fairy tale weddings to go around. Justin timberlake and jessica biel got married in puglia, italy. Yes, jessica, for getting married and some little bangs and a pink dress. Get e was jumping ', 'she\'s here to tell us about her new romantic comedy, "playing for keeps." Including an all-star cast, with  jessica biel , uma thurman, dennis quaid, and gerard butler. We had your castmates on. It\'s great to see you. You play a soccer ', 'her new romantic comedy, "playing for keeps." Including an all-star cast, with jessica biel , uma thurman, dennis quaid, and gerard butler. We had your castmates on. It\'s great to see you. You play a soccer mom. ']