['Maryland Sen. Barbara Mikulski is set to become the first woman to chair the prestigious Senate Appropriations Committee, a position left open this week by the death...', "Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) on 'Cut, Cap & Balance,' and the resistance the bill faces since it was passed in the House Wednesday.", 'State and federal authorities are frustrated with the lack of specific details from the Department of Homeland Security about the release of immigration detainees in...', 'Trying to ratchet up pressure on Congress, the White House on Friday detailed what it said would be the painful impact on the federal work force and certain governme...', 'Three months after Superstorm Sandy ravaged coastal areas in much of the Northeast, Congress on Monday sent a $50.5 billion emergency relief measure for storm victim...', 'By Liz Peek Financial ColumnistDemocrats in Congress, with the support of the Obama administration, are set to upend a policy which for the past 50 years has saved t...', 'Senate Democrats have blocked an amendment that would have let insurers opt out of providing contraceptive coverage if employers had religious or moral objections.Th...', "Senate Republicans on Tuesday blocked a Democratic bill calling for equal pay in the workplace. But President Barack Obama and his congressional allies aren't finish...", 'The Senate on Friday approved a $60.4 billion emergency spending aid package for victims of Hurricane Sandy that had been backed by Senate Democrats.Democrats had to...', 'Senate approves $60.4 billion Sandy aid package; bill faces uncertain fate in House', 'The Senate on Friday approved a $60.4 billion emergency spending aid package for victims of Hurricane Sandy that had been backed by Senate Democrats.Democrats had to...', 'Below is a partial list of speakers set to deliver remarks at the Democratic National Convention on Wednesday, Sept. 5. This list, released by the DNC, is subject to...', 'During the past few days we have heard two cries regarding the health care debate in the Senate. One, health care reform is an issue of social justice and not a refe...', 'The U.S. Naval Academy on Wednesday charged three Navy football players with sexually assaulting a female midshipman at an off-campus house more than a year ago.The ...', 'This is a partial transcript from " Hannity & Colmes ," October 7, 2005, that has been edited for clarity.ALAN COLMES, CO-HOST: First, Democratic Senator Barbara Mik...', 'U.S. Sen. Barbara Mikulski says Congress has approved $43 million to continue production of border-patrol planes in Hagerstown.The Democratic senator said Monday tha...', 'Determined to stop sexual assault in the military, Congress is spelling out for the services how far lawmakers are willing to go in changing the decades-old military...', 'While the Obama administration says automatic spending cuts will mean budget pain for Americans everywhere, lawmakers say the government is sitting on more than enou...']