['into 42 languages. Some of her works were adapted into films including the 1995 movie "Circle of Friends (starring  Minnie Driver ). Maeve Binchy was 72 years old. http://www.rte.ie/news/2012/0730/writer-maeve-binchy-dies-aged-72 ', 'all charges. Famous Birthdays 1937 Philip Glass 1941 Richard A. Gephardt 1941 Jessica Walter 1947 Nolan Ryan 1970  Minnie Driver  1973 Portia de Rossi 1975 Preity Zinta 1977 Kerry Washington 1981 Justin Timberlake 1996 Joel Courtney View more videos ', 'X-Men" and that someone is the father of her child. The guessing game continues.  Minnie Driver : Jones could take some notes from British actress  Minnie Driver . The single mother of two-and-a-half-year-old Henry has stayed mum about ', 'distance." Jones may be raising her child alone, but she\'s not alone as a single mom in Hollywood. Sandra Bullock ,  Minnie Driver , Halle Berry are all members of the single mom\'s club.', '51-year-old mother of two teenage boys says celebrities and "regular people" mix easily in Malibu. British actress  Minnie Driver  lives in a trailer on one side of her, she says, and actor Matthew McConaughey is renting next door while he films ', 'wasn\'t nominated this time around. Nominees for leading ladies in a drama series are Patricia Arquette for "Medium,"  Minnie Driver  for "The Riches," Edie Falco for "The Sopranos," Sally Field for "Brothers and Sisters," Kyra Sedgwick for ', "Aiken's pregnancy news. Out of the 47 comments posted on that blog thus far, the majority echo his sentiments. When  Minnie Driver  revealed she was pregnant earlier this year but kept mum about the baby's father (besides the fact that they have ", "where the romantic relationship between Mulder and Scully will end up. David just grins. He isn't telling.  MINNIE DRIVER Minnie Driver  has been getting more attention for her pregnancy than her acting career. She's expecting her first child ", 'albums are stellar and worthy of notice. Most of these albums though, wind up as little, interesting footnotes.  Minnie Driver  has released two decent but forgettable albums. Juliette Lewis fronts her own band, the Licks. Even Peter Gallagher did an album ', 'epinephrine later." Others in attendance: Marion Cotillard, Tom Wilkinson, Sean Combs, Courtney Love, Stevie Wonder,  Minnie Driver  and Amy Adams. The high point of the evening for Stone: "When we were all singing Benny and the Jets, and I looked ', 'Starring: Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria, Harry Shearer,  Minnie Driver , Kelsey Grammer, Joe Mantegna, Albert Brooks and Erin Brokovich-Ellis Directed by: David Silverman Release Date ', 'to the heartbreak of "nannygate" when Law had an affair with his children\'s nanny. "Good Will Hunting\'s"  Minnie Driver  was dumped by co-star Matt Damon on "Oprah." Jennifer Lopez\'s and Ben Affleck\'s much-scrutinized engagement ', 'unique methods used. 1. Oprah\'s Couch: Matt Damon &  Minnie Driver  Matt Damon never jumped up and down on Oprah\'s famed single. The announcement came as a total surprise to  Minnie Driver , his "Good Will Hunting" co-star, whom he\'d been ', "you say anything it was a free preview of this week's episode this is do so. In the streets so we actually have  Minnie Driver  testing exciting. I have no since are so yeah. Did I am excited for me it's exciting terminals I got but in my ", "this is do so. In the streets -- so we actually have Minnie Driver testing -- -- exciting. I have no since -- are so yeah. Did I am excited for me it's exciting terminals I ", 'Stronger commanding roles seem to be seeing more of them on cable TV you come to mind curious Hedrick comes to mind and  Minnie Driver  Clint yes and yes we think us. Well I think you know that that the started first really with. Would the shield and ', 'cable TV you come to mind curious Hedrick comes to mind and Minnie Driver Clint yes and yes we think -- us. Well I think you know that that the -- started -- first really with. ', 'ones getting the most attention at Yahoo! number five  Minnie Driver . Now surprise I know I thought say that. Purist would alongside Johnson she was a real offense that towel but.  Minnie Driver  has more searches at then font Yahoo! Search so we ', 'ones getting the most attention at Yahoo! -- -- -- number five Minnie Driver . Now surprise I know I thought -- say that. Purist would say not a bona -- bond girl but she did play arena in goldeneye alongside -- -- Johnson she was a real offense that towel but. Minnie Driver has more searches at then font Yahoo! Search so we did one getter -- list. -- actually boy is going to be ']