['(CNN) -- U.S. Coast Guard and military rescuers Wednesday found nine boaters who had been lost at sea off the coast of Honduras.', 'A U.S. Army UH-60 helicopter crew hoisted the survivors to safety, the Coast Guard said in a statement.', 'At least two U.S. citizens were aboard the boat, which set out on what should have been an 18-mile journey Saturday but never arrived at its intended destination.', 'Rescue crews searched more than 4,500 square miles, an area greater than the states of Delaware and Rhode Island combined, according to the Coast Guard. The boaters were found Wednesday morning about 55 miles northwest of their intended destination in Utila, Honduras, the Coast Guard said.', 'The Coast Guard said the incident shows the importance of keeping safety equipment, such as emergency beacons that help rescuers find mariners in distress, onboard boats.', "CNN's Mike Ahlers, Amanda Watts and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]