['now is film crazy heart. Starring Jeff Bridges and  Maggie Gyllenhaal . Maggie will be with us in just a minute to talk You that. Completely for bacterium. That State.  Maggie Gyllenhaal  welcome to the here. And I think I want to start ', 'major happening right now is film crazy heart. Starring Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal . Maggie will be with us in just a minute to talk about the experience of making this movie with Jeff Bridges. But ', '-- -- That -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- State. Maggie Gyllenhaal welcome to the -- -- -- here. And I think I want to start by just having you instead of me. Explain ', "I wake up like you haven't heard at a time we're we are delighted. To have acclaimed actress  Maggie Gyllenhaal  here with us we loved crazy heart Oscar nomination now she's starring. In a provocative new comedy called hysteria. Would you ", "time we're -- -- -- we are delighted. To have acclaimed actress Maggie Gyllenhaal here with us we loved -- crazy heart -- -- Oscar nomination now she's starring. In a provocative new comedy called hysteria. ", "all acher, because there are a lot of great teachers out there in america. Yes. and it starred viola davis and  maggie gyllenhaal , holly hunter, and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's about a parent ", "teachers out there in america. Yes. and it starred viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal , holly hunter, and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's about a parent and teacher who decides ", "there. I and act. On the day we visited actress  Maggie Gyllenhaal  was shooting. Word on the street a little bit building the show a four year old probably doesn't know  Maggie Gyllenhaal  is but that four year old probably does. And is ", "look over there. I and act. On the day we visited actress Maggie Gyllenhaal was shooting. Word on the street a little bit -- building kids' vocabulary. She was also showing off her piggy. How did ", "celebrities on the show a four year old probably doesn't know -- Maggie Gyllenhaal is but that four year old -- probably does. And is more likely to watch with his kids and that improves the ", 'another lady already Well Houston spotted out with mile again. That you state Shia LaBeouf and they were His sister  Maggie Gyllenhaal  the arc and they went to dinner at loop in new York and then they went all the way to Nashville I Mumford and sons ', 'again. That you state Shia LaBeouf and they were -- His sister Maggie Gyllenhaal -- the arc and they went to dinner at loop in new York and then they went all the way to Nashville ', "the it's label is. If I had to pick one this season it would be Alexander when you have to face celebrities had  Maggie Gyllenhaal  he told me how much she loves his work MIA issue Lincoln British singer they're she's in a very funny thing she ", "season it would be Alexander when you have to face celebrities had Maggie Gyllenhaal he told me how much she loves his work MIA issue Lincoln British singer -- they're -- she's in a very funny ", "favorite must have okay. Grant now while it's hot but you know some of pop. Their 5985. And we saw them on mount  Maggie Gyllenhaal  and Michelle they became the hipster must have similar summer. But you have to be hype machine to the and chief ", '-- -- of pop. Their 5985. And we saw them on mount Maggie Gyllenhaal and Michelle -- -- they became the hipster must have similar summer. But you have to be hype machine to -- the ', 'through what. For divorces. And He kinda hooks up with any of all things and music journalist. Played that by  Maggie Gyllenhaal  you who has a young thought the so. Where does this come from. We all know that Scott Cooper the writer director ', 'with any of all things and music journalist. Played -- that by Maggie Gyllenhaal you who has a young thought the so. Where does this come from. We all know that Scott Cooper the writer director ', "are sort of leading the charge of trying to help these people on nine George cronies organizing a big telethon and  Maggie Gyllenhaal  until their that a bunch of kind words and I think everyone's to stem. Hoping that we don't stop talking about ", "these people on nine -- George cronies organizing a big telethon and Maggie Gyllenhaal until their -- that a bunch of kind words and I think everyone's to stem. Hoping that we don't stop talking about ", 'best performance by an actress and supporting role off. Penelope Cruz in nine. Here for make it up in the air.  Maggie Gyllenhaal  in crazy Anna Kendrick in up in the air. And Monique in precious one. Thank you for best performance by an actor ', 'in nine. Here -- for make -- it up in the air. Maggie Gyllenhaal in crazy -- Anna Kendrick in up in the air. And Monique in precious one. Thank you for best performance by an ', 'cruise cemented her star status on screen and in that little pages of magazines. Thank you flat our other nominee  Maggie Gyllenhaal  was. Also an early screen starter her father the director Stephen Gyllenhaal cost in his film Walter land. When ', 'pages of magazines. Thank you -- flat -- -- our other nominee Maggie Gyllenhaal was. Also an early screen starter her father the director Stephen Gyllenhaal cost -- in his film Walter land. When she was ', "few standouts of course right yeah okay let's start first person that you saw that you really was back out I love  Maggie Gyllenhaal  who I thought that her dress was really appropriate. For the red carpet but also really relevant as to what's ", "that you saw that you really -- was back out I love Maggie Gyllenhaal who I thought that her dress was really appropriate. For the red carpet but also really relevant as to what's going on ", "approach to playing a character and him and it was going it was gone completely and He received it was great company.  Maggie Gyllenhaal  replaces Katie Holmes is in Bruce's love interest and then she now likes the DA played by Alan They were called ", "going it was gone completely and He received it was great company. Maggie Gyllenhaal replaces Katie Holmes is in Bruce's love interest and then she now likes the DA played by Alan -- They were called ", 'contributes to the late Heath Ledger was what was the Joker is already receiving ostracized. The stars Christian Bale and  Maggie Gyllenhaal  paid tribute to ledger. Who died in January of an accidental overdose. parents and older sister flew in from Australia ', 'was the Joker is already receiving ostracized. The stars Christian Bale and Maggie Gyllenhaal paid tribute to ledger. Who died in January of an accidental overdose. -- parents and older sister flew in from Australia to ', "Dark Knight curse I don't wanna be the first to say if it. That's the third unfortunate incident. So hopefully  Maggie Gyllenhaal  doesn't fall out of the tree or Well Peter I think think you're absolutely right certainly our thoughts and prayers ", "first to say if it. That's the third unfortunate incident. So hopefully Maggie Gyllenhaal doesn't fall out of the tree or -- -- Well Peter I think think you're absolutely right certainly our thoughts and prayers ", "between and Pena buried under twenty of rubble trying to stay awake and lines. Their wives and families waiting  Maggie Gyllenhaal  is Pena's wife five months pregnant Maria Elena was cage's wife. And finally the rescue. trade center is not ", "awake and lines. -- -- -- -- Their wives and families waiting Maggie Gyllenhaal is Pena's wife five months pregnant Maria Elena was cage's wife. And finally the rescue. -- trade center is not about terrorism ", 'a lot of people talking performance also best actress Penelope Cruz involved there. Judy Dench notes on scandal  Maggie Gyllenhaal  and cherry baby Helen Mirren for the queen and Kate Winslet in little children will now we got a lot of brits come ', 'best actress Penelope Cruz involved there. Judy Dench notes on -- scandal Maggie Gyllenhaal and cherry baby Helen Mirren for the queen and Kate Winslet in little children will -- now we got a lot of ']