['millions of dollars in donations to fund golf club memberships and big salaries and pensions for its top officials.  Marg Helgenberger , who plays Catherine Willows on "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation," is featured in a video on the website for ', 'many female crime investigators in the movies but two women make our list with those TV roles: Mariska Hargitay and  Marg Helgenberger . The pair tie for third place with Marcia Cross. Each of the three women earned an estimated $10 million during ', '"CSI" star Marg Helgenbeger has teamed up with other Hollywood leading ladies to get out the vote. Women\'s Voices, Women Vote is a non-partisan campaign aimed at the 20 million single women who stayed home from the polls in 2004. Helgenberger: I think the women\'s vote is very important. I think the', 'Marg Helgenberger , the Emmy-award-winning star of "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation Check your local listings for "This Week" air times in your area.  Marg Helgenberger : My first time was, I was in college. And it was the presidential ', 'brought the power of the lightning bolt to the small screen. The show C.S.I. starring William Petersen and  Marg Helgenberger  as members of an elite forensic crime scene investigation unit in Las Vegas quickly won the loyalty of both critics ', 'star of the moment the red-hot redhead dubbed the "bombshell with brains" on television\'s No. 1 program.  Marg Helgenberger  is living that dream, playing a sexy scientist on the hit show CSI. She has millions of fans. She\'s been named ', "Wing cast members Sheen, Janel Moloney, Bradley Whitford and Lily Tomlin; CSI: Crime Scene Investigation actors  Marg Helgenberger  and Robert David Hall; and Ocean's Eleven co-stars Matt Damon, Don Cheadle, Elliott Gould and Carl Reiner ", 'Royal Family of Dress. From the very pregnant Jane Kaczmarek and Cynthia Nixon, to the very slender and seductive  Marg Helgenberger  and Kim Cattrall, the women were ravishing and elegant. Most of the ladies had on light fabrics with lots of designs ', 'Sex and the City. They left out Friends and put in Malcolm. Big whoop! Best Actresses, with the exception of  Marg Helgenberger  being recognized for her work on CSI, offered the usual suspects. For Best Actor, they took out the Law & Order ', "for Lorraine Bracco. Also in the category were Sela Ward for Once and Again, Amy Brenneman for Judging Amy and  Marg Helgenberger  for her role in rookie show CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. Patricia Heaton, last year's winner for favorite ", "for Lorraine Bracco. Also in the category were Sela Ward for Once and Again, Amy Brenneman for Judging Amy and  Marg Helgenberger  for her role in rookie show CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. Patricia Heaton, last year's winner for favorite ", "for Lorraine Bracco. Also in the category were Sela Ward for Once and Again, Amy Brenneman for Judging Amy and  Marg Helgenberger  for her role in rookie show CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. Patricia Heaton, last year's winner for favorite ", "for Lorraine Bracco. Also in the category were Sela Ward for Once and Again, Amy Brenneman for Judging Amy and  Marg Helgenberger  for her role in rookie show CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. Among performers, Patricia Heaton, last year's "]