['our "person of the week" is  marie osmond , who is telling us all lessons of the supreme court hearing,  marie osmond  says she hopes all of us set aside there. Reporter: And so we choose  marie osmond , whose book is called "the key ', 'more more. Reporter: And on this week of the supreme court hearing, marie osmond says she hopes all of us set aside fear and let love lead toward marriage equality. I believe in our civil rights. ', 'only a mistake if you stay there. Reporter: And so we choose marie osmond , whose book is called "the key is love," lessons from her mother about strength, self-respect and joy. ', "right here almost under the radar.  Marie Osmond  was remarried. A surprise ceremony Took a dramatic Twenty years.  Marie osmond 's life has been full of second never looked more beautiful and  Marie Osmond  is joining us live on Monday right ", 'the royal wedding. -- -- right here almost -- under the radar. Marie Osmond was remarried. A surprise ceremony yesterday and the biggest surprise of this -- groom. For ex husband. Cash advance -- -- the ', "The Stars where she famously fainted. Took a dramatic -- Twenty years. Marie osmond's life has been full of second chances -- -- K I didn't like gas and she's now making headlines for another second ", "Ashley Banfield ABC news New York. She's never looked more beautiful and Marie Osmond is joining us live on Monday right here. On GMA along with her brother -- so NX spouse would you cast your ", "Entertainment legends  Marie Osmond  breaking her silence about her interview and anyone's heart strings  Marie osmond 's pain is so raw. But her will I knew something was wrong.  Marie Osmond  speaking out for the first time ", "Entertainment legends Marie Osmond breaking her silence about her son's. Suicide she will appear on an episode of Oprah today where she opens up for the first time about. What she calls the hardest thing that she's ever ever been through it teaches here with an early look at such a powerful. It is actually that's right warrants a powerful. Brand new interview and -- -- anyone's heart strings Marie osmond's pain is so raw. But her will to go on is equally strong. It's been eight months since her adopted son Michael took his own life and it's the very first time she's talking publicly about it. I knew something was wrong. Marie Osmond speaking out for the first time about the day her eighteen year old son committed suicide. Tearfully telling Oprah Winfrey about the ", 'Eighteen year old son of  Marie Osmond  has died after jumping from his Los Angeles apartment building feelings of being alone in the world. Basic textbook depression.  Marie Osmond  released a statement through her spokesman saying. My family ', 'Eighteen year old son of Marie Osmond has died after jumping from his Los Angeles apartment building. Police say He left a note referring to his long battle with ', 'battling feelings of being -- alone in the world. Basic textbook depression. Marie Osmond released a statement through her spokesman saying. My family and I are devastated and in deep shock by the tragic loss of ', "subject but an important one teen suicide this weekend.  Marie osmond 's teenaged son took his own jumping from his high old He walked the red carpet with his adoptive mother  Marie Osmond  an eighteen year old Michael bustle was a first year ", "A serious subject but an important one teen suicide this weekend. Marie osmond's teenaged son took his own -- jumping from his high rise apartment building. In Los Angeles. Suicide is the third leading cause of death among older teenagers here in the US and -- four times more at risk than girls. Chris Conley has more. As an eight year old He walked the red carpet with his adoptive mother Marie Osmond an eighteen year old Michael bustle was a first year student. At the fashion institute of design and merchandising. When last Friday ", "You I want to carry out its humanitarian. Denigrate what an awesome thing we sign that was used to race. These under coach resigned coats as well I'll be so we you so we put an end here now where they are all going they're going to kids aware all across the country and we but the Burlington Coat", "Marie the Som And then just take a look at what happens in moments after. This but is the hardest one to tiger then you all have different rhythms got in on. And of to showed that guy anti and the fun of the time but. All right we're gonna take a commercial break we'll be right back. The audience", "I'm over here with  marie osmond . In her private life, more than her share of pain. She's written about the touch stone that's guided her up and down ", "I'm over here with marie osmond . In her private life, more than her share of pain. She's written about the touch stone that's guided her up and down. ", 'want to miss our person of it is  Marie Osmond  a new book new personal story about renewal. Our person of the week is  Marie Osmond . Was telling us all lessons about mostly sunny impossibly cheerful.  Marie Osmond  says her real life the lived in ', "coming up you won't want to miss our person of it is Marie Osmond a new book new personal story about -- And finally tonight our person of the week sometimes it's hard to remember that ", 'the Christian religion focuses on renewal. Our person of the week is Marie Osmond . Was telling us all lessons about living life we have not heard before. He was always -- mostly sunny impossibly cheerful. Marie Osmond says her real life the -- -- lived in the valleys. When you play hard for a spirit to get you through. ', 'Jewish and Mormon. And on this week of the Supreme Court hearings Marie Osmond says she hopes all of -- set aside fear and let love lead toward marriage equality. I believe -- -- civil rights. ', 'unexpected can and does happen. Like Kirstie Alley tonight. This right on the lips Bergeron had style. A few seasons back  Marie Osmond . Hit that stage of the plan. Right after her samba that was the most dramatic of the things usually somebody popping ', 'on the lips Bergeron had -- -- style. A few seasons back Marie Osmond . Hit that stage of the plan. Right after her samba that was the most dramatic of the things usually -- somebody popping ', "burn off the on average about 250. Calories an hour. Most of my that my thirty hours a week and yeah. in the wake  Marie Osmond  forty and it. 31 down about thirty I mean it really is such a huge transformation he can't even recognize and person ", "a week and yeah. -- -- -- -- -- in the wake Marie Osmond forty -- -- and it. 31 down about thirty I mean it really is such a huge transformation he can't even recognize ", "Star after star has transformed. Into. Former TV star Kirstie Alley lost a whopping thirty pounds so did pork And  Marie Osmond  to. Constantly active physically active candidate of the Jenin and he can't run on a treadmill and get the exercise ", "Kirstie Alley lost a whopping thirty pounds so did pork -- And Marie Osmond to. -- -- -- -- -- Constantly active physically active candidate of the Jenin and he can't run on a treadmill and ", "We could almost hear the collective around the world and  Marie Osmond  passed on the dancing floor. Dancing With The Stars you can hear the that's for sure right after the samba question this morning ", "We could almost hear the collective -- around the world and Marie Osmond passed on the dancing floor. Dancing With The Stars you can hear the -- that's for sure right after the samba -- ", "Kleenex box and a region. Well because we they I just finished taping  Marie Osmond  here at one point I looked up and everybody was passed. The set and went home. I don't. Think that there will be a lot of ", 'a region. Well because we -- they -- I just finished taping Marie Osmond here at one point I looked up and everybody was passed. -- -- -- -- -- The set and went home. I ', "very short skirts. They Wear. You know. Clothes that are no more revealing than others and that's okay. It's.  Marie Osmond  on Dancing With The Stars is a very devout Mormon. Wearing costumes that are completely against. That you know the ", "Clothes that are no more revealing than others and that's okay. It's. Marie Osmond on Dancing With The Stars is a very devout Mormon. Wearing costumes that are completely against. That you know the moral conduct ", "cheerleaders Wear very short skirts. They Wear you know. Clothes that are no more revealing than others and that's okay.  Marie Osmond  on Dancing With The Stars is a very devout Mormon. Wearing costumes that are completely against. The you know the ", "that are no more revealing than others and that's okay. -- -- Marie Osmond on Dancing With The Stars is a very devout Mormon. Wearing costumes that are completely against. The you know the moral conduct "]