['Secret documents belonging to private investigator Fred Otash support his most eye-popping claims.', "Collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is  Marilyn Monroe  gentlemen prefer blondes and at least one blog for first pot. Sosa's documentarian Kia Morgan covered this fifty year old home ", "Collaboration with -- Google and among today's top rising searches is Marilyn Monroe gentlemen prefer blondes and at least one blog for first pot. -- Sosa's documentarian Kia Morgan -- covered this fifty year old ", 'Some rare amateur video of  Marilyn Monroe  is about to go on the auction block in Australia. It shows are on the set of the 1959 movie some like it hot. With Tony Curtis ', 'Some rare amateur video of Marilyn Monroe is about to go on the auction block in Australia. It shows are on the set of the 1959 movie some like ', "Hollywood icon fifteen years after  Marilyn Monroe 's death tonight the photographer those few clicks and surprise  Marilyn Monroe  turning around to them that And friendship with so many came to know  Marilyn Monroe  it is time they never forgot ", "Remembering a Hollywood icon fifteen years after Marilyn Monroe's death tonight the photographer. And the photos he's never revealed. Photographer George -- -- Maryland and grow in 1954. On the sort ", "-- -- is. Leaning out the windows those few clicks and surprise Marilyn Monroe turning around to them that -- And she says -- doesn't have -- -- and with that. Strike up a long -- friendship with so many came to know Marilyn Monroe it is time they never forgot. But recent -- -- distinction. Forever changed by he's -- with Maryland. I said Marilyn. I'm ", "A lot of people would pay good money to see.  Marilyn Monroe 's chest that's just a sad reality but you wouldn't it's just the knowledge of how this is the chest of  Marilyn Monroe  mine it's true I wouldn't spend the money on its ", "A lot of people would pay good money to see. Marilyn Monroe's chest that's just a sad reality but you wouldn't think. That this is how they want to see it. The X -- ", "think it's just the knowledge of how this is the chest of Marilyn Monroe mine it's true I wouldn't spend the money on its thunder feel better about. Much -- -- -- ", "The FBI today releasing surveillance thousand kept on actors male I'm Munro for suspected ties to communism the real names of the stars acquaintances. the height of the blacklisting era. Among them an American ex pat living in Mexico who wrote the hated McCarthyism. An FBI director. The bureau", "to turn now to the instant index here on a friday night. What's trending to the weekend and the person tonight,  marilyn monroe , 50 years after her death, new classified filed just released believed marilyn and her one time husband were communists ", "a friday night. What's trending to the weekend and the person tonight, marilyn monroe , 50 years after her death, new classified filed just released believed marilyn and her one time husband were communists. What we don't ", "tested out, you got a check of okay for? Pretty much. And that fan, we use that. It's nice. It's like a  marilyn monroe  bed moment. The fan under the sheets, we like that. Under the sheets? Wow. Very breezy. And the king-sized ", "much. And that fan, we use that. It's nice. It's like a marilyn monroe bed moment. The fan under the sheets, we like that. Under the sheets? Wow. Very breezy. And the king-sized bed is coming ", "you're a woman who wants the reverse flip that color wheel upside down. Reporter: And finally, a halter. Think  marilyn monroe  in the classic white dress. Great for women who are a little bustier. By giving her a suit with a halter and deep ", 'flip that color wheel upside down. Reporter: And finally, a halter. Think marilyn monroe in the classic white dress. Great for women who are a little bustier. By giving her a suit with a halter and ', "most iconic figures to The only known photograph. A  Marilyn Monroe  and John F. Kennedy is going on display today at most famous version of happy birthday. son 1962.  Marilyn Monroe  with John F Kennedy's 45 birthday gala at Madison ", "of America's most iconic figures to -- The only known photograph. A Marilyn Monroe and John F. Kennedy is going on display today at a gallery in Los Angeles. And it's sure to feed our fascination and speculation of these two legendary figures. John Berman has our first exclusive look. It -- to -- the most famous version of happy birthday. -- son 1962. Marilyn Monroe with John F Kennedy's 45 birthday gala at Madison Square Garden. But now we -- -- a glimpse of what happened after ", "Let's take a quick look at Hollywood legend like you've never seen it before here's ABC's David York's. She was just Norma Jean back then a teenager has signed on with a modeling agency. even yet American girl next door at the very dawn of her career she signed a release saying she was 21. Though", "costumes and thousands of movie props photos and posters. This summer she auctioned off part of her collection including  Marilyn Monroe 's ivory dress from the seven year It was purchased for five point 52 million dollars the highest amount ever paid ", "and posters. This summer she auctioned off part of her collection including Marilyn Monroe's ivory dress from the seven year -- It was purchased for five point 52 million dollars the highest amount ever paid for ", "Gentlemen this is my special addition. To introduce a woman who can and needs no introduction. I think Craig's actions on the first troops. It's true you have nothing and that the perfume. And I in England that's as sleeping nothing BI believes lab and Resume to The story describes America it's.", "Well a rare slice of Hollywood we'll soon be up for grabs featuring  Marilyn Monroe  like you have never seen before. It's behind the scenes footage from the but it's the last complete film for Monroe as well ", "a rare slice of Hollywood we'll soon be up for grabs featuring Marilyn Monroe like you have never seen -- before. It's behind the scenes footage from the -- but it's the last complete film for ", "We've all seen that movie moment  Marilyn Monroe  over the subway her billing it was considered back then and apparently still today. If you're in Chicago here's ABC's Chris ", "We've all seen that movie moment Marilyn Monroe over the subway -- her -- billing it was considered -- back then and apparently still today. If you're in Chicago here's ", "and some snapshots of Hollywood's golden age back in the spotlight this evening. Photographer Claus collection  Marilyn Monroe  onstage entertaining the troops in Korea it was this image after James Dean caught Natalie Wood in between shoots ", 'golden age back in the spotlight this evening. Photographer -- Claus collection Marilyn Monroe onstage entertaining the troops in Korea it was this image after James Dean caught -- -- -- Natalie Wood in between shoots. ']