['Twilight" actress Ashley Greene kicked off the day\'s events, while "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit\'s"  Mariska Hargitay  and "Project Runway\'s" Tim Gunn played roles later on. Greene spoke at a Senate briefing about findings of a recent ', 'Seventeen magazine. The new symbol has been embraced by celebrities including "Twilight" Actress Ashley Greene and  Mariska Hargitay  of television\'s "Law and Order SVU," who is president and founder of the Joyful Heart Foundation. Others include ', "You don't see too many female crime investigators in the movies but two women make our list with those TV roles:  Mariska Hargitay  and Marg Helgenberger. The pair tie for third place with Marcia Cross. Each of the three women earned an estimated ", 'Margulies Kathy Bates, "Harry\'s Law"; Connie Britton, "Friday Night Lights"; Mireille Enos, "The Killing";  Mariska Hargitay , "Law & Order: SVU"; Julianna Margulies, "The Good Wife"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" The perennial favorite ', 'Margulies Kathy Bates, "Harry\'s Law"; Connie Britton, "Friday Night Lights"; Mireille Enos, "The Killing";  Mariska Hargitay , "Law & Order: SVU"; Julianna Margulies, "The Good Wife"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" The perennial favorite ', 'financial services industry for almost 30 years. He dabbled in acting, sharing the screen with Glenn Close and  Mariska Hargitay , and he is a tournament chess player. He attended Bronx Community College and the John Jay College of Criminal ', 'Michael C. Hall, Dexter Jon Hamm, Mad Men Hugh Laurie, House Female Actor, Drama Series Glenn Close, Damages  Mariska Hargitay , Law & Order: SVU Julianna Marguiles, The Good Wife Elisabeth Moss, Mad Men Kyra Sedgwick, The Closer Male Actor ', "after November vote http://bit.ly/dfVBa4 @ WestWingReport : Before moving on, one for all you fashionistas:  Mariska Hargitay 's shoes yesterday. (Photo/WWR) http://twitpic.com/31kk7v NOTED SPEND ELECTION ", 'Costner was on the Hill Wednesday to lobby Congress for an $895 million Gulf oil spill relief bill, and actress  Mariska Hargitay  , who plays a sex crimes detective on "Law & Order," testified about rape prevention in May.', 'Costner was on the Hill Wednesday to lobby Congress for an $895 million Gulf oil spill relief bill, and Actress  Mariska Hargitay  , who plays a sex crimes detective on "Law & Order," testified about rape prevention in May. UFW president Arturo ', 'Christina Hendricks, Blake Lively, Laura Linney, Rutina Wesley: Eye-Riveting Beauty Parts', 'warehouses. "I get a lot of fan mail that says I wish the detective who handled my case was like you," said actress  Mariska Hargitay , whose character on "Law & Order" takes on horrific sex crimes. Hargitay, who has become an advocate for victims ', 'moves on the models who appear on "Deal."  Mariska Hargitay  Earlier this year,  Mariska Hargitay  suffered a mysterious lung collapse. In complained of breathing problems on the set. " Mariska Hargitay  went to the hospital this morning after ', "breaking my arm. Reporter: Nothing foiled the actor's mood at saturday's star-studded affair. With ak resz  mariska hargitay  and woody allen in aten answer the. Thomas wore a silk gown with cap sleeves. Up until the day of the wedding ", "Nothing foiled the actor's mood at saturday's star-studded affair. With ak resz mariska hargitay and woody allen in aten answer the. Thomas wore a silk gown with cap sleeves. Up until the day of the wedding, ", 'closer Glenn Close of damages Connie Britton of Friday Night Lights again. Julianna Margulies of the good wife.  Mariska Hargitay  and law and order special victims unit and January Jones of mad men. She keeps getting nominated yet all these apps ', 'Britton of Friday Night Lights again. Julianna Margulies of the good wife. Mariska Hargitay and law and order special victims unit and January Jones of mad men. She keeps getting nominated yet -- -- all these ', 'The nominations for lead actress in a drama series are. Glenn Close damages. Sally Field Brothers and sisters.  Mariska Hargitay  tape law and order special victims unit. Holly Hunter saving grace. And Sedgwick the closer. Then nominees for ', 'a drama series are. Glenn Close damages. Sally Field Brothers and sisters. Mariska Hargitay tape law and order special victims unit. Holly Hunter saving grace. And -- Sedgwick the closer. Then nominees for lead actor and ', 'And out at number four and number five we have someone from the since and law and order tell us about that. Right  Mariska Hargitay  from law and order special victims unit makes 400000 dollars an episode is the highest paid actress on TV. Again ', 'the since -- and law and order tell us about that. Right Mariska Hargitay from law and order special victims unit makes 400000 dollars an episode is the highest paid actress on TV. Again she could ', "better equipped to be. Elizabeth Edwards look at her son Jack at age fifty but most of all. She's great Madonna.  Mariska Hargitay  Christie Brinkley all had babies over the age of forty there. And the sixty year old mom told me that she's more ", "at age fifty but most of all. She's -- great -- Madonna. Mariska Hargitay Christie Brinkley -- -- all had babies over the age of forty there. And the sixty year old mom told me that "]