['Melissa Joan Hart  has literally grown up on television first as the star of Clarissa costar on the ABC family show Melissa and we are so happy to have  Melissa Joan Hart  here on the today with the greatest thing in the morning if you are ', "Melissa Joan Hart has literally grown up on television first as the star of Clarissa explains it all -- on Sabrina the teenage -- Now these days she's costar on the ABC family show Melissa and -- we are so happy to have Melissa Joan Hart here on the -- today with the greatest thing in the morning -- if you are entering the I don't grant act ", "Nickelodeon series Clarissa explains it But today  Melissa Joan Hart  joins us all grown up but she's still doing some It's on motherhood. Is so pleased to be joined by  Melissa Joan Hart  today from our New York him. Thanks so much for joining ", "adolescents in her hit Nickelodeon series Clarissa explains it -- But today Melissa Joan Hart joins us all grown up but she's still doing some explaining only this time. It's on motherhood. Is so pleased to be joined by Melissa Joan Hart today from our New York -- him. Thanks so much for joining us absolutely no -- tell us what you been up ", 'Joey is a new comedy series on ABC family starring  Melissa Joan Hart  and Joey Lawrence Melissa plays a former wild child appreciate you taking the time to talk to us about it  Melissa Joan Hart  and Joey Lawrence thanks so much. Thanks so much ', "Lisette and Joey is a new comedy series on ABC family starring Melissa Joan Hart and Joey Lawrence Melissa plays a former wild child of a political family that's -- entering the political arena herself. Joey plays ", 'we appreciate you taking the time to talk to us about it Melissa Joan Hart and Joey Lawrence thanks so much. Thanks so much you can -- got the premiere of Melissa and Joey tomorrow night August ', 'Melissa Joan Hart  and Mario Lopez talk about their film, "Holiday in Handcuffs."', "suppers. Plus -- we're crashing sabrina's crib -- this is where the magic happens. Announcer: As the lovable  melissa joan hart  lets us in on her secret chicken recipe. Let's get the chicken and let's do our dipping! Announcer: And it's ", "crib -- this is where the magic happens. Announcer: As the lovable melissa joan hart lets us in on her secret chicken recipe. Let's get the chicken and "]