['President Lyndon B. Johnson and Patsy Mink in 1966. Mink was an author of Title IX, which bans sex discrimination in schools. ', '"I was asked to remove my name from the ballot," Mink said. "A teacher told me that it was more appropriate for a boy to be president."', 'Today, the independent scholar who taught for 30 years in higher education sees how Title IX - the education act that prohibited gender discrimination in federally funded institutions - has influenced her life.', '"I directly witnessed the struggle to win and implement Title IX and have been directly involved in its enforcement at the university level," she said.', 'A woman who went to graduate school and worked in academia, she has a professional connection to the legislation that was signed 40 years ago.', 'Her mother, U.S. Rep. Patsy Takemoto Mink, had had her own share of experiences that made her an advocate for equity in educational opportunities.', 'The elder Mink was rejected by more than a dozen medical schools in the 1940s because she was a woman.', '"It was the most devastating disappointment of my life," she recalled in the documentary Patsy Mink: Ahead of the Majority. "That I could have spent my whole educational experience, you know, geared toward one thing and then have all the schools I wrote say \'no, can\'t have you.\'"', "There she served 24 years and co-authored Title IX, the women's educational equity act, the legislation that became her legacy.", 'Title IX is 37 words, but 40 years later it has made innumerable changes to American education.', 'The law impacted education opportunity: Women now earn more undergraduate degrees than men.', 'It impacted athletics. In 1972, 30,000 women participated in high school sports. Now more than 3 million do.', 'It even influenced educational environments. The law has been used in litigation for sexual harassment and violence allegations in schools.', 'As legislators when to vote on this change in Title IX, Congresswoman Mink got a call.', 'Later, there was a re-vote, and the amendment, as it is enacted today, passed, setting into motion a law that marks 40 years Saturday.', 'In 2002, when Mink died, Title IX was renamed the Patsy Mink Equal Opportunity in Education Act.', '"I never had in my dreams and expectation...that it would change entirely the notion of careers for women," Patsy Mink said in Ahead of the Majority.', '"Her hope was that the next generation would not endure the same obstacles that she had to encounter, " Wendy Mink said.', 'CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service.', 'Black in America   Educator and parent guide to Black in AmericaMeet the NewMe entrepreneursSee all Black in America storiesSee Latino in America: Courting their Vote, on CNN.', 'Categories2012 Election Age Asian in America Black in America Community Discrimination Economy Education Engage Ethnicity Family Gender Health History How we live How we look Immigration Latino in America Politics Pop culture Race Relationships Religion Sexual orientation Social justice Sports What we think Where we live Who we are Women iReport  1940s census data is now available online. What can you find out about your family or home?Cultural Census: Eat dinnerCultural Census: How do you get around?Cultural Census: Read aloud, share your accentCultural Census: Self-portraitsCultural Census: Write this down']