['of notorious mobster Frank Smith. (This is the same role played by Sally Struthers in 2002.) 4.  Meredith Vieira  In 2002,  Meredith Vieira , then the host of "The View," played the madam of an upscale prostitution ring. "A lot of the stunt ', 'Lauer disagreed with the decision to demote Curry and was a "supporter" of hers. Before Curry was tapped to replace  Meredith Vieira  as co-anchor in 2011, The Daily Beast reported, Lauer and his former "Today" colleague Katie Couric pitched ', 'documentaries and host her own show on Winfrey\'s network OWN. She gave birth to daughter Jett Ling Song on March 8.  Meredith Vieira  One of the original co-hosts, Vieira, who came from "60 Minutes" and ABC\'s "Turning Point," served as the ', '"What Would You Do?" Featuring "Millionaire" Host Meredith Vieira  Airs Friday, October 19, 9PM', 'scenario with "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire" host  Meredith Vieira . Using hidden cameras, "What Would You Do?" establishes cheaters before they go on to try and win it all?  Meredith Vieira  , the Emmy-award winning host of "Who Wants To Be ', 'of crimes against humanity and was sentenced to death. Famous Birthdays 1865 Rudyard Kipling 1945 Davy Jones 1953  Meredith Vieira  1959 Tracey Ullman 1961 Sean Hannity 1975 Tiger Woods 1978 Tyrese 1980 Eliza Dushku 1982 Kristin Kreuk 1984 LeBron ', 'at the "CBS Evening News" and launch a syndicated talk show in 2012. On Tuesday, TV Guide broke the news that  Meredith Vieira  is considering leaving the "Today" show when her reported $11 million annual contract expires in September. On ', 'Millionaire" contestant named Adrianne a cool $25,000. And that\'s just the start. Terry, introduced by host  Meredith Vieira  as a "very smart man," will sit in as the "Ask the Expert" lifeline all week on the popular game show. Judging ', 'Roker defended his own behavior Tuesday on "Today." "Was that an attack? I don\'t think so," he told co-host  Meredith Vieira . "I believe I asked what a lot of people wanted to know." He also laughed off Spencer\'s remark that he would ', 'everyone talking at one time." More Heated Debates to Come? Known for jump-starting the careers of past panelists  Meredith Vieira  and Lisa Ling, "The View" has played host to a rotating cast of characters since the departure of O\'Donnell and ', 'pointed out, scarcely three minutes after McCain said he opposed the AIG bailout last week, "in an interview with  Meredith Vieira , Joe Biden, your running mate was asked the exact same question: \'should the federal government bail out AIG ', 'pointed out, scarcely three minutes after McCain said he opposed the AIG bailout last week, "in an interview with  Meredith Vieira , Joe Biden, your running mate was asked the exact same question, \'should the federal government bailout AIG ', 'insurance giant AIG. "I don\'t think they should be bailed out by the federal government," Biden said Tuesday to  Meredith Vieira  on NBC\'s "Today" show. "I\'ll tell you what we should do. We should try to correct the problems that caused this ', "We talked about the fact that immediate  Meredith Vieira  would be departing up. The Today Show and I can't months left on his contract and according to sources at  Meredith Vieira  could be leaving in September when her. Contract ", "We talked about the fact that immediate Meredith Vieira would be departing up. The Today Show and I can't figure out if it's just people TV they care about that's our the world at large really cares about them but we -- have an update that we want to fill you in on. As it's speculative a lot of people are saying this is very speculative but now we're hearing -- May be Matt Lauer could be departing as well which -- -- -- -- Alan Willard -- right. They're -- they don't know what we've of that bad record Matt Lauer has when you're eight months left on his contract and according to sources at Meredith Vieira could be leaving in September when her. Contract is expired so -- who would take over at the big question. ", "Matt Lauer's co-host departs the show a year after she replaced  Meredith Vieira .", "punches Gary Williams con man named Hannibal. Stand on the threshold of started walking over nearly 500 dollars.  Meredith Vieira  that hosted the view that played the madam of an upscale prostitution ring and he didn't just work for me. Grocery ", "Hannibal. Stand on the threshold of started walking over nearly 500 dollars. Meredith Vieira that -- hosted the view that played the madam of an upscale prostitution ring and he didn't just work for me. Grocery ", 'the larger picture that she makes though and that she has tried to make. Is that actually said very specifically to  Meredith Vieira  on The Today Show that we have gotten away from some traditional. West that the traditional western approach to parenting ', 'to make. Is that -- -- -- actually said very specifically to Meredith Vieira on The Today Show that we have gotten away from some traditional. West that the traditional western approach to parenting and she ', "Number five a bad number for us. Number four at  Meredith Vieira . Now she was tearing up and her final days on the to people ever miss Vieira when they're sir John  Meredith Vieira . They certainly do an in her as we count the many ", "whatever. Number five -- a bad number for us. Number four at Meredith Vieira . Now she was tearing up and her final days on the show as she began to proceed to leave to join The Today Show to -- Katie -- she used. But we also heard some online gossip that and Meredith had referred to her old -- on the view as a joke. We didn't believe that and it turned out Meredith that her words were taken out of context -- don't -- she does not think the view is a joke now. All right thank goodness for that let me ask it to people ever miss -- Vieira when they're -- -- -- sir John Meredith Vieira . They certainly do an in her -- as we count the many other spellings of the year the ER a V all ", "to seven boast about you just a little bit here Emmy award winning producer father of three. Author. Husband of  Meredith Vieira  I I'm exhausted just thinking about all the things you do and you yourself live with a chronic illness. Which is ", "bit here Emmy award winning producer father of three. Author. Husband of Meredith Vieira I -- I'm exhausted just thinking about all the things you do and you yourself live with a chronic illness. Which is ", "regret. I don't regret and I mean you a question about and in bringing up that's I was on one of the shows with  Meredith Vieira  on The Today Show. And first two or three questions is about Rosie. And that she said why do you keep talking about ", "bringing up -- that's I was on one of the shows with Meredith Vieira on The Today Show. And -- first two or three questions is about Rosie. And that she said why do you keep "]