['This is a rush transcript from "The O\'Reilly Factor," May 16, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.Watch "The O\'Reilly Factor" weeknights at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET and listen to the "Radio Factor!"E.D. HILL, GUEST HOST: Time for the "Factor TV Icon" of the week. It\'s a classic. Several years ago, Bill interviewed the actress whose portrayal of a perfect mom in "Leave It to Beaver" made June Cleaver an iconic character in American culture.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BILL O\'REILLY, HOST: When you guys are shooting that show, did you know it was going to become this American icon classic?BARBARA BILLINGSLEY, ACTRESS, JUNE CLEAVER, "LEAVE IT TO BEAVER": No way.O\'REILLY: There were three programs in the \'50s that really dominated: "Father Knows Best," "Ozzie and Harriet" and "Leave It to Beaver." And what they all had was this Americana, this, you know, Norman Rockwell feel about it. Did you realize that was going on?BILLINGSLEY: I just wish that we could have more families l...', 'The open border people strike back. That is the subject of this evening\'s "Talking Points Memo."Homeland Security has launched raids in Los Angeles and the New York ...', "I've been reluctant to weigh in on the Mommy Wars, since I'm of that generation of trailblazers that didn't dwell on the career/family/fulfillment balance.We were li...", 'Comedian Bill Engvall on his campaign with Allstate promoting motorcycle awareness month and his life on the Blue Collar Comedy Tour.', "Parents of Children on TLC's 'Toddlers in Tiaras' Hurting Their Kids, Critics Say", 'In a post-JonBenet Ramsey world, the very concept of incredibly young girls strutting around a stage in swimsuits and gowns with synthetic hair extensions and fake e...', 'When Margie and Stephen Zumbrun were battling the urge to have premarital sex, a pastor counseled them to control themselves. The couple signed a purity covenant.The...', 'The devastation this past week in Japan is heart-breaking. The loss of life, homes, businesses and its effect on the economy will be felt for a long time. And then t...', 'LOS ANGELES -- Even decades after the show ended, Barbara Billingsley expressed surprise at the lasting affection people had for "Leave it to Beaver" and her role as...', 'Frank Bank, who played oafish troublemaker Lumpy on the sitcom "Leave It to Beaver," has died. He was 71.A spokesman for the Hillside Memorial Park in Los Angeles sa...', "Tom Bosley, the actor who played mild-mannered hardware store owner Howard Cunningham on the classic sitcom 'Happy Days,' died on Tuesday, his agent confirmed.Bosley...", 'It was a sad day for "Happy Days" fans this week, as children of the \'60s, \'70s, and \'80s lost a surrogate parent.Tom Bosley, who played kindly TV dad Howard Cunning...']