['last night and it produced a storm of activity. The most tweeted tv movie of the year so far, including a few from  mia farrow  with a cry, oh, my god, oh, my gad, shark nad doe. And the pope francis. Driving cars like these. That is a mercedes ', 'tweeted tv movie of the year so far, including a few from mia farrow with a cry, oh, my god, oh, my gad, shark nad doe. And the pope francis. Driving cars like these. That is ', 'Late night TV and Michelle well of the Stanley years ago  Mia Farrow  and Woody Allen kind of fell in love with his adopted daughters who listens to me. We now the biological sons of  Mia Farrow  Woody Allen Child prodigy started college age eleven ', 'Late night TV and Michelle well -- of the Stanley years ago Mia Farrow and Woody Allen -- -- kind of fell in love with his adopted daughters who listens to me. We -- now the biological sons of Mia Farrow Woody Allen -- -- Child prodigy started college age eleven graduating Yale Law School aged when he wanted now has been awarded ', 'have had a long history of adoption everyone from Nicole Kidman adopted two children with ex husband Tom Cruise. To  Mia Farrow  who adopted eleven children throughout her life six of them adopted as and we would surely solve it the best for the ', 'Nicole Kidman -- adopted two children with ex husband Tom Cruise. To Mia Farrow who adopted eleven children throughout her life six of them adopted as -- -- and we would surely solve it the best ', "sounds nothing like that ship. She is cool actress Maureen O'Sullivan AK eight used to call that bastard. Her daughter  Mia Farrow  were called in a tweet. So maybe it's for the that this guy is not really in Miami.", "Maureen O'Sullivan AK eight -- used to call that bastard. Her daughter Mia Farrow were called in a tweet. So maybe it's for the -- that this guy is not really -- -- -- -- in ", 'Mia Farrow  is still on the sand being cross examined Miami Campbell as you mentioned testified last week that all hinges on exactly what was ', 'Mia Farrow is still on the sand being cross examined Miami Campbell as you mentioned testified last week that all -- hinges on exactly ', 'Campbell testified that she received only some quote dirty looking stones after meeting to 1997. sent Today actress  Mia Farrow  contradicted that story. Naomi Campbell say the diamond came from. Now Campbell said they came from trounced him ', 'after meeting to -- 1997. -- -- sent -- -- Today actress Mia Farrow contradicted that story. -- -- Naomi Campbell say the diamond came from. Now -- Campbell said they came from trounced him. He ', 'does the names of Naomi Campbell and  Mia Farrow  a rise in all this Brian Ross looks Actress and human rights activist  Mia Farrow  says it happened in 1997. In South at one of our camp. Despite that  Mia Farrow  says she stands behind her version ', 'fund the murders. So how does the names of Naomi Campbell and Mia Farrow a rise in all this Brian Ross looks into the strange story. Yeah I would not yeah prosecutors describe Charles Taylor Reza ', 'diamond in the middle of the night. Actress and human rights activist Mia Farrow says it happened in 1997. In South Africa. Following an evening at the home of Nelson Mandela attended by Taylor seen here ', "and and took a swing at one of our camp. Despite that Mia Farrow says she stands behind her version of events surrounding Campbell and the alleged blood diamond gift. Taylor's trial which has been underway ", 'does the names of Naomi Campbell and  Mia Farrow  a rise in all this Brian Ross looks Actress and human rights activist  Mia Farrow  says it happened in 1997. In South swing at one of art camp despite that  Mia Farrow  says she stands behind her version ', 'fund the murders. So how does the names of Naomi Campbell and Mia Farrow a rise in all this Brian Ross looks into the strange story. Yeah I would not yeah prosecutors describe Charles Taylor as ', 'diamond in the middle of the night. Actress and human rights activist Mia Farrow says it happened in 1997. In South Africa. Following an evening at the home of Nelson Mandela attended by Taylor seen here ', "then took a swing at one of art camp -- despite that Mia Farrow says she stands behind her version of events surrounding Campbell and the alleged blood diamond gift. Taylor's trial which has been underway ", 'does the names of Naomi Campbell and  Mia Farrow  a rise in all this Brian Ross looks Actress and human rights activist  Mia Farrow  says it happened in 1997. In South swing at one of art camp despite that  Mia Farrow  says she stands behind her version ', 'fund the murders. So how does the names of Naomi Campbell and Mia Farrow a rise in all this Brian Ross looks into the strange story. Yeah I would not yeah prosecutors describe Charles Taylor as ', 'diamond in the middle of the night. Actress and human rights activist Mia Farrow says it happened in 1997. In South Africa. Following an evening at the home of Nelson Mandela attended by Taylor seen here ', "then took a swing at one of art camp -- despite that Mia Farrow says she stands behind her version of events surrounding Campbell and the alleged blood diamond gift. Taylor's trial which has been underway ", "African weapons. With the rebels for so called blood diamonds. Today Campbell was in court partly due to a movie star  Mia Farrow  told ABC's Brian Ross a couple of months ago she said that dinner at Nelson Mandela's house in 1997. Taylor gave ", "diamonds. Today Campbell was in court partly due to a movie star Mia Farrow told ABC's Brian Ross a couple of months ago she said that -- dinner at Nelson Mandela's house in 1997. Taylor gave ", "African weapons. With the rebels for so called blood diamonds. Today Campbell was in court partly due to a movie star  Mia Farrow  told ABC's Brian Ross a couple of months ago she said that dinner at Nelson Mandela's house in 1997. Taylor gave ", "diamonds. Today Campbell was in court partly due to a movie star Mia Farrow told ABC's Brian Ross a couple of months ago she said that -- dinner at Nelson Mandela's house in 1997. Taylor gave ", 'and Someone and said it would damage that would have guessed right away But witnesses including actress and activist  Mia Farrow  have given much different testimony. Ferrell was there the next morning and says Campbell knew exactly what she had ', 'right away -- -- -- -- But witnesses including actress and activist Mia Farrow have given much different testimony. Ferrell was there the next morning and says Campbell knew exactly what she had. She said -- ', "African weapons. With the rebels for so called blood diamonds. Today Campbell was in court partly due to a movie star  Mia Farrow  told ABC's Brian Ross a couple of months ago she said that dinner at Nelson Mandela's house in 1997. Taylor gave ", "diamonds. Today Campbell was in court partly due to a movie star Mia Farrow told ABC's Brian Ross a couple of months ago she said that -- dinner at Nelson Mandela's house in 1997. Taylor gave ", 'that she received only some quote dirty looking stones after meeting to 1997. In Michigan no against. Today actress  Mia Farrow  contradicted that story. did Naomi Campbell say the diamond came from. Now Campbell said they came from team. He on ', 'after meeting to -- 1997. In Michigan no -- against. Today actress Mia Farrow contradicted that story. -- did Naomi Campbell say the diamond came from. Now -- Campbell said they came from -- team. He ', "Simon I'm Easter eggs in diamonds in times it's it's shiny up seen. But others including activist and actress  Mia Farrow  have told ABC news a very different version of the events Ferrell was with Campbell at the Mandela home. And says she ", "it's shiny -- -- up seen. But others including activist and actress Mia Farrow have told ABC news a very different version of the events Ferrell was with Campbell at the Mandela home. And says she ", "used to seeing diamonds and just in time it's it's it's shiny up seen. But others including activist and actress  Mia Farrow  have told ABC news a very different version of the events Ferrell was with Campbell at the Mandela home. And says she ", "it's shiny -- -- up seen. But others including activist and actress Mia Farrow have told ABC news a very different version of the events Ferrell was with Campbell at the Mandela home. And says she ", "first big celebrities to go short and did she helped make short hair. Well it's sort of like you know the return of  Mia Farrow  and Allen Venus are how we get one of those stars who has the nerve to cut there are often not. She's just did so ", "short hair. Well it's sort of like you know the return of Mia Farrow and Allen Venus are how we get one of those stars who has the nerve to cut there are often not. She's "]