['Israeli film officials say Israeli-American actress  Natalie Portman  will direct her first feature film, based on an autobiographical novel by celebrated Israeli writer Amos Oz. Yoram Honig of the ', 'in the indie Western "Jane Got A Gun," opposite  Natalie Portman . In the movie McGregor, 42, will play the villainous leader of an outlaw gang that is out to kill  Natalie Portman \'s husband and take her land. The movie, which ', 'all the interviews they had at different time periods when they were doing promotion for the projects."  Natalie Portman  When  Natalie Portman  dropped more than a dozen pounds to play a ballerina in her Oscar-winning movie "Black Swan," even ', 'already know and love is like a dream come true," said Young in a statement. Young\'s celebrity clients include  Natalie Portman , Michelle Williams and Rachel Weisz. She consults for designers Jason Wu and Derek Lam and was named the most powerful ', 'Best picture: "The King\'s Speech" Best actress:  Natalie Portman , "Black Swan" Best actor: Colin Firth, "The The Social Network" Best actress (drama):  Natalie Portman , "Black Swan" Best actor (drama): Colin Firth ', 'but I also feel like the time has come," Pitt told People in November. "The time is nigh."  Natalie Portman  and Benjamin Millepied  Natalie Portman  announced her pregnancy and engagement to Benjamin Millepied all at the same time, in December ', 'also earned him the cred to make his directorial debut in 2004 with the indie "Garden State," starring opposite  Natalie Portman . Braff shot the film in his home state of New Jersey. The movie, which grossed $35 million at the box office ', 'Victoria\'s Secret Fashion Show: Models Rock Lingerie on the Runway Bowers also spent a year training actress  Natalie Portman  to prepare her for her role in the film "Black Swan." Bowers says the average client does just three hours of her ', 'more of that, in box office smashes like the "Twilight" series and critically acclaimed fare like "Coraline."  Natalie Portman  Long before she won a best actress Oscar, Portman played a gun-toting, cigarette-smoking, hit-man-loving ', 'dinner\'...I was trying to get my body to look fit and strong-not thin and underfed." Fellow "It" girls  Natalie Portman  and Mila Kunis got slim for their ballet movie "Black Swan," and Anne Hathaway has described her "crazy" workout ', 'fair. That\'s actually a really weird [photo] ." Stewart acknowledged the inspiration behind the costume was  Natalie Portman \'s character in the movie "Closer," while Pattinson admitted a less-specific inspiration. "That\'s not me ', 'granddaughter, perhaps? And I can\'t help but notice that the star of \'Revenge,\' Emily VanCamp, does look a bit like  Natalie Portman ." Pablo Hidalgo , who writes a blog for the official "Star Wars" website "My first thought went to that 1990 ', "A Christian Dior mascara ad featuring actress  Natalie Portman  has been banned in England after rival makeup company L'Oreal complained that the magazine ad was misleading and exaggerated ", "Natalie Portman  is the other one. The Black expecting a baby with her fiance choreographer Benjamin. She's also playing stepmother in the new ", "Natalie Portman is the other one. The Black -- -- expecting a baby with her fiance choreographer Benjamin. She's also playing -- -- stepmother ", "Can you really get your lashes to look like  natalie portman 's in her christian dior ad? The ad is now banned But can mascara really do this? This ad featuring  natalie portman  and her lush lashes is at the center of a battle between ", "Can you really get your lashes to look like natalie portman's in her christian dior ad? The ad is now banned in some places, under fire for allegedly misleading consumers. Abc's paula faris has the story. Reporter: It supposed to lengthen, thicken and valiumize. Morphing eyes from this, to this. But can mascara really do this? This ad featuring natalie portman and her lush lashes is at the center of a battle between two of the largest beauty companies. This christian dee yarr ", 'Gordon Rihanna by bringing  Natalie Portman  into this debate if He has enraged president. Seven months pregnant  Natalie Portman  was assisted up the steps her statement Huckabee did praise  Natalie Portman  is acting ability but He stuck ', 'in Washington with that story good morning Davis. Gordon Rihanna by bringing Natalie Portman into this debate if He has enraged feminists and political analysts are now wondering whether Huckabee has taken a step or -- step. Toward running for president. Seven months pregnant Natalie Portman was assisted up the -- steps -- her fiance to accept the best actress Oscar. Acknowledging that coming birth of their child. ', 'about being a central -- area. In his statement Huckabee did praise Natalie Portman is acting ability but He stuck to his guns saying that we should -- Hollywood should not glorify. Unwed mothers now we did ask Natalie Portman for a statement and she did not respond. ', 'It was a white wedding for  natalie portman  over the weekend. She tied the knot with her dancer-choreographer beau who she met on the setting of "black swan." The setting ', 'It was a white wedding for natalie portman over the weekend. She tied the knot with her dancer-choreographer beau who she met on the setting of "black swan." The setting? ', "Murphy Brown anyone Mike Huckabee is picking up quite.  Natalie Portman  of all people the Oscar winner take a listen to this radio interview with Mike Huckabee yesterday. People  Natalie Portman . Hey look you know we're having children were not ", "Murphy Brown anyone Mike Huckabee is picking up quite. -- Natalie Portman of all people -- the Oscar winner take a listen to this from a radio interview with Mike Huckabee yesterday. People -- -- Natalie Portman . Hey look you know we're having children were not married but we're having these children are doing just fine so unfortunate that ", "other bowl then And in a minute we'll be talking to  Natalie Portman  who actually plays one of those holding girls but it's speak. Its content. OK I want to welcome  Natalie Portman  to popcorn it's great to have you here they can ", "other bowl then -- And in a minute we'll be talking to Natalie Portman who actually plays one of those holding girls but for right now let's take a peek. At the other boat and go ", "and it's speak. Its content. -- -- OK I want to welcome Natalie Portman to popcorn it's great to have you here they can be here. And you have to looking act this scene. -- a "]