['space station burned up in the atmosphere. Famous Birthdays 1953 Chaka Khan 1954 Kenneth Cole 1966 Marin Hinkle 1976  Michelle Monaghan  1976 Keri Russell 1978 Nicholle Tom 1978 David Tom 1978 Perez Hilton 1986 Steven Strait 1990 Princess Eugenie of ', 'is predictable, generic and only occasionally mildly funny. Though Dempsey has some of the funnier moments and  Michelle Monaghan  ("The Heartbreak Kid") is likable as the object of his affections, the story feels so much like a retread ', "This Week's Hot Movies and Actors: Emile Hirsch, Michelle Monahan, & Robert Downey Jr.", 'over." In the movie, Dempsey plays Tom, who realizes he\'s fallen for his best friend since college, Hannah ( Michelle Monaghan ). But just as he\'s ready to tell her, she announces her engagement to a European man she only just met. Tom ', 'Mission: Impossible III" leading lady says she told Katie Holmes, "I understand why you keep him around."  Michelle Monaghan  -- Cruise\'s leading lady in the new spy film -- says it was quite an experience sharing an on-screen kiss with ', "Now she's starring in the first blockbuster film of the season  Michelle Monaghan  plays opposite Jake Gyllenhaal. In its source cold the new time travel science fiction flick that held diversity Michelle joins ", "Now she's starring in the first blockbuster film of the season Michelle Monaghan plays opposite Jake Gyllenhaal. In its source cold the new time travel science fiction flick that held -- diversity Michelle joins us ", "yeah so this is the fancy dress lot of angry. She's proud of her dress part of being here at a they're proud of  Michelle Monaghan  she's kept OCD a secret. Until now the heat and cool like to see a flash. Of anger free. But that's your friends ", "her dress part of being here at a -- they're proud of Michelle Monaghan she's kept OCD a secret. Until now the heat and cool -- -- -- -- like to see a flash. Of anger ", "Who was his box. Was He pressured to fire that trooper about the underlying issue here right when mastermind and  Michelle Monaghan  has said. The governor never asked to fire the governor's husband never asked you to fire and we never did I never ", "that trooper about the underlying issue here right when -- mastermind and Michelle Monaghan has said. The governor never asked -- to fire -- the governor's husband never asked you to fire and we never did "]