["Superstars celine dion and also,  nicole kidman , showing more than we've ever seen before, in two their bod for the magazine. 45-year-old actress,  nicole kidman , appears in a series of suggestive photos. Even wearing ", 'not the only celebrity bearing their bod for the magazine. 45-year-old actress, nicole kidman , appears in a series of suggestive photos. Even wearing a bootee-baring skirt on the cover. Everybody was excited. We all went for ', 'us weekly that she actually had a this whole time and  Nicole Kidman . The F five C love second wife of Tom Craig. And apparently that whole settlement in a worst filed for divorce from  Nicole Kidman  does it out alive a wall during that conversation between ', "us weekly that she actually had a -- this whole time and Nicole Kidman . The F five C love second wife of Tom Craig. And apparently. They've spoken over the last few weeks they actually have ", "and that whole settlement in a worst -- filed for divorce from Nicole Kidman does it out alive a wall during that conversation between -- -- She's been -- good friend very private friend according to ", 'red carpet" rachel 13 rachel smith is here in new york P. Pop time. Here we go. We\'re getting our first look at  nicole kidman  as grace kelly. She truly looks like royalty. Kidman is stunning as the actress-turned princess, grace of monaco ', "P. Pop time. Here we go. We're getting our first look at nicole kidman as grace kelly. She truly looks like royalty. Kidman is stunning as the actress-turned princess, grace of monaco. It's certainly a far ", "Welcome to do is getting everybody and  Nicole Kidman  for the first time about her marriage and subsequent depression after her divorce the tigress she spoke to Australia's who magazine ", "Welcome to do is getting everybody and Nicole Kidman -- for the first time about her marriage and subsequent depression after her divorce the tigress she spoke to Australia's who magazine ", "where we always end this year. With me asking everyone here. seeing some little bit of a song oh come on I don't wanna hear no wait that it I think but if it would all do it the dated this morning I want to. People back me up here. Now it's true mission yes everybody's agreeing with me it's not", 'Nicole Kidman  and Keith Urban had a certain glow about them all good reason for the actually had new kids they have asserted and the baby was ', 'Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban had a certain glow about them -- all good reason for the actually had new kids they have asserted ', 'She won an Oscar for her brilliant role as Virginia Woolf in the hours now critics say  Nicole Kidman . May be headed for nomination for her latest movie. Rabbit hole she pays say a mother grieving the accidental death of her young ', 'her brilliant role as Virginia Woolf in the hours now critics say Nicole Kidman . May be headed for nomination for her latest movie. Rabbit hole she pays say a mother grieving the accidental death of her ', "The  Nicole Kidman  is winding and looks like it's out of control from the very beginning but that's just part of it's not until the camera up ", "The -- Nicole Kidman is winding and looks like it's out of control from the very beginning but that's just part of it's not until the ", 'Acclaimed actress  Nicole Kidman  she is the Academy Award winner for her performance as Virginia Woolf in the hours and she stunned everyone in the daring Moulin ', 'Acclaimed actress Nicole Kidman she is the Academy Award winner for her performance as Virginia Woolf in the hours and she stunned everyone in the daring ', 'Not  Nicole Kidman  one of the most sought after actresses in Hollywood turning forty this year settling in turn her life with fellow New Zealand Country ', 'Not Nicole Kidman one of the most sought after actresses in Hollywood turning forty this year settling in turn her life with fellow New Zealand ', "And now  Nicole Kidman  the director for new epic Australia said that she's like sleeping beauty you feel she's just awakened from something but not ", "And now Nicole Kidman the director for new epic Australia said that she's like sleeping beauty you feel she's just awakened from something but not something ", 'review. I think he probably likes that he got booed. He thinks we accomplished something. Brad pitt at cannes,  nicole kidman . Well, if you\'re going to see a movie, "fast and furious 6." Those are always fun. I think if you\'re going ', 'he got booed. He thinks we accomplished something. Brad pitt at cannes, nicole kidman . Well, if you\'re going to see a movie, "fast and furious 6." Those are always fun. I think if you\'re going to ', 'there and elaborate embellishments across the board like  nicole kidman  in this dior, hot pink jimmy choos and for author of would do. Always. Always. Everyone looked great.  Nicole kidman , two thumbs up. The prize for that story. What happens ', 'with slits down to there and elaborate embellishments across the board like nicole kidman in this dior, hot pink jimmy choos and for author of idea decades" it was a knock out of the park. Nicolekidman ', "umbrella. Something that you gentlemen would do. Always. Always. Everyone looked great. Nicole kidman , two thumbs up. The prize for that story. What happens? You dish. I'll go. We thank you for that. Hey, robbie, you're ", "make the peace but yet didn't work out we might as. I'm gonna happen. you took Molly. and I went we we went on Iran's help to do interview Nicole yes and we went for right on the street strategy and that's LA and  Nicole Kidman .", "sound of your voice in terms of the act with a little bit of Australian yeah had a much Australia in you as there is in  Nicole Kidman . When she's just talking natural. Question to you and you can't AM new York and I don't know. I don't know ", "-- yeah had a much Australia in you as there is in Nicole Kidman . When she's just talking natural. Question to you and you can't -- -- -- AM new York and I don't know. I ", "the run and to do you interview Nicole yes and we went for right on the street traders and that's LA streets and  Nicole Kidman  video. The LA story. Through and it regularly thank you so much and Darcy. And thank you all for joining us thank ", "for right on the street traders and that's LA streets -- and Nicole Kidman video. The LA story. Through -- and it regularly thank you so much and -- -- Darcy. And thank you all for ", "Easy for you to set Strawberry can I guess it becomes  Nicole Kidman  is playing your mother Matthew is playing your uncle it was pretty easy decision and will you scenes with  Nicole Kidman  mountain there's I was gonna say love hate but. It's ", "to set -- Strawberry -- can I guess it becomes -- -- Nicole Kidman is playing your mother Matthew -- is playing your uncle -- who. We won't hear about in the news this like uncle ", "was pretty it was pretty easy decision and will you scenes with Nicole Kidman -- -- mountain there's I was gonna say love hate but. It's almost more hate hate that Callahan. So what was that "]