['back next fall." Sudeikis, who is engaged to actress  Olivia Wilde , was a writer for the NBC show for two years before joining the cast eight years ago.  Olivia Wilde  Reveals Details of Her Upcoming Wedding to Jason Sudeikis ', 'Lovelace in the biopic "Lovelace." The "Les Miserables" actress landed the role once coveted by Lindsay Lohan,  Olivia Wilde  and Kate Hudson. "I read the script and I was like, \'Wow, this is the riskiest thing that\'s happening [in Hollywood ', '"] (Jemal Countess/Getty Images)  Olivia Wilde , who is engaged to "Saturday Night Live" star Jason Sudeikis , has big ideas about her wedding - though she can\'t seem to ', 'He\'s literally having his Michael Jackson \'leave me alone\' moment." Bieber\'s bad week started Friday when actress  Olivia Wilde  took him to task for appearing without a shirt. The "Baby" singer has often appeared bare-chested in public ', 'Images There\'s a new power couple in the entertainment world: "Saturday Night Live\'s" Jason Sudeikis and actress  Olivia Wilde  are engaged. Sudeikis has been an "SNL" cast member since 2005, and Wilde is best known for her role as Thirteen ', 'Billy Crystal, Susan Sarandon, Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, Kristen Stewart, Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Diddy,  Olivia Wilde , Steve Buscemi, Chris Rock, Seth Meyers, Brian Williams and Jake Gyllenhaal. An album of select performances from ', "General Assembly in New York, so that they could get their message out to world leaders. ABC News' Katie Couric,  Olivia Wilde , Selena Gomez, Katherine McPhee came out to support various charities including UNICEF and Malaria No More and urge ", 'her boyfriend, Nate Naylor, her rep said. The couple was spotted last month on a romantic stroll in Paris. Stars  Olivia Wilde , Jon Hamm, Zach Braff and Elizabeth Banks were also cheering on the Democrats alongside Johansson and Leto at the ', 'Meryl Streep, producer Andy Cohen, designer Michael Kors, "Vogue" editor-in-chief Anna Wintour, and actress  Olivia Wilde . (Broderick was not in attendance; the president noted he "had a show to run off to.") http://abcn.ws ', 'Meryl Streep, producer Andy Cohen, designer Michael Kors, "Vogue" editor-in-chief Anna Wintour , and actress  Olivia Wilde . (Broderick was not in attendance; the president noted he "had a show to run off to.") President Obama, standing ', 'seen on actresses Hilary Duff and Evan Rachel Wood. The Thin Leather Headwrap was worn recently by Charlize Theron and  Olivia Wilde . All Jennifer Behr pieces are handmade in New York City of the finest materials. Shipping is $6.95. If you have ', "know her as thirteen for the medical drama house now  Olivia Wilde  is tackling a huge family drama. The new film people salesman who discovers he have a secret half sister  Olivia Wilde  plays his girlfriend. In the film would you don't ", "You know her as thirteen for the medical drama house now Olivia Wilde is tackling a huge family drama. The new film people like us it is the story of -- struggling salesman who discovers he have a secret half sister Olivia Wilde plays his girlfriend. In the film would you don't -- and -- -- Olivia -- here. That's a great sport because that ", 'and what\'s trending. And we begin with a power couple in the entertainment world. Actor jason sudiekis and actress  olivia wilde . Jason, a "snl" staple here with melissa McCarthy. Tonight he\'s fallen for someone else known for her role on ', 'a power couple in the entertainment world. Actor jason sudiekis and actress olivia wilde . Jason, a "snl" staple here with melissa McCarthy. Tonight he\'s fallen for someone else known for her role on "house." To another ', "have lost a brother a brother in a best friend the world has lost one of the greatest actors of all time. An actress  Olivia Wilde  treated James was that kind funny wonderful guy. I'm so lucky to have worked with him sending love to his gambling ", "has lost one of the greatest actors of all time. An actress Olivia Wilde treated James -- -- was that kind funny wonderful guy. I'm so lucky to have worked with him sending love to his ", 'very sweet, yes. And I think that\'s what drew me to it. The fact I was working with steve carell and jim carrey,  olivia wilde  and james gandolfini. Again. Again and don, the director i woith on "30 rock" so it was just -- you can\'t say ', 'it. The fact I was working with steve carell and jim carrey, olivia wilde and james gandolfini. Again. Again and don, the director i woith on "30 rock" so it was just -- you can\'t say ', "it but alan arkin was a real -- I just love him. What a perfect role for him. Well, I think he can do anything.  Olivia wilde  is great and steve buscemi and james gandolfini. Great group. Certainly is. You told us you'll start to film ", 'a perfect role for him. Well, I think he can do anything. Olivia wilde is great and steve buscemi and james gandolfini. Great group. Certainly is. You told us you\'ll start to film "anchorman" but your ', "life has always a lot of you know attention that's always and may be something happening between his change of costar  Olivia Wilde . That's right now sources tell us that He confessed to her that He had a crush on her for quite sometime so they ", "always -- and may be something happening between his change of costar Olivia Wilde . That's right now sources tell us that He confessed to her that He had a crush on her for quite sometime so ", "you know a policy Tracy Anderson that's and it is Jennifer Lopez we we talked. Traci about bats well we also have  Olivia Wilde  who always looks to me that she actually love eating out. Hopefully. Easily and getting what I Halley Berry mean she's ", "Lopez -- we we talked. Traci about bats well we also have Olivia Wilde who always looks to me that she actually love eating out. Hopefully. Easily and getting what I Halley Berry mean she's in "]