['until the 1970\'s there were only one or two "spree-killings" in the 20th century, according to  David Brooks \' estimates for The  New York Times . Still, criminologist James Alan Fox from Northeastern University has said we can\'t definitively ', 'on five dimensions: positive emotion, being lost in a task, relationships, accomplishment and meaning. Economist  David Brooks , author of "Gross National Happiness," similarly links happiness to meaning, found ultimately in unconditional love ', 'American people," said Wall Street Journal Columnist Peggy Noonan on "CBS\' Face the Nation." And  David Brooks , who writes for the  New York Times , added on NBC\'s "Meet the Press": "Mitt Romney does not have the passion for the stuff he is ', "Romney's comments tap into the core reason why he has struggled so mightily with Latino voters. As Josh Barro and  David Brooks  note, Romney's main problem has been his inability to relate to voters and convey that he truly cares about their ", 'SUPER PAC MAKES SOME INTRIGUING BETS ON ROMNEY. The  New York Times \' Sarah Wheaton reports: "Mitt Romney may have had he do more "elegant" version at RNC? @BobCusack :  David Brooks , in column titled Thurston Howell Romney, writes GOP ', 'that Pawlenty was referencing a  David Brooks  column that used that phrase AWKWARD: RUBIO QUESTIONS  NPR  FUNDING...WHILE ON  NPR : When it comes to funding for  NPR , Sen. Marco Rubio questions ', 'coming right out of the box with these old fashioned, negative ads." The 30-second ad also features the  New York Times \'  David Brooks , who mentions Obama\'s "inaccurate ads." It also features a clip from a MSNBC interview in June with Time ', 'Justice of the Supreme Court, appointed by George W. Bush, who once was conservatives\' white knight. The columnist  David Brooks  said back then that his "personality shines." Mitt Romney, appealing to conservatives in his run for president ', 'The Facebook crash: Is social media going the way of blogging? (Remember blogging?)', 'last month when he ran into a burning home to save a local resident . In a chat on the  New York Times  Opinionater blog, conservative columnist  David Brooks  wrote, "By the way I don\'t know if you saw the crawlback video Booker released later in ', "the senate to get a strong bipartisan bill. 68 votes in the senate. If you're looking for a conservative bill,  david brooks  made this argument recently, look at this bill. 197 in debt reduction in just ten years. That's something republicans ", "68 votes in the senate. If you're looking for a conservative bill, david brooks made this argument recently, look at this bill. 197 in debt reduction in just ten years. That's something republicans should support. in ", "isn't earlier this week with  David Brooks New York Times  columnist and author of the new book called the social animal  David Brooks  welcome to top line on your I'm very heartened by that  David Brooks  because if you look at my SAT ", "Nine injured it isn't -- earlier this week with David Brooks New York Times columnist and author of the new book called the social animal -- David Brooks welcome to top line on your new book has some very interesting insights in it particularly around the areas of success that ", "that kind of over him to get the job done. All right David Brooks New York Times -- the author of the new book that's called the social -- -- get a copy thanks David appreciate your country took ", 'Reform which there poems were about and also other issues  David Brooks  and Matt Dowd. Paul Krugman and Ruth thank you so much to point fingers it. I want her fellow colleagues in  New York Times  and it op Ed page. Is. Opposing the Health Care Reform ', "want to point fingers -- it. I want her fellow colleagues in New York Times and it op Ed page. Is. Opposing the Health Care Reform I'm assuming you don't think David is a member of the ", 'Arianna Huffington and  David Brooks . From the heart of story Chris Dodd and  New York Times . This morning saying always by George well.  David Brooks  of the  New York Times Becky and George Will  David Brooks  Arianna Huffington Paul ', 'Democrats. Warning you not to give away the story Chris Dodd and New York Times . This morning saying if they overstepped the line in these negotiations to like him that his fellow Democrats to bring three or ', "in the round table I am joined as always by George well. David Brooks of the New York Times Arianna Huffington and Huffington post's also the paperback edition of you can vividly -- books today and -- pregnant pigs at the trial. How corporate greed and political corruption undermining America. Nobel laureate Paul Krugman also in the New York Times in Princeton and Donna Brazil. -- axis of Georgia -- -- Johnson signed Medicare president. Clinton getting his vehicle was on health ", "around and got George well.  David Brooks  of the  New York Times  Robert the American prospect this and And in no drama Obama  David Brooks  and that's good day for journalism folks like George Will and  David Brooks  and then governance a progressive ", "about the economy here with -- around -- and got George well. David Brooks of the New York Times Robert -- the American prospect also the author of a new book called Obama's challenge and Arianna Huffington of Huffington Post welcome. ", 'George Will. Jonathan part of the Washington Post  David Brooks . And  New York Times  in our own Martha Raddatz and George clearly coming down the from what I can tell the judge  David Brooks  talked about the maverick image. Which you heard ', "I'm joined by George Will. Jonathan -- part of the Washington Post David Brooks . And New York Times in our own Martha Raddatz and George clearly. -- Sarah Palin energized Republican Convention but let me put up our poll we ", "from Washington by Thomas Friedman columnist. The  New York Times  he's also the author of the newly updated and saying. About Iraq in fact your colleague at the  New York Times David Brooks  recently wrote about Defense Secretary. Robert ", "and what they're saying. About Iraq in fact your colleague at the New York Times David Brooks recently wrote about Defense Secretary. Robert Gates he said this on Wednesday. A -- -- Brooks Brooks wrote I asked him whether "]