['and what\'s trending. And we begin with a power couple in the entertainment world. Actor jason sudiekis and actress  olivia wilde . Jason, a "snl" staple here with melissa McCarthy. Tonight he\'s fallen for someone else known for her role on ', 'a power couple in the entertainment world. Actor jason sudiekis and actress olivia wilde . Jason, a "snl" staple here with melissa McCarthy. Tonight he\'s fallen for someone else known for her role on "house." To another ', "have lost a brother a brother in a best friend the world has lost one of the greatest actors of all time. An actress  Olivia Wilde  treated James was that kind funny wonderful guy. I'm so lucky to have worked with him sending love to his gambling ", "has lost one of the greatest actors of all time. An actress Olivia Wilde treated James -- -- was that kind funny wonderful guy. I'm so lucky to have worked with him sending love to his ", 'very sweet, yes. And I think that\'s what drew me to it. The fact I was working with steve carell and jim carrey,  olivia wilde  and james gandolfini. Again. Again and don, the director i woith on "30 rock" so it was just -- you can\'t say ', 'it. The fact I was working with steve carell and jim carrey, olivia wilde and james gandolfini. Again. Again and don, the director i woith on "30 rock" so it was just -- you can\'t say ', "it but alan arkin was a real -- I just love him. What a perfect role for him. Well, I think he can do anything.  Olivia wilde  is great and steve buscemi and james gandolfini. Great group. Certainly is. You told us you'll start to film ", 'a perfect role for him. Well, I think he can do anything. Olivia wilde is great and steve buscemi and james gandolfini. Great group. Certainly is. You told us you\'ll start to film "anchorman" but your ', "life has always a lot of you know attention that's always and may be something happening between his change of costar  Olivia Wilde . That's right now sources tell us that He confessed to her that He had a crush on her for quite sometime so they ", "always -- and may be something happening between his change of costar Olivia Wilde . That's right now sources tell us that He confessed to her that He had a crush on her for quite sometime so ", "you know a policy Tracy Anderson that's and it is Jennifer Lopez we we talked. Traci about bats well we also have  Olivia Wilde  who always looks to me that she actually love eating out. Hopefully. Easily and getting what I Halley Berry mean she's ", "Lopez -- we we talked. Traci about bats well we also have Olivia Wilde who always looks to me that she actually love eating out. Hopefully. Easily and getting what I Halley Berry mean she's in ", "Obviously spent nineteen dollars and This when Iraq and for twenty dollars mean you can epidemic that absolutely.  Olivia Wilde  of the while also a very beautiful she's okay and what she's right now she's wearing the and we saw the record ", "-- -- for twenty dollars -- mean you can epidemic that absolutely. Olivia Wilde of the -- while also a very beautiful she's -- okay and what she's right now she's wearing the -- -- and ", "right. But you're recent reports about Timberlake and  Olivia Wilde  as He just being a guy. He no he's single He broke and he's having a lot of fun he's been linked to  Olivia Wilde  and his friends benefits coast are you look at and now ", "common and get along right. But you're recent reports about Timberlake and Olivia Wilde as He just being a guy. He no he's single He broke open his girlfriend just -- feel they dated for four years and he's having a lot of fun he's been linked to Olivia Wilde and his friends -- benefits coast are you look at and now of course Ashley oaks and it hadn't a lot of ", 'Craig the James Bond and Harrison. Howard showing a mean side to his all American movie persona. As well as the lovely  Olivia Wilde . When you look at this and see the title you thinking. Cowboys and you when you heard that title exhibit that movies ', 'side to his all American movie persona. As well as the lovely Olivia Wilde . When you look at this and see the title you thinking. -- -- Cowboys and you when you heard that title -- ', 'celebrities are getting involved in the mid term elections and a big way mostly through political ads. So here we have  Olivia Wilde  from house seized on an ad from move on and which she sort of envisions advanced. Sarah Palin in used in world war ', 'and a big way mostly through political ads. So here we have Olivia Wilde from house seized on an ad from move on -- -- and which she sort of envisions advanced. Sarah Palin in used ', 'celebrities are getting involved in the mid term elections and a big way mostly through political ads. So here we have  Olivia Wilde  from house seized on an ad from move on outdoor and which she sort of envisions days. Sarah war. That breaks out against ', 'and a big way mostly through political ads. So here we have Olivia Wilde from house seized on an ad from move on outdoor and which she sort of envisions days. Sarah -- -- -- war. ', "Angeles as He went in pursuit of those candid shots target celebrities and hopefully for him. They're children too.  Olivia Wilde  from house it shouldn't kids So that if us weekly pick that up what that political maybe 56 about. Maybe a little ", "shots -- target celebrities and hopefully for him. They're children too. -- Olivia Wilde from house it shouldn't kids -- So that if us weekly pick that up what that political maybe 56 -- about. Maybe ", "Angeles as He went in pursuit of those candid shots target celebrities and hopefully for him. They're children too.  Olivia Wilde  from house it shouldn't kids So that because we picked it up when the 856 about. Emulated and that if only the actress ", "shots -- target celebrities and hopefully for him. They're children too. -- Olivia Wilde from house it shouldn't kids -- So that because we picked it up when the -- 856 about. Emulated and -- that ", 'course so many of the celebrities. Were wearing these ribbons for Haiti to remind people about this horrific tragedy.  Olivia Wilde  who we just love and life and style weekly this gorgeous Gucci dress is black and silver. Number that was gorgeous ', 'wearing these ribbons for Haiti to remind people about this horrific tragedy. Olivia Wilde who we just love and life and style weekly -- -- this gorgeous Gucci dress is black and silver. Number that was ']