['expects." Logan said  Winfrey  is currently on vacation of big interviews that  Winfrey  has managed to snag since secret," said Salata, " Oprah , we\'re finding out You\'re gonna sit down with  Oprah Winfrey  and she\'s gonna help ', 'young customers to help offset the costs of older, sicker consumers. The group also included representatives for  Oprah Winfrey , Alicia Keys and Bon Jovi. Also in attendance were officials with Internet video makers YouTube and Funny or Die ', 'young customers to help offset the costs of older, sicker consumers. The group also included representatives for  Oprah Winfrey , Alicia Keys and Bon Jovi. Also in attendance were officials with internet video makers YouTube and Funny or Die ', 'young customers to help offset the costs of older, sicker consumers. The group also included representatives for  Oprah Winfrey , Alicia Keys and Bon Jovi. Also in attendance were officials with internet video makers YouTube and Funny or Die ', 'young customers to help offset the costs of older, sicker consumers. The group also included representatives for  Oprah Winfrey , Alicia Keys and Bon Jovi. Also in attendance were officials with internet video makers YouTube and Funny or Die ', "lakeside estate near Zurich. Swiss media are reporting that pop stars David Bowie, Sade and talk show impresario  Oprah Winfrey  are among the more than 120 guests invited to Sunday's Buddhist-inspired event. Zurich police spokeswoman Esther ", "an organizer of the event told The Associated Press.  Oprah  to Interview Lindsay Lindsay Lohan's first stop after getting out of rehab this summer will be  Oprah Winfrey 's couch for an interview, according to Entertainment ", 'When Lindsay Lohan gets out of rehab this summer,  Oprah Winfrey  will be waiting to talk to her.  Winfrey \'s cable channel, OWN, said Friday that  Winfrey  is getting an "exclusive" interview with Lohan that will tape and air ', 'When Lindsay Lohan gets out of rehab this summer,  Oprah Winfrey  will be waiting to talk to her.  Winfrey \'s cable channel, OWN, said Friday that  Winfrey  is getting an "exclusive" interview with Lohan that will tape and air ', 'hold a headstand for at least 10 minutes, serious yoga proficiency and having celebrities like Ellen DeGeneres and  Oprah Winfrey  on speed dial. The company "love(s) that our stores and social media teams are not afraid to spark a conversation ', 'her and treated her properly?" asked Hung Huang, a writer and publisher who has been called China\'s answer to  Oprah Winfrey  and Anna Wintour. "It makes a lot of Chinese women very happy because what we are seeing is our head of state promoting ', 'actress, and granted an interview to  Oprah Winfrey , where she revealed she had been hear them," the teenager told  Winfrey  last June . "A lot of times I being the victim of bullying to  Oprah Winfrey  . Though Paris switched from being ', 'actress, and granted an interview to  Oprah Winfrey , where she revealed she had been hear them," the teenager told  Winfrey  last June . "A lot of times I being the victim of bullying to  Oprah Winfrey  . Though Paris switched from being ', "astonishing He would have looked at  Oprah . Thirty years ago into some local avoid but they'll finder on the  Oprah Winfrey  network and of those kids come home after school and much  Oprah . I was those who didn't understand ", "her and that's going to be avoid but they'll finder on the Oprah Winfrey network and of those kids -- come home after school and -- -- -- much Oprah I was -- those -- who didn't understand and I was being -- while listening to. You know those lessons. You know. ", "many of us on the edge of our seats  Oprah Winfrey  introduced her sister to the world been to make Well. Saw an interview  Oprah 's mother and key piece everything discovered that her older sister is  Oprah . The  Oprah  so now I get now has ", 'surprise -- had many of us on the edge of our seats Oprah Winfrey introduced her -- sister to the world yesterday a sister she just found out about. Her mother gave up her up for ', "She's got a new book coming out about  Oprah . And one of the revelation is that open right. One of the revelation is that  Oprah  used to date John cash. Now you remember does. Do you read there's a little  Winfrey  running around. They kept this a secret it could be him locked in the closet of  Oprah 's mansion right now. Weird things happened ", "they're hard to ignore. She's got a new book coming out about Oprah . And one of the revelation is that open you know -- right. One of the revelation is that Oprah used to date John cash. Now you remember John cash he's not a -- Contracts. That's shot that is the -- Entertainment ", "his cards right it could be him locked in the closet of Oprah's mansion right now. Weird things happened in the seventies ally have no intention of Reading this -- it did provide us tonight ", 'most powerful celebrity in the world talk show host  Oprah Winfrey .  Oprah  we find is worth a lot of money I mean lot of money Forbes magazine annual celebrity 100 list. Number one  Oprah Winfrey  who makes 270 million dollars last year Johnny Depp ', 'recently crowned the most powerful celebrity in the world talk show host Oprah Winfrey . Oprah we find is worth a lot of money I mean -- lot of money. We are also finding these days that there ', 'the top of the Forbes magazine annual celebrity 100 list. Number one Oprah Winfrey who makes 270 million dollars last year Johnny Depp -- -- 82 million in pirate booty. Hurling stones -- 88 million mostly ', "relationship. And just said to have someone that you just like you know is so important is someone that is honest. You know I on the  Oprah  Show and I told you don't go around telling people who you're dating then I think you took that all the way I could get ", "someone that is honest. You know I -- -- -- on the Oprah Show and I told you don't go around telling people who you're dating then I think you took that all the way ", 'A milestone for  Oprah  after five years of laughter and challenges teenage girls for the woman they call mom  Oprah . Tomorrow night a triumph the first graduating class of the  Oprah Winfrey  leadership academy for girls in South ', "A milestone for Oprah after five years of laughter and challenges from teenage girls for the woman they call mom Oprah Tomorrow night a triumph the first graduating class of the Oprah Winfrey leadership academy for girls in South Africa. Will walk across the stage and 100%. Of them. Are going to college 10% of -- coming to the United States and we talk to Oprah today about their future. And hurts. Here they were when -- first saw -- five years ago a 152 girls in white ankle socks. From lives lived on dirt floors. -- houses. Girls with little future. But standing there believing in all their potential. Oprah Who tells us on average. They have suffered six trauma in fact the school will have -- grief counselor on duty. There's ", 'more than he ever has before with  oprah winfrey , about the nasty public divorce bride join us for the interview on " oprah \'s next chapter." Paula faris the accusations, sitting down with  oprah . The couple, married last year ', 'kelly grammer. He\'s opening up more than he ever has before with oprah winfrey , about the nasty public divorce with his wife, camille. He and his new bride join us for the interview on oprah\'s next chapter." Paula faris was watching. Reporter: The contentious end of their marriage played out for the world to see. On bravo\'s ']