["Cynthia McFadden Reports : It was just a year ago that  Marlo Thomas  asked me to have lunch in New York so she could discuss a subject dear to her heart: St. Jude Children's Hospital in Memphis ", "Jude is a research hospital, and to be accepted there a child must have a cancer under study, as Daniel did. Actress  Marlo Thomas  spearheads the hospital's fundraising, which produces a whopping $600 million annually, making it one of the largest ", '"That Girl,"  Marlo Thomas , has adopted the children\'s hospital her father founded. And Click HERE to find out how you can help the children of St. Jude.  Marlo Thomas : So many moms and dads come up to me and say that their child wouldn\'t ', 'Andrew Sullivan, Jon Karl, Cokie Roberts and George Will debate the week\'s politics. And our "Voice," actress  Marlo Thomas  on her "Thanks and Giving" campaign to benefit St. Jude\'s Children\'s Research Hospital.', 'any loving parent who\'s ever pondered what they should write down, just in case Radiating what actress and producer  Marlo Thomas  called "the sheer magic of his indomitable spirit," Siegel\'s "Lessons for Dylan" tells of a vital life and literally ', 'there\'s still a huge premium on women being "accommodating" and "team players" who don\'t "rock the boat." As  Marlo Thomas  once said, "A man has to be Joe McCarthy to be called ruthless. All a woman has to do is put you on hold." Or ', 'sing-along about futures where girls would be Free to Be . . . anything we wanted to be. Critics sang the praises of  Marlo Thomas \'s collection of upgraded, modern fairy tales, too. A Newsweek reviewer wrote: "Yes, persons, there is a liberating ', " For the family of actress  Marlo Thomas , the work done at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis is an important calling. Her father Danny Thomas, star ", "On the hit show Friends,  Marlo Thomas  plays the sophisticated mother of Jennifer Aniston's character Rachel, a sexy, unmarried young woman with a mind of her own ", 'see that Michael looked slightly less frightening. Jackson apparently had some locks cut, substituting his recent  Marlo Thomas  look for a more macho Bon Jovi-esque shag cut. Overall, it made him look more like a male well, a male freakazoid ']