['Amanda Seyfried, Kaley Cuoco, Miranda Cosgrove, Neil Patrick Harris, Ashley Tisdale, Gabby Douglas, Kristen Wiig,  Megan Fox  and many more. Here are the nominees in the non-music categories: Television Favorite TV Show "Good Luck Charlie ', 'obsess. All that stuff about, \'I need to go this certain way and do that,\' was an indulgence of my youth."  Megan Fox Megan Fox  may get down and dirty in her movies, but in real life she likes things clean, very clean. In 2010, the bombshell ', 'a seven-year romance before Thiessen left the series in 1998. Green married another bright-eyed brunette beauty,  Megan Fox . In addition to a memorable role as Honey DeLune opposite Tim Meadows in 2000\'s "The Ladies Man," Thiessen played ', 'series "My So-Called Life." Danes wasn\'t the only star flaunting her post-baby figure at the Golden Globes.  Megan Fox  , who gave birth to son Noah in September, also appeared svelte on the red carpet.', 'Very Hollywood. Zooey Deschanel. Credit: Steve Granitz/Getty Images. 6:22 p.m. ET: Another stunning new mom:  Megan Fox . She admitted that husband Brian Austin Green picks most of her dresses. 6:16 p.m. ET: The first surprise of Golden ', "(Michael Tran/FilmMagic/Getty Images)  Megan Fox  said she still can't get into social media in a big followers, she's decided to shut it down. RELATED:  Megan Fox  Gained 23 Pounds During Pregnancy, Has 10 Still to Lose ", 'Pete owns his own record label and Debbie owns a clothing boutique that employs  Megan Fox , or a character played by  Megan Fox . Either way, she looks like  Megan Fox , so everybody wins. Pete and Debbie also are struggling a bit with their marriage ', '(Margaret Norton/NBC) Kicking butt on movie sets might have made  Megan Fox  famous, but it didn\'t prepare her for the battleground of the delivery room. The "Transformers" and "This Is 40? actress ', 'for each year\'s Academy Awards. This year\'s nominees in film and television categories were read by Jessica Alba,  Megan Fox  and Ed Helms. And the nominees are ... Best Motion Picture, Drama "Argo" "Django Unchained" "Life of Pi" "Lincoln ', '(Photo Credit: Charles Eshelman/FilmMagic/Getty Images)  Megan Fox  has been called the "sexiest woman in the world," but she may be looking to pass on that title for now. Fox, the star of ', "New mom  Megan Fox  is getting back to her title as the World's Sexiest Woman. Just two months after giving birth to her son Noah, whose father ", 'eating habits, her personal trainer is her secret weapon. Harley Pasternak trains Simpson, along with other stars like  Megan Fox  and Jennifer Hudson. With a masters of science in exercise physiology and nutritional sciences from the University of ', "Brian Austin Green and Megan Fox : Son's Birth Overshadowed by Reese Witherspoon Baby", 'Todd Williamson/Getty Images  Megan Fox  gave birth to her first child with Brian Austin Green expecting to be able to get away with it.\'" RELATED:  Megan Fox , Brian Austin Green Welcome Baby Boy Fox announced on ', "Sorry guys  Megan Fox  is married she's that I to Brian Austin Green who rose to fame on Beverly Hills a hush hush wedding in Hawaii last week. Megan ", "Sorry guys Megan Fox is married she's that I -- to Brian Austin Green who rose to fame on Beverly Hills -- -- -- -- a ", 'interview these offers up some revealing news about costar  Megan Fox  in a cover story for. Magazine the admits He had a fling with costar  Megan Fox  on making the first two transformers movies. The says ', 'in his latest interview these offers up some revealing news about costar Megan Fox in a cover story for. Magazine the -- admits He had a fling with costar Megan Fox on making the first two transformers movies. The -- says the offscreen relationship helped contribute on screen chemistry. Fox has been replaced ', "gossip let's and a pop naughty but not to rob hi Andre let me I don't know not so let's start with the story about  Megan Fox . And you have the scoop as to why she was fired from transforms. Lots of stories sent. A couple of years ago American ", "I don't know not -- so let's start with the story about Megan Fox . And you have the scoop as to why she was fired from transforms. Lots of stories sent. A couple of years ago ", 'So start with the story about  Megan fox  and you have the scoop as to why she was fired from transform and lots of stories so. A couple years ago American nuns in an interview ', 'So start with the story about Megan fox and you have the scoop as to why she was fired from transform and lots of stories so. A couple years ago ', 'his new show has debuted over on current TV after He left MSNBC was some controversy. Over on Yahoo! people searching  Megan Fox  the actress apparently gates and controversial remarks. About Michael Bay when He was directing. Transformers three ', 'after He left MSNBC was some controversy. Over on Yahoo! people searching Megan Fox the actress apparently gates and -- controversial remarks. About Michael Bay when He was directing. Transformers three and why she may have ']