['woman in "The Sopranos" was not with us at Fiamma: Livia, Tony\'s mother. That character died along with actress  Nancy Marchand  after Season 2, but Tony\'s relationship with his mother is, in a way, the basis for the whole show. "It\'s ', 'his character was in danger. Even Tony\'s son, A.J., sounds like a nihilist. When his grandmother Livia ( Nancy Marchand ) tells him about a group of teenagers killed when their overcrowded car hit a tree, he comments: "Those kids ', 'add Lee to scenes, a process later used on Gladiator after the death of Oliver Reed and on The Sopranos, following  Nancy Marchand \'s death. When The Crow was a hit, Proyas said, "I was pleased for Brandon\'s sake that it got to a wide audience ', 'Crowe a gladiator, died before the filming was complete. Using the new technology, one last scene was created.  Nancy Marchand , who played Tony Soprano\'s mother on "The Sopranos" passed away, and the producers created one more scene ', "struggle with the loss of a cast member. Last year The Sopranos were in a similar situation with the death of actress  Nancy Marchand , who played Mafia mama Livia Soprano. Jackass Injuries 'Upsetting' You can watch Jackass on TV. But don't be ", 'role in the ABC weepie Tuesdays With Morrie. Best remembrance: James Gandolfini, on his late TV mother, actress  Nancy Marchand , who died this year after a long battle with cancer: "The first day at work, I was a little intimidated by her ', 'role in the ABC weepie Tuesdays With Morrie. Best remembrance: James Gandolfini, on his late TV mother, actress  Nancy Marchand , who died this year after a long battle with cancer: "The first day at work, I was a little intimidated by her ', 'role in the ABC weepie Tuesdays With Morrie. Best remembrance: James Gandolfini, on his late TV mother, actress  Nancy Marchand , who died this year after a long battle with cancer: "The first day at work, I was a little intimidated by her ', 'fake heart surgery paid off, said the show s executive producer, Rob Burnett. In the first upset of the evening,  Nancy Marchand , who played the scheming Mafia matriarch on The Sopranos, failed to win for supporting actress in a drama series ', 'become the most honored show. Each had 18 nominations, including Best Drama. In the first upset of the evening,  Nancy Marchand , who played the scheming Mafia matriarch on The Sopranos, failed to win for supporting actress in a drama series ', 'this category, especially the exquisite, elegant  Nancy Marchand . The 71-year-old actress died in June, after suggesting a hit be ordered on her own flesh and blood.  Nancy Marchand  was one of the main reasons why Sopranos was such ', 'of Judging Amy, Sela Ward of Once and Again and former ER cast member Julianna Margulies. In a bittersweet note,  Nancy Marchand , who died in June, received a best supporting actress nomination for her role as a mob mom in The Sopranos. Vindication ', 'then you got to be funny on top of it. And the winner is, james gandolfini, "the sopranos." Like to mention  nancy marchand . She couldn\'t be here tonight. I\'m standing here because of her. He knows everything. He wants some lunch ', 'it. And the winner is, james gandolfini, "the sopranos." Like to mention nancy marchand . She couldn\'t be here tonight. I\'m standing here because of her. He knows everything. He wants some lunch. I got eggplant. I ', "ultimately. Yes you know funds yes witness but doesn't nipple for a little so. soprano died along with actress  Nancy Marchand  after easing to a police relationship with his mother is in the basis for the whole show. Lucas decided to Janice ", 'a little so. -- -- -- -- soprano died along with actress Nancy Marchand after easing to a police relationship with his mother is in -- -- the basis for the whole show. Lucas decided to ']