["out of new technology. The movie about steve jobs is the first to debut its trailer on inst it shows 15 seconds of  ashton kutcher  in the title role with words of inspiration. Take a look. Here's the crazy part. The rebels. The people who ", "first to debut its trailer on inst it shows 15 seconds of ashton kutcher in the title role with words of inspiration. Take a look. Here's the crazy part. The rebels. The people who are crazy ", "Back everybody politicians scuttlebutt in the skated today and we have some do that all you.  Ashton Kutcher  Demi Moore thing about whether together what's gone all but apparently. the rumors of his infidelity been running rampant now ", "in the skated today and we have some do that all you. Ashton Kutcher Demi Moore thing about whether -- -- together what's gone all but apparently. -- the rumors of his infidelity been running rampant ", "producers have Two and a Half Men have finally found a big starts Charlie I think that's a pretty good drum roll please  Ashton Kutcher  is reportedly putting the finishing touches on a deal to join me. Top rated show this fall culture has millions on ", "I think that's a pretty good -- -- -- drum roll please Ashton Kutcher is reportedly putting the finishing touches on a deal to join me. Top rated show this fall culture has millions on Twitter ", 'instagramedkaty perry, saying whose broad straps and broad stars. And I like that he returns to his hometown in iowa,  ashton kutcher , to celebrate the fourth. The hollywood couple dreed down, took part in the parade, laughing with locals and driving ', 'stars. And I like that he returns to his hometown in iowa, ashton kutcher , to celebrate the fourth. The hollywood couple dreed down, took part in the parade, laughing with locals and driving a monster truck. ', "W.A.T. Team descending on  ashton kutcher 's mansion, storming his home highest-paid actor on television,  ashton kutcher . A massive police response don't know who sent it. Three of  ashton kutcher 's employees were forced out ", "that may have been a high-stakes hoax. A s.W.A.T. Team descending on ashton kutcher's mansion, storming his home after reports of shots fired. David wright has this story. Reporter: The lapd is taking this very seriously. A manhunt under way for the people responsible. This is a new kind of prank called s.W.A.T.Ing. Spending a special weapons and tactics team to an unsuspecting doorstep. In this case, the doorstep belonged to hollywood's highest-paid actor on television, ashton kutcher . A massive police response, including a s.W.A.T. Team, paramedics and a dozen l.A. Police officers. Gathering like heavily-armed paparazzi, outside the hollywood home of a star. Officers at hollywood station received a message through the tdd, which claimed that people had broken into the home. And they heard at least three shots. Reporter: The report came in on a teletype for the hard of hearing. Police say they don't know who sent it. Three of ashton kutcher's employees were forced out of the residence and detained at gun point. Someone called to mr. Kuchar. He sent his assistant out ", 'latest on the rumored row mans between mila kunis and  ashton kutcher . For months, they claimed to be just friends. Rachel planted on the a-list, it appears mila kunis and  ashton kutcher  are rekindling their romance in real life and on the ', "on the latest on the rumored row mans between mila kunis and ashton kutcher . For months, they claimed to be just friends. Rachel smith has the details. Reporter: We met her as jackie. Hello, boys, it's ", 'on-screen kiss. Firmly planted on the a-list, it appears mila kunis and ashton kutcher are rekindling their romance in real life and on the road. They were spotted at the airport, reportedly jetting off for a ', "merits of a personal computer for home use. The first thing that struck him as inaccurate were the personalities.  Ashton kutcher  portrays jobs as a tech visionary. A role that jobs didn't embrace until later in life. As far as the penalties ", "use. The first thing that struck him as inaccurate were the personalities. Ashton kutcher portrays jobs as a tech visionary. A role that jobs didn't embrace until later in life. As far as the penalties that ", "Hollywood's most high profile splits Demi Moore and  Ashton Kutcher  are divorcing after six years of marriage and countless statement Thursday about her decision to her marriage to  Ashton Kutcher  as a woman a mother and a wife there are certain values ", "One of Hollywood's most high profile splits Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher are divorcing after six years of marriage and countless tweets about their every move. Now Moore says she's moving forward with her ", 'releasing this statement Thursday about her decision to -- her marriage to Ashton Kutcher as a woman a mother and a wife there are certain values and vows that I hold sacred. And it is in ', 'which might be a But one person claims Demi knew what was going on one of Ashton alleged mistresses speaking out.  Ashton Kutcher  was all smiles on the set of Two and a Half Men Friday described him as business as usual. Warning you divorce why ', 'what was going on one of Ashton alleged mistresses -- speaking out. Ashton Kutcher was all smiles on the set of Two and a Half Men Friday -- described him as business as usual. Warning you ', "it's the first and only once you've ever had she's very Don. You know she was kind of caught up in the back was  Ashton Kutcher  says it was the most romantic night they it. As one night stands out to be He often. Even seeking her comment she's ", 'know she was kind of caught up in the back -- was Ashton Kutcher says it was the most romantic night -- they -- it. As one night stands out to be He often. Even seeking ', "claim to distinction and help John's hit song.  Ashton Kutcher  has money to burn the actor just signed up to become tickets to go out. Among the other celebrity joining  Ashton Kutcher . Steve Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt and physicist ", "people can afford to claim to distinction and help John's hit song. Ashton Kutcher has money to burn the actor just signed up to become the 500 customer on -- and go. Richard Branson's space shift ", 'mostly -- tickets to go out. Among the other celebrity -- joining Ashton Kutcher . Steve -- Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt and physicist Stephen Hawking. Why settle for the red carpet and you could truly reach ', 'And now have super couple  Ashton Kutcher  and Demi Moore split the gossip is swirling only until then extramarital encounter ended alleged nine figure divorce settlement.  Ashton Kutcher  took to Twitter on Thursday afternoon with an oh snap straight ', "And now have super couple Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore split the gossip is swirling only until then they know for sure but their Twitter feeds are telling quite a trail. ABC's Chris Connelly has been following all of it. Tabloid reports that have reported extramarital encounter ended alleged nine figure divorce settlement. Ashton Kutcher took to Twitter on Thursday afternoon with an oh snap straight out of high school. When you assume to know that which ", 'oops eight million followers received this tweet from  Ashton Kutcher  about Penn State coach Joseph Paterno. How do you screw something up I asked myself WW AKD what would  Ashton Kutcher  do. I then do the opposite. Expects actual cause ', 'College hash tag oops -- eight million followers received this tweet from Ashton Kutcher about Penn State coach Joseph Paterno. How do you fire -- pot insult no class as a Hawkeye -- I find it ', 'do not screw something up I asked myself WW AKD what would Ashton Kutcher do. I then do the opposite. Expects actual cause her to be you know an encyclopedia. Of knowledge about current events. But ', "KEEP SAYING THAT. THEY'VE BEEN DENYING RUMORS OF A ROMANCE. BUT THE PICTURES SEEM TO TELL A DIFFERENT STORY.  ASHTON KUTCHER  AND MINA KUNIS, SEEN CUDDLING ON THEIR WAY TO BALI. THE ACTOR CURRENTLY GOING THROUGH A DIVORCE FROM DEMI MOORE ", 'OF A ROMANCE. BUT THE PICTURES SEEM TO TELL A DIFFERENT STORY. ASHTON KUTCHER AND MINA KUNIS, SEEN CUDDLING ON THEIR WAY TO BALI. THE ACTOR CURRENTLY GOING THROUGH A DIVORCE FROM DEMI MOORE IS TAKING ', "The industrial revolution no more tax no more mainframes that changes everything it's people just people. It's perfect don't how did not tell me about working on that from my own as a result actually Thanks for your over. For Q it's it's what you kindergarten your instinct wanting your big purple", "for a week a follow up. He has fire energy strip he's he's he's back there is going crazy. It's it's been a year more than a year November 20 elevenths what action. Kutcher and Demi Moore announced they were breaking up but apparently were there just getting around to officially filing for the", 'and ashton\'s romantic get-away to the jackson feud that keeps unfolding all over social media and here in the afternoons we\'re attacking it all and getting to the bottom of it all. Inside scoop, lease welcome levey. And we have assistant manager of "people" magazine, kate coyne. I want to talk', 'Which Celeb Makes Most Per Episode: Mariah Carey, Ashton Kutcher  or Mark Harmon?', 'american idol." The kardashians, making $10 mo$10 million a year. Mark harmon. The big winner, though.  Ashton kutcher  gets $700,000 an episode for "two and a half men," which costs more than $15 million a year. Even charlie ', 'making $10 mo$10 million a year. Mark harmon. The big winner, though. Ashton kutcher gets $700,000 an episode for "two and a half men," which costs more than $15 million a year. Even charlie sheen would ', 'Different type of star at 32  Ashton Kutcher  is one part married man one part leading man and according hire somebody else to put in the movies. The movie  Ashton Kutcher  begins fear and cornfields of Iowa. Well one of his ', 'Different type of star at 32 Ashton Kutcher is one part married man one part leading man and according to him one part every -- but. His greatest strength may ', 'would hire somebody else to put -- in the movies. The movie Ashton Kutcher begins fear and -- cornfields of Iowa. Well one of his first jobs was sweeping up Cheerios at the General Mills -- ']