['people thought the role perpetuated antiquated stereotypes dating to as far back as the film "Gone With the Wind."  Hattie McDaniel  made history as the first black woman to win an Oscar for playing a maid a named Mammy in that 1939 film, and she ', 'Win an Oscar Vivien Leigh and  Hattie McDaniel  are shown in a publicity still 1940. Best Supporting Actress  Hattie McDaniel  was the first African American Collection/Getty Images) Actress  Hattie McDaniel  won the Oscar for Best Supporting ', 'his nickname "Alfalfa" after starting a successful farm known for its alfalfa crop in Oklahoma. Feb. 29, 1940  Hattie McDaniel  became the first African-American to win an Academy Award. McDaniel won Best Supporting Actress for her role as ', 'Gone With The Wind!" Click through to see how  Hattie McDaniel  of "Gone with the Wind" and the other black women Oscar winners have fared.  Hattie McDaniel Hattie McDaniel  made history as the first black woman to win an ', 'Florida while his mother was on a shopping trip, he was still considered a Bahamian, thus not an African American.  Hattie McDaniel  was the first African American woman to win an Academy Award in 1940, for her role as Mammy in "Gone with the Wind ', 'royal blue dress is because it\'s the color that  Hattie McDaniel  wore when she accepted her Oscar," Mo\'Nique said Sandra Bullock Reveal Inspirations Backstage "Ms.  Hattie McDaniel , I have you all over me," Mo\'Nique continued ', 'Tomatoes and, ironically, earned him the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actor in 2002.  Hattie McDaniel  In 1939, the segregation of the South kept  Hattie McDaniel  from attending the Atlanta premiere of " Gone with the Wind ," but it didn\'t keep ', '10 million in annual revenue. The cemetery is home to celebrity graves including those of Cecile B. Demille,  Hattie McDaniel , John Huston and Rudolph Valentino, and Cassity has even thrown open the gates to show movies to the public at 10 ', "And we talked about civil rights when it wasn't really popular. This academy -- this group of people -- gave  Hattie McDaniel  an Oscar in 1939 when blacks were still sitting in the backs of theaters. I'm proud to be a part of this academy ", 'every once in awhile. It\'s probably a good thing," Clooney said. "This academy, this group of people gave  Hattie  [ McDaniel ] an Oscar in 1939 when blacks were still sitting in the backs of theaters." After the ceremony, Clooney said ', 'how I feel. If Denzel wins, I feel like I won, too." Five black actors have won Oscars for supporting roles:  Hattie McDaniel  for her role in Gone With the Wind (1940), Louis Gossett Jr. in An Officer and a Gentleman (1982), Washington ', "believe. Apple worldwide. Person now okay because. There wasn't anyone like me. And it was seventy years between  Hattie McDaniel  the first black woman to win and seven day. So this all mayor I don't know what to say about what you've done ", "because. There wasn't anyone like me. And it was seventy years between Hattie McDaniel the first black woman to win and -- seven day. So this all mayor -- I don't know what to say about "]