['Re-Wiring Your Brain for Happiness: Research Shows How Meditation Can Physically Change the Brain', 'celebrities also are known meditators, including shock jock Howard Stern, actors Richard Gere, Goldie Hawn and  Heather Graham , and Rivers Cuomo, the lead singer of the band Weezer. In one study, a research team from Massachusetts General ', 'her prolific professional career has spanned almost 3 decades. Her great great grandfather hailed from Ireland.  Heather Graham  Voted most talented by her highs school senior class the Wisconsin born actress dropped out of her acting program ', 'Upon a Time in America" and "Casino" Hotties Who\'ve Been Spotted On His Arm: Sean Young, Nicolette Sheridan,  Heather Graham , Missy Crider, Lauren Holly, Alexis Thorpe, Ashley Madison (above) His Hotness: 4 Their Hotness: 9 His Type ', 'embraced by rocker Sting and his wife Trudy, actress  Heather Graham  and impresario Sean "Diddy" Combs -- has been dubbed my work, I\'m more meticulous with lovemaking."  Heather Graham  recently told the Daily Mail that she would rather ', 'is said to be planned for 2008. Did You Know? Ant briefly dated actress Jamie Lee Curtis. He later dated actress  Heather Graham . A legendary "swordsman" of the decade, Ant was featured in VH1\'s five-part "Retrosexuals: The \'80s ', "Baucus (D-MT), House Government Reform Chairman Rep. Henry Waxman (D-CA), Rep. Mary Bono (R-CA),  Heather Graham , Bridget Moynahan, Fran Drescher and other politicians and celebrities. Today is Harriet Miers' last day as White ", "undoubtedly inspired amazing cameos, including Woody Harrelson in drag, John C. Reilly as a punch-drunk monk and  Heather Graham  as a violent chocoholic. Indeed, it's intriguing to think of the nut from One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest as ", "celebrities' features that he compiles an annual list of the favorites. This year's most requested eyes belong to  Heather Graham . Hottest cheeks: Halle Berry's. The most lusted-after lips: Denise Richards. The most asked-for jawline ", 'From Hell, a stylish reinterpretation of the Jack the Ripper case starring Johnny Depp and  Heather Graham , won the weekend box-office race, carving up the Drew Barrymore drama Riding in Cars with Boys (which came in second) and ', 'Knowles would play, but you can bet your bippy that her name will be along the "nudge, nudge, wink wink" lines of  Heather Graham \'s Felicity Shagwell. The third installment of Austin Powers continues the adventures of the swinging \'60s superspy ', 'others to experience what so many poor kids deal with every day. Hundreds of thousands took him up on it including  Heather Graham  in the Jonas Brothers all kicking off their shoes and going barefoot. They took the in the streets and online posting ', 'with every day. Hundreds of thousands took him up on it including Heather Graham in the Jonas Brothers all kicking off their shoes and going barefoot. They took the -- in the streets and online posting ']