["it, it's, who has worn it previously? I miss those cher moments so bad. You have the occasional cook like  helena bonham carter . But I think 99.7% of us are acting safe. Reporter: Brad's power as a stylist has made him a star in his ", "miss those cher moments so bad. You have the occasional cook like helena bonham carter . But I think 99.7% of us are acting safe. Reporter: Brad's power as a stylist has made him a star in his ", "subjective fashion little about the worst just let's get to the fun part of course you know they got to bring up  Helena Bonham Carter  I mean she's certainly guarantee every yeah. Always check edges like showing up the union Jack and a light and ", "the fun part of course you know they got to bring up Helena Bonham Carter I mean she's certainly guarantee every -- -- yeah. Always -- -- check edges like showing up the union Jack and a ", "Amy Adams in the fighter  Helena Bonham Carter  and king's speech. Melissa should which He He will go to  Helena Bonham Carter  in the King's Speech. Very in there and it could be.  Helena Bonham Carter  I how to copy and Paul. Hill ", "read the nominees here for every one. Amy Adams in the fighter Helena Bonham Carter and king's speech. Melissa Leo in the fighter Hayley Steinfeld in true grit and -- -- -- your weight now. Melissa Leo ", "if Melissa Leo should -- which He -- He will go to Helena Bonham Carter in the King's Speech. Very subtle form and very easy and it's the movie. So what I must -- I'm saying illicitly auction went. I'm hoping she will win but I think we got a surprise in there and it could be. Helena Bonham Carter -- I -- how to copy and Paul. Hill delete and a talk upright. You. Best supporting actor now. Look at these ", "really defining moment with the Oscars and that's and so exciting about it. And are about right here. Exactly.  Helena Bonham Carter  but be disappointed if were. I have admitted be disappointed. All time Oscar looks well you know I am I doing ", '-- and so exciting about it. And are about right here. Exactly. Helena Bonham Carter but -- be disappointed if -- were. I have admitted -- be disappointed. All time Oscar looks well you know I am ', 'Hollywood glamour big big style mom and certainly carry I hear me. Now at have asked because it almost seems like  Helena Bonham Carter  enjoys up the fashion police and she seems to really always figure out a way to do it even she marches in the heat ', 'me. Now at -- -- have asked because it almost seems like Helena Bonham Carter enjoys -- up the fashion police and she seems to really always figure out a way to do it even -- she ', "it snap and. That kind of and. Who missed the mark. I'm you for me it wasn't. That season of course that  Helena Bonham Carter  who always kind of you know shows up on the red carpet not looking her absolute basket she's gorgeous woman but ", "I'm you for me it wasn't. That season of course -- that Helena Bonham Carter who always kind of you know shows up on the red carpet not looking her absolute basket she's -- gorgeous woman but ", "and newly added that they had done anything. Very appropriate. What are the most dramatic looks of the night  Helena Bonham Carter  and Oscar winning costume designer Colleen. And for the in the crowd as little. I tell them. Can you do it's ", 'anything. Very appropriate. What are the most dramatic looks of the night Helena Bonham Carter and -- -- Oscar winning costume designer Colleen. And for the -- in the crowd as little. I tell them. Can you ', "actresses from the same thing when presented is unusual that the usual Amy Adams and Melissa Leo from the fighter right  Helena Bonham Carter  for the King's Speech. She's got a very good chance supporting actress somebody went centers like the French ", "that the usual Amy Adams and Melissa Leo from the fighter right Helena Bonham Carter for the King's Speech. She's got a very good chance supporting actress somebody went centers like the French Open -- Of these ", "of this year's Oscar contenders are best actress nominees senate thinning. Nicole Kidman and but Colin Firth  Helena Bonham Carter  woke up toward the just saw that this would be hits and I like it a lot to. Vanity fair's hall the issue hits ", 'are best actress nominees senate thinning. Nicole Kidman and but Colin Firth Helena Bonham Carter woke up toward the -- -- just saw that this would be -- -- hits and I like it a lot to. ', "made it Israel radio let's get through some of the other musical comedy Amy Adams for enchanted Nikki blond ski  Helena Bonham Carter  Marion Allard apple have that right. And Ellen Page and actor Johnny Depp Ryan Gosling Tom Hanks Philip Seymour ", '-- -- -- musical comedy Amy Adams for enchanted Nikki blond ski Helena Bonham Carter Marion -- Allard apple have that right. And Ellen Page and actor Johnny Depp Ryan Gosling Tom Hanks Philip Seymour Hoffman and ', "and experts about this I mean and so what are some characteristics that you somebody wants to look me. I think  Helena Bonham Carter  sort of you know will wild yeah she's is this a way to kind of stay elegant but also had a wild. Yeah get that ", "some characteristics that you somebody wants to look me. I think -- Helena Bonham Carter sort of you know will -- wild yeah she's is this a way to kind of stay elegant but also had a ", 'vacationing with her family. And attention all Harry Potter fans evil lord Baltimore is about to get some help. Actress  Helena Bonham Carter  has signed on to play Baltimore OT in the next Harry Potter film. Oscar nominee joins returning stars Daniel Radcliffe ', 'Potter fans evil lord Baltimore is about to get some help. Actress Helena Bonham Carter has signed on to play Baltimore -- OT in the next Harry Potter film. Oscar nominee joins returning stars Daniel Radcliffe Rupert ']