['Feb. 23: Smoke billows from the runway at Andersen Air Force Base, Guam after a B-2 stealth bomber crashed. File: A B-2 stealth bomber flying over the Pacific Ocean....', 'A defiant Moammar Gadhafi vowed a "long war" after the U.S. and European militaries blasted his forces with airstrikes and over 100 cruise missiles early Sunday, hit...', 'Former U.S. Army Vice Chief of Staff Jack Keane on the crisis in Syria and the NSA scandal.', 'North Korea makes more threats after South Koreans protest Kim Jong Un government', 'After a day of festivities to mark the 101st birthday of its first leader, North Korea on Tuesday offered prickly new rhetoric against the United States and South Ko...', "White House responds to N. Korea's 'state of war' comment, says taking threat 'seriously'", 'North Korea said Saturday that the peninsula it shares with South Korea is entering a "state of war" -- a threat the White House is taking seriously despite the tota...', "With the threats billowing out of North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un's regime at an unusually rapid clip, concern is mounting that the young leader could be backing h...", 'A top North Korean decision-making body issued a pointed warning Sunday, saying that nuclear weapons are "the nation\'s life" and will not be traded even for "billion...', 'The cost of the American and European assault on Libya already easily tops hundreds of millions of dollars, and has the potential to rise significantly if the operat...', 'ZWITINA, Libya -- The international military intervention in Libya is likely to last "a while," a top French official said Monday, echoing Muammar Qaddafi\'s warning ...', 'The bill is coming due for our role in the war in Libya. Tomahawk cruise missiles, precision bombs, and of course the crashed jet, combining for a total tab of $600 ...', 'The international military intervention in Libya is likely to last "awhile," a top French official said Monday, echoing Moammar Gadhafi\'s warning of a long war ahead...', 'President Bush turned the charm on congressional leaders Wednesday morning, inviting them to breakfast at the White House to discuss legislation empowering him to us...', 'U.S. military engineers have reported that they shut down a pipeline used for illegal oil shipments from Iraq to Syria, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tue...', 'Large-scale combat in Iraq is finished, and the U.S. war commander is sending warplanes and other forces home, the Pentagon said Monday, but the remaining troops sti...']