["York we've been talking about the life but  Joan Crawford  and joining us now is  Joan Crawford 's daughter Isabel is jones' granddaughter Olivia and alone you're Indian daughter.  Joan Crawford .  Joan Crawford  with the super icon a glamorous ", "K -- in New York we've been talking about the life but Joan Crawford and joining us now is Joan Crawford's daughter -- -- -- Isabel is jones' granddaughter -- alone and great granddaughter Olivia and alone you're Indian daughter. Joan Crawford . Joan Crawford with the super icon a glamorous movie star I I just adored her and one day she decides she's going to adopt four children -- one of two twins. At what point did you realize you're the daughter of Joan Crawford that she was a movie star could you share that story with us. You know I don't think that it really ever ", "just hard to explain. It's just regular day in the life I Joan Crawford . AMR that day in the life of my mother you know. Can you finish this statement for me finish this statement to ", 'Reporter: "Mommie dearest" is the classic movie about what it was like growing up as the daughter of a hollywood star.  Joan crawford  as the caricature of the mother no one would want. Yes, mommie dearest. Reporter: Now the spotlight is on another ', "it was like growing up as the daughter of a hollywood star. Joan crawford as the caricature of the mother no one would want. Yes, mommie dearest. Reporter: Now the spotlight is on another hollywood icon's ", "Monday my damn channel and that's a completely different role. Right servant a horrible alcoholic sort of Betty Davis  Joan Crawford . That gives us on the other side we haven't seen yeah it's so yeah I do that that a paid attention my kids great ", "completely different role. Right servant a horrible alcoholic sort of Betty Davis Joan Crawford . That gives us on the other side we haven't seen yeah it's so yeah I do that -- that a paid attention ", "Hollywood series and specials. No this is actually auspicious occasion. He got thank you notes from legends like  Joan Crawford  and Julie enters. also saved gifts that stars gave him. Jerry is lighter bing Crosby's money clip and one day Judy ", "is actually auspicious occasion. He got thank you notes from legends like Joan Crawford and Julie enters. -- -- also saved gifts that stars gave him. Jerry -- is lighter bing Crosby's money clip and one ", 'last century has arranged funerals for such luminaries as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Actors James Cagney Greta Garbo  Joan Crawford  composer Irving Berlin George Gershwin Igor Stravinsky and John Lennon. Sports figures rocky grassy and Billy Martin ', 'for such luminaries as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Actors James Cagney Greta Garbo Joan Crawford composer -- Irving Berlin George Gershwin Igor Stravinsky and John Lennon. Sports figures rocky grassy -- and Billy Martin wild west legend ', 'becomes like a real life soap opera. It was a long enough so illustrious history seen here in whatever happened to baby  Joan Crawford  once called Davis a phony. Davis rejoiced in Crawford and we and ex Disney honcho Michael Eisner once reportedly said ', 'enough so illustrious history seen here in whatever happened to baby -- Joan Crawford once called -- Davis a phony. Davis rejoiced in Crawford -- -- -- and we and ex Disney honcho Michael Eisner once ']