["University in Texas that conducted the study, says that the secret lies in how the cabbage's defense syncs up with its  circadian rhythm . The rhythm itself is a type of biological clock that refreshes every 24 hours. She explains that the defense comes ", "lag is to fast for several hours before arriving at your destination. That's because when you eat influences your  circadian rhythms , in much the same way that exposure to light and dark does. Let's say you're headed to France. On the plane ", "Buse says; the blue light emitted by these devices suppresses the sleep hormone melatonin and can disrupt your  circadian rhythm . 7 Tips for the Best Sleep Ever Drinking Too Much Why it's harmful: Alcohol depresses the nervous system, slowing ", 'Landis. "When it\'s cold out, people stay inside more and that affects your exposure to light, which affects your  circadian rhythms  and how well you sleep," Landis said, adding that physical activity can also lead to more restful nights. "But ', 'messes with the body\'s internal clock system, known as  circadian rhythms , and this might somehow have an adverse effect on metabolism Harvard Medical School, explained it this way: "The  circadian  system is made up of a master clock in the brain and ', 'dimmer switch on your happiness. Dreary days and scant natural light can be murder on your motivation and alter your  circadian rhythm , leaving you short on the mood-boosting hormone serotonin. In fact, some 15 million people (three-fourths ', 'raising their risk of  heart attack  and stroke. So says percent increased risk of  heart attack  and a 5 percent increased increasing the risk of  heart attack  and stroke for people possibility is disruption in  circadian rhythm , a feature inherent ', 'also suffer the effects of insufficient sleep. The  circadian clock  also plays a role in how the body burns energy, which people have to be active and try to sleep outside their  circadian  window, has been simulated in carefully controlled ', 'around the same time each evening, says Sharkey. "If you vary your bedtime--even by 30 or 60 minutes--your  circadian rhythms  get out of whack and you\'ll feel like you have jet lag every Monday morning," she says. Eat for Energy Kicking ', 'new mechanism by which disrupted  circadian  (24-hour) rhythms can increase during the day, they can face both  circadian  (24-hour cycle) disruption working at UPenn\'s Center for Sleep and  Circadian  Neurobiology, said the was "great ', 'those affected by SAT. Because it helps regulate our  circadian rhythm . This rhythm tells us went to sleep and when to stay of the brain that I was referring to god controls  circadian rhythm . Will sense it and respond to it. But beyond light ', 'big role for those affected by SAT. Because it helps regulate our circadian rhythm . This rhythm tells us went to sleep and when to stay awake and it causes a chemical change in our brains. There ', 'part of the brain that I was referring to god controls -- circadian rhythm . Will sense it and respond to it. But beyond light there are other ways to fight off these annual blues. Simple steps ', "they get closer to what an adult needs about nine hours night. But for teenagers it's very difficult because the  circadian rhythm  is so far off. When an adult or younger child is. That they have the very very hard time falling asleep than usual ", "nine hours -- night. But for teenagers it's very difficult because the circadian rhythm is so far off. When an adult or younger child is. That they have the very very hard time falling asleep than ", "ought to be around 730. get up and the reason that's important is if you don't pay attention through natural  circadian rhythm  of meal eating. Did you get hungry would have to be put on foolish thinks Google forging for food they shouldn't ", "the reason that's important is if you don't pay attention through natural circadian rhythm of meal eating. Did you get hungry would have to be put on -- -- -- foolish thinks Google forging for food ", "the weekend they suddenly think one gonna catch up until they start staying up later. That's really changed your  circadian rhythm  and it's almost like jet lag homemade jet lag so if you're staying up three hours later. Each night over the ", "catch up until they start staying up later. That's really changed your circadian rhythm and it's almost like jet lag homemade jet lag so if you're staying up three hours later. Each night over the weekend. ", "even follow the season. Aside from brightening up an office the sky ceiling may also help regulate your body's  circadian rhythms . And finally better chocolate through technology candy maker Mars IBM in the USDA are launching a five year project ", "up an office the sky ceiling may also help regulate your body's circadian rhythms . And finally better chocolate through technology candy maker Mars IBM in the USDA are launching a five year project today. To map "]