['best-selling drugs: The diabetes drug Actos; the antidepressant Lexapro; the cholesterol-lowering pill Lipitor; the blood thinner  Plavix ; and the asthma treatment,Singulair; all of which are available as generics . Depending on the pharmacy, costs varied by ', 'are foods or other medicines that they should avoid. A-C Alfentanil (oral) Amiodarone Apixaban Atorvastatin Buspirone  Clopidogrel  Crizotinib Cyclosporine D-F Darifenacin Dasatinib Dextromethorphan Domperidone Dronedarone Eplerenone Erlotinib Erythromycin ', 'cholesterol-lowering drug Lipitor and the blood-thinner  Plavix  can cost up to $168 each per month. But skipping doses, Weintraub a heart attack, a stroke or death," he said. Lipitor and  Plavix  are two of 10 blockbuster drugs coming off-patent in the next ', 'cholesterol-lowering drug Lipitor and the blood thinner  Plavix  will expire, opening the door for generic blockbuster drugs coming off patent.  Plavix  When a clot builds up or lodges in a blood could cause a heart attack or stroke.  Plavix , which belongs to a class of drugs called ', 'expected to win FDA approval soon. PLATO compared ticagrelor to  clopidogrel  in nearly 19,000 patients, about 90 percent of whom were risk of cardiovascular events by 11.7 percent relative to  clopidogrel  overall. But a subgroup analysis found that ticagrelor apparently ', 'vitamin D and calcium supplementation. In November the FDA issued a warning about concomitant use of the PPI omeprazole (Prilosec and Prilosec OTC) and  clopidogrel . The PPI was found to blunt the antiplatelet effect of  clopidogrel .', 'Bill Clinton Hospitalized for Routine Stent Surgery; Stress May Have Triggered Chest Pain', 'within the original bypass. After the procedure, patients must take at least one blood-thinning agent, such as aspirin or  clopidogrel , to reduce the risk of blood clots developing in the stent and closing off the artery. A few recent studies suggest that ', 'factors," she said. "Over 60 percent of women 21-39 have at least one risk factor." Christine takes medication -- Zocor,  Plavix  and aspirin -- daily and continues to watch her diet and exercise, but her own experience has taught her the value of being ', 'Brilinta, may soon take the place of  Plavix  in treating patients with acute raising the risk of bleeding, as  clopidogrel  ( Plavix ) can do. "For people with acute syndrome, this very well may replace  Plavix ," said study author Dr. Christopher ', 'drugs -- including aspirin,  clopidogrel  ( Plavix ) and vitamin K antagonists highest among those who took  clopidogrel  plus a vitamin K antagonist all combinations of aspirin,  clopidogrel  and vitamin K antagonists are ', 'dabigatran or a placebo on top of aspirin and the blood thinner  Plavix . The study found dabigatran safe in preventing blood clots safe on top of dual antiplatelet therapy [meaning aspirin and  Plavix ] ," study author Dr. Jonas Oldgren, chief physician in the ', "widely used antiplatelet drug  clopidogrel  ( Plavix ). The analysis of data from direct-to-consumer advertising for  clopidogrel  did not increase people's expenditures. Consumer ads for  clopidogrel  began in 2001. Between then ", 'on the number of TV ads for  Plavix  aired on network news programs.  Plavix  was initially approved in colleagues reported, making  clopidogrel  one of the 10 most heavily quarter of 2005, some 50  Plavix  ads aired on network news ', "Alive if you are confident director youth because commonplace thing. don't think that it was that they. Needed affiliate  Plavix . It's time they need to Then you've ever because. Distracted. Or other problems in the nation. And that apple the royal ", "thing. -- -- don't think that it was that they. Needed affiliate Plavix . It's time they need to -- Then you've ever -- because. Distracted. Or other problems in the nation. And that apple the ", "people need to take. Hot anti drugs like  Plavix . But if they stop those drugs they may available of that type drug in the US  Plavix  is the most common type that is the other time that when patients stop taking the  Plavix  that's when their risk really jobs ", 'stents and so people need to take. Hot anti -- drugs like Plavix . But if they stop those drugs they may be at increased risk for heart attacks and plots against so give us a ', 'there are two available of that type -- drug in the US Plavix is the most common type that is the other. The combination of one of those drugs plus aspirin. Did the job and ', "seems at this point in time that when patients stop taking the Plavix that's when their risk really jobs. Today we're we're. Not sure how how best to manage this problem but the -- any interest in focus seems to be on Plavix again. And everybody in this business is asking themselves. What should we do with the Plavix -- the type -- should we tell patients to take it for more than the three to six months with the stent manufacturers recommend. Should they take it for a year or two or three or indefinitely. -- -- come back to you sit on that very question as as Kirk is just said we are. Seemingly facing of the -- that we know that the drugs like Plavix . Can keep these. Stents from forming blood clots -- -- hand were not thrilled with the idea that people may have to ", 'both aspirin and the anti platelet drug  Plavix . A new study today looks at stent patients and finds that those who stop taking  Plavix  may be doubling their risk of a heart they found that patients who stop taking  Plavix  six months or even a year after their ', "medicine in addition to prescribing both aspirin and the anti platelet drug Plavix . A new study today looks at stent patients and finds that those who stop taking Plavix may be doubling their risk of a heart attack. Four year researchers followed over 4600 patients who received drug coated stents they found that patients who stop taking Plavix six months or even a year after their surgery were twice as likely to die from a heart attack. As those who continued taking the medicine. This risk increased as early as fifteen days after patients stop taking Plavix . Earlier research has shown that patients frequently don't follow their medication instructions. In light of this study experts say it is increasingly important that stent patients do not stop taking Plavix or -- Without first speaking to their physician. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. ", "drug thing thinning medication called  Plavix  you've all seen the commercials That preventing recurrent heart attacks than  Plavix  did. However there's some side effects the commercials. On TV about this drug  Plavix  how it prevents clots from forming in ", "most talked about studies involves the popular drug thing thinning medication called Plavix you've all seen the commercials -- -- That researchers have found that another drug for Sergio proved to have better results in preventing recurrent heart attacks than Plavix did. However there's some side effects -- we want to know at what price. Do these two drugs compare here to make sense of all this is doctor Randall Sussman he's a cardiologist from the Mass. General Boston welcome doctor. Good morning well this this article is in the new England journal of medicine and we've all seeing the commercials. On TV about this drug Plavix how it prevents clots from forming in your heart and the graphics look very nice and all that. Number one why are any of these medicines better than aspirin and number two let's talk about this new medicine that's supposed to be better than Plavix . While the new medications inhibit platelet aggregation and platelets. Are the little sticky things in their blood that caused blood clots to ", "more. That occurred in the -- -- -- group that and the Plavix group the right harder drugs. What we're both doctors and and and people are watching and one of the -- we take ", 'question that the combination of -- a girl or the -- grow Plavix is more effective than aspirin alone. So aspirin alone has been proven to be the least effective strategy. I think one of ', 'thousand patients randomized either to get the current drug  Plavix  or this new drug which. A generic name with Grail and the results heart attack or stroke. Or even death from heart attack the  Plavix  group at twelve point 1% He the Prius gro group had a lower ', 'and over thirteen thousand patients randomized either to get the current drug Plavix or this new drug which. A generic name with -- -- Grail and the results will show you right on the screen. The good news is that there was a reduction in the chance of having a serious cardiovascular problem that is -- -- heart attack or stroke. Or even death from heart attack the Plavix group at twelve point 1% He -- the Prius gro group had a lower percent nine point nine. Also significantly reduce the ', "lot of older people lost or are on different types of blood thinner is whether it's a baby aspirin today. Whether it's  Plavix  these types of things as well can create an effect on their healing. So is there more pain associated with them as well. But ", "of blood thinner is whether it's a baby aspirin today. Whether it's Plavix these types of things as well can create an effect on their healing. So is there more pain associated with them as ", "kind of And education and culture and their minds and dignity he he and freedom running game. Amendments act blatant lie when  Plavix  and the Central Bank sacrifice Brian good job them. That means head on leaving the night. News you still. I'm right now ", 'and freedom running game. Amendments act blatant lie when -- -- -- Plavix and the Central Bank sacrifice Brian good job -- -- them. That means head on leaving the night. News -- you still. ']