["Editor's note: The author of the following post is a breast cancer survivor.I am appalled at the change in recommendations for breast cancer screening by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force. Early detection is the best thing we have in place today for fighting the disease -- it's not perfect but it's the best we've got.Is is really acceptable to say that this will only increase the number of women who die from breast cancer by three percent? What if only one out of that 3% is someone you know and love (a sister, a daughter, an aunt, the mother of small children)? Three percent sounds like a small percentage -- but breast cancer affects so many women that that is not a small number.I probably would have been one of those three percent had my breast cancer not been seen on a routine mammogram at age 44. I had no family history of breast cancer (which is quite commmon). My breast cancer was very deep -- almost at my chest wall. It would have continued to grow -- and most likely would ...", 'Sebelius recruits women to blog about ObamaCare as part of public relations campaign', 'The White House is taking its public relations campaign for ObamaCare to the web.On Thursday Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, who has courted c...', 'Eli Lilly and Co reported higher-than-expected quarterly earnings, helped by cost cuts and strong sales of Cymbalta, a depression treatment that will lose patent pro...', 'Nordic scientists said on Wednesday they had found no evidence that screening women for breast cancer has any effect on death rates, adding to an already fierce inte...', 'Breast cancer screening for women over 50 saves lives, an independent panel in Britain has concluded, confirming findings in U.S. and other studies.But that screenin...', 'More than half of healthy women who have an annual mammogram will get at least one false positive result over a 10-year period, and 7 to 9 percent will undergo a bio...', 'The statistics are sobering. A woman is diagnosed with breast cancer every two minutes in the U.S. A woman dies of breast cancer every 13 minutes. Breast cancer is t...', 'Breast cancer survivor  Carol LaRegina shares her story and how she is helping fight  breast cancer', 'Not everyone loves the dentist, but most people honor the twice-annual appointment to maintain their pearly whites. Now, a new study shows those trips to the dentist...', 'The first time Miriam Lipton had breast cancer, her thick locks fell out two weeks after starting chemotherapy. The second time breast cancer struck, Lipton gave her...', 'Are doctors over-treating breast cancer?At a breast cancer conference Friday in Barcelona, experts discussed how to implement mammogram screening programs across Eur...', 'Differences in the health and tumor characteristics of white and black women with breast cancer at the time of their diagnoses may be largely to blame for the dispar...', 'Starting breast cancer screening as early as age 25 may help women who carry a genetic mutation linked to a higher risk of cancer live longer, suggests a new study."...', 'UK study: Mammograms for women over 50 save lives, but for each life saved, 3 are overtreated', 'Breast cancer screening for women over 50 saves lives, an independent panel in Britain has concluded, confirming findings in U.S. and other studies.But that screenin...']