["trials that they might participate in tells. Address of the website and what they can find there. Right the website is the  clinical trials  died it's a little bit hard to navigate I think for it and and they public. But all the trials Saturday. For a patients ", "website and what they can find there. Right the website is the clinical trials died it's a little bit hard to navigate I think for it and and they public. But all the trials Saturday. For ", 'you for making me a part of  clinical trials . I have benefited from those before you participated in  clinical trials . And in a certain sense tomorrow. You participate in a  clinical trial , looking at a different way ', "for everything. But also, thank you for making me a part of clinical trials . I have benefited from those who made themselves available. The standard treatments of today are developed because people, you know, patients before you participated in clinical trials . And in a certain sense, it's our obligations as physicians and patients of today, to develop the standard of care for the patients of tomorrow. You participate in a clinical trial , looking at a different way of preventing one of the most feared of transplants when the graft rejects the patient. It's been ", "There are numerous  clinical trials . Going on for people with alzheimer's disease. And the drugs and interventions that are testing these  clinical trials . Are really quite diverse. So there are therapies understudy. That relate to neuro transmitters ", "There are numerous clinical trials . Going on for people with alzheimer's disease. And the drugs and interventions that are testing these clinical trials . Are really quite diverse. So there are therapies understudy. That relate to neuro transmitters in the brain chemicals that are involved in ", "this. It's called qsymia. It's available today. In  clinical trials  it helped users drop 10% of their body weight. It could is, until she tried qsymia. In one year, as part of a  clinical trial , she dropped 50 pounds. I went from a size 14 into a size ", "hearing a lot about this. It's called qsymia. It's available today. In clinical trials it helped users drop 10% of their body weight. It could be an effective tool to fight obesity. But they warn, it's ", "that it's six years battling metastatic melanoma. Five  clinical trials  a six to 15% chance of survival and hope nearing zero I recapture hope. Because the results were so promising the  clinical trial  for this drug was stopped early. So researchers need more ", "been all about that it's six years battling -- metastatic melanoma. Five clinical trials a six to 15% chance of survival and hope nearing zero I had no other options. This -- that Vinci try to ", "cancer this for her two positive tumors only. It is in  clinical trials  now may be available next year but the data released at doctor before absolutely and see if you're eligible for a  clinical trial  right now that's where this drug is available and keep ", 'breast cancer this for her two positive tumors only. It is in clinical trials now may be available next year but the data released at this conference Josh showed. Women who took this drug had a ', 'made this up again this. Is the first  clinical trials  I was the first. Woman to legally not FDA approved. Right yes but this  clinical trial  that I started. After completion groundbreaking stem cell surgery. The  clinical trial  is not complete but there are promising ', "in many worries you made this up again this. Is the first clinical trials I was the first. Woman to legally we wrote her breast using stem cells it's called cell assisted -- transfer. Fat is some -- the stomach half as harvested for stem cells which is then added to the other half and he injected into the -- Suzanne says twelve years ago a lumpectomy and radiation left to press -- -- There's two issues here one is -- surgery which there are elements which are still not FDA approved. Right yes but this clinical trial that I started. After completion. Will make this subject to being FDA approved and paid for by insurance but there are risks ", "Now to what could be a major breakthrough in the fight against cancer. We're very excited about this. In a  clinical trial  patients' own immune cells were altered to fight a deadly form of leukemia. One patient is said to be cancer-free after ", "in the fight against cancer. We're very excited about this. In a clinical trial patients' own immune cells were altered to fight a deadly form of leukemia. One patient is said to be cancer-free after just ", "comes from underneath trying. One sources. He's been if you show that's one thing. The second thing is that these are  clinical trial . That may have trial is the highest level of evidence so the connection he's not an association on connection. East ", "you show that's one thing. The second thing is that these are clinical trial . That may have trial is the highest level of evidence so the connection he's not an association on -- -- -- connection. ", 'pioneers in a bold new  clinical trial  designed to fight this cutting edge  clinical trial  that is testing Internet looking for  clinical trials  to get into she found remember this is a  clinical trial  at the very earliest ', "-- had. So Sherry got to work scouring the Internet looking for clinical trials to get into she found Georgetown. We're hoping to delay the onset or stop the progression -- five years ten years twenty ", 'studied it. In the  clinical trials  that they submitted Has already started  clinical trials  in people age fifty Swanson asks us about  clinical trials  and only two to 3 ever participated  clinical trial  a lot of people mistakenly ', "be the majority of people in home -- studied it. In the clinical trials that they submitted to the FDA. For approval but she's right because of the one million cases of shingles in the United ", 'The good news is that America -- the manufacture. Has already started clinical trials in people age fifty to 59. That they hope to submit to the FDA. To change that in a year. Limits -- ', "reason I really like this question. Is because Swanson asks us about clinical trials and only two to 3% of all cancer patients have ever participated clinical trial a lot of people mistakenly think that they don't wanna be in clinical trial . Because it only -- tests -- treatment vs a placebo. And cancer patients do not want to risk getting a policy. I'd ", 'Ozzie is heading up the US  clinical trials  and and Philadelphia. To take are fourteen people in the  clinical trial  here. Right now the suit made said fourteen people on the  clinical trials  they hope to get through the ', "be taken. Doctor ElBaradei West -- Ozzie is heading up the US clinical trials and -- -- and Philadelphia. To take something that it's irreversible. Like a spinal cord injury. -- allow someone to function again. That that to me is just a major step. There are fourteen people in the clinical trial here. Right now the suit made by Israeli company -- medical can only be -- in the last the only. And the ", 'difference in her life right now we said fourteen people on the clinical trials they hope to get -- through the FDA. This year which means it could be available by next year by the end ', "is this. You might find yourself seeing right now that a  clinical trial . Ends up. As a civil trial. They're just about everywhere with us that advertising claims are truthful independent  clinical trials  we showed the to obesity expert doctor Lewis a Roni. I ", "And I agree with us that -- advertising claims are truthful independent clinical trials we showed the -- to obesity expert doctor Lewis a Roni. I think the Weight Watchers has a point we can't compare ", "spokesperson for Jenny Craig and we're talking about a major  clinical trial  here. And in this controversial ad she says that clinical better than the world's largest diet company an independent  clinical trials  Jenny Craig clients lost on average over twice as much weight ", "well -- spokesperson for Jenny Craig and we're talking about a major clinical trial here. And in this controversial ad she says that clinical studies prove that Jenny Craig works better than the world's largest diet company an independent clinical trials Jenny Craig clients lost on average over twice as much weight as those on the largest -- program which turns out. He's ", "spokesperson for Jenny crank and we're talking about a major  clinical trial  here. And in this controversial she says that clinical better than the world's largest diet company an independent  clinical trials  Jenny Craig clients lost on average over twice as much weight ", "well amounts spokesperson for Jenny crank and we're talking about a major clinical trial here. And in this controversial -- she says that clinical studies prove that Jenny Craig works better than the world's largest diet company an independent clinical trials Jenny Craig clients lost on average over twice as much weight as those on the largest us program which turns out. He's ", "of the nurses' health study which is not a prospective  clinical trial  trial but a questionnaire study. 4000. American nurses rectal cancer. Now of course we have to do prospective  clinical trials  before we start recommending this to everyone. I think ", "of colon rectal cancer. Now of course we have to do prospective clinical trials before we start recommending this to everyone. I think it's a good question for women who -- breast cancer survivors to now ", 'in Philadelphia. May have to cancel his federally funded  clinical trial  for a promising new cancer drug every minute we wait. the National Institutes of Health will be forced to stop seven new  clinical trials  for involving children. Next week. And stop admitting ', 'Comas and oncologists in Philadelphia. May have to cancel his federally funded clinical trial for a promising new cancer drug every minute we wait. -- the opportunity for patients and you know this new treatment is better -- -- their survival doctors at the National Institutes of Health will be forced to stop seven new clinical trials for involving children. Next week. And stop admitting new patients at 640 ongoing trials sixty of them involving children with cancer. As ', "thousands of similar images both malignant and benign. In the  clinical trial  of over 15100 patients the device detected over in 98 skin. And find life threatening lesions. What's more in  clinical trials  find reduced unnecessary biopsies 90%. A huge benefit ", "images to thousands of similar images both malignant and benign. In the clinical trial of over 15100 patients the device detected over in 98%. Of the -- moments. And that's significantly better than even the best dermatologists. The same pattern recognition software that allows assembly to zoom in and identify enemy targets is now used to hone in on the skin. And find life threatening lesions. What's more in clinical trials -- find reduced unnecessary biopsies 90%. A huge benefit for patients like -- hunt who's already had melanoma. Anything that would be ", "testing yourself. I did I got my DNA tested to become part of  clinical trials . To do these kinds of things just to show that you don't only slow the symptoms of patients like Jerry who's in a  clinical trial . But he and Karen both hope the government will provide ", "yourself. I did I got my DNA tested to become part of clinical trials . To do these kinds of things just to show that you don't have to sit that there is a -- -- -- "]