["in the morning on gma. We move on to the  stomach bug  now sickening 285 people across 11 states, sending 18 people to the hospital. What's puzzling health official system how this ", "in the morning on gma. We move on to the stomach bug now sickening 285 people across 11 states, sending 18 people to the hospital. What's puzzling health official system how this illness found ", "ode to girls who don't wear makeup. Go figure. Mystery  Stomach Bug  Sickens People in 8 States A mystery stomach parasite sickened cramps and other symptoms normally associated with a viral  stomach bug , is common in tropical regions like Latin America, but isn't ", 'in seven states have now been sickened with an unidentified  stomach bug . The Food and Drug Administration is investigating the cyclospora imported fresh produce in the past. It causes diarrhea and other  flu -like symptoms. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ', "cramps and other symptoms normally associated with a viral  stomach bug , is common in tropical regions like Latin America, but isn't New York City. It's curable. Cyclospora can seem like a  stomach bug , but instead of going away within a few days, it hangs around ", 'than 200 people in at least four states have come down with a  stomach bug  that could be linked to foodborne illness. The Centers for Control says the cyclospora infection causing diarrhea and other  flu -like symptoms has been reported in Iowa, Nebraska, Texas ', 'Control and Prevention have confirmed that the virus, discovered in 2009 when it landed two Missouri men in hospital with  flu -like symptoms, is spread by the tiny insects. The virus is rare, though, carried by 10 of some 56,428 ticks studied parasite that destroys red blood cells, causing anemia. Symptoms of the parasitic infection, known as babesiosis, include  fever , muscle cramps and headaches. In 2011, about 1,100 cases were reported to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ', 'several drugs in its arsenal for prophylactic (preventive) treatment of malaria, a mosquito-borne disease that causes  fever , chills and  flu -like illness that, if left untreated, can cause death. An estimated 219 million cases of malaria occurred worldwide and ', 'statement added there were no plans to restrict travel or increase screenings. The virus is related to SARS, which killed some 800 people in a global outbreak in 2003. It belongs to a family of viruses that most often cause the  common cold .', "lessen the likelihood they'll get a chronic disease. CHS-run clinics, says Clark, treat such acute conditions as a  runny nose ; but more importantly, they detect and address the onset of chronic conditions--hypertension, obesity, diabetes. Chronic ", 'deaths on Sunday, bringing to 38 the number of deadly cases in the kingdom. The new virus is related to SARS, which killed some 800 people in a global outbreak in 2003. It belongs to a family of viruses that most often cause the  common cold .', "of Medical Virology reported that  cold and flu  viruses can survive for 18 hours on you're 100 times more likely to catch a  cold  when you're airborne, according months had one-third fewer days of  cold  symptoms. (See what other supplements ", 'to the Middle East should tell their doctors if they develop  flu -like symptoms so they can be isolated and treated. "Our wildlife. If you travel to the Middle East and develop any  flu  like symptoms ( fever , chills, muscle aches) tell your doctor where you have been ', 'close contact with sick people. In addition avoid contact with wildlife. If you travel to the Middle East and develop any  flu  like symptoms ( fever , chills, muscle aches) tell your doctor where you have been so you can be tested. The CDC is working with health departments ', "Now, to that mysterious  stomach bug  that's been spreading. The cdc says it's spreading and affecting people in eight states right now. Sickening more than 250 ", "Now, to that mysterious stomach bug that's been spreading. The cdc says it's spreading and affecting people in eight states right now. Sickening more than 250 and sending ", "in the morning on gma. We move on to the  stomach bug  now sickening 285 people across 11 states, sending 18 people to the hospital. What's puzzling health official system how this ", "in the morning on gma. We move on to the stomach bug now sickening 285 people across 11 states, sending 18 people to the hospital. What's puzzling health official system how this illness found ", 'not the case. A  cold  has mild symptoms usually do not have  fever  the low 10001. You have  runny nose cough  up but moll. And different than the  flu  which most often Fit with the  flu  and here you have that while the  flu . Can cause half ', "Type of respiratory illness and that truly. Is not the case. A cold has mild symptoms usually do not have fever -- the -- -- low -- 10001. You have runny nose cough up but moll. And you don't usually have through your body aches and you can usually continued daily routine functions. This is markedly different than the flu which most often occurs in the timeframe between November and march. Incursion ways so that you went who's in their community there are lots of people. Fit with the flu and here you have high fevers usually above 102 for three to four days. Do you have respiratory symptoms sometimes you have also vomiting and diarrhea. And you feel terrible. Your body aches and you really it's very hard to continue daily routine. Those of the most common differences from one thing to me where it. Is that while the flu . Can cause half of patients and death that is not true. Of the common -- ", "the winter  cold and flu  season here with the  flu  the is definitely about real  flu influenza  you're have the  flu  and you have  fever  you stay about the  common cold  because I with the  stomach bug  I mean who antibiotics and  strep throat  very contagious get your  flu shot  and cover ", "didn't call in sick for seven -- days. We'll with the winter cold and flu season here a lot of us under the weather got us thinking how do you know when it's -- to Collins set ", "peak for the  cold and flu  season the caused by  influenza  a virus itself than the  common cold . They're cause the  common cold  which tends be more.  congestion runny nose  the symptoms caused by  influenza  virus last seasonal  flu  strain tends anyone has a  fever  of one of ", "This time of the year is the peak for the cold and flu season the kids are heading back to school left a holiday break that surrounded by their friends. And fortunately they're surrounded by a lot of germs so the question is what can parents do -- here to talk about some ways to prevent. The school the sick days released lower than anyway. Doctor Jamie -- happy new year to year units while this is invaluable information that parents are gonna need out there so basically what is that it between the cold in the from. -- want a critical things that people need to understand -- left and right everybody always says I have the flu and most of the time that's completely fallacy. The flu is confirmed by a swap in a doctor's office and it's caused by influenza a virus itself apparently couple strains of that it's much more severe than the common cold . They're over a 110 plus different -- of viruses that cause the common cold which tends to be much less severe but they -- through winter seasons small small children. Tend to get six to ten infections from inter on average system get sixteen some get four. But the cold would be more. -- congestion runny nose the symptoms can linger for up to two weeks. The flu tends to be it's caused by influenza virus last year we H1N1 virus right right that was most harmful. Last season to those rattle accident pregnant the typical seasonal flu strain tends to -- most very young and the burial so. Lots of different types of the -- infections abound in the winter months. Unfortunately as to what can we do that to prevent the spreading of these germs well. Our non the most superiors saying its hand washing the friction of hand clashing in its the best thing that you can do in a season if you think of washing your hands wash -- hands. If you know someone actively sick trying not to be around this people. In particular if anyone has a fever of one of one -- -- that's. A fever and during the time at your fever is when your most infectious to other people which can be very tough because you know people wanted to do you want the daily that want to keep going right -- keep going to school whatever. You're also putting your fellow co workers in other students at risk and I know it's a very controversial I would say you should be 24 hours fever free before -- return to work. Certainly if with a child they could be safely the entire winter seasons there was some ", "questions on the  cold and flu . Echinacea prevents a  common cold  illness or We'll get a  flu shot . Traditionally we've given  influenza  vaccines How does a  flu shot  work and injectable  flu  vaccine causes below grade  fever  we cannot little mild  runny nose  and sometimes useful for  common cold  illnesses ", "to some leading medical experts say cancer in common questions on the cold and flu . Echinacea help prevent a cold . There's really no good evidence that echinacea either prevents a common cold illness or has any effect on the severity of symptoms or duration of symptoms once you have the illness. There have been a number of studies of echinacea. Some of purported to show some modest benefit. However I think the weight of the evidence is that as echinacea has no benefit either on incidents of illness or severity of bills. When should keep. We'll get a flu shot . Traditionally we've given influenza vaccines during very tight period of time in October and November each year mostly because we're trying to focus on high risk groups. We strongly encourage everybody to start getting influenza vaccine as soon as it's available in their market. Little children in particular since they require two doses of the vaccine in their first year receiving it really need to get started as soon as possible. Most communities should have influenza vaccine starting to become available in September and certainly by October almost everyone should have access to the vaccine. Should everyone get a flu vaccine. In the United States we've traditionally given vaccine for influenza . To high risk groups and that it gradually changed our policy. Two groups that are at highest risk of being attacked by influenza being young children. We gradually seeing expansion and so over the coming years we're going to try and immunize more and more people. Currently we would recommend that anybody who's interested in preventing themselves or their family members from catching influenza . To get immunized we want. Much of the attention to go into those high risk groups the elderly the very young and people with chronic medical conditions. The really everybody should consider getting themselves vaccinated against influenza . How does a flu shot work and what are the side effects. There -- actually two different types of influenza vaccines. One is an injectable and activated vaccine in the otherwise and nasal spray. Both of them basically act in the same manner. They both stimulate the immune system in a way that it thinks it's had an influenza infection before. So that when you come into contact with influenza viruses you're immune system is able to defended. And keep you from getting -- The side effects are actually quite mild injectable flu vaccine causes some local pain at the site of injection. And because the immune system is being a little stimulated some people do have some mild -- in -- below grade fever we cannot get the actual disease influenza from the vaccine. The nasal influenza vaccine is spurt that was -- in the nose and some people have a little mild runny nose and sometimes a little scratchy throat really nothing more than that. We'll zinc helped prevent a cold air -- is. A supplement that was advertised as being useful for common cold illnesses that really never had any data. To support that -- ", "name suggests.  Influenza  among birds spray that is a  flu  vaccine. It's but weekend  flu  viruses and immunity to the  flu  virus. The running analyst  cough . Some people aches or even  fever  you cannot get avoid getting a  cold  from a sick tougher for the  common cold  the most important ", "you that leading medical experts answering common questions on colds and the flu something very common there's time of the year. We gathered these videos from our health section on the website let's take a look at the first question. What is Byrd -- Bird flu is as the name suggests. Influenza among birds and particularly among poultry. Chickens geese etc. And also we can get in two wild birds can be transmitted over a long distances because the birds fly long distance when they. -- As far as -- you and me on a daily basis we don't really have to worry about bird flu stay alert read the newspapers. He needn't be concerned. Cannot get bird flu from eating chicken for example that's something you needn't be concerned about. What is a nasal spray flu vaccine. Flint is saying nasal spray that is a flu vaccine. It's actually made up. Live but weekend flu viruses and I your body to develop immunity to the flu virus. The most common side effects are sort threat running analyst cough . Some people can develop muscle aches or even fever you cannot get the -- you from -- messed. Can I avoid getting a cold from a sick family member or co worker. We'll tougher for the common cold the most important thing you can do is to wash your hands -- you yourself have. -- -- of the members in the family -- and they should -- and also when you're coughing or sneezing you should cover. You're face with the either on your hands or your elbow. Or prom queen actually there. And pictures are great again. Another very important thing you can do for the flu -- you can get vaccinated. Actually most years. Is about seventy to 80% effective in preventing the flu . And is now recommending that from the CDC that all children six months to eighteen years of age. Get a flu vaccine every year and that all harmless to dolce. Adults for instance without. Or heart disease get the flu vaccine also everyone older than 65 -- -- -- prescription medicine to prevent the -- Well let's start out with a column called the Rondo prescription medicines that you can -- to prevent or treat the common cold . As far as killing me actual viruses. Now that is different from from the there's a prescription medicine. Mean Tamiflu. That is effective against both. You point a sharing and going to be strange of the move. You can use it to prevent the flu especially when you know there's a case in the household or somebody. In close contact -- and you can also use it to treat the flu . But you have to livestock medicine within 48. Hours of onset of your symptoms. We'll certain foods prevent a cold . One of the best things that natural perception changes have been used that people for a long time his vitamin C. Vitamin "]