["And with that. As being content has had no idea of being. Now he. Welcome back to what's the buzz Stephanie sigh in New York the whole Larry is series and New Adventures of Old Christine is headed into syndication and we're so happy to have to start the joining us Emmy award winning actress Julie", "comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock.  Julia Louis - Dreyfus . The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for reality competition program. The ", "Lena Dunham -- girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus . The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for reality competition program. The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing With The ", 'respect. No respect. Reporter: Just look at the tv show "veep." Did the president call? No. No. Reporter:  Julia louis - dreyfus  plays a v.P. With almost nothing to do. Reporter: It\'s not a new phenomenon. The very first veep dramatized ', 'at the tv show "veep." Did the president call? No. No. Reporter: Julia louis-dreyfus plays a v.P. With almost nothing to do. Reporter: It\'s not a new phenomenon. The very first veep dramatized on the hbo ', "claire danes, jon stewart, and actually, a woman under one of the better acceptance speeches in recent memory.  Julia louis - dreyfus . Take a look. How does it feel? Well, to say it's overwhelming, it is overwhelming. Amy and I planned ", "a woman under one of the better acceptance speeches in recent memory. Julia louis-dreyfus . Take a look. How does it feel? Well, to say it's overwhelming, it is overwhelming. Amy and I planned this bit together. ", 'homeland" pose a threat? Will bryan cranston crank up a new win? Or will damian lewis break his tweak. Will  julia louis - dreyfus  sweep in or will amy poehler final win? The supporting actor in a drama category is dominated with newbies ', 'up a new win? Or will damian lewis break his tweak. Will julia louis-dreyfus sweep in or will amy poehler final win? The supporting actor in a drama category is dominated with newbies. But maybe the ', "kimmel is promising the bst prever pulled. That's a tease. That's a really good tease. Did you really tell  julia louis - dreyfus  that she had lipstick on her teeth? You have to help a girl out. And she is one of my faves. She's great ", "That's a tease. That's a really good tease. Did you really tell julia louis-dreyfus that she had lipstick on her teeth? You have to help a girl out. And she is one of my faves. She's ", 'poehler is going to win for "parks and rec," even though her show is not nominated elsewhere. You can see  julia louis - dreyfus  for "veep." If you had to pick one, who do you think will take it home? Reporter: I think it\'s ed o\'neill\'s ', 'rec," even though her show is not nominated elsewhere. You can see julia louis-dreyfus for "veep." If you had to pick one, who do you think will take it home? Reporter: I think it\'s ed o\'neill\'s ', 'something. If I wanted to say something, I would say it. Then say it. I said it. Even with the addition of  julia - louis dreyfus  "seinfeld" was still not a hit, not until the sixth season did it become number one. Time-out! No one could ', 'it. Then say it. I said it. Even with the addition of julia - louis dreyfus "seinfeld" was still not a hit, not until the sixth season did it become number one. Time-out! No one could have predicted ', "president is a loan market center or who need Eddie Murphy Alex. That's right Michael J. Fox turning fifty and  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  to. It could the president of too little faster than those Hollywood faces it's not special effects researchers ", "need Eddie Murphy Alex. That's right Michael J. Fox turning fifty and Julia Louis-Dreyfus to. It could -- the president of -- too little faster than those Hollywood faces it's not special effects researchers say it's ", 'exciting. Nominees for a lead actress in a comedy series. Zooey deschanel, lena dunham. Edie falco. Tina fay.  Julia louis - dreyfus . melissa McCarthy. And amy poehler. Alec baldwin, 30 rock. Don cheadle, house of lies. Louis c.K ', 'in a comedy series. Zooey deschanel, lena dunham. Edie falco. Tina fay. Julia louis-dreyfus . melissa McCarthy. And amy poehler. Alec baldwin, 30 rock. Don cheadle, house of lies. Louis c.K., Louis. Jon cryer, "two and half ', 'studded launch celebrities video chatting from around the world giving demos of the latest social venue. month  Julia Louis - Dreyfus . And Alicia all took part of the connecting with their FaceBook friends to chat and share videos. You must be ', 'world giving demos of the latest social venue. -- -- -- month Julia Louis-Dreyfus . And Alicia -- all took part of the -- connecting with their FaceBook friends to chat and share videos. You must be ', "funny man team but in effect yeah exactly it's cameo I think that I absolutely I ask is why stop with our. Get  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  signed would be great. I have let's talk about at best picture for the first time ever there ten nominee the ", "think that I absolutely I ask is why stop with our. Get Julia Louis-Dreyfus signed -- would be great. I have let's talk about at best picture for the first time ever there -- ten nominee ", "felt. I will reunite next fall on the HBO show Curb Your Enthusiasm. It's the first time Jerry's called.  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  Jason Alexander and Michael Richards of appeared together since their show went off the air eleven years ago in ", "HBO show Curb Your Enthusiasm. It's the first time Jerry's -- called. Julia Louis-Dreyfus Jason Alexander and Michael Richards of appeared together since their show went off the air eleven years ago in eleven years now. ", "I will reunite next fall on the HBO show Curb Your Enthusiasm. It's the first time Jerry signed called.  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  Jason Alexander and Michael Richards of appeared together since their show went off the air eleven years ago in ", "HBO show Curb Your Enthusiasm. It's the first time Jerry signed called. Julia Louis-Dreyfus Jason Alexander and Michael Richards of appeared together since their show went off the air eleven years ago in eleven years from ", 'actors and a comedy series are. Christina Applegate Samantha here. And half a rat Ugly Betty. Tina Fey 30 Rock.  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  the New Adventures of Old Christine. And Mary Louise Parker means. Well Kristen completely announcements by ', 'here. And -- half a rat Ugly Betty. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus the New Adventures of Old Christine. And Mary Louise Parker means. Well Kristen -- completely announcements by bringing back John schaeffler to ']