["The Emmy winner tells Peter Travers what's on deck for Season 3 of the hit show.", "hardliner could care less. OK. Thank you Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers this popcorn and today's guest is  Julianna Margulies  the rest new winner. A best lead actress in drama theories but the good. and big ever get that they got it right ", "Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers this -- popcorn and today's guest is Julianna Margulies the rest new winner. A best lead actress in drama theories but the good. -- and big -- ever get that they ", "I know he's entered the library. But the time code. I'm not traffic shows that the driver of your car was running a red light just outside to escapes the exact moment of the interface telling. That means that the driver of your car if that is you. Couldn't have been involved in rallies I to", 'was Hollywood fashion runway. Lawrence and wound into your kids who are Claire Danes dazzled in her side she in  Julianna Margulies  signs really of The big colors black and white and In a whole lot at the in half and they Salma Hayek and Jodie ', 'your kids who are Claire Danes dazzled in her side she in Julianna Margulies signs really of -- The -- big colors black and white and -- In a whole lot at the -- in half ', "Pierce Brosnan Discusses Career, Sarah Jessica Parker and New Movie 'I Don't Know How She Does It'", "Actually it was not a I suppose the one that comes to mind is a film called Evelyn. As I produce. Numbered years ago  Julianna Margulies  who stars who directed it and it's true story based on an irishman. for his children it's. A delightful film ", "film called Evelyn. As -- -- I produce. Numbered years ago -- Julianna Margulies who stars who directed it and it's true story based on an irishman. -- for his children it's. A delightful film it ", "stipulation are in lead actress in a drama and you've got Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates  Julianna Margulies . Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely love the good life with love I'm Juliana ", "drama and you've got Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates Julianna Margulies . Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely love the good life with love I'm Juliana margulies Affleck ", "that's what was not about it. How bad it mad men won best drama fourth in a row but the brother and that's a good  Julianna Margulies  Kyle Chandler for the now canceled Friday Night Lights. For modern family's Julie Bowen Ty Burrell who wondered ", "-- in a row but the brother and that's a good -- Julianna Margulies Kyle Chandler for the now canceled Friday Night Lights. For modern family's Julie Bowen Ty Burrell who wondered whether they -- -- ", "really pops you know that. Why I through the pictures that kind of quickly my favorite and and least favorite people  Julianna Margulies  I thought looked super hot she's on my favorite actresses of all time and she won publisher she won the Emmy as ", "that kind of -- quickly my favorite and and least favorite people Julianna Margulies I thought looked super hot she's on my favorite actresses of all time and she won publisher she won the Emmy as ", "kathy bates, harry's law. Glenn close, damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey.  Julianna margulies , the good wife. And elizabeth moss, mad men. For lead actor in a drama series, the nom niece are, hugh bonneville ", "harry's law. Glenn close, damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies , the good wife. And elizabeth moss, mad men. For lead actor in a drama series, the nom niece are, hugh bonneville, downton ", 'winner. Not that I have a favorite but so many for the import, downton abbey. But not the good wife. Though  julianna margulies  won last year. Speaking of favorites, louis c.K. Being nominated for an underrated series. A lot more coming ', 'many for the import, downton abbey. But not the good wife. Though julianna margulies won last year. Speaking of favorites, louis c.K. Being nominated for an underrated series. A lot more coming up. Jimmy kimmel nominated. ', "Harry's law. Connie Britton Friday Night Lights. the killing. targets say law and order special victims unit.  Julianna Margulies  the good wife and Elisabeth Moss mad men. For lead actor in a drama series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk ", '-- the killing. -- targets say law and order special victims unit. Julianna Margulies the good wife and Elisabeth Moss mad men. For lead actor in a drama series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle ', "so I'm East Coast girls always have been so it's a dream job and the cast is marvelous of course she led by  Julianna Margulies  yes fantastic About I know that there is a romance brewing but there's a political difference between your I don't ", "-- -- and the cast is marvelous of course she led by Julianna Margulies yes fantastic -- About I know that there is a romance brewing but there's -- a political difference between your I don't ", 'damages Connie Britton of Friday Night Lights again.  Julianna Margulies  of the good wife. Mariska Hargitay and law and these apps have been you know denominator before a  Julianna Margulies  dobbs is the new one with the good wife and I think ', "closer Glenn Close of damages Connie Britton of Friday Night Lights again. Julianna Margulies of the good wife. Mariska Hargitay and law and order special victims unit and January Jones of mad men. She keeps getting nominated yet -- -- all these apps have been you know denominator before a Julianna Margulies dobbs is the new one with the good wife and I think she's got a good shot to take it like -- ", 'I would go Jon they had a great season are outstanding lead actress in drama series Glenn Close Connie Britton.  Julianna Margulies  park a day and January Jones backed that Matt and what do you think there. You know again on the go with a little ', 'lead actress in -- drama series -- -- Glenn Close Connie Britton. Julianna Margulies -- park a day and January Jones backed that Matt and what do you think there. You know again on the go ', "nearly as you have any come Oscar time absolutely wonderful we'll talk about the small screen really really.  Julianna Margulies  won for best actress in a TV drama for her role in the good wife yes that's not not a surprise now she is a break ", "time absolutely wonderful -- we'll talk about the small screen really really. Julianna Margulies won for best actress in a TV drama for her role in the good wife yes that's not not a surprise now "]