['The House of Representatives approved a Senate-passed bill late Tuesday night to avert some of the effects of the fiscal cliff, including painful spending cuts and s...', 'Brittney Saks, US Personal Financial Services leader for PwC, on how the fiscal cliff is impacting estate and retirement planning.', 'The election results were clear, but the path forward is not. With Washington moving on with essentially the same trilateral team that froze fiscal policy for the la...', 'With just hours to go before the U.S. falls off the so-called "fiscal cliff," Republicans and Democrats remained divided over taxes and spending, raising the prospec...', 'As the year ends, uncertainty surrounds taxes. Many tax laws are scheduled to expire at the end of the year, and the temporary tax cuts that felt so permanent may be...', 'The Senate passed a bill early Tuesday aimed at averting the effects of the fiscal cliff after marathon year-end negotiations.The vote, which passed by a margin of 8...', '"I have seen Americans making great and sincere sacrifices for the key common good and a hundred times I have noticed that, when needs be, they almost always gave ea...', 'Rep. Devin Nunes, (R-Calif.), on efforts to reach a deal to avoid the fiscal cliff.', 'It\'s said the only constant in life is change, and that\'s definitely the case with taxes. That was made very clear during the tax debates associated with the "fiscal...', 'Sharp U.S. tax increases and government spending cuts will take effect in January unless Congress and President Barack Obama can agree on a package of deficit reduct...', 'As the fiscal cliff looms only days away, Senate leaders rushed to assemble a last-ditch agreement to avoid middle-class tax increases and possibly delay steep spend...', 'Dear Tax Talk, My husband and I are in our early to mid-70s. We have two children with special needs who are not self-sufficient. We have about $620,000 in a defined...', 'Living on the EdgeIn a few weeks, tax laws U.S. taxpayers have enjoyed for more than a decade are scheduled to expire. Along with long-standing and historically low ...', 'It was a rough ride on Capitol Hill to come up with the fiscal cliff deal, but there is good news for consumers: the uncertainty over what taxes will look like for t...', 'The House of Representatives approved a Senate-passed bill late Tuesday night to avert some of the effects of the fiscal cliff, including painful spending cuts sched...']