['like being members of a Save the Last Dance/Step Up/Honey dance crew, in zip-off cargo pants, bandanas, and  Julia Stiles  corn-rows. And all for a good cause, too. Ourselves.', 'to be a victim in anything." Michael C. Hall and  Julia Stiles  With the finale of "Dexter" came Michael C. Hall\'s until 2006. Now come rumors that Hall has eyes for  Julia Stiles , who starred as Dexter\'s partner in crime and romance ', 'Shelley Hack Could now be played by: Claire Danes,  Julia Stiles , Kerry Washington Tiffany Welles embodies class to actress to pull off that pedigree. Claire Danes and  Julia Stiles  can read modern interpretations of Shakespeare ("Romeo ', 'movie "10 Things I Hate About You." In that breakthrough role, Ledger played a young rebel suitor to his co-star  Julia Stiles . Ledger was said to be uncomfortable with playing the heartthrob, and in fact turned down work for nearly a year before ', 'is the selection of a Hollywood A-list that includes Ben Affleck, Oliver Stone, Matt Damon, Naomi Wolf, and  Julia Stiles , per ABC\'s Lindsey Ellerson. The Washington Times\' Jerry Seper has more on Clinton White House documents: "Hillary ', "ABC News' Lindsey Ellerson Reports: Ben Affleck, Oliver Stone, Matt Damon, Naomi Wolf,  Julia Stiles  and other eye-grabbing celebrities joined together with the progressive group MoveOn.org to select the newest entry into Barack ", 'Starring: Matt Damon,  Julia Stiles , Joan Allen, David Strathairn, Paddy Considine, Edgar Ramirez 93," "The Bourne Supremacy") joins returning cast members  Julia Stiles  and Joan Allen and new additions David Strathairn, Paddy Considine ', "Clinton's launching pad for a 2008 presidential run or not. LINK And there are supportive quotes from PJ Soles,  Julia Stiles , and Jennifer Aniston. Or, rather, PJ Crowley, Julia Payne, and Jennifer Palmieri. The Vito Fossella fueled Hillary ", 'Iowa, Leo DiCaprio in New Hampshire, Al Franken and  Julia Stiles  in Pennsylvania (a MoveOn rally) and, in Ohio, Paul ticket, Flint, MI 5:00 pm: Al Franken, actress  Julia Stiles , and other entertainers hold a MoveOn.org rally at ', 'found out," Donaldson recalled. Prince Frederik\'s life story not only fed the tabloids, it\'s the story behind  Julia Stiles \' recent Hollywood film, The Prince and Me. To appreciate the unusual match of Prince Frederik and Donaldson, you ', "the talent overcomes the technology, so round up the kids for some great family fun. Grade: B-. The Prince and Me  Julia Stiles  is a no-nonsense pre-med student with no time for boys until she meets the prince. And here's the switch: He ", 'were mere Girls\' Schools, where our best and brightest young women went to get an "MRS" degree. In a real movie,  Julia Stiles  would go to law school and fight for women\'s rights. She doesn\'t. This is a script without drama. The editor ', 'weekend\'s other new release, Lions Gate\'s controversial "O" a teen retelling of Shakespeare\'s Othello starring  Julia Stiles  and Mekhi Phifer debuted at just 1,434 theaters and took in $6.9 million to finish as the weekend\'s seventh-highest ', 'It\'s great to have  julia stiles  with us on the "gma" set. She seems to be everywhere right now. On tv this sunday, the premiere of "the makeover." Thanks ', 'It\'s great to have julia stiles with us on the "gma" set. She seems to be everywhere right now. On tv this sunday, the premiere of "the makeover." ', "were swirling this week. That  Julia Stiles  played a role in the split what well there weren't Rumors that  Julia Stiles  is the reason for Michael C. Hall absolutely not true and if you know  Julia Stiles  she's very very. Keeps under ", "hall and Jennifer carpenter I mean rumors were swirling this week. That Julia Stiles played a role in the split what you tell us about as well there weren't -- Rumors that Julia Stiles is the reason for Michael C. Hall split but she actually came out today publicly and -- those rumors -- absolutely not true and if you know Julia Stiles she's very very. Keeps under the radar and so is it really big deal for her to come out. 1990s allegations but. ", "of Joseph origin and in all his there. You know ocean's 1112 and thirteen start that this really just him out and  Julia Stiles  I actually just start a movie with gospel hill. It's great in this movie I love again. You know she's not the ", "1112 and thirteen start that this really just -- him out and Julia Stiles I actually just start a movie with -- gospel hill. It's great in this movie I love -- again. You know she's "]