['Sir Ben Kingsley discusses the inspiration behind his performance of the Mandarin in hit film.', "the rest of the I'm you how that situation happened banking easily and by the and he is terrific and I love you sir  Ben Kingsley  and Iron Man three opens Peter yeah. I recommend its fiftieth anniversary of Weight Watchers it is the tried and true ", 'by the -- and he is terrific and I love you sir Ben Kingsley and Iron Man three opens Peter yeah. I recommend -- its fiftieth anniversary of Weight Watchers it is the tried and true ', "princess's. Leon Harris and lady there's for everybody aren't Gary but you also had two mastery British accent yes sir  Ben Kingsley  said you actually get it fantastically well that's an honor yes. I did work very hard on that I know scrutinizing ", "aren't Gary but you also had two mastery British accent yes sir Ben Kingsley said you actually get it fantastically well that's an honor yes. I did work very hard on that I know -- scrutinizing ", "where they smell things they say. When they say nothing at all Well let's talk about this this new it's in the us  Ben Kingsley . you know because it and they definitely does and step dad. And asked him. Yes yes. It was a really fun dynamic ", "this this new -- it's in the -- -- -- us -- Ben Kingsley . -- you know because it and they definitely does and -- -- step dad. And asked him. Yes yes. It was a ", "are aren't afraid to read make themselves and try on different kind of try on different characters in People like  Ben Kingsley  in Woody Harrelson and Angela Mortimer especially in the end you know they are willing to sit take chances are the kind ", 'on different kind of try on different characters in -- People like Ben Kingsley in Woody Harrelson and Angela Mortimer especially in the end you know they are willing to sit take chances are the kind ', "shocked. As we were just in the middle of an interview with that two of the young actors here who in the movie with  Ben Kingsley  with the there'll be. Great you know best friend in you know it's one of them and just hectic the other and we ", "two of the young actors here who -- in the movie with Ben Kingsley -- -- with the there'll be. Great you know best friend in you know it's one of them and just hectic the ", "Rudy Giuliani period in which I again a young man. Who is a dealer in pot. Goes to a psychotherapist played by sir  Ben Kingsley  and it gets is if there He for free but for giving us the shrink Cut and that's the basic plot the romance that happens ", "is a dealer in pot. Goes to a psychotherapist played by sir Ben Kingsley and it gets is if there He -- for free but for giving us the shrink -- Cut and that's the basic "]