['September and have been together for more than two years. Those in attendance included "Modern Family" co-star  Julie Bowen  and "So You Think You Can Dance\'s" Cat Deeley. See The Top 8 Moments of the Royal Wedding Howie Mandel\'s daughter ', 'was nominated again as best supporting actress in a drama for "Downton Abbey," which has brought her two trophies.  Julie Bowen  is up for supporting actress in a comedy for "Modern Family." However, Eric Stonestreet, who claimed the supporting ', 'Mayim Bialik, "The Big Bang Theory," CBS; Jane Lynch, "Glee," FOX; Sofia Vergara, "Modern Family," ABC;  Julie Bowen , "Modern Family," ABC; Merritt Wever, "Nurse Jackie," Showtime; Jane Krakowski, "30 Rock," NBC; Anna Chlumsky ', 'Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series Mayim Bialik, The Big Bang Theory Jane Lynch, Glee Sofia Vergara, Modern Family  Julie Bowen , Modern Family Merritt Wever, Nurse Jackie Jane Krakowski, 30 Rock Anna Chlumsky, Veep Outstanding Drama Series ', 'Celebrities anticipated what jokes President Obama would tell this year. Last year, "the president crushed it", actress  Julie Bowen  said. "Scandal" creator Shonda Rhimes wondered about the president\'s tone. "It\'s been a tough couple weeks ', "White House Correspondents' Dinner: Stars, Politicians, Journalists Convene for 'Nerd Prom'", 'will be in attendance at the event, which is affectionally referred to as the "Nerd Prom." "Modern Family" stars  Julie Bowen , Ty Burrell, Eric Stonestreet and Sofia Vergara will also be sitting at the ABC table, along with"Nashville" stars ', 'trapped in a crowded elevator for nearly an hour on their way to headline a fundraiser in Kansas City, Mo. Actors  Julie Bowen , Eric Stonestreet, and Jesse Tyler Ferguson were among the 15 stuck in an elevator on the third floor of the Sheraton ', 'who led a survey of 1,643 parents with food-allergic children. CLICK HERE to read about "Modern Family" star  Julie Bowen \'s food allergy nightmare. Respondents estimated that having to change or leave jobs, take part-time work, or ', 'worse than your child going through anaphylaxis and thinking, \'Is my son going to die?\'" Click here to read how  Julie Bowen \'s son nearly died from an allergic reaction. David went into anaphylactic shock during Tsai\'s father-in-law\'s ', 'Julie Bowen  of "Modern Family." Paul A. Hebert/Getty Images. What are the odds allergens at the same time? It happened to " Modern Family " actress  Julie Bowen \'s son. He was stung by a bee - at the same time he was eating a peanut ', 'kids love each other. It\'s been like a dream. I get along with Julie, I love Julie." At the Emmys on Sept. 23,  Julie Bowen , who plays Claire on the ABC hit, won the award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, beating Vergara ', "hard despite losing in the best-supporting-actress category to her co-star, and Burrell's on-screen wife,  Julie Bowen . Bowen, a repeat winner, paid tribute to Vergara in her acceptance speech, something Burrell said is true to form ", 'the third straight year and awards for directing, supporting actor for Eric Stonestreet , and supporting actress for  Julie Bowen . PHOTOS: The Good, Bad and Ugly Fashions at the Emmys "I\'m sort of beside myself and I feel a tiny bit guilty ', 'I love saying this. Two-time emmy winner,  julie bowen  is with us. Big win on sunday night. For our friend. So glad to dress. Talk about something else very important to you. Everybody,  julie bowen , when we', 'I love saying this. Two-time emmy winner, julie bowen is with us. Big win on sunday night. For our friend. So glad to have you. There you are. There I am. ', 'about the dress. Talk about something else very important to you. Everybody, julie bowen , when we ', "There's  julie bowen  joining us on the couch. How does it feel? To be on the couch? Not everything. And it turns out I didn't. I find that hard to believe,  julie bowen . We love having you on the couch. Will you come back again? Yes ", "There's julie bowen joining us on the couch. How does it feel? To be on the couch? Not bad. Somebody just warned me that one ", "And it turns out I didn't. I find that hard to believe, julie bowen . We love having you on the couch. Will you come back again? Yes. This is very comfortable. This cushion is comfortable. We ", "Julie bell and is best known for her role in ABC's Emmy winning hit comedy modern family. But now she's drawing attention to a serious matter the Influenza kills thousands of people year in the US and that's why she's teaming up with the faces of influenza campaign. To raise awareness of the flu", 'night. Including none other than "modern family\'s"  julie bowen  and eric stonestreet who took home two of the four statues night, and boy were the stars talking tab afterwards.  Julie bowen  in the house, everybody. Congratulations. Thank you ', 'the biggest stars of the night. Including none other than "modern family\'s" julie bowen and eric stonestreet who took home two of the four statues that the country\'s comedies took home again. It was "modern family\'s" night, and boy were the stars talking tab afterwards. Julie bowen in the house, everybody. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Thank you. You\'re giddy? I really am. I\'m sort of beside myself. I ', "that the tests. You've learned a little bit about yourself. Where are my manners Ty Burrell thank you very much  Julie Bowen  is so good to be here in your Minnesota's big Yeah that's been having go back long Bill Clinton Sarah Rico. Ariel ", "about yourself. Where are my manners Ty Burrell thank you very much Julie Bowen is so good to be here in your -- Minnesota's big -- Yeah that's been having go back -- long -- Bill ", "script writers. It's the cast of tv's hottest show trapped up side a kan city elevator. Get us out. Reporter:  Julie bowen , eric stonestr stonestreet, and jesseyler ferguson were there for a charity event and got stuck in an el variety ", 'show trapped up side a kan city elevator. Get us out. Reporter: Julie bowen , eric stonestr stonestreet, and jesseyler ferguson were there for a charity event and got stuck in an el variety. Hay snapped photos, ']