["the site. Any birthday dot cops. Here's a good explanation to babies born today were most likely conceived on New Year's G among the famous people celebrating birthdays today Jesse Eisenberg Kate Winslet Mario LeMieux and  Karen Allen .", 'famous people celebrating birthdays today Jesse Eisenberg Kate Winslet Mario LeMieux and Karen Allen . ', "district I've been on a booster club now that the Garrett Gilbert high with three years for baseball and one year for.  Karen Allen  never had a had to worry about it a crew I just. I think our whole team is The booster club paid almost 500 dollars ", 'Garrett Gilbert high with three years for baseball and one year for. Karen Allen never had a had to worry about it -- a crew -- -- -- I just. I think our whole team is ', "it's how long have you I think we met him that night. you top dog paying. what. What they have that was so special.  Karen Allen  and Ricky in my opinion they aren't the best baseball team in the world. Doing freestyle. Because this woman that ", "top dog paying. -- what. What they have that was so special. Karen Allen and Ricky in my opinion they aren't the best baseball team in the world. Doing freestyle. Because this woman that America's got ", "traditional way of living by the trounced. The coming at the went eased that. Cattle others lifeblood of these people people who have nothing else it'll take a whole generation to rebuild their lives.  Karen Allen  BBC news which northern Kenya.", "have nothing else it'll take a whole generation to rebuild their lives. Karen Allen BBC news which -- northern Kenya. ", "the two young actors Jeffrey ignorant. just spectacular. And I it was also an opportunity for me to do picture with  Karen Allen  An actor and actress I've for a long time she plays alive. She just the fact that she plays the wife really wrote ", "I it was also an opportunity for me to do picture with Karen Allen -- An actor and actress I've -- for a long time she plays alive. She just the fact that she plays the ", "million toothpicks. I'm 45 gallons of glue no mean feat I've considered a work of art. And patience. And time and  Karen Allen  and creating and our contacts in Atlanta. It's been three decades since then love for toothpick building began and ", "I've considered a work of art. And -- patience. And time and Karen Allen and -- creating and our contacts in Atlanta. It's been three decades since then -- love for toothpick building began and for ", "million toothpicks. And 45 gallons of glue no mean feat I've considered a work of art. And patience. And time and  Karen Allen  and creating and I can't accept that It's been three decades since love for toothpick building began and for now ", "I've considered a work of art. And -- patience. And time and Karen Allen and creating and I can't accept that -- It's been three decades since -- love for toothpick building began and for now ", "deal it's the best actor nomination that happens alien and everything what are your memories of that. Working with  Karen Allen  wonderful experience to her and playing that part you know a lot of these awards and stuff. Really so much on the role ", 'happens alien and everything what are your memories of that. Working with Karen Allen wonderful experience to her and -- playing that part you know a lot of these awards and stuff. Really -- so much ', "if you want. athletes. our our all of those that So we wouldn't let it definitely yes I'm here in accidentally  Karen Allen  elevated. That it had gotten there is an act. Of oil wondered that. Had to come up with here it is just that many ", "-- So we wouldn't let it definitely yes I'm here in accidentally Karen Allen -- elevated. That it had gotten there is an act. Of oil wondered -- that. Had to come up with here it ", "released back into their natural habitat the BBC's  Karen Allen  as It's something that's. At tonight's eclipse without. Hope is that 2000 followed. In the decades ahead  Karen Allen  BBC needs something About placement of the monitor with ", "those animals are being released back into their natural habitat the BBC's Karen Allen as -- It's something that's. At tonight's eclipse the it's tough to get under way. And this is the told me to. ", 'and without. Hope is that 2000 -- followed. In the decades ahead Karen Allen BBC needs something -- About placement of the monitor with the kind of violent cross. I guess they did drew little hole ', "help reduce stress. that this is really interesting  Karen Allen  and it in New York University did these tests about stress pressure in the answer to both of those is true. Again Al  Karen Allen  did this research with New York city's stock grosses ", 'and cats can help reduce stress. -- that this is really interesting Karen Allen and it in New York University did these tests about stress and she did it with. She did it with people and ', "in the answer to both of those is true. Again -- Al Karen Allen did this research with New York city's stock grosses but brokers with hypertension. If she found out when she matched them with ", 'Who with whom hands some relationship. And that includes. Sean Connery is the father Richard explains a lot. And  Karen Allen  back again. The original. Damsel knocked in distress. Who who is has the same relationship with she did do thirty ', 'that includes. Sean Connery is the father Richard explains a lot. And Karen Allen -- back again. The original. Damsel knocked in distress. Who who -- is -- has the same relationship with -- she did ']