['This week on "Popcorn with Peter Travers," Peter names the best and worst movies of the year so far!', 'Robin roberts and -- the lovely  kate hudson . You\'re right about that, sam, sees her taking on delighted. Please welcome, the beautiful, the talented,  kate hudson  here to "good morning america." Thank you. You had ', 'Robin roberts and -- the lovely kate hudson . You\'re right about that, sam, sees her taking on an emotionally-charged role. She plays a grieves artist who embarks in a relationship with a young pakistani man just before the september 11th attacks. The story chronicles the impact it has on their relationship and their lives. We are delighted. Please welcome, the beautiful, the talented, kate hudson here to "good morning america." Thank you. You had a late night? I had a late night. Whoa. I had a late ', "allowed yeah yeah yeah that's around back up the other skillet coming out and saying some pretty nasty thing Novak  Kate Hudson  top honor. The bill Hudson has penned a scandalous tell all called two versions the other side of fame and family ", 'the other skillet coming out and saying some pretty nasty thing Novak Kate Hudson top honor. The bill Hudson has penned a scandalous tell all called two versions the other side of fame and family. And ', 'So as the baby of groups say. I mean why do I mean I obviously there read Iraq and wrong the same we off San wing. But if I was to put a moment to let this many felt like for me. It was that all of this work and all of all of the routing and everybody was doing for each other all the support in all', 'New photo that came out of  Kate Hudson  who is of course pregnant. this house pregnant she is that apparently she was drinking some time this is course and a lot of us ', 'New photo that came out of Kate Hudson who is of course pregnant. -- this house pregnant she is that apparently she was drinking some time this is course and ', "Hudson the golden locks have landed her in trouble the fool's gold starlet is being sued over a hair care line she created with her celebrity stylist. The eco friendly collection features a unique ingredient volcanic ash. But according to the it's so unique they're suing the actress and her", "I'm having lunch with today. I don't know. How they Lance Armstrong not. sucked so much a good work but that. The invention that. Yes well we room is about you in Lansing which kept him to conform them. I I suspect. who's been on the show next week high chance eyewitness. All guy is the I can't", "issues are I don't know. I have. I just do it that you and keep teasing about it backstage not. Of the adorable  Kate Hudson  was on the last week we asked her about you she got my dignity and and that wonderful smile and she says. I don't ", 'and -- keep teasing about it backstage -- not. Of the adorable Kate Hudson was on the -- last week we asked her about you she got my dignity and and that wonderful smile and she ', 'group, "reluctant fundamentalist." Yesterday, we had  kate hudson . And today, we have riz ahmed. Thank you for going relationships, with jim cross, his boss. And with  kate hudson . What a prize. You placate hudson\'s -- I didn\'t ', 'movie that tackles terrorism and its group, "reluctant fundamentalist." Yesterday, we had kate hudson . And today, we have riz ahmed. Thank you for going coatless. I was thinking. It\'s a fascinating story. You play a character, ', "does that through his relationships, with jim cross, his boss. And with kate hudson . What a prize. You placate hudson's -- I didn't get to take the prize home, though. It was amazing working with kate. ", 'His prowess on the field often overshadowed by his prowess off those blue eyes charming the likes of Cameron Diaz  Kate Hudson . Even Madonna. As Red Sox fans gleefully mocked. But now it could all be falling apart. Rodriguez is facing new ', 'his prowess off those blue eyes charming the likes of Cameron Diaz Kate Hudson . Even Madonna. As Red Sox fans gleefully mocked. But now it could all be falling apart. Rodriguez is facing new accusations of ', '6 million. His prowess on the field often overshadowed by his prowess off. Those ng the likes of cameron diaz,  kate hudson , even madonna, as red sox fans gleefully mocked. But now, it could all be falling apart. Rodriguez is facing new ', 'overshadowed by his prowess off. Those ng the likes of cameron diaz, kate hudson , even madonna, as red sox fans gleefully mocked. But now, it could all be falling apart. Rodriguez is facing new accusations of ', "and are making money is part of it but it's nice to get that out of a closet all right how about Chris Robinson and  Kate Hudson . This this is one of those sort of announcements because it seem like. They were line. Now poor kids. Had success ", 'of a closet -- -- all right how about Chris Robinson and Kate Hudson . This this is one of those sort of -- announcements because it seem like. They were -- line. Now -- poor kids. ', "talent doesn't fall far from the tree. Take these famous parents and their now-famous offspring. Goldie hawn and  kate hudson . Martin sheen and his two sons. And this oscar-winning father/daughter duo. Even though anja is ready for her ", 'tree. Take these famous parents and their now-famous offspring. Goldie hawn and kate hudson . Martin sheen and his two sons. And this oscar-winning father/daughter duo. Even though anja is ready for her close-up, her mom wants ', 'several lifetimes in Hollywood they never married but they have raised four kids together. Among them movie star daughter  Kate Hudson  you know its interest I interviewed your beautiful daughter she seems to be so comfortable in her. scan machines gift ', 'but they have raised four kids together. Among them movie star daughter Kate Hudson you know its interest I interviewed your beautiful daughter she seems to be so comfortable in her. -- scan machines gift from ', "laughing somewhere to thank you guys So behind accidentally. Maybe. Divulged that her daughters actually got Mary  Kate Hudson  News in British rocker what's his name Matt Matt Bellamy said they reportedly got engaged. April they had a baby ", "So -- behind accidentally. Maybe. Divulged that her daughters actually got Mary Kate Hudson -- News in British rocker what's his name Matt Matt Bellamy said they reportedly got engaged. -- April they had a baby ", "girl. Other first time mommy is included Penelope Cruz Christine Applegate and While Victoria and Jessica Alba and  Kate Hudson  added to their growing roots and there's even more high profile bundles of joy on the way in 2012. Jennifer Garner ", "Cruz Christine Applegate and -- While Victoria -- and Jessica Alba and Kate Hudson added to their growing roots and there's even more high profile bundles of joy on the way in 2012. Jennifer Garner Jessica ", 'definitely the Sports Illustrated. Swimsuit model and  Kate Hudson  were both you know mom but low and I think you know Jimmy from CNN. But yes and of course her daughter was there  Kate Hudson . Yeah a second had to credit fashion yet yes the land ', 'town I think definitely -- -- the Sports Illustrated. Swimsuit model and Kate Hudson were both you know mom but -- low and I think you know Jimmy Kimmel made a joke at her expense you ', 'from CNN. But yes -- and of course her daughter was there Kate Hudson . Yeah a second had to -- credit -- fashion yet yes the land there or is a mob around her as she ', "Kate Hudson  and yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez are enjoying sunny Southern California and each other. A couple of Hudson's five year old ", "Kate Hudson and yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez are enjoying sunny Southern California and each other. A couple of Hudson's five year old spent some ", 'expected actress we want to talk about  Kate Hudson  now. A having some trouble with true she and is now we know that  Kate Hudson  has had some a lot of romantic upset about this because we love  Kate Hudson  in touch weekly and we only want ', "High Court. Now there's another expected actress we want to talk about Kate Hudson now. A -- -- having some trouble with her rocker boyfriend is that true she and is now we know that Kate Hudson has had some a lot of romantic issues in the past she's pregnant now. We can -- front men's Matthew felonies BD. ", 'child and of course were very upset about this because we love Kate Hudson -- in touch weekly and we only want the best for her but it looks like she may have picked the wrong ', "yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I miss seeing a lot of stars wearing me everyone's problem they're almost there is love  Kate Hudson  and other. fastest since day Josh Josh Kelly yeah exactly why not only fashionable really on point but also how you ", "lot of stars wearing me everyone's problem they're almost there is love Kate Hudson and other. -- fastest since day Josh Josh Kelly yeah exactly why not only fashionable really on point but also how -- "]