['NATO says three members of the Afghan national security forces have been killed in an attack at Bagram Air Field, a sprawling U.S. base north of Kabul.The coalition ...', "NATO commander orders probe of 'improper' disposal of large number of Islamic religious materials from air base ", 'More than 2,000 angry Afghans rallied Tuesday against the inadvertent burning of Korans and other Islamic religious materials during trash disposal at an American ai...', 'Obama pledge to transfer Guantanamo Bay detainees sparks diplomatic maneuvering for detainees', "President Barack Obama's renewed push to close the Guantanamo Bay prison for terrorism suspects has given a glimmer of hope to foreign governments that he will fulfi...", 'Seen from a tiny village on a recent moonless night, the sprawling U.S. base three miles to the north looks more like a medium-size city than a military facility in ...', 'Seen from a tiny village on a recent moonless night, the sprawling U.S. base three miles to the north looks more like a medium-size city than a military facility in ...', 'Joint probe indicates Taliban not involved in Afghanistan  crash of cargo plane that killed 7', 'A joint U.S.-Afghan investigation into the crash of a civilian cargo jet in Afghanistan that killed seven Americans has ruled out insurgent involvement, but the exac...', 'KABUL, Afghanistan -- Militants set off a car bomb and stormed the entrance to a major NATO air base in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday, authorities said. Eight ins...', 'Hours after peace talks announcement, Taliban claim responsibility for attack that killed 4 American troops', 'Hours after announcing the opening of an office in Qatar for peace talks with U.S. and Afghan representatives, the Taliban claimed responsibility for a rocket attack...', 'A Mauritanian official says that the United States has transferred one of its prisoners held in Afghanistan to Mauritania.A Mauritanian security source, who insisted...', 'A suicide bomber killed at least two civilians and wounded four others in an attack near an American military base outside Kabul, police said, the latest violence li...', 'US cancels prison transfer ceremony in Afghanistan  after deal fell apart in final hours', 'The long-awaited transfer of the U.S. detention center in Afghanistan has been delayed once again as a deal struck between the two governments broke down the day bef...', 'As of Wednesday, April 17, 2013, at least 2,070 members of the U.S. military had died in Afghanistan as a result of the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan in late 2001...', 'U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said he believes U.S. officials will be able to work things out with Afghan leaders who have ordered special operations forces out...', "Amin al-Bakri holds a get-out-of-jail card from a detainee review board but so far it's been useless to the former Yemeni gem salesman, who has been locked up at the...", "Insurgents launch ground assault against NATO's main base in southern Afghanistan ", '8 militants killed in fighting at airport outside Jalalabad in eastern Afghanistan ', "The U.S. military's top general met with American, coalition and local officials in Afghanistan on Monday to try to stop a wave of lethal attacks by Afghan soldiers ...", "The U.S. military's top general was meeting with senior officials in Afghanistan on Monday to attempt to stop the recent wave of attacks by Afghan soldiers and polic...", 'Afghan Taliban claim they killed 4 US troops in attack just hours after peace talks announced', 'The Taliban have claimed responsibility for an attack in Afghanistan that killed four U.S. troops just hours after the insurgent group announced it would hold talks ...']