["Juju Chang and Gary Wynn report:  Jane Fonda  has been famous her whole life daughter: Mary Williams. MORE:  Jane Fonda  in 'Prime Time': Actress Opens Fonda, 75, said. RELATED:  Jane Fonda  Not Amused by Seth MacFarlane's 'Boobs ", '(Jeffrey Mayer/Getty Images) Seth MacFarlane received mixed reviews after hosting the Oscars and actress  Jane Fonda  counts herself as one of those who was not particularly impressed, especially with the "Family Guy" creator\'s "We Saw Your ', 'their daily 45-minute "length is strength" routine that emphasizes all the assistive muscles in the legs. Think  Jane Fonda \'s floor moves with super intensity. The best proof: Sims has not suffered an injury in 15 years of performances ', "Mitt Romney to ABC on Bernanke and Libya, Obama and Allies, An Obama v. Romney Fist Fight Poll?, Let's Print Some Dough! (PM Note)", 'QYhTHK (Elizabeth Hartfield) Oprah Gives Peek at  Jane Fonda  as Nancy Reagan - If you look too quickly, you might herself and "Precious" director Lee Daniels posing with  Jane Fonda , who uncannily resembles Nancy Reagan during her White ', 'Oprah tweeted photo of herself with  Jane Fonda  as Nancy Reagan (Image credit: Twitter/@Oprahwinfrey herself and "Precious" director Lee Daniels posing with  Jane Fonda , who uncannily resembles Nancy Reagan during her White ', 'audience to participate. It\'s a feeling process Winfrey, now on location in New Orleans filming "The Bulter" with  Jane Fonda  and Forest Whitaker, says the show, which promises to "pull back the curtain" on people\'s lives, has the signature ', 'Sunset Strip." It stars Jeff Daniels, Emily Mortimer, Dev Patel and Sam Waterston. And in her first major TV role,  Jane Fonda  will appear as Leona Lansing, CEO of ACN\'s parent company. Though Fonda was once married to CNN honcho Ted Turner ', 'Mexico during the revolution. The book became a U.S. bestseller and was made into a movie starring Gregory Peck and  Jane Fonda . But it was with his earlier novels that Fuentes made his most profound mark on world literature. His bold experimentation ', "how the steamy novels were created and how her life has changed. Celebrity Sex: Gwyneth Paltrow, Sarah Silverman,  Jane Fonda  and many other high profile female celebrities are discussing sex in a graphic way you've never heard before. But ", "a home in Beverly Hills. The Lifetime series will feature candid one-on-ones with female stars like Lady Gaga,  Jane Fonda , and Gwyneth Paltrow. In an interview with Harper's Bazaar , Moore and De Cadenet said the refrain of the show is ", "black and white photos. The show will run from March 1 to April 21, 2012. Diana Ross ? 1981 Gianni Versace ? 1980  Jane Fonda  ? 1982 O.J. Simpson ? 1977 Arnold Schwarzenegger ?1977 Ryan O'Neal ? 1971 Tatum O'Neal ? 1986 Muhammad Ali ? Undated ", 'product." In another ruling today, the ASA rejected complaints that a L\'Oreal moisturizer ad featuring film legend  Jane Fonda  had been "significantly modified." Fonda, 74, who has appeared in an ad for L\'Oreal Paris Age Re-Perfect Pro ', 'For two years, the Republican speaker denied any wrongdoing. Famous Birthdays 1926 Joe Paterno 1935 Phil Donahue 1937  Jane Fonda  1948 Samuel L. Jackson 1957 Ray Romano 1965 Andy Dick 1966 Kiefer Sutherland 1978 Mike Vitar 1981 Frankie Abernathy ', "their own biology. But super star  Jane Fonda  shows us that some of the most inspiring you know all there is to know about  Jane Fonda . You may be wrong in addition to has a very private story. This is  Jane Fonda 's other daughter the never officially ", "built their families -- more than their own biology. But super star Jane Fonda shows us that some of the most inspiring story -- the ones we've never hurt. ABC's juju Chang reports. The. She's Hollywood ", "but if you think you know all there is to know about Jane Fonda . You may be wrong in addition to her two biological children it turns out. The woman whose lives so much for life in public has a very private story. This is Jane Fonda's other daughter -- the never officially adopted. Her name is Mary Williams. Last time we walked as a first time market since ", 'Jane Fonda  was on Larry King He will always wonder how she looks so good because after all she is like 72. Well we found out that despite ', 'Jane Fonda was on Larry King He will always wonder how she looks so good because after all she is like 72. Well we ', "public What do you do for your next act that's where  Jane Fonda  says she is in her life. of her third act these legendary advocate. And the faster sometimes controversial activist.  Jane Fonda  has been ingrained in popular culture for more than fifteen ", "public -- What do you do for your next act that's where Jane Fonda says she is in her life. -- of her third act these legendary actress. As a new book out it is designed to get you ready for an amazing act three of her -- she's gonna tell us all about it in just a moment but first we thought we take a look back. At the first two -- of life. Academy Award winning actress. Fitness advocate. And the faster -- sometimes controversial activist. Jane Fonda has been ingrained in popular culture for more than fifteen years. A daughter of screen legend Henry Fonda He has paid her ", "Jane Fonda  has been a fixture in American life more than fifteen years often controversial Academy Award winner on regrets. Forgiveness. And learning to This is what  Jane Fonda  calls her prime time we caught up with third in New Mexico ranch. It's ", "Jane Fonda has been a fixture in American life more than fifteen years often controversial but never doll. -- has written a new book out tomorrow called prime time. Which she -- deep down into her own life at 73 and why she believes she's happier now than she's ever bent. Tonight the two time Academy Award winner on regrets. Forgiveness. And learning to -- This is what Jane Fonda calls her prime time we caught up with third in New Mexico ranch. It's hard to believe she's now 73. But not ", "Jane Fonda  Says She's 'Happiest' She's Ever Been, Discusses New Book, 'Primetime'", "Prime time love health sex fitness friendships making the most of all your life up there on the Jumbotron. It's gonna hit shelves tomorrow. And respond to insist that it's always good to spend some time teaching thank you stop and think he's he's again so you say this is that happy if you've ever", 'Actress says she is now more recognized for "Monster-in-Law" than earlier films.']