['Jane Fonda  was on Larry King He will always wonder how she looks so good because after all she is like 72. Well we found out that despite ', 'Jane Fonda was on Larry King He will always wonder how she looks so good because after all she is like 72. Well we ', "public What do you do for your next act that's where  Jane Fonda  says she is in her life. of her third act these legendary advocate. And the faster sometimes controversial activist.  Jane Fonda  has been ingrained in popular culture for more than fifteen ", "public -- What do you do for your next act that's where Jane Fonda says she is in her life. -- of her third act these legendary actress. As a new book out it is designed to get you ready for an amazing act three of her -- she's gonna tell us all about it in just a moment but first we thought we take a look back. At the first two -- of life. Academy Award winning actress. Fitness advocate. And the faster -- sometimes controversial activist. Jane Fonda has been ingrained in popular culture for more than fifteen years. A daughter of screen legend Henry Fonda He has paid her ", "Jane Fonda  has been a fixture in American life more than fifteen years often controversial Academy Award winner on regrets. Forgiveness. And learning to This is what  Jane Fonda  calls her prime time we caught up with third in New Mexico ranch. It's ", "Jane Fonda has been a fixture in American life more than fifteen years often controversial but never doll. -- has written a new book out tomorrow called prime time. Which she -- deep down into her own life at 73 and why she believes she's happier now than she's ever bent. Tonight the two time Academy Award winner on regrets. Forgiveness. And learning to -- This is what Jane Fonda calls her prime time we caught up with third in New Mexico ranch. It's hard to believe she's now 73. But not ", "Jane Fonda  Says She's 'Happiest' She's Ever Been, Discusses New Book, 'Primetime'", "Prime time love health sex fitness friendships making the most of all your life up there on the Jumbotron. It's gonna hit shelves tomorrow. And respond to insist that it's always good to spend some time teaching thank you stop and think he's he's again so you say this is that happy if you've ever", 'Actress says she is now more recognized for "Monster-in-Law" than earlier films.', "It's appropriate that we have fitness a legend.  Jane Fonda  joining us live from Los Angeles not only is it a two time Oscar winner she's a woman behind a a Who's made a a household word ", "It's appropriate that we have fitness a legend. Jane Fonda joining us live from Los Angeles not only is it a two time Oscar winner she's a woman behind a -- a ", 'president might have, for instance, taken out  jane fonda . No one will ever forget  jane fonda  swiveling around in north vietnamese armored going to just drop a drone hellfire missile on  jane fonda . To somehow allege or infer that the president ', "about the possibility that a president might have, for instance, taken out jane fonda . No one will ever forget jane fonda swiveling around in north vietnamese armored guns and it was despicable. That's one thing if you want to try her for treason but are you going to just drop a drone hellfire missile on jane fonda . To somehow allege or infer that the president of the united states is going to kill somebody like jane fonda or someone who disagrees with the policies is a stretch of imagination, which is, frankly, ridiculous. Senator johnson, we also saw senator ", "We turn to  jane fonda 's adopted daughter, a daughter we think you know all there is to know about  jane fonda  you're wrong. In addition to her two where -- is it an overstatement to say  jane fonda  saved your life. It is not an overstatement ", 'We turn to jane fonda\'s adopted daughter, a daughter we didn\'t know about. Mary williams is telling her story in lo"the last dauger" and finding success on ', "But if you think you know all there is to know about jane fonda you're wrong. In addition to her two biological children she has another daughter, mary williams. Last time we walked was the first ", "humor. I found out where -- is it an overstatement to say jane fonda saved your life. It is not an overstatement at all. She doesn't know how amazing she has been and what she has ", "ancestor to the iPhone. Just his power Precursor to a call of duty and the other elaborate video games today. Sure  Jane Fonda 's work out looked dated today it's the ultimate ninety day home fitness program but Next three decades from now ", "call of duty and the other elaborate video games -- today. Sure Jane Fonda's work out -- looked dated today it's the ultimate ninety day home fitness program but -- Next three decades from now. The ", "whole new kind of leading loved the. I'm glad that will. Quickly want to show the picture which is not by the way it  Jane Fonda . And now she is delaying dvds for people who worked at you know older. This is called AMP and got there she is from ", 'the picture which is not -- -- -- by the way it Jane Fonda . And now she is delaying dvds for people who worked at you know older. This is called AMP and -- got there ', "ancestor to the iPhone. Just as Pacman. Precursor to a call of duty and the other elaborate video games of today. Sure  Jane Fonda 's work out dated today it's the ultimate ninety day home fitness program but so. Next three decades from now. The ", "call of duty and the other elaborate video games of today. Sure Jane Fonda's work out -- -- dated today it's the ultimate ninety day home fitness program but so. Next three decades from now. The ", 'Under current US policy. Mr. Paul mused on the floor  Jane Fonda . Could have been legally killed by hellfire missile that the United States is gonna kill somebody. Like  Jane Fonda  or someone who disagrees with the policies. As it is ', 'Miranda rights. Under current US policy. Mr. Paul mused on the floor Jane Fonda . Could have been legally killed by -- hellfire missile. During her tour of Communist Hanoi. In 1970 choose. So what is it ', 'for error that the -- United States is gonna kill somebody. Like Jane Fonda or someone who disagrees with the policies. As it is a stretch of imagination. Which is frankly. Ridiculous. This. President. Is not ', "speech on the senate floor, with cameo references to  jane fonda 's anti-war activites. That's one thing if you treason, but to just drop a drone, hellfire missile, on  jane fonda ? Reporter: And a senator talking for almost 13 hours ", "all-out talk-till-you-drop protest speech on the senate floor, with cameo references to jane fonda's anti-war activites. That's one thing if you want to try her for treason, but to just drop a drone, hellfire missile, on jane fonda ? Reporter: And a senator talking for almost 13 hours straight without sitting down or even taking a bathroom break. His only sustenance, ", "protest speech on the senate floor. With Kim references to  Jane Fonda 's anti war days that's what on a Trier for treason pretty images drop but. A drone hellfire missile on  Jane Fonda . And a senator talking for almost thirteen hours straight ", "trust protest speech on the senate floor. With Kim -- references to Jane Fonda's anti war days that's what -- -- on a Trier for treason pretty images drop but. A drone hellfire missile on Jane Fonda . And a senator talking for almost thirteen hours straight down without sitting or even taking a bathroom break it's only real sustenance ", 'This movie called "the butler," you\'re working on.  Jane fonda  as nancy reagan. And allen rickman, on ronald reagan And last night, we had the white house scene with  jane fonda  as nancy reagan. So, I was up late last night. We ', 'some fantastic photos, oprah. This movie called "the butler," you\'re working on. Jane fonda as nancy reagan. And allen rickman, on ronald reagan. I\'m excited. You\'re going to bring people inside one of the most historic ', "It's wonderful. And last night, we had the white house scene with jane fonda as nancy reagan. So, I was up late last night. We love that. You look fantastic this morning. Tell us more about ", "eighties to. They're living longer. There are living healthier to have fewer underlying medical problems 73 year old  Jane Fonda  recently sheared her beauty secrets with Nightline's Cynthia McFadden. does have bags around us and up here and I ", "are living healthier to have fewer underlying medical problems 73 year old Jane Fonda recently sheared her beauty secrets with Nightline's Cynthia McFadden. -- does have bags around us and -- up here and I have ", "Marilyn Monroe. She was Capote first choice but but Marilyn turn down part. I don't look among the other possibilities  Jane Fonda  Shirley even Rosemarie Clooney. Hard as it is to imagine anyone but Audrey Hepburn as holly go lightly she's she was ", "but Marilyn turn down part. I don't look among the other possibilities Jane Fonda Shirley -- even Rosemarie Clooney. Hard as it is to imagine anyone but Audrey Hepburn as holly go lightly she's -- she "]