["anchor for his new venture. I'd never been on television before. That night I happened to be having dinner with  Katharine Hepburn  (OK, that's a longer story). I told her I was thrilled that he'd offered me a three-year contract ", 'before. The first Oscar tie came in 1949 in the Best Documentary category, which also had a tie in 1986. In 1969,  Katharine Hepburn  and Barbara Streisand tied for Best Actress for their roles in "The Lion in Winter" and "Funny Girl" respectively ', "boss said it was. Humphrey Bogart's birth date was listed as Dec 25, 1900 even though he was born in 1899. And  Katharine Hepburn  reportedly avoided questions about her age and was known to deduct two years off her real birth date of May 12 ", 'she and Reynolds spend much of the film engaged in the sort of rhythmic banter that was perfected by the likes of  Katharine Hepburn  and Cary Grant in the \'30s and \'40s. "I\'ve never had a dance partner like Sandra Bullock," says Reynolds ', 'recognize them, but they were unlikely to give the award to someone who couldn\'t be there to receive it. He said  Katharine Hepburn  always said that she won the best actress Oscar for "Guess Who\'s Coming to Dinner" because Academy voters really ', 'didn\'t think so. One was a longtime AA member, a poet and a writer and a very beautiful woman who looked a bit like  Katharine Hepburn . She used to say, "I want you to see me before I lose my looks." She still has those looks today. When we met ', 'Photos of celebrities spanning decades and personalities, including Pablo Picasso, Amelia Earhart, Cary Grant,  Katharine Hepburn , Meryl Streep, Miles Davis and Julia Roberts, by superstar photographers from Edward Steichen and Cecil Beaton ', 'with a kind of bills all the way until the very end but I will say she was great and it. Tons of action. I gave  Katharine Hepburn  was thought was a solid movie not her not her best but enjoyable for a four summertime movie so to have to me. You ', 'will say she was great and it. Tons of action. I gave Katharine Hepburn was thought was a solid movie not her not her best but enjoyable for a four summertime movie so -- to have ', 'a hit for celebrities and top policy. Over the decades prominent guests include Rudolph Valentino Spencer Tracy  Katharine Hepburn . and Tennessee Williams to me. And then came the residence in the. him hard hit presidential eat with twelve US ', 'top policy. Over the decades prominent guests include Rudolph Valentino Spencer Tracy Katharine Hepburn . -- and Tennessee Williams to me. And then came the residence in the. -- him hard hit -- presidential eat with twelve ', "professional looking. They're great with pockets we're not seeing the little. Pants anymore it's a little more  Katharine Hepburn  asked. Very classy with a shirt tucked in it looks great for where Harry that's good because I wasn't sure about ", "pockets we're not seeing the little. Pants anymore it's a little more Katharine Hepburn asked. Very classy with a shirt tucked in it looks great for where Harry that's good because I wasn't sure about that ", 'historic year we can out of balance through three. Everything that came with. There was a tie for best actress  Katharine Hepburn  in a Lion in Winter and Barbra Streisand for funny. Ingrid Bergman was presenting the award. Her read everything ', 'three. Everything that came with. There was a tie for best actress Katharine Hepburn in a Lion in Winter and Barbra Streisand for funny. Ingrid Bergman was presenting the award. Her read everything on the card. ', "making its way back as well but I think what's great about the parent is that really flatter all body and it is a  Katharine Hepburn  kind of classical if they can mix obsolete all the classic dressing going until now. Okay and this right here the ", 'parent is that really flatter all body -- and it is a Katharine Hepburn kind of classical if they can mix obsolete all the classic dressing going until now. Okay and this right here -- the ', 'for themselves are grouped the past and three of my favorite women are firstly  Katharine Hepburn  who. It was it is not acceptable to Wear pants before  Katharine Hepburn  she. She essentially created the pantsuit for generations went into the moment ', 'are grouped the past and three of my favorite women are firstly Katharine Hepburn who. It was it is not acceptable to Wear pants before Katharine Hepburn she. She essentially created the pantsuit for generations went into the moment you reference her -- -- I am absolutely an -- ', "will for playing Bob Dylan. She'd be the only actress in the world to win supporting actress Oscars for playing  Katharine Hepburn  and Bob. And before were at a time comedies. exist out there there's one called Dan in real life with Steve was ", "only actress in the world to win supporting actress Oscars for playing Katharine Hepburn and Bob. And before were at a time comedies. -- -- exist out there there's one called Dan in real life with "]