["remembered for the magic touch he displayed with some of Hollywood's leading ladies, including Monroe, Natalie Wood and  Janet Leigh  -- the first of his six wives. Curtis and Leigh had two children, actresses Kelly and Jamie Lee Curtis. Born Bernard ", 'something good can come out of the worst experiences. I got a couple of life-long friends out of Prince Valiant (  Janet Leigh  and the great cameraman Lucien Ballard) and I also got to know Sterling Hayden, who was so much more interesting as ', 'For most of us, the only association we make between a plastic shower curtain and death is the memorable scene with  Janet Leigh  in the shower right before she meets a very bad end in the movie Psycho. However, reports U.S. News and World Report ', "separate herself from her bombshell, screen-goddess mom,  Janet Leigh . Now, with her own reality show debuting on E! May But there's a twist. Unlike Debbie Reynolds and  Janet Leigh , Dina wasn't a major performing force at all, unless ", 'And they\'re walking around able-bodied, and I\'m going, \'Come on, come on. Go for it!\'" Oct. 10, 2004  Janet Leigh  , 77 -- Actress. Rodney Dangerfield , 82 -- Comedian. Jacques Derrida , 74 -- Philosopher, "Father of Deconstruction ', 'science-fiction classic Planet of the Apes and the courtroom drama 12 Angry Men. What makes Psycho worthy of the top spot?  Janet Leigh , the actress slashed to death in the famous shower scene, says it\'s "brilliant editing, and the score and how ', 'the mood to vote. The Manchurian Candidate (1962) Starring: Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Laurence Harvey,  Janet Leigh  Classic political movie of the film noir genre. A brainwashed U.S. soldier unwittingly turns into a presidential ', "kind of a very cool cast here. As well jetted down skeletal hands in his don't look at that amazing resemblance play  Janet Leigh  in the movie on top of that Helen Mirren. Is going to be there as Alfred also Jessica deals and even movie as well ", "don't look at that amazing resemblance -- -- -- -- -- play Janet Leigh in the movie on top of that Helen Mirren. Is going to be there as Alfred -- also Jessica deals and even "]