['irregular heartbeat. That is when doctors discovered that the then 44-year-old man was stricken with familial  dilated cardiomyopathy , an inherited disease that causes heart failure. The family knew then that Kyle would, one day, also likely ', 'that powers her partial artificial heart , and the looming prospect of a heart transplant. Diagnosed with  dilated cardiomyopathy  at age 10, Kyah lived with the slow stretching of her heart until it became too weak to pump. In October ', 'the ABC-owned station in Los Angeles . Paisley Mae was born without a left coronary artery, which caused her to have an  enlarged heart , according to KABC. There is no cure, and she will eventually need a transplant. The night of the Feb. 21 diagnosis ', "disregarded it. That night I was going to go to our school game but decided not to. Gabe died that night on the court of an  enlarged heart . When I found out, it really hurt me. --Marcell Rogers Editor's note: In a phone interview with ABC News, Rogers ", 'waited for a heart transplant, Reuters reported . The Italian baby, whose name has not been released, had  dilated cardiomyopathy  , a disease that stretched the muscular walls of his heart so thin they could no longer contract to pump blood ', 'In January, Cannon was hospitalized with kidney problems . He was also found to have blood clots in his lungs and an  enlarged heart . Because of his condition, he was forced to cut back on his extremely busy schedule and resigned from his daily radio ', 'Got Talent" host found himself back in the hospital again when doctors discovered he had blood clots in his lungs and an  enlarged heart . "My kidneys were in tip-top shape but I started to feel pain again," Cannon said. "And because of my schedule and ', 'revealing he suffered another health setback last week, when doctors discovered he had blood clots in his lungs and an  enlarged heart . "The doctors found blood clots in my lungs and said if I don\'t slow down and stop working so hard then it\'s a wrap ', 'is Not a Better Heart Although having a "big heart" is considered an admirable quality, it isn\'t healthy. Having an  enlarged heart  or overly muscular heart can be dangerous. An average healthy heart weighs less than one pound, and is roughly the size ', 'vessels of the heart, it could cause an  enlarged heart  or torn vessels. Those with Marfan few months later," said Weaver.  Enlarged Heart  and Low Blood Pressure Likely True officials told her bin Laden had an  enlarged heart , and she reported that in her New ', 'be tired anymore," a doctor told her. But she pressed for answers and finally a female doctor diagnosed Burke with an  enlarged heart , which makes for a dangerous irregular heartbeat. After the diagnosis, one doctor suggested she go on Coumadin. It was ', "Fennville, Mich., team played their second game without him on the court Monday. Wes was later found to have had an  enlarged heart , but Sara's cause of death is still unknown. At Eastside High School, students are struggling to make sense of the ", "he died. An autopsy performed Sunday found the cause of Hammerdorfer's death was  cardiomegaly  and biventricular hypertrophy, which means an  enlarged heart  and enlarged ventricles. The Larimer County deputy coroner Kari Jones, however ", "story. Of how he found out he had an  enlarged heart  and how that discovery did not stop abnormal heart. We hear about in his  enlarged heart  but we also know that he has a history the heart will progress. That is an  enlarged heart  we'll get larger over time and subsequently ", "to one man's story. Of how he found out he had an enlarged heart and how that discovery did not stop his love of boxing. -- can -- competitive sports associated big. -- -- -- -- ", "and what is an abnormal heart. We hear about -- in his enlarged heart but we also know that he has a history. As a competitive athlete. And there is a -- -- or range from normal to abnormal. When we talk about enlarged hearts. If left untreated. Abnormal enlargement of the heart will progress. That is an enlarged heart we'll get larger over time and subsequently weaker over time. Lead to this syndrome that we call congestive heart failure. Where patients ", 'medical attention. The specific medications that -- strengthen weak hearts and make enlarged heart smaller again. Include classes of drugs called ace inhibitors or -- tense and receptor blockers. Beta blockers and all -- -- attacked ', "with someone like Bubba Smith being on it is that he's very large man an underlying heart disease. heart disease in an  enlarged heart  his heart was twice the size of my So to put someone like that on a medication like that. Plus he overdosed on it right ", 'large man -- an underlying heart disease. -- heart disease in an enlarged heart his heart was twice the size of my -- So to put someone like that on a medication like that. Plus he ', "I heard about it after step you'd never her efforts have before them. Champions full autopsy shows he at a slightly  enlarged heart . But this diagram included in the autopsy shows contusion marks in tissue damage consistent with the enduring a beating ", 'efforts have before them. Champions full autopsy shows he at a slightly enlarged heart . But this diagram included in the autopsy shows contusion marks in tissue damage consistent with the enduring a beating. A judge has ', "be dealt. In November 12 year old Kristen hicks had a lingering cough and went from her doctor to duke diagnosed with an  enlarged heart . went ten testing. To echo. Which is different look at your heart and won't. And down state I see it. When I first ", "cough and went from her -- doctor to duke diagnosed with an enlarged heart . -- went ten testing. To echo. Which is different look at your heart -- and won't. And down state I see it. ", "bigger and as a hard gets bigger it can't home as effectively. This is a normal about the size of your fist next to an  enlarged heart  you can see from the X rays how big Smiths dot. This is in his heart he's got about three fists or four worth of heart ", "a normal -- about the size of your fist next to an enlarged heart you can see from the X rays how big Smiths dot. This is in his heart he's got about three fists or ", 'in disbelief. Leonard later died at the hospital doctor said it was sudden cardiac arrest due to an  enlarged heart . In an  enlarged heart  the electrical signal can short circuit. Stopping the heart from beating the condition often goes undetected ', 'the hospital doctor said it was sudden cardiac arrest due to an enlarged heart . In an enlarged heart the electrical signal can short circuit. Stopping the heart from beating the condition often goes undetected. Well Lenard suffered from a relatively ', "called for new. The cheering fans fell silent effort to revive him failed. Cause of death. Sudden cardiac arrest due to an  enlarged heart  where the electrical signal can short circuit stopping the heart from beating. It's a condition that often goes unnoticed ", "revive him failed. Cause of death. Sudden cardiac arrest due to an enlarged heart where the electrical signal can short circuit stopping the heart from beating. It's a condition that often goes unnoticed. According to friends "]