['The financial markets need a strong regulator, one that can take decisive action against bad actors. This is good for everyone.', 'It took a terrible recession to teach us an important lesson: Without proper regulation, financial markets can devastate the economy and hurt us all. Congress vowed this would never happen again, so last year it passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. That law created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.', 'The bureau, which officially opens for business July 21, will be empowered to protect the American consumer from unfair, deceptive or abusive practices. As envisioned by Dodd-Frank, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) will:', 'Simplify paperwork and eliminate fine print that hides fees, penalties and other important information', 'In a statement last week, Elizabeth Warren, the Harvard law professor President Obama tapped to create this consumer agency, said the bills are designed to "defund, delay and defang the consumer agency before it can help one family."', 'Consumer groups across the country have launched a full-scale counterattack against the proposals. ', 'Consumer advocates are also taking on the financial institutions that want the CFPB weakened.', 'Source: Prepared Testimony presented to U.S. House Oversight Subcommittee, May 24, 2011 ', 'People are confused. Consumer Reports conducted a national poll about financial services last year. An overwhelming majority (84 percent) of those responding said they had applied for a loan or credit card in the last 12 months and had some difficulty in understanding the terms of what they were signing.', 'The CFPB wants the new standard to be: a simple and straightforward presentation of information that tells people the true cost of financial products and what the risks are.', 'Just last week the agency proposed simplified mortgage disclosure forms. These prototypes are shorter and easier to understand than forms given to potential borrowers now.', 'Warren says a clear and simple disclosure form will help people decide if they can afford the loan and make it easier for them to shop around for a better deal.', 'The CFPB wants consumers and lenders to comment about these disclosure forms on its website.', 'The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau plans to set up a system to accept consumer complaints and publish them on its website. The Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration have similar complaint databases.', 'The CFPB would use this information to answer questions, try to help people solve their problems and use the complaints to take action against those who are not following the law.', '   Want to keep up with the latest on consumer news, follow the  ConsumerMan on Facebook . ']