["Ohio State quarterback Braxton Miller is expected to practice Tuesday when the ninth-ranked Buckeyes start preparing for Saturday's game against Penn State.Miller wa...", "No. 8 Ohio State (6-0, 2-0 Big Ten) at Indiana (2-3, 0-2), 8 p.m. (Big Ten Network)Line: Ohio State by 17.Series Record: Ohio State leads 67-12-5.WHAT'S AT STAKE:Big...", 'Over the past few seasons, the Ohio State Buckeyes have endured plenty of turmoil and turnover.However, against the odds, the program has more than just rebounded, e...', "No. 7 Buckeyes  ties it with late score, take 29-22 win over Purdue on Hyde's 1-yard OT plunge", 'Many in a crowd of 105,290 thought No. 7 Ohio State had no chance of winning after star quarterback Braxton Miller went out with an injury late in the third quarter....', "Braxton Miller ran for 161 yards with a touchdown and threw for a pair of scores, leading 18th-ranked Ohio State to a 56-10 victory over Miami-Ohio in Urban Meyer's ...", "2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: If ever there was a season to forget for Ohio State, it was last year. The Buckeyes' BCS hopes were all but shattered before the season even s...", 'Braxton Miller rushed for a career-high 186 yards and a touchdown on 16 carries and Carlos Hyde added four rushing scores as No. 12 Ohio State downed No. 21 Nebraska...', 'Carlos Hyde runs for 137 yards and 3 TDs as No. 6 Ohio State  rolls over woeful Illinois, 52-22', 'The combination of Carlos Hyde and Braxton Miller was more than enough for No. 6 Ohio State.Hyde rushed for 137 yards and three touchdowns and Miller burnished his H...', 'The eighth-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes put their perfect record on the line once more, as they pay a visit to the struggling Indiana Hoosiers this Saturday for a Big ...', 'The first Big Ten football championship game will be played in December at the home of the Indianapolis Colts .If neither Ohio State nor Michigan is playing at Lucas...', 'Braxton Miller threw a 72-yard touchdown pass to Devin Smith late in the fourth quarter to lift 12th-ranked Ohio State to a 35-28 victory over California.Miller led ...', "Ohio State quarterback Braxton Miller left Saturday's game against Purdue late in the third quarter.Miller was dragged down from behind by Purdue's Josh Johnson afte...", 'Carlos Hyde and Braxton Miller each accounted for three touchdowns as No. 6 Ohio State pounded Illinois, 52-22, Saturday at Ohio Stadium.Hyde rushed for 137 yards an...', 'Braxton Miller ran for three touchdowns and threw for another score, leading 14th-ranked Ohio State to a 31-16 victory over UCF at the Horseshoe.Miller finished with...', 'One of only six unbeaten teams left in the Football Bowl Subdivision, the sixth-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes go in search of their 10th win of the season as they play ...', 'Miller runs for 186 yards, No. 12 Buckeyes  pile up points, big plays to beat Huskers, 63-38', 'Braxton Miller rushed for 186 yards, zig-zagging 72 yards for one score and passing for another, to lead No. 12 Ohio State past No. 21 Nebraska 63-38 on Saturday nig...', 'With just 2 starters missing on offense, Buckeyes  feeling better as they leave spring practice', "The people entrusted with coaching Ohio State's offense are sleeping better this year.A year ago, they were tormented every night by what a debacle they might have o...", 'The Urban Meyer era at Ohio State begins on Saturday when the Miami-Ohio RedHawks travel to Ohio Stadium to take on the Buckeyes in the 2012 season opener for both t...', 'The 16th-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes put the wraps on their season-opening, four-game home stand this Saturday, as they welcome the UAB Blazers to Columbus for the fi...']