['Still perfect with 3 games left, No. 6 Ohio State  still playing for a lot even without a bowl', 'Nine games and as many wins into his first season at Ohio State, Urban Meyer believes his Buckeyes are onto something."This is a special team. They\'re fighting for e...', "Stopping Wisconsin's brawny, effective run game is job one for No. 6 Ohio State's  defense", "Just when Ohio State had become consistent, the Buckeyes reverted to their old form and fell flat.The Buckeyes' three-game winning streak was snapped when Robert Mar...", 'Facing their second straight Mid-American ranked Ohio State Buckeyes entertain the Toledo Rockets this Saturday at the Horseshoe in Columbus.Both teams are 1-0 to st...', 'The sixth-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes can claim the Leaders Division title outright with a win this week over Wisconsin, as the two teams square off in Big Ten Confer...', 'Ohio State true freshman quarterback Braxton Miller will make his first career start under center for the Buckeyes against Colorado on Saturday.In two games thus far...', 'The Ohio State Buckeyes will travel to Champaign this weekend for a Big Ten showdown with the No. 16 Illinois Fighting Illini , who are enjoying their best start sin...', 'Amid changes, sanctions, No. 9 Ohio St and Penn St rolling, play for Leaders Division lead', "The Big Ten won't hand out a championship trophy to the winner of the Ohio State-Penn State game Saturday night, so bragging rights will have to do.The ninth-ranked ...", 'Two of the top teams in the Big Ten Conference square off in Columbus on Saturday night, as No. 21 Nebraska comes calling on No. 12 Ohio State.Nebraska split its fir...', "In the end, the rivalry was all that mattered.Ohio State's season was ending no matter the outcome and Michigan lost its opportunity to play for a Big Ten title on F...", "No. 7 Buckeyes  tie it with late score, take 29-22 win over Purdue on Hyde's 1-yard OT plunge", "The darkest moment for Ohio State and its fans ended up being the brightest highlight of Kenny Guiton's career.With star quarterback Braxton Miller on the way to the...", 'Bye week a time to mend and rest for No. 5 Buckeyes  before tests vs. Wisconsin, Michigan', 'Most will rest. Some will try to heal. Others will try to catch up on classwork or a personal life.A bye week is a time to take a breath for the fifth-ranked Ohio St...', 'Ranked foes in the Big Ten Conference square off in East Lansing this Saturday, as No. 14 Ohio State opens league play against No. 20 Michigan State.So far, so good ...', 'In what could be one of the more intriguing matchups of this bowl slate, the Florida Gators take on the Ohio State Buckeyes in the 2012 Gator Bowl from EverBank Fiel...', "Big-back Carlos Hyde has lifted Urban Meyer's Ohio State  spread attack back to the future", "This sure wasn't the offense a lot of people expected out of Ohio State.A lot of fans might have hoped the Buckeyes would average 40 points a game, which they are. B...", "Purdue (3-3, 0-2) vs. No. 7 Ohio State (7-0, 3-0), noon (ABC/ESPN2)Line: Ohio State by 19.Series Record: Ohio State leads, 37-14-2.WHAT'S AT STAKEOhio State's defens...", "In the face of unprecedented adversity, the ranked Penn State Nittany Lions continue to put their best foot forward as they pull into Columbus for this Saturday's pi...", "No. 9 Ohio State (8-0, 4-0 Big Ten) at Penn State (5-2, 3-0), 5:30 p.m. (ESPN)Line: Pick'em.Series Record: Tied 13-13.WHAT'S AT STAKEMaybe the unofficial Big Ten tit...", 'Unbeaten Buckeyes  must figure out how to close out games following escape at Indiana', "Urban Meyer could look at Ohio State's record and see perfection.He knows better.The man with two national championship rings and a resume full of winning seasons un..."]