["Talk show host Regis Philbin says he'll have  triple bypass surgery  later this week. He made that announcement on his show Regis and Kelly this morning. Philbin is 76 year results.", "Talk show host Regis Philbin says he'll have triple bypass surgery later this week. He made that announcement on his show Regis and Kelly this morning. Philbin is 76 year results. ", 'considered by many of his peers to be one of the greatest surgeons ever has died. Doctor Michael debate He pioneered  heart bypass surgery  his was a labor of love that lasted more than seventy years. Doctor Michael debate key will be remembered as a ', 'of the greatest surgeons ever has died. Doctor Michael debate He pioneered heart bypass surgery his was a labor of love that lasted more than seventy years. Doctor Michael debate key will be remembered as a medical ', 'positive new findings about robotic  bypass surgery  the University of Maryland study minimally invasive robot for  heart bypass surgery  improved results recovery time surgery costs more than standard  bypass surgery  but it can lead to cost savings ', "-- today sect -- positive new findings about robotic bypass surgery the University of Maryland study found using a minimally invasive robot for heart bypass surgery improved results recovery time. And led to fewer complications. The Da Vinci robot requires only a few small incisions. To -- -- tiny robotic arms in the chest that means doctors don't have to cut open the -- to break any bones. The robotic surgery costs more than standard bypass surgery but it can lead to cost savings down the road was shorter hospital stays and patients getting back to work sooner. Tens ", "know. President Bill Clinton former president Clinton's  quadruple bypass  heart surgery was conducted this morning. Preparations morning around. 8 o'clock He had a relatively routine.  Quadruple bypass  operation. We left the operating room around noon and ", "As you may know. President Bill Clinton former president Clinton's quadruple bypass heart surgery was conducted this morning. Preparations for the operation began about 6:45 AM eastern time and word. But the operation was ", "operation. Starting this morning around. 8 o'clock He had a relatively routine. Quadruple bypass operation. We left the operating room around noon and He is recovering normally at this point so I think right now everything ", "cutting edge medical technology that is revolutionizing  heart bypass surgery . Almost half a million bypass operations are done felt ready to get right back to it just days after  bypass surgery  and pilgrim. There are no pain. We've how could ", "Tonight a closer look at cutting edge medical technology that is revolutionizing heart bypass surgery . Almost half a million bypass operations are done in this country every year it's effective and replacing clogged arteries. But doctors have to open a patient's rib cage and recovery can take months. Now some surgeons are using robots to help performed bypasses they say it's better for patients and better for the bottom line here's ABC's Ned potter. Rogers -- removes furniture for a living many felt ready to get right back to it just days after bypass surgery and pilgrim. There are no pain. We've -- how could that be. Because most of whose surgery was done with this -- ", "Live with Regis and Kelly says he'll have  heart bypass surgery triple bypass surgery  this week. An announcement that caught his on the show announced that is going in for  heart bypass surgery . you know what that means facelift. It's ", "announcement the cohost of Live with Regis and Kelly says he'll have heart bypass surgery triple bypass surgery this week. An announcement that caught his friends and his fans off. Guard Sam you know reach well hidden villain form often ", "god. Letterman returned -- -- -- just a month after having quintuple bypass surgery getting a heartfelt thanks to his team of doctors and nurses. I have to have this surgery. By god I hope your blessed enough to go through it with people like these. -- his heart surgery will be performed by one of the very same doctors who operated on but. We love you range you're gonna be okay buddy and famous friends are offering support in the form of humor. Our good friend Regis fill in this morning on the show announced that -- is going in for heart bypass surgery . -- you know what that means facelift. It's a very special attention only a loving co host could give my primary job ", 'often go on the same day or the next day. In contrast bypass surgery involves opening the chest getting down to the heart. And then using -- from the leg or preferably when you can an ', 'clearly been shown. That coronary  bypass surgery . Is is better than stats and better The standard of care. Is coronary  bypass surgery  there other situations that will mimic surgeons would agree that once again  bypass surgery  is superior to stance. It is a controversial ', "are some a situation where is it's clearly been shown. That coronary bypass surgery . Is is better than stats and better the medical therapy and those. -- our. Situations in which the blockage. Is of the one artery. For -- the main artery to the entire heart and arteries quote the last main coronary arteries -- if you have a significant blockage about artery. The standard of care. Is coronary bypass surgery there -- other situations that will mimic that. Where sometimes call -- left main equivalent. Still Nazis or blockages. And in those cases most. Cardiologists and cardiac surgeons would agree that once again -- bypass surgery is superior to stance. It is a controversial. Field however and it's one that's constantly evolving. As surgery gets better as stents ", "gown festival and they walked down the aisle a big red carpet to the local radio station. Presiding pretty cool. So until  triple bypass  I do them I may well I think it makes everything better it does makes a wedding matter. exactly here's a terrible terrible ", 'to the -- local radio station. Presiding pretty cool. So -- until triple bypass I do them -- I may well I think it makes everything better -- it does makes a wedding matter. -- exactly ', "The life expectancy after  bypass surgery  depends again on the individual's. Risk factors and most importantly. On the ventricular function how well the muscle the heart ", "The life expectancy after -- bypass surgery depends again on the individual's. Risk factors and most importantly. On the ventricular function how well the muscle the heart works. If ", "When He time we do  bypass surgery  we have to look at what's the risk the operation and what's the benefit. The big Chris that talk to patients about is that ", "When He time we do bypass surgery we have to look at what's the risk -- the operation and what's the benefit. The big Chris that -- talk to ", "back into Turkey a Christian and Ayman causes death a staggering loss. The emperor of Japan is set to undergo  heart bypass surgery . And act arrived at the University of Tokyo hospital today to prep for Saturday's bypass procedure. The seventy ", "death a staggering loss. The emperor of Japan is set to undergo heart bypass surgery . And -- act -- arrived at the University of Tokyo hospital today to prep for Saturday's bypass procedure. The seventy year old ", 'Advantages of  bypass surgery  compared his stance is that in general. A surgical regrets for longer lasting. stent procedure. The disadvantages. Of Carter  bypass surgery  is that it is surgery. In in that that it is a surgical trauma ', 'Advantages of bypass surgery compared his stance is that in general. A surgical regrets for his nation is longer lasting. -- -- stent procedure. The disadvantages. Of Carter bypass surgery is that it is surgery. In in that that it is a surgical trauma to the body -- cut. If you will ', "help you and make sure you get as many and and meet the  quadruple .  Bypass  burger. Thousand calories beat. Bacon and cheese I didn't doing. We notice all the curious people in so we took that  quadruple bypass  burger out to the street what you eat them. And there ", "and make sure you get as many -- and and meet the quadruple . Bypass burger. Thousand calories -- beat. Bacon and cheese I didn't think about. And about -- -- a competitive Oregon. Not good for ", 'We notice all the curious people -- in so we took that quadruple bypass burger out to the street what you eat them. And there are certain model -- Gator got better -- -- out. And ', "modern medicine. Since then  heart bypass surgery  has benefited the lives of back on the great two Beers so  bypass surgery  it's hard to believe it's At Madison is It is it is  bypass surgery  work area artery bypass graft ", "It was heralded as a revolutionary advancement from modern medicine. Since then heart bypass surgery has benefited the lives of countless patients. But in recent years how the procedure is performed has been hotly debated within the medical community. Joining us to walk us through both sides of the discussion is doctor Christopher McGovern -- -- thoracic surgeon at Morristown memorial hospital. Doctor McGovern thanks so much for coming back on the great two Beers so bypass surgery it's hard to believe it's been over fifty years but it really is sort of the hallmark of cardiac. At Madison is -- It is it is bypass surgery work -- area artery bypass graft and we call cabbage for short has been around as you said for almost fifty years. ", 'has been no exception -- this. We now are able to do bypass surgery using much smaller incisions were actually able to use a robot to do portions of the operation. But the biggest single advance ', 'centers over six year period. They took all the patients who needed bypass surgery in randomized them into two groups just before they went into the operating -- -- had your operation done on -- were ', "age 63 years old has been admitted to Columbia Presbyterian Hospital. As we know four and a half years ago had  heart bypass surgery  we want to tell you what we've learned about what could possibly be the cause of. His today George but I never ", "Hospital. As we know four and a half years ago -- had heart bypass surgery we want to tell you what we've learned about what could possibly be the cause of. His -- -- today George but ", 'number of flu shots of the right people. President Bush is scheduled to be wheeled into the operating room for a  heart bypass surgery . Could we have prevented. September 11 the national commission on terrorist attacks on the United States begins ', 'Bush is scheduled to be wheeled into the operating room for a heart bypass surgery . Could we have prevented. September 11 the national commission on terrorist attacks on the United States begins high level public hearings. Is ', 'one of his coronary arteries a reminder of course that in September of 2000 war. The former president did have  heart bypass surgery  once again with George Stephanopoulos and doctor Richard are what are you hearing minutes away. Life threatening ', 'course that in September of 2000 war. The former president did have heart bypass surgery once again with George Stephanopoulos and doctor Richard -- are what are you hearing minutes away. Life threatening the president feeling some ']