['Reporter: Research has found benefits from infrared, easing stiff muscles and joints, soothing rheumatoid arthritis and  cardiovascular  benefits but when it comes to calorie burning and weight loss -- get me out of this thing! Reporter: The evidence as ', 'benefits from infrared, easing stiff muscles and joints, soothing rheumatoid arthritis and cardiovascular benefits but when it comes to calorie burning and weight loss -- get me out of this thing! Reporter: The evidence as ', "European Heart Journal . 7 Simple Ways to Boost Your  Heart Health  A 2006 study published in the American Journal Disease . 8 Ways to Prevent Alzheimer's Disease  Cardiovascular disease , which is more common among shorter people, is ", 'Regularly skipping breakfast raises risk of heart attacks 27 percent, a new study suggests', 'Regularly skipping breakfast raises risk of heart attacks 27 percent, a new study suggests', 'Regularly skipping breakfast raises risk of heart attacks 27 percent, a new study suggests', 'Regularly skipping breakfast raises risk of heart attacks 27 percent, a new study suggests', 'Cutting your risk for  cardiovascular disease  doesn\'t necessarily big impact on your  heart health ," said Dr. Richard help reduce such  cardiovascular  risks as insulin improved the subjects\'  heart health  by easing anxiety ', 'should be added to our list of [ cardiovascular disease ] risk factors." The study evidence that sleep is key for  heart health . A 2011 study published in 6 Easy Ways to Boost Your  Heart Health  Stroke A study of more than ', 'Center on Human Needs, residents in the 70112 zip code, which includes the Treme neighborhood, had the highest rates of  cardiovascular  mortality, stroke mortality, and diabetes mortality. It was also the poorest zip code in the city, with the third largest ', 'doing some early physical therapy," he said. Dr. Michael Mack, a cardiac surgeon and the medical director of  cardiovascular disease  at Baylor Health Care System in Dallas, where Travis was treated, added that Travis\'s condition is not likely ', 'Nevada congressman transferred to Las Vegas to recover from six-way cardiac bypass surgery', "Doctor's Take So where does this leave men who, based on this study, are worried that they will have to choose between a  healthy heart  and a healthy prostate? The first thing that these men should do is speak to their doctors prior to making any changes to ", 'condition has stabilized," Mack, director of  cardiovascular disease  at the Baylor Health Care System in Dallas, said another physician, Dr. William Gray, Director of  cardiovascular  services at Baylor Medical Center at McKinney ', 'left ventricular assist device for stabilization prior to transferring hospitals." According to the UC San Diego Sulpizio  Cardiovascular  Center\'s website , the device is "a tiny pump that is inserted with a catheter through the groin rather than being surgically ', 'Reporter: Research has found benefits from infrared, easing stiff muscles and joints, soothing rheumatoid arthritis and  cardiovascular  benefits but when it comes to calorie burning and weight loss -- get me out of this thing! Reporter: The evidence as ', 'benefits from infrared, easing stiff muscles and joints, soothing rheumatoid arthritis and cardiovascular benefits but when it comes to calorie burning and weight loss -- get me out of this thing! Reporter: The evidence as ', "four four-minute intervals. Group one, the first group, had the same improvement as the second group, in endurance and  heart health . There's no resistance training. You do need resistance training, to increase your resting metabolism for bone density ", "group, had the same improvement as the second group, in endurance and heart health . There's no resistance training. You do need resistance training, to increase your resting metabolism for bone density. And posture. Reporter: My posture ", "I'm doctor William Gray the director of  cardiovascular  services at Baylor medical center McKinney Texas name is Michael Mac and I'm the director of  cardiovascular disease  at the Baylor Health Care System and Dallas ", "I'm doctor William Gray the director of cardiovascular services at Baylor medical center McKinney Texas. Mr. Randy Travis was admitted for an emergency department to Baylor medical center of McKinney ", 'on the topic of  heart health  and the latest Does prevent  cardiovascular disease  but some of the looked at trends in  cardiovascular disease . And in that study they found that  cardiovascular disease  has In the second ', 'keep their hearts strong physically. Joining us today on the topic of heart health and the latest on a controversial aspirin study. Is cardiac thoracic surgeon doctor Kathy Magli -- director of -- services at saint ', 'is American heart month and  cardiovascular disease  kills one American woman every for women to protect their  heart health  but sometimes. Doing everything about this over more about  heart health  of risk factors go to work ', "Did you know that this is American heart month and cardiovascular disease kills one American woman every minute. That's -- the national heart lung and blood institute began the heart truth. A call -- action for women to protect their heart health but sometimes. Doing everything right is not enough doctor Richard -- has one woman's story. My name is Chris -- and Mary. ", 'and they can talk about more about this -- over more about heart health of -- risk factors go to work cited abcnews.com. And click on. You -- -- -- has the heart healthy recipes for ', "facts surrounding  cardiovascular disease  among women women suffer from  cardiovascular disease  and it goes undiagnosed then. Lower your  cardiovascular risk  by 3%. This about women's  heart health . Check out go ", "you so much and to get involved in learning more about women's heart health . Check out go red for women dot org and our own abcnews.com. -- -- just left. ", "care of our  cardiovascular . 60% of Americans will die from  cardiovascular disease  and say  cardiovascular disease  you think of cholesterol and  cardiovascular health  and you'll or in your  heart health  and yet some ", "now many ways to naturally lower cholesterol. And new innovations and bettering cardiovascular help. Sadly there are still many minutes. That can cause -- -- here to help us figure it all out is spokesperson for fiber Metamucil doctor Michael -- then doctor waiting to see you thanks for being there privileged to be don't tell us how important is -- take care of our cardiovascular . 60% of Americans will die from cardiovascular disease and say cardiovascular disease you think of the -- -- -- blood vessels so. So that your heart it's your brain your skin wrinkles for women. "]