['Part 1: "The Lookout" team goes undercover to try out two high-tech, calorie-burning machines.', "four four-minute intervals. Group one, the first group, had the same improvement as the second group, in endurance and  heart health . There's no resistance training. You do need resistance training, to increase your resting metabolism for bone density ", "group, had the same improvement as the second group, in endurance and heart health . There's no resistance training. You do need resistance training, to increase your resting metabolism for bone density. And posture. Reporter: My posture ", "I'm doctor William Gray the director of  cardiovascular  services at Baylor medical center McKinney Texas name is Michael Mac and I'm the director of  cardiovascular disease  at the Baylor Health Care System and Dallas ", "I'm doctor William Gray the director of cardiovascular services at Baylor medical center McKinney Texas. Mr. Randy Travis was admitted for an emergency department to Baylor medical center of McKinney ", 'on the topic of  heart health  and the latest Does prevent  cardiovascular disease  but some of the looked at trends in  cardiovascular disease . And in that study they found that  cardiovascular disease  has In the second ', 'keep their hearts strong physically. Joining us today on the topic of heart health and the latest on a controversial aspirin study. Is cardiac thoracic surgeon doctor Kathy Magli -- director of -- services at saint ', 'is American heart month and  cardiovascular disease  kills one American woman every for women to protect their  heart health  but sometimes. Doing everything about this over more about  heart health  of risk factors go to work ', "Did you know that this is American heart month and cardiovascular disease kills one American woman every minute. That's -- the national heart lung and blood institute began the heart truth. A call -- action for women to protect their heart health but sometimes. Doing everything right is not enough doctor Richard -- has one woman's story. My name is Chris -- and Mary. ", 'and they can talk about more about this -- over more about heart health of -- risk factors go to work cited abcnews.com. And click on. You -- -- -- has the heart healthy recipes for ', "facts surrounding  cardiovascular disease  among women women suffer from  cardiovascular disease  and it goes undiagnosed then. Lower your  cardiovascular risk  by 3%. This about women's  heart health . Check out go ", "you so much and to get involved in learning more about women's heart health . Check out go red for women dot org and our own abcnews.com. -- -- just left. ", "care of our  cardiovascular . 60% of Americans will die from  cardiovascular disease  and say  cardiovascular disease  you think of cholesterol and  cardiovascular health  and you'll or in your  heart health  and yet some ", "now many ways to naturally lower cholesterol. And new innovations and bettering cardiovascular help. Sadly there are still many minutes. That can cause -- -- here to help us figure it all out is spokesperson for fiber Metamucil doctor Michael -- then doctor waiting to see you thanks for being there privileged to be don't tell us how important is -- take care of our cardiovascular . 60% of Americans will die from cardiovascular disease and say cardiovascular disease you think of the -- -- -- blood vessels so. So that your heart it's your brain your skin wrinkles for women. ", 'Cardiovascular disease  is the number one killer of women in the quite a bit of is required every day now for  heart health  usually we Europe recommend just thirty minutes today so  heart health  is one thing losing weight is another some ', "a quite a bit of -- is required every day now for heart health usually we Europe recommend just thirty minutes today so heart health is one thing losing weight is another some suggestions about diet. The big one was that they're lowering the recommendation for saturated ", "particularly for four people who are at higher risk for  cardiovascular disease  or diabetes. And I don't know that we know the body. And and turn decreases our risk for  cardiovascular  events like heart attacks and strokes you really ", 'markers in the body. And -- and turn decreases our risk for cardiovascular events like heart attacks and strokes you really want to vote for than. Either the dark chocolate or the natural. -- that ', "People died as a result of heart disease in the United States it's number one killer of both men and women. February is a  heart health  month and that's why reader's digest in Spanish has teamed up with the American Heart Association. To get accurate information ", "-- number one killer of both men and women. February is a heart health month and that's why -- -- reader's digest in Spanish has teamed up with the American Heart Association. To get accurate information ", 'size brain volume tends to be smaller in people suffering dementia. Even when researchers excluded people with  cardiovascular .  Disease . The data still show that those with a lower cardiac index had greater brain aging. Regular exercise is one ', 'be smaller in people suffering dementia. Even when researchers excluded people with cardiovascular . Disease . The data still show that those with a lower cardiac index had greater brain aging. Regular exercise is one of the best ', "Americans. Who suffer from  cardiovascular disease . I became one the millions you can see and I'm in my  heart health  Go where it is women's movement Toward bringing awareness. To  heart health  in there as I told you. It's ", "I can't tell you as you can see and I'm in my heart health -- Go where it is -- women's movement. Toward bringing awareness. To heart health in there as I told you. It's the number one killer when will it doesn't need to -- And to go where ", "women's  heart health  women were number for your  heart health  it's 35 improve your  cardiovascular health . Third this laughter and  cardiovascular disease  and found respect your  heart health  so that's ", "herself lucky. Just thirty years ago we knew very little about women's heart health women were not even included in in research studies in. Conceivably it was unbelievable to me we know so much more -- ", "be suffering from heart problems. Second there's a magic number for your heart health it's 35. Measure your waist if its larger than 35 you need to make -- change. The fat around your -- line is -- different type of fat it releases a chemical that drives of your blood pressure and your cholesterol. Any reduction you can make -- your waistline half an inch an inch is well. Be greatly improve your cardiovascular health . Third this is crucial do the detective work and your family tree parental history really affects women. You have twice the risk of developing heart disease if one parent -- -- and three times the risk if both parents had and finally no kidding. Make yourself laughed out uncontrollable. Every day. -- research laughter and cardiovascular disease and found that fifty minutes of laughter is about equivalent to. Thirty minutes of aerobic activity with respect your heart health so that's one simple thing we often do if you can laugh when you treadmill how great would that. Can't laugh on ", "women's  heart health  women were number for your  heart health  it's 35 improve your  cardiovascular health . Third this laughter and  cardiovascular disease  and found respect your  heart health  so that's ", "herself lucky. Just thirty years ago we knew very little about women's heart health women were not even included in in research studies in. Conceivably it was unbelievable to me we know so much more -- ", "be suffering from heart problems. Second there's a magic number for your heart health it's 35. Measure your waist if its larger than 35 you need to make -- change. The fat around your -- line is -- different type of fat it releases a chemical that drives of your blood pressure and your cholesterol. Any reduction you can make -- your waistline half an inch an inch is well. Be greatly improve your cardiovascular health . Third this is crucial do the detective work and your family tree parental history really affects women. You have twice the risk of developing heart disease if one parent -- -- and three times the risk if both parents had and finally no kidding. Make yourself -- out uncontrollable. Every day. Sleep research laughter and cardiovascular disease and found that fifty minutes of laughter is about equivalent to. Thirty minutes of aerobic activity with respect your heart health so that's one simple thing we often do if you can laugh when you treadmill how great would that. Can't laugh on ", "women's  heart health  women were number for your  heart health  it's 35 improve your  cardiovascular health . Third this laughter and  cardiovascular disease  and found respect your  heart health  so that's ", "herself lucky. Just thirty years ago we knew very little about women's heart health women were not even included in in research studies in. Conceivably it was unbelievable to me we know so much more -- ", "be suffering from heart problems. Second there's a magic number for your heart health it's 35. Measure your waist if its larger than 35 you need to make -- change. The fat around your -- line is -- different type of fat it releases a chemical that drives of your blood pressure and your cholesterol. Any reduction you can make -- your waistline half an inch and inch is well. -- greatly improve your cardiovascular health . Third this is crucial do the detective work and your family tree parental history really affects women. You have twice the risk of developing heart disease if one parent -- -- and three times the risk if both parents had and finally no kidding. Make yourself laughed -- Hun control of every day. -- research laughter and cardiovascular disease and found that fifty minutes of laughter is about equivalent to. Thirty minutes of aerobic activity with respect your heart health so that's one simple thing we often do if you can laugh when you treadmill how great -- that. Can't laugh on ", 'our sound man read the book. Manny says yoga completes a well-balanced life. I don\'t consider yoga a replacement for  cardiovascular  exercise. I think that\'s important. Namaste. For "good morning america," rachel smith, abc news, los angeles.', 'yoga completes a well-balanced life. I don\'t consider yoga a replacement for cardiovascular exercise. I think that\'s important. Namaste. For "good morning america," rachel smith, abc news, los angeles. ', "Physical and activity has been a  cardiovascular risk  factor we've included it exercise we're talking about  cardiovascular . Exercise. exercise that your heart rate. To get the  cardiovascular  benefits. And so you know ", "at least thirty to 45 minutes and by exercise we're talking about cardiovascular . Exercise. -- exercise that actually increases your heart rate. To get the cardiovascular benefits. And so you know -- that we tell people that they should be doing something where. They're breathing a little bit ", "the number one thing. And you have five painless tips for  heart health  what's the first. Well the first one will attack that got the perfect heart healthy meal. Fantastic a recipe for  heart health  thank you so much Elizabeth summer for all these great ", "as the number one thing. And you have five painless tips for heart health what's the first. Well the first one will attack that weight gain from head on. And it's as simple as chewing gum ", "and you've got the perfect heart healthy meal. Fantastic a recipe for heart health thank you so much Elizabeth summer for all these great. Heart healthy tips. And you can find more heart healthy tips by ", "severity of the patient's illness age and depression levels. Experts many theories about why optimism may contribute to  heart health . Studies show that optimists tend to take better care of themselves they are more likely to take their heart medications ", 'depression levels. Experts -- many theories about why optimism may contribute to heart health . Studies show that optimists tend to take better care of themselves they are more likely to take their heart medications as prescribed. ', 'died during the study to be able to If they received a separate apartment and researchers speculate that napping may improve  heart health  by reducing stress. And Americans could use the extra sleep we average about seven hours per night instead of the recommended ', "disease. -- researchers wondered could the siesta somehow be helping to keep heart's health . Doctors examined over 23000. People in priests who had no heart problems at the start of the study. Over the next six ", 'they received a separate apartment and researchers speculate that napping may improve heart health by reducing stress. And Americans could use the extra sleep we average about seven hours per night instead of the recommended eight. ']