['engagement ring while the pair were vacationing in Kenya. Famous Birthdays 1964 Dwight Gooden 1966 Dean McDermott 1967  Lisa Bonet  1970 Martha Plimpton 1975 Julio Lugo 1977 Oksana Baiul 1977 Maggie Gyllenhaal 1979 Bruce Irons Jump back to Nov. 15 ', 'and do that whole thing. But I\'ve always known." Marvin Gaye, "Let\'s Get It On" In 1985, Kravitz met actress  Lisa Bonet  backstage at a concert, and they fell in love. "It\'s hard to beat that one. How sexy it is, how raw it is, how ', 'Tomei\'s fairy godmother. After leaving daytime, Tomei garnered new fans when she landed a role as the roommate to  Lisa Bonet \'s character on "The Cosby Show" spinoff "A Different World." But her real breakthrough performance came in "My ', 'With a tube of Lip Venom you can point with your lips like Jennifer Lopez, faire la moue , or sulk and glower like  Lisa Bonet  (remember Angel Heart ?). But the burning! The stinging! Over-the-counter lip plumpers are filled with spicy ', 'Jeffersons." The 40-year-old is himself the father of 16-year-old Zoe, his daughter with former "Cosby Show" star  Lisa Bonet . Kravitz will kick off his first-ever Latin American tour on March 4, in Mexico City and then bring his world tour ', 'Reuters) When retro-rocker Lenny Kravitz released his first album 11 years ago, he was better known as the husband of  Lisa Bonet , comely co-star of The Cosby Show. After five albums and two Grammy Awards, he has managed to carve out his own ', 'Reuters) When retro-rocker Lenny Kravitz released his first album 11 years ago, he was better known as the husband of  Lisa Bonet , comely co-star of The Cosby Show. After five albums and two Grammy Awards, he has managed to carve out his own ', 'Reuters) When retro-rocker Lenny Kravitz released his first album 11 years ago, he was better known as the husband of  Lisa Bonet , comely co-star of The Cosby Show. After five albums and two Grammy Awards, he has managed to carve out his own ', 'Reuters) When retro-rocker Lenny Kravitz released his first album 11 years ago, he was better known as the husband of  Lisa Bonet , comely co-star of The Cosby Show. After five albums and two Grammy Awards, he has managed to carve out his own ', 'Reuters) When retro-rocker Lenny Kravitz released his first album 11 years ago, he was better known as the husband of  Lisa Bonet , comely co-star of The Cosby Show. After five albums and two Grammy Awards, he has managed to carve out his own ', 'Reuters) When retro-rocker Lenny Kravitz released his first album 11 years ago, he was better known as the husband of  Lisa Bonet , comely co-star of The Cosby Show. After five albums and two Grammy Awards, he has managed to carve out his own ']