['furious in a Manhattan court yesterday. As window step faced off against the French billionaire who fathered her child.  Linda Evans  at least seeking 46000. Dollars a month from while on reaping no with him she had a fleeting affair in 2005. You know ', '-- step faced off against the French billionaire who fathered her child. Linda Evans at least seeking 46000. Dollars a month from -- while on reaping no with him she had a fleeting affair in 2005. ', "there's a huge backlash now last year I met up with  Linda Evans  famous for how in dynasty. But she didn't look like don't have to have that big wind blown you know or  Linda Evans  said. When you go to follow and you don't have to ", "that there's a huge backlash now last year I met up with Linda Evans famous for how -- in dynasty. But she didn't look like the same crystal Carrington. I've made some choices that have gone ", "don't have to have that big wind blown you know -- or Linda Evans said. When you go to follow -- and you don't have to do that anymore you can get a great skin care ", 'treated himself I think Star Magazine calling me cheater qualifies as defamation of character former dynasty actress  Linda Evans  says the pressure of dating a younger man is intense. She admitted to having plastic surgery to keep up with a much ', 'Magazine calling me cheater qualifies as defamation of character former dynasty actress Linda Evans says the pressure of dating a younger man is intense. She admitted to having plastic surgery to keep up with a much ', 'as Blake Carrington silver haired patriarch of dynasty. He was swap and sexy and rich and for much of the 1980s with  Linda Evans  by his side. He faced every kind of tragedy imaginable. Killed. In the 1940s Forsythe was one of the original members ', 'swap and sexy and rich and for much of the 1980s with Linda Evans by his side. He faced every kind of tragedy imaginable. -- -- -- -- Killed. In the 1940s Forsythe was one of ', 'characters there. The first day you had to walk on one of my first big scenes was with him just about every character.  Linda Evans  and John Forsythe John James and this reminds them against me is evidence that. System and thinking of always there ', 'of my first big scenes was with him just about every character. Linda Evans and John Forsythe John James and this reminds them against me is evidence that. System and thinking of always there. Of how ', "to you you the goes back to the dynasty days because so many people. Enjoy that show for so many years and of course  Linda Evans  and the legendary cat and you're taking that act on the road we are not lender. And I getting up legends with a populist ", "many people. Enjoy that show for so many years and of course Linda Evans and the legendary cat -- and you're taking that act on the road -- -- we are not lender. And I getting "]