['A resolution obtained by The Associated Press for a board of trustees meeting on Tuesday outlines a lengthy procedure to determine how the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering will separate from the university beginning in the 2014-15 academic year. It would remain part of the SUNY system. The idea was first reported March 13 by the AP based on an extensive, privately circulated proposal.', 'The resolution calls for the appointment of Professor Alain Kaloyeros, a close Cuomo ally who founded the nano center, to become CEO of the new college. Kaloyeros would report to the Board of Trustees and Chancellor Nancy Zimpher, who is scheduled to make the presentation to trustees on Tuesday. The board must approve the new direction and the rare addition of a school to the 64-campus system.', 'The updated plan calls for making the SUNY College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering "a unique world-class education and innovation resource ... for the SUNY system and the entire state of New York."', "The plan claims the action would help the nanoscale college streamline its academic and business projects in Albany, Utica, Saratoga County's town of Malta, and Rochester. The degree-granting college would work closely with the SUNY Research Foundation in securing grants and patents and attracting top talent and employers.", 'The center already offers master of science degrees in nanotechnology management with the University at Albany School of Business. But the new college could expand to public health, public policy, social sciences, natural and biophysical sciences and engineering.', "The new college would fit well with Cuomo's plan to attract new employers and to retain startup companies spawned from public and private universities by providing full tax relief for 10 years to companies and their employees. Under the plan approved by the Legislature in June, the companies would have to be closely associated with public and private colleges and operate on or near campuses.", 'The new college also fits the established "Power of SUNY" plan that Zimpher advanced shortly after taking the chancellor\'s job in 2009. She has focused on matching SUNY research to employment opportunities statewide and works closely with Cuomo.', 'Cuomo, SUNY and the biggest union at SUNY, United University Professions, had no immediate comment Monday.', ' Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. ']