['Why is there so much distain for the "Les Mis" star but love for the "Silver Linings" darling?', "Isn't it amazing to think that  Lucille Ball  and her husband as Leon has created posters walls and he used to.  Lucille ball 's daughter Lisa yeah earnings lettuce and definitely people Lucy  Lucille Ball . This new dvd extent she is since ", "-- -- is. I loved Lucy. Isn't it amazing to think that Lucille Ball and her husband as Leon has created this show of his sixty years ago. But it is still running and -- is ", "recognized and none -- -- and posters walls and he used to. Lucille ball's daughter Lisa yeah earnings the week. Lucio -- enjoyed a long career on Broadway and in the movies. -- -- 62 years ", 'life. The mother of my children lettuce and definitely people -- Lucy Lucille Ball . This -- new dvd extent she is -- since introducing the cats. I Love -- -- about the real -- someone missing ', "are you unpoopular? This contains vitamins and meat and vegetables and vinerals. You have said that you said i,  lucille ball , I don't think funny. I don't think funny. I can do funny things that others write down in detail if they tell ", "meat and vegetables and vinerals. You have said that you said i, lucille ball , I don't think funny. I don't think funny. I can do funny things that others write down in detail if they tell ", "is. I Love Lucy. Isn't it amazing to think that  Lucille Ball  and her husband honest created this shell of his sixty Recognizing to Mollison posters Wallace and he used to.  Lucille ball 's daughter Melissa knows the week. has enjoyed a ", "no winner is. I Love Lucy. Isn't it amazing to think that Lucille Ball and her husband -- honest created this shell of his sixty years ago. But it is still running and -- is still ", "-- Recognizing -- -- to Mollison posters Wallace and he used to. Lucille ball's daughter Melissa knows -- -- -- the week. -- has enjoyed a long career on Broadway and in the movies. -- 62 ", "Well I'm not really sure Michigan Minnesota on business small salon. So should we should know.  Lucille Ball  did yeah here. twice as long as long period. We'll the elderly group. we're to be it. Should be. That. Should be. The ", "salon. So should we should know. -- -- -- -- -- -- Lucille Ball did yeah -- -- here. -- twice as long as long period. We'll -- the elderly group. -- we're -- to be ", "This, as ricki ricardo would say, sofia vergara has a lot of explaining to do. She has transformed herself into  lucille ball . She dressed like lucy, to every last detail. The one detail she left out is why she did it. We're wondering if ", "has a lot of explaining to do. She has transformed herself into lucille ball . She dressed like lucy, to every last detail. The one detail she left out is why she did it. We're wondering if ", "really funny. What I do well? Just you hopping. The hottest bathing suit. You're a beautiful girl. There's that  lucille ball  quality of you. We saw a picture you tweeted. Do you feel it in you? I wish. Oh, my god. That's horrible. I ", "you hopping. The hottest bathing suit. You're a beautiful girl. There's that lucille ball quality of you. We saw a picture you tweeted. Do you feel it in you? I wish. Oh, my god. That's horrible. ", 'She is the original queen of TV comedy  Lucille Ball  or 100 years ago today. And more than twenty years after losing her this country still love Lucy today we were talking about her ', 'She is the original queen of TV comedy Lucille Ball or 100 years ago today. And more than twenty years after losing her this country still love Lucy today we were talking ', "million viewers worldwide. Straits. But see eight season set to premiere this fall will be the last for these modern day  Lucille ball 's. Sir so kitchen reschedule the letter is behind the doors of their seemingly perfect lives. And she other blue ", "to premiere this fall will be the last for these modern day Lucille ball's . Sir so kitchen reschedule the letter is behind the doors of their seemingly perfect lives. And she other blue light on the ", "There's stick go to their their story on what Tina Fey has built. And reverend sassy very non conventional women  Lucille Ball  would be proud yeah head offices that you shows here on ABC henin and revenge are doing pretty well. Pan am is a mix ", 'what Tina Fey has built. And reverend sassy very non conventional women Lucille Ball would be proud yeah head offices that you shows here on ABC henin and revenge are doing pretty well. Pan am is ', "been done. And hear the results. My friend I'm I don't. Are the Christian week I'm wrong Or Will Ferrell.  Lucille Ball . Gone home prices taxes and mini skirts or Bob. When it comes to humor is there funny sex we have an appointment when ", "I don't. Are the Christian week I'm wrong -- Or Will Ferrell. Lucille Ball . Gone -- -- home prices taxes and mini skirts or Bob. When it comes to humor is there -- funny -- sex ", "showing stars ranging from Jim Carrey Jackie Chan and  Lucille Ball . Comparing their versions on the left with times less right. They've also included a few online critiques  Lucille Ball  looks like meant that it. Hollywood people are not ", "showing stars ranging from -- -- -- Jim Carrey Jackie Chan and Lucille Ball . Comparing their versions on the left with -- times less than perfect versions from the Hollywood wax museum on the right. They've also included a few online critiques Lucille Ball looks like -- meant that it. Hollywood -- people are not amusement. It's the case of that big bully had big international. ", "in Virginia. his campaign to in nineteen. If you compare that to. Pearl Harbor I think it's it's more like.  Lucille Ball  at the chocolate factory. And Gingrich has other problems is clearly worried about Ron Paul. Who is on the rise in ", "you compare that to. Pearl Harbor I think it's it's more like. Lucille Ball at the chocolate factory. And Gingrich has other problems is clearly worried about Ron Paul. Who is on the rise in both ", "will be able to vote for Gingrich. He said it was like Pearl Harbor. Mitt Romney suggested  Lucille Ball  is a better analogy it's more like  Lucille Ball  chocolate factory. This week Gingrich proved he could make chocolate just fine he found him ", "for Gingrich. He said it was like Pearl Harbor. Mitt Romney suggested Lucille Ball is a better analogy it's more like Lucille Ball -- -- chocolate factory. This week Gingrich proved he could make chocolate just fine he found him a shot back. Polls this ", "can address. And then Romney's recent one liners comparing Newt Gingrich failure to get on the Virginia ballot to  Lucille Ball  the chocolate factory. And it just the past 24 hours comparing president Obama's campaign promises to Kim Kardashian ", "comparing Newt Gingrich -- failure to get on the Virginia ballot to Lucille Ball the chocolate factory. And it just the past 24 hours comparing president Obama's campaign promises to Kim Kardashian into -- I think ", "hammered by me or negative ads in Iowa than anybody. And lately his campaign has been such a that Romney compared it to  Lucille Ball  in the chocolate factory. In response Gingrich visited a real chocolate factory and Iowa. And then it's bad. Romney ", "his campaign has been such a -- that Romney compared it to Lucille Ball in the chocolate factory. In response Gingrich visited a real chocolate factory and Iowa. -- -- -- And then it's bad. Romney ", "Gingrich visited a little chocolate factory in Iowa today to poke fun at Mitt Romney. Who compared his campaign to  Lucille ball 's field effort on chocolate assembly line you guys now report to governor we. We've taken this processors. In ", "today to poke fun at Mitt Romney. Who compared his campaign to Lucille ball's field effort on -- chocolate assembly line -- -- you guys now report to governor we. We've taken this processors. In the ", "to get his name on the ballot in Virginia. If you compare that to. Pearl Harbor I think it's it's more like.  Lucille Ball  at the chocolate factory. I gotta get organized. Gingrich fired up his campaign bus in Iowa today. While outside ", "you compare that to. Pearl Harbor I think it's it's more like. Lucille Ball at the chocolate factory. I gotta get organized. Gingrich fired up his campaign bus in Iowa today. While outside groups supporting his ", "cost him anecdotally today acting up again and I'm gonna be able to. Anything this women. And the way. The wife  Lucille Ball  on its. Sally. Feel really I was I was answering them does not mean. Referred to as Russell and because I can't ", 'gonna be able to. Anything this women. And the way. The wife Lucille Ball on its. Sally. Feel really I was I was answering them does not mean. Referred to as -- Russell and because I ', "you closure Got there has to be where Jackie's doing some particular thing. You can't it's like me remembering  Lucille Ball . You know with the conveyor. My guy again compare that with the Lucille Wallace one thing seventeen is greater than ", "-- Jackie's doing some particular thing. You can't it's like me remembering Lucille Ball . You know with the conveyor. My guy again compare that with the Lucille Wallace one thing seventeen is greater than what is "]