['force after World War II. In collaboration with Frederico Fellini, De Laurentiis produced "La Strada," starring  Anthony Quinn  and winning an Oscar in 1957. After he and business partner Carlo Ponti produced several Italian films together ', "audience share of as much as 50 percent. The duo parodied the syrtaki, the hugely popular Greek dance made famous by  Anthony Quinn  in the Academy Award winning 1964 film 'Zorba the Greek.' The first performance by the duo was a play on Michael ", 'Sabuda Publisher: Little Simon Price: $26.95 " Anthony Quinn \'s Eye: A Lifetime of Creating and Collecting Art Parini, Tom Roberts Publisher: Norton Price: $75 " Anthony Quinn \'s Eye: A Lifetime of Creating and Collecting Art ', 'Clementine Ford, daughter of Cybill Shepherd; Kansas Carradine, daughter of David Carradine; and Alex Quinn, son of  Anthony Quinn . Dunaway, who won an Oscar for the movie Network, has had her share of success and knows that it often takes a clever ', "envied women in Hollywood. She was a beautiful young starlet billed as the next Grace Kelly. She starred in films with  Anthony Quinn , Robert Wagner, Jeff Chandler, and Montgomery Clift, and was the top-billed actress in MGM's highest-grossing ", "plane crash in the Bahamas. The show business community also lost Jack Lemmon, Isaac Stern, Carroll O'Connor,  Anthony Quinn  and Joey Ramone. 9. The On-Again, Off-Again Emmys The Primetime Emmys had been scheduled to air Sept. 16 ", "plane crash in the Bahamas. The show business community also lost Jack Lemmon, Isaac Stern, Carroll O'Connor,  Anthony Quinn  and Joey Ramone. 9. The On-Again, Off-Again Emmys The Primetime Emmys had been scheduled to air Sept. 16 ", 'says Aykroyd, who plays an intelligence officer in Pearl Harbor. The Mighty Quinn A memorial service for the late  Anthony Quinn  will be held this Saturday at the First Baptist Church in America in Providence, R.I. The 86-year-old actor ', 'Anthony Quinn , a two-time Academy Award winner perhaps best known for starring as Zorba the Greek, has died at age 86. Quinn died around ', "envied women in Hollywood. She was a beautiful young starlet billed as the next Grace Kelly. She starred in films with  Anthony Quinn , Robert Wagner, Jeff Chandler, and Montgomery Clift, and was the top-billed actress in MGM's highest-grossing ", "Scarborough. The 37-year-old actress's first husband was actor Danny Quinn, the son of Academy Award winner  Anthony Quinn . They wed in 1991 but called it quits after less than three years. In 1994, she met Carrey on the set of Dumb ", "Scarborough. The 37-year-old actress's first husband was actor Danny Quinn, the son of Academy Award winner  Anthony Quinn . They wed in 1991 but called it quits after less than three years. In 1994, she met Carrey on the set of Dumb ", "Scarborough. The 37-year-old actress's first husband was actor Danny Quinn, the son of Academy Award winner  Anthony Quinn . They wed in 1991 but called it quits after less than three years. In 1994, she met Carrey on the set of Dumb ", "the quintessential Hollywood starlet. Fifty years ago Dolores Hart was at the top of her game appearing alongside  Anthony Quinn  Robert Wagner Montgomery Clift. They don't need You don't need me she even acted the dream of every young woman ", "ago Dolores Hart was at the top of her game appearing alongside Anthony Quinn Robert Wagner Montgomery Clift. They don't need -- You don't need me she even acted -- the dream of every young woman "]