['about the death of her sister,  Lynn Redgrave  , and the memorial she recently of the Redgrave family curse.  Lynn Redgrave  died earlier this month after generation, including Natasha.  Lynn Redgrave  often spoke candidly about her ', "capped most recently with actress  Lynn Redgrave 's death , all seemed to play of the Redgrave family curse.  Lynn Redgrave  died Sunday night at the age of daughter Natasha Richardson.  Lynn Redgrave  often spoke candidly about her ", 'British actress  Lynn Redgrave  , the star of "Georgy Girl" and elder sister, Vanessa Redgrave,  Lynn Redgrave  did receive Oscar nominations for expected to be the great actress,"  Lynn Redgrave  told The Associated Press in 1999 ', 'daughter of the actress Vanessa Redgrave and film director Tony Richardson, who died in 1991, the niece of the actress  Lynn Redgrave , and the granddaughter of Sir Michael Redgrave. More information Learn more about traumatic brain injury at the U ', 'of the actress Vanessa Redgrave and the film director Tony Richardson, who died in 1991, the niece of the actress  Lynn Redgrave , and the granddaughter of Sir Michael Redgrave. More information Learn more about traumatic brain injury at the U ', 'of the actress Vanessa Redgrave and the film director Tony Richardson, who died in 1991, the niece of the actress  Lynn Redgrave , and the granddaughter of Sir Michael Redgrave. "If you take the name Natasha Richardson out of the picture and ', 'and Grandfathering) a Child Out-of-Wedlock:  Lynn Redgrave  & John Clark Hollywood has seen all sorts of unorthodox exactly half his age. But far stranger is the story of  Lynn Redgrave  and John Clark. The couple had an open marriage, and ', 'Kill Your Neighbor s Dog a comedy about a Los Angeles-based playwright who s fallen on hard times, which also stars  Lynn Redgrave  will close the festival on September 16. This year, Toronto also plans to salute itself with a slew of special events ', "most famous families has died  Lynn Redgrave  who starred in movies and on stage London's most treasured actors  Lynn Redgrave  didn't have the notoriety of lengthy battle that took her life.  Lynn Redgrave  was just 67 years old. ABC news ", 'a member of one of acting -- most famous families has died Lynn Redgrave who starred in movies and on stage she was look at famous last name but. Made her very own name as soon ', "act. Acting dynasty the youngest child of tube London's most treasured actors Lynn Redgrave didn't have the notoriety of her older sister Vanessa. But was equally accomplished. Receiving three Tony nominations and two Oscar nominations what kind of man -- The latest for the role of the stunned housekeeper in gods and monsters. The actress was famously open about her struggles. After learning she had breast cancer she and her daughter documented the experience creating -- in -- journal for treatment. -- even lengthy battle that took her life. Lynn Redgrave was just 67 years old. -- -- -- ABC news New York. ", "most famous families has died  Lynn Redgrave  who starred in movies and on stage London's most treasured actors  Lynn Redgrave  didn't have the notoriety of lengthy battle that took her life  Lynn Redgrave  was just 67 years old. ABC news ", 'a member of one of acting -- most famous families has died Lynn Redgrave who starred in movies and on stage she was -- Look at famous last name but. Made her very own name as ', "Acting dynasty the youngest child of two of London's most treasured actors Lynn Redgrave didn't have the notoriety of her older sister Vanessa. But was equally accomplished. Receiving three Tony nominations and two Oscar nominations what kind of you. The latest for the role of the stunned housekeeper in gods and monsters. The actress was famously open about her struggles. After learning she had breast cancer she and her daughter documented the experience creating an in -- journal for treatment. Raven lengthy battle that took her life Lynn Redgrave was just 67 years old. -- -- -- ABC news New York. ", 'Actress  Lynn Redgrave  has died. She died last night at her home in Connecticut for seven year battle with breast cancer she was 67 yourself a great ', 'Actress Lynn Redgrave has died. She died last night at her home in Connecticut for seven year battle with breast cancer she was 67 yourself ', "Stairwell and remembered the actress  Lynn Redgrave  who lost her battle against most famous families has died  Lynn Redgrave  who starred in movies and on stage London's most treasured actors  Lynn Redgrave  didn't have the notoriety of ", "cool floats on the highway -- -- Stairwell and remembered the actress Lynn Redgrave who lost her battle against. From ABC news. This here's ABC world news with Diane Sawyer. Good evening and we haven't seen ", 'a member of one of acting -- most famous families has died Lynn Redgrave who starred in movies and on stage she was with the famous last name but. Made her very own name as soon ', "an acting dynasty. The youngest child of tube London's most treasured actors Lynn Redgrave didn't have the notoriety of her older sister Vanessa but was equally accomplished. Receiving three Tony nominations and two Oscar nominations what kind of the latest for the role of the stunned housekeeper in gods and monsters. The actress was famously open about her struggles. After learning she had breast cancer she and her daughter documented the experience creating -- in -- journal for treatment. -- raven lengthy battle that took her life Lynn Redgrave was just 67 years old. -- -- -- ABC news New York. There were a lot of alert people on Saturday night ", "entertainment royalty her mother is Vanessa Redgrave her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On  Lynn Redgrave . So vitamin experiments. You have to develop this really thick skin. Because otherwise we're disappointments or ", "is Vanessa Redgrave her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On Lynn Redgrave . So vitamin experiments. You have to develop this really thick skin. Because otherwise we're disappointments or humiliation. So let stuff. Is going "]