["She has started not one but two TV shows launched her own fashion line and is now best selling author of  Lauren Conrad  stardust on TV's mega hits Laguna Beach and the hills. And took about a less traveled by reality stars she became a Her first ", "launched her own fashion line and is now best selling author of Lauren Conrad stardust on TV's mega hits Laguna Beach and the hills. And took about a less traveled by reality stars she became a ", 'Sherodd Small and  Lauren Conrad  debate whether or not dumping a friend is a good idea.', "is always not around he had been alive need your attention since they absolutely cannot do you want to Monday. OK  Lauren Conrad  this is that is the girl from the hills she's 27 year old she apparently. What in yet there she is marking an annual ", "do you want to Monday. -- -- -- -- -- -- OK Lauren Conrad this is that is the girl from the hills she's 27 year old she apparently. What -- in yet there she is ", "well judges of the audience now OK and speaking of partnering. There I understand He has some news yes He is dating  Lauren Conrad  Vernon Hills. And some Hitler's famous. Strange up but it actually makes a lot of sense. cap conference just became ", "There -- I understand He has some news yes He is dating Lauren Conrad Vernon Hills. And some Hitler's famous. Strange -- up but it actually makes a lot of sense. -- cap conference just became ", "Anyone who wants to feel little. She's she's keeping it reasons keep in Iraq must have here so here we have  Lauren Conrad  who is office is up who is also with and she's known for her beautiful hair in Hollywood so picked her hair accessories ", "it reasons keep in Iraq must have here so here we have Lauren Conrad who is office is up who is also with -- and she's known for her beautiful hair in Hollywood so -- picked ", 'posting online tutorials from celebrity hair stylist candy Johnson you can get a little section. To reality TV star  Lauren Conrad  even Joan Rivers at 78 years young was recently seen rocky May seventh big fashion statement is not so long ago it ', 'Johnson -- you can get a little section. To reality TV star Lauren Conrad even Joan Rivers at 78 years young was recently seen rocky -- May seventh big fashion statement is not so long ago ', "favorites I'm excited about this because it's a mom turned jewelry designer turned extremely successful business owner  Lauren Conrad  to fan lots of celebrities are a picture that I wanted to use it was going to be my gift to you this morning from Brooklyn ", "because it's a mom turned jewelry designer turned extremely successful business owner Lauren Conrad to fan lots of celebrities are -- -- a picture that I wanted to use it was going to be my gift ", "people are buzzing about it the more they watch absolutely. And speaking of more reality TV reports are saying that  Lauren Conrad 's new reality show has been and what happened. Get the complete surprise on MTV was working with on the show for ", "watch absolutely. And speaking of more reality TV reports are saying that Lauren Conrad's new reality show has been and what happened. Get the complete surprise on MTV was working with -- on the show for ", 'know everyone here has an agenda. And if I can digress early on I sat next to her at one of the dinners and I have  Lauren Conrad  from the hills on the other side of me and I caught myself ground zero. Because every single person I ever met my ', 'sat next to her at one of the dinners and I have Lauren Conrad from the hills on the other side of me and I caught myself ground zero. Because every single person I ever met ', "her back have been stuck here to fill us in on all their latest story We're back welcome great to everything you so  Lauren Conrad  what is up with her she seems to be everywhere at Newsday she isn't she's doing so well after the hills whereas ", "latest story -- We're back welcome great to -- everything you so Lauren Conrad what is up with her she seems to be everywhere at Newsday she isn't she's doing so well after the hills whereas ", "future of these what do you make of  Lauren Conrad 's future in the industry think it's promised You know I think  Lauren Conrad  is doing a great job making herself biggest thing arts The fact that  Lauren Conrad  is that it works winning. Trophies ", "that -- they -- future of these what do you make of Lauren Conrad's future in the industry think it's promised -- You know I think Lauren Conrad is doing a great job making herself -- -- You know obviously it's reality star and you're unsure of where it's headed even though reality right now it's probably the biggest thing arts -- The fact that Lauren Conrad is that it works winning. Trophies alongside -- Smith an Adam Sandler is a real testament to how powerful these reality stars ", "a pool and a new life changes. Happens you know I happen. I guess I'll let that happen now that you got her LC  Lauren Conrad . I I'm I'm I'm margin in their you know LCC just. Is this seems like such sort of talk trash talker about there's ", "I guess I'll let that happen now that you got her LC Lauren Conrad . I I'm I'm I'm -- margin in their you know LCC just. Is this seems like such sort of talk trash talker ", "Speaking URO Lauren it it it's added that because as she was an original cast member. And He became friends  Lauren Conrad . You have a best friend and that he'd split up it is what is real sure. Each. It I have no animosity I think Bahrain ", "because as she was an original cast member. And He became friends Lauren Conrad . You have a best friend and that he'd split up -- -- -- -- it is what is real sure. Each. It ", 'transformers sequel which child will Begin working on by the end of the month. Despite Internet rumors that the hills star  Lauren Conrad  is insisting. Is she is still single but that blogs are buzzing after Conrad was seen out with my actor Kyle Howard ', 'the end of the month. Despite Internet rumors that the hills star Lauren Conrad is insisting. Is she is still single but that blogs are buzzing after Conrad was seen out with my -- actor Kyle ', "to us about the winner of the best new artist. Tokyo hotel that was a big surprise as well and you know it just as  Lauren Conrad  and chase Crawford who announced that particular app. A warns that isn't pretty big shoes to fill that your and ", "was a big surprise as well and you know it just as Lauren Conrad and chase Crawford who announced that particular app. A warns that isn't pretty big shoes to fill that your -- and fifty "]