["Matthew Dowd: George W. Bush's 'Tie to History' Is 'the Disastrous Decision' of the Iraq War", 'furloughs quickly because they were \'going to inconvenience them\' and that \'was unthinkable\' WILL: The comedian  Lily Tomlin  has a character "the bag lady" who says, "no matter how cynical you get, you can\'t keep up." Look what happened ', 'affected by the bill, Clinton and Vice President Al Gore participated in a three-way computer online link with actress  Lily Tomlin . Clinton signed the bill with a digital pen, "writing" his signature online. 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Olympics ', 'twists in the third season, Dos Santos said, with the addition of Martin Short and Campbell Scott to the cast and  Lily Tomlin  and Keith Carradine guest starring. 24: 9 p.m. Sunday, Jan. 17 on FOX Like "Lost," the return of this FOX ', 'two twin rabbits! Oh never mind ... it\'s just Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. They almost had me there. Is that  Lily Tomlin ? No silly, it\'s Heather Mills. More importantly, is she starting a "disguise line" along with her eco-friendly ', 'Animal-loving  Lily Tomlin  is due in Cape Cod\'s Provincetown Saturday for a show on MacMillan Pier to benefit Tomlin event can be found at onlyatthecrown.com . Saturday also has been proclaimed " Lily Tomlin  Day" in P-town.', "funnel cake. Yeah, so approximately no scenes from the movie were filmed outside of California but since Dolly Parton,  Lily Tomlin , and Jane Fonda totally kick their boss's butt, it would be anti-climactic to lurk around boring office buildings ", 'Kathy Griffin: My Life on the D-List," whose fifth season begins tonight at 10 p.m. ET on Bravo. Bette Midler ,  Lily Tomlin , Suzanne Somers, Rosie O\'Donnell , Christina Aguilera, T.I. and Paris Hilton are some of the marquee names who ', 'time, 25 years now. It\'s nice to feel that you\'re still relevant. People like Carol Burnett, Gilda Radner and  Lily Tomlin  were my role models. "America always had really good, strong women in comedy. I love that."', '300 in the second quarter, as did "The Nanny" actress Fran Drescher and television actress Joely Fisher. Actress  Lily Tomlin  gave Clinton $2,000, and civil rights activist and actress Ruby Dee gave Clinton $250. In the first quarter ', "to be. And I started talking to the nicest gentleman who was wearing beige tracks. And I wasn't wearing trumps.  Lily Tomlin  doing so you so much for coming in thank you get hooked up I I. I'd known her for awhile your because my my brother ", "nicest gentleman who was wearing beige tracks. And I wasn't wearing trumps. Lily Tomlin doing so -- you so much for coming in thank you -- -- -- get hooked up -- -- -- I I. ", "acted in record pass. The furloughs at the beginning of the week. By friday, a fix had been passed. The comedian  lily tomlin  has the character, bag lady, who says no matter how cynical you get, you can't keep up. 2 million americans fly ", "of the week. By friday, a fix had been passed. The comedian lily tomlin has the character, bag lady, who says no matter how cynical you get, you can't keep up. 2 million americans fly every ", "it. I'm having a great time, getting to work with  lily tomlin , for one thing is yaet point. The cast, the crew like in real life. And so hing a blast. Lillie mae,  lily tomlin 's character is a lot like my mama. Buddies, best ", "I'm loving it. I'm having a great time, getting to work with lily tomlin , for one thing is yaet point. The cast, the crew, the wryers. I just love them to pieces. I want to give ", "just like in real life. And so hing a blast. Lillie mae, lily tomlin's character is a lot like my mama. Buddies, best friends. You can't fake the chemistry. She's wonderful to work with, to hang ", 'you to this project? I love being on television. I love being on abc. And this is a fun show. I get to work with  lily tomlin , sarah rue. Great actors. I love television. I miss not getting to shoot the "reba" tv show when it left the air ', 'abc. And this is a fun show. I get to work with lily tomlin , sarah rue. Great actors. I love television. I miss not getting to shoot the "reba" tv show when it left the air. ', "that you literally. I physically and inches. And stay in my at least three inches in my hips and shrinking I am. The  Lily Tomlin  this season. Like doctors anyways yeah look yeah. Hey you yeah. I'm just man just stands there and she's doing ", "at least three inches in my hips and shrinking I am. The Lily Tomlin this season. Like doctors anyways yeah look yeah. Hey you yeah. I'm just -- man just stands there and she's doing ourselves. ", "Have I I've been roughly one half inches. And you say in my three inches in my hips I'm shrinking I am still  Lily Tomlin  this season. Color I like is always the hidden. Movie and David Arquette seen here in the recent Supreme Court can't ", "my -- three inches in my hips I'm shrinking I am still Lily Tomlin this season. Color I like -- is always the hidden. Movie and -- -- David Arquette seen here in the recent Supreme "]