["South Korea's most popular festival kicked off in South Chungcheong Province last weekend and will run until July 28. Festival organizers are expecting 3 million participants, with 10% from foreign countries. ", 'Visitors engage in activities from mud facials to mud marathons. Mud fountains, slides and wrestling tubs are also popular. ', "Wise move. You probably don't want to get it in your eyes, no matter how beneficial it is. ", 'Thanks to the mud festival, local beaches "are so full of foreign tourists that one could mistake them for Europe or the United States," reported local news agency Yonhap. ', "The festival was originally launched to promote the cosmetic benefits of Boryeong's local mud. Mud packs and other cosmetic items are for sale at pop-up gift booths at the festival. ", 'Festival organizers amped up the Family Zone this year to make it friendlier for traveling families. ', 'On top of the mud fest, a local beer company is adding a rock festival and beer festival to the mix. ', 'Face and body benefits maybe, but that stuff has got to be murder to get out of your hair. ', "(CNN) -- Call it the world's biggest mud fight or its largest group cosmetic treatment -- either way, millions of visitors are making their way to Boryeong, South Chungcheong Province this week for South Korea's most popular festival.", 'The 16th annual Boryeong Mud Festival, which kicked off this past weekend and will run until July 28, hopes to beat its record of 3 million participants last year.', "Organizers say this year's mud bath is expected to attract 300,000 foreign tourists, up 22,000 from last year. Korean media have reported that trains to Boryeong are already packed with dirt-ready foreigners.", 'Originally launched to promote the cosmetic benefits of the local mud, the festival has become an annual frenzy in which visitors take part in numerous mud-related activities, including mud wrestling and a mud marathon.', '"This year, we amped up the Famiily Zone to meet the demands of people traveling with children," say event organizers. "There are many foreign families traveling to Korea just for the festival."', 'Local beer company Hite Jinro (maker of the best-selling selling liquor in the world) is throwing a rock festival in Boryeong for the first time this year and hosting K-Pop concerts and "garden beer parties" until August.', 'To cater to the tastes of foreign visitors, some area restaurants are being converted into pizza and hamburger joints during the festival to provide dining options beyond traditional hoe-jip (Korean sashimi restaurants) or restaurants selling grilled shellfish.', 'Big, bold, beautiful -- the bridges, skyscrapers and other impressive projects that showcase human achievement. ', "It's probably the biggest country most of the world doesn't know a heckuva a lot about. That's changing.", 'What makes a classic dive bar? Everything from octogenarian bartenders to surly bouncers, ghosts and incontinent chickens. ', "The African island of Zanzibar isn't simply a sunny, sandy paradise but a place of bright beauty and dark history.", "Flag-jacking isn't enough. Here's some advice on how Americans can fake being Canadian. ", "There are so many Hong Kong hotel choices you're bound to make the wrong one. Here's help.", 'The results of an airborne survey confirm the existence of a medieval city buried beneath impenetrable jungle.', 'Not so long ago, having a layover between flights was like having skin graft surgery between root canals. Not anymore.', 'Seoul luxury hotels are in a pitched battle over "bingsu," Korea\'s beloved shaved ice dessert.']