['entertaining and funny Paul Rudd and writer/director Judd Apatow\'s talented, affable, entertaining and funny wife,  Leslie Mann . Also starring in "This Is 40? are Apatow\'s funny, talented and affable children, Maude and Iris Apatow, who ', "stars: Sambora will play the best friend of Apatow's real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and  Leslie Mann 's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and Eva Amurri By the time she had Eva Amurri, Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen ", "stars: Sambora will play the best friend of Apatow's real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and  Leslie Mann 's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and Eva Amurri By the time she had Eva Amurri, Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen ", 'take-off on "Knocked Up," according to Variety . It\'s a movie full of second-generation stars: Sambora will play the best friend of Apatow\'s real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and  Leslie Mann \'s two daughters.', "stars: Sambora will play the best friend of Apatow's real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and  Leslie Mann 's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and Eva Amurri By the time she had Eva Amurri, Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen ", "stars: Sambora will play the best friend of Apatow's real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and  Leslie Mann 's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and Eva Amurri By the time she had Eva Amurri, Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen ", "stars: Sambora will play the best friend of Apatow's real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and  Leslie Mann 's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and Eva Amurri By the time she had Eva Amurri, Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen ", "stars: Sambora will play the best friend of Apatow's real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and  Leslie Mann 's two daughters. Of course, Sambora is far from the first Hollywood daughter to follow in her mom's footsteps ", 'In the popular 2005 movie "The 40-Year-Old Virgin," actor Steve Carrell gets into a car with an inebriated  Leslie Mann , who asks him to blow into a device attached to the ignition. Carrell casually asks Mann what it is. "The judge ', 'Despite her conventional good looks,  Leslie Mann  has gravitated toward some very unconventional characters, and her latest role is no exception. In "Funny People," now in ', 'Apatow , 41, who produced the first three, and wrote, produced and directed the rest. Apatow and his wife, actress  Leslie Mann , sat down with ABC News Now\'s "Popcorn With Peter Travers" to promote Apatow\'s latest creation, "Funny People ', "Judd Apatow returns to directing with this comedy that's also got Oscar in its sights. Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen and  Leslie Mann  star. Sandler plays a famous comedian diagnosed with terminal cancer, who tries to change his curmudgeonly ways after ", "leslie mann . Indeed.  Leslie mann  is back up on the big screen, as a wife and mom facing a big birthday daughters. Here to talk about how art imitates life, is the lovely  leslie mann . Hello. Hello. We first met your character and paul rudd's ", 'leslie mann . Indeed. Leslie mann is back up on the big screen, as a wife and mom facing a big birthday, in the new comedy, "this is 40." It is a family affair, directed by her husband, judd apatow, and co-starring their real-life daughters. Here to talk about how art imitates life, is the lovely leslie mann . Hello. Hello. We first met your character and paul rudd\'s characters "knocked up." How did it feel to have debbie back in ', 'knocked up," and now judd apatow is back with a new film called "this is 40." Apatow\'s real-life wife,  leslie mann , is starring in the show, along with your daughters. It\'s a real family affair. For anyone of us living in the ', 'back with a new film called "this is 40." Apatow\'s real-life wife, leslie mann , is starring in the show, along with your daughters. It\'s a real family affair. For anyone of us living in the 40s, ', "becomes the child, they intrigue me. I want to show a clip here. John lithgow, the great john lithg lithgow. He plays  leslie mann 's father. He's a successful spinal surgeon. And I'm a curtain salesman out of business. And I'm just jealous ", "a clip here. John lithgow, the great john lithg lithgow. He plays leslie mann's father. He's a successful spinal surgeon. And I'm a curtain salesman out of business. And I'm just jealous of his income. Take ", "Previous mistake when he off right let's talk. I'm a movie that's out right now let's call this is forty its stars  Leslie Mann  used you know from she's playing the same character. He's tall rubber married knocked up and your peripheral characters ", "movie that's out right now let's call this is forty its stars Leslie Mann used you know -- from -- -- -- she's playing the same character. He's tall rubber married knocked up and your peripheral ", "the white hot Ryan Gosling and Carey Mulligan. And this is forty the new Judd Apatow comedies starring Paul Rudd and  Leslie Mann . Hollywood's hot new thing is. Albert Brooks yes Albert Brooks. The comedian and comic actor best known for delving ", "this is forty the new Judd Apatow comedies starring Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann . Hollywood's hot new thing is. Albert Brooks yes Albert Brooks. The comedian and comic actor best known for delving into neurosis delivers ", "on a plane when I watched Kate and Leopold. Actress  Leslie Mann  had a memorable if brief role in the forty year old virgin at all. I'm icons again you know until. Well now  Leslie Mann  is also married to after it's out there seems to big ", "I -- on a plane when I watched Kate and Leopold. Actress Leslie Mann had a memorable if brief role in the forty year old virgin has a -- woman. It's -- it's. Yeah -- can play and Axelsson. And a larger role in knocked up as Katherine -- -- sister and she -- sex at all. I'm -- icons again you know until. Well now Leslie Mann is also married to after it's out there seems to big a theme running through your husband's work about. Geeky man. Getting ", "on a plane when I watched Kate and Leopold. Actress  Leslie Mann  had a memorable if brief role in the forty year old version in knocked up as Katherine married sister. Well now  Leslie Mann  is also married to it's out there seems to be a a theme ", "I cried on a plane when I watched Kate and Leopold. Actress Leslie Mann had a memorable if brief role in the forty year old version as a drop woman. -- You. Can play and Axelsson and. And a larger role in knocked up as Katherine -- -- married sister. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Well now Leslie Mann is also married to -- it's out there seems to be a a theme running through your husband's work about. -- men. "]