["5 Things You Don't Know About Michelle Williams' Possible New Beau, Dustin Yellin", 'Schnabel, the young art dealer who was once linked to Demi Moore, but Lance Armstrong, Ben Stiller, Kate Hudson and  Kirsten Dunst  are all reportedly fans of his work. 5. HE LOVES DOGS : In 2012 (before Sandy hit), Yellin gave an interview to ', "Spotted Around Town: Julianne Hough on a 'Girls Weekend,' Bethenny Frankel Spinning-and More", 'going on all the rides with her girlfriends." But others hit the party with their significant others, including  Kirsten Dunst  and boyfriend Garrett Hedlund . "They were all over each other," an observer notes. "They wouldn\'t leave each ', "(Michael Tran/Getty Images) Who wouldn't want to kiss Brad Pitt? An 11-year-old  Kirsten Dunst  apparently. In a new interview in Bullett magazine, the now 30-year-old recalled her famous kiss with Pitt in the 1994 film ", 'ceremonies this year. A whole slew of celebrities are planning to attend the Creative Coalition Inaugural Ball, including  Kirsten Dunst , Ashley Greene, Matt Bomer, Paula Abdul, Taraji P. Henson, Omar Epps, David Arquette and Creative Coalition ', 'Dick" takes a facetious approach to the portrayal of Nixon by finding humor in the secrecy of "Deep Throat."  Kirsten Dunst  and Michelle Williams play two high school girls who are hired to be Nixon\'s dog walkers after a class trip to the ', 'she\'s doing Thursday night, the actress replied, "I\'m doing fine," The AP reported. In "On the Road" Stewart stars alongside British actor Sam Riley, Amy Adams and  Kirsten Dunst . The film is slated for U.S. release Dec. 21.', 'Meanwhile, Sofia Coppolla is making a film about the Bling Ring, starring Emma Watson and  Kirsten Dunst , that is due out next year.  Kirsten Dunst  Ironically, Dunst, herself, has been a victim of robbery. In August 2007, her suite at the ', 'Isla Fisher and her "Bachelorette" co-stars  Kirsten Dunst  and Lizzy Caplan stopped by " Good Morning Americ a" today to discuss their raunchy new comedy film, but it was a personal story ', '"Bachelorette," a new movie starring  Kirsten Dunst , Isla Fisher ("Confessions of a Shopoholic") and Lizzy Caplan ("New Girl"), has broken ground not only as a no-holds ', 'while residing at Cirque, and prohibited items include cellphones, laptops and expensive jewelry. Famous clientele:  Kirsten Dunst , Eva Mendes, Mary-Kate Olsen Passages Rehab Facility Co-founded by father and son team Chris and Pax Prentiss ', "Kirsten Dunst  on Going Nude for 'Melancholia': 'It Is Not Something I Feel Embarrassed About'", 'portrayal of a deeply depressed bride in "Melancholia,"  Kirsten Dunst  said the scenes where she bares it all are "beautiful Watch ABC\'s Juju Chang\'s full interview with  Kirsten Dunst  on " Nightline " TONIGHT at 11:35 p.m. ET', 'Will Ferrell-produced film is being billed as the next "Bridesmaids" and boasts a cast of A-listers including  Kirsten Dunst , Ilsa Fisher and James Mardsen. Also of note: "Liberal Arts," starring "How I Met Your Mother\'s" Josh Radnor ', 'this question?" After throwing around a few more non-sequiturs, he found his conclusion: "OK, I\'m a Nazi."  Kirsten Dunst  , one of the stars of the film, grew visibly uncomfortable sitting next to Trier. (She had her own personal moment ', "good things. Starring Ryan Gosling and our guest today  Kirsten Dunst . Here's will be with in just a minute to tell us about this mystery but first let's take a look at key  Kirsten Dunst  in all good things. Means it cost him to ask are you ", "called all good things. Starring Ryan Gosling and our guest today -- Kirsten Dunst . Here's -- will be with -- in just a minute to tell us about this mystery but first let's take a look at key Kirsten Dunst in all good things. Means it cost him to ask are you joking. On the -- with everything you -- because of ", "around the world from blockbuster role as an aspiring actors who ends up. Falling in love with a superhero and now  Kirsten Dunst . Is taking new risks here's ABC's juju Chang and Nightline in Even as a child actor Houston rarely played just ", "actors who ends up. Falling in love with a superhero and now Kirsten Dunst . Is taking new risks here's ABC's juju Chang and Nightline in -- Even as a child actor Houston -- rarely played just ", 'Lizzy Caplan,  Kirsten Dunst  & Isla Fisher spoke to Peter Travers at Sundance 2012 about new film.', "months ago she had another movie out and she joined esteemed colleague Elizabeth Vargas outside. And he along with  Kirsten Dunst  being discussed. We have a lot of you you. Instead it we set it on the big show all I don't just only her mom and ", 'and she joined esteemed colleague Elizabeth Vargas outside. And he along with Kirsten Dunst being discussed. We have a lot of you -- you. Instead it we set it on the big show -- all I ', "high school students working in the white house. Very, very false. That's a big, fat lie. Michelle williams and  kirsten dunst , though, made a movie of it. And our winner is -- it's sort of a tie. I'm hearing in the control room, more ", "house. Very, very false. That's a big, fat lie. Michelle williams and kirsten dunst , though, made a movie of it. And our winner is -- it's sort of a tie. I'm hearing in the control room, ", "run descriptive deliverables Iowa really disappointed. And it's a shame because the cast is really extraordinary  Kirsten Dunst  as 1 of the main central. Actresses in this and also on Wilson who was also in the bridesmaids film she is actually ", "disappointed. And it's a shame because the cast is really extraordinary -- Kirsten Dunst as 1 of the main central. Actresses in this and also on -- Wilson who was also in the bridesmaids film she "]