["or glam models. But the long-haired trend is now growing on little boys, including Ashlee Simpson's son,  Kourtney Kardashian 's little boy and 2-year-old Skyler, son of celebrity stylist Rachel Zoe. When Zoe recently posted a photo ", 'originally felt "like it\'s weird for him to be the only guy." Khloe\'s husband, Lamar Odom, and sister  Kourtney Kardashian \'s beau, Scott Disick, had been expected to bring him. But West was not at the doctor\'s appointment where ', 'to be the only guy," Khloe Kardashian told Ryan Seacrest Friday on his morning KIIS-FM show . But she said  Kourtney Kardashian \'s beau, Scott Disick, and Khloe Kardashian\'s husband, Lamar Odom, might bring Kanye at the end. But one ', 'and people would chime in. Now I see what she means!" she told Grazia magazine, referring to her older sister  Kourtney Kardashian , who has two children. PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Through the Years But Kardashian, 32, has also found plenty ', "As usual, the top 10 names on the list contain a little bit of pop culture. Mason, number 2, is the name of  Kourtney Kardashian 's son and Liam, number 6, is the name of Tori Spelling's son. But this year there's also a bit of tradition ", 'cleaners and baby products, is not alone in turning to corsets after giving birth. Stars like Gwyneth Paltrow,  Kourtney Kardashian  and Jennifer Garner have all been rumored to sport the tight-fitting tops after delivering their children ', 'issued an apology for the mocked-up ad, which leaked online last week. The animated ad depicts Kim , Khloe and  Kourtney Kardashian  bound and gagged in the trunk of a Ford Figo, with Paris Hilton winking from the front passenger seat. A similar ', 'certificate, and that\'s OK with both of us."  Kourtney Kardashian  and Scott Disick Kardashian doesn\'t have to look spirit on baby before marriage. Her older sister  Kourtney Kardashian  and Kourtney\'s longtime beau Scott Disick have ', 'Another angel to welcome to our family. Overwhelmed with excitement!," tweeted Kardashian\'s other sister,  Kourtney Kardashian , who has two children of her own. Kardashian\'s mother, Kris Jenner, expressed her excitement on Twitter ', "choices, a few names in the headlines recently fell out of popularity. Penelope, for example, the name of  Kourtney Kardashian  and Scott Disick's new daughter, fell out of the top 100 list, while Bella, the name of Kristen Stewart's ", "be rock stars or hippies. Or maybe glam models. But the long hair trend is growing on little boys. That's  kourtney kardashian 's little boy. And this is 2-year-old skylar, son of celebrity stylish rachel zoe. When she posted this ", "models. But the long hair trend is growing on little boys. That's kourtney kardashian's little boy. And this is 2-year-old skylar, son of celebrity stylish rachel zoe. When she posted this photos, she was instantly branded ", 'Time to get caught up all the latest celebrity headlines including the latest Hollywood may be alert. Jennifer Perez from us weekly magazine here violence pervades the thanks for being So your cover story Courtney ASEAN is pregnant. Very thinking and this you know light heartening news that At a', 'Goudie star  Kourtney Kardashian  in recently got a chance to test her acting chops. While in New York City filming Kourtney and Kim take New York dashing and a ', 'Goudie star Kourtney Kardashian in recently got a chance to test -- her acting chops. While in New York City filming Kourtney and Kim take New ']