['time at home with my family," she wrote. Read How  Kris Jenner  Called Kim\'s Baby \'Beautiful\' The "Keeping Up with a private family residence, according to her mother  Kris Jenner . She\'s yet to step out with the baby.', "Kris Jenner  recently revealed that she loves the name that Kim Kardashian and Kanye West chose for their daughter, and now, she's explaining ", 'daughter North , critics slammed the couple for choosing such an odd moniker. But the reality-TV star\'s mother,  Kris Jenner , is defending the choice. "I think it\'s great. Why not?" Jenner said during an interview with Fox 4 News in ', 'birth, the couple has been spending a considerable amount of time with Kardashian\'s family, including her mother,  Kris Jenner , who has called the infant "beautiful." But in the W story, West showed that they don\'t always share a super-tight ', 'apparently loving her new role as mom. "[The baby is] doing great and she\'s beautiful," Kardashian\'s mother,  Kris Jenner  has said . "We\'re all fine. We\'re all good and extremely happy and thrilled for the new baby."', 'congratulate the 32-year-old, to which she responded, "Can\'t believe it! It\'s so crazy!" Kardashian matriarch  Kris Jenner  appeared on the red carpet during the Daytime Emmys Sunday night, telling reporters her newest granddaughter is "doing ', 'came from me." Kardashian gave birth to a baby girl on Saturday . "She\'s doing great and she\'s beautiful,"  Kris Jenner , the Kardashian matriarch, 57, told HLN Sunday night at the Daytime Emmys . "We\'re all fine. We\'re all good ', 'Kambouris/WireImage/Getty) Kim Kardashian gave birth to a baby girl on Saturday and, according to her mother,  Kris Jenner , the baby is following in her mom\'s footsteps. "She\'s doing great and she\'s beautiful," the Kardashian matriarch ', 'took to Twitter to wish the dads in their lives a happy Father\'s Day - including Bruce Jenner and Scott Disick. But  Kris Jenner  noted the special significance of this Father\'s Day for new parents, tweeting "HAPPY FATHERS DAY @kanyewest ', 'little girl." Kardashian, 32, learned the news during a doctor\'s appointment that she went to with her mother,  Kris Jenner , and her sisters, Kourtney and Khloe. So where was West? "The baby was always in a position where you couldn\'t ', 'He had a concert." And while fans of the family are eagerly anticipating Kim\'s bundle of joy, her mother,  Kris Jenner , admits to feeling jittery. "I\'m really just nervous about Kim giving birth and getting through this whole baby ', 'moment," she said. When she does have kids, Kardashian said she won\'t be a "momanger" like her own mother,  Kris Jenner . "[Once my mom told me] I was gaining weight, but she was talking to me as a manager, like I was ruining a brand ', "Kelly and yet just had a baby drill off five early June 15 they named know what. There's been a lot of controversy. Coming it's funny but do you want your child northwest. And would you have preferred that had been and I don't pan out. Our hot and grab mind get out says decisions. About how do you", 'She is the head and the heart of the cards asking an empire. My manager Chris Jenner does at all from making deals to managing a household raising a family. And now her life is an open book literally Jenner has penned a memoir called Chris Jenner and all things and. Well disappointing Fisher. You', "kardashian's chaotic weekend. We're all fine. We're all good and extremely happy. Reporter: The baby's grandmother  kris jenner  was all-smiles on sunday. And ryan seacrest said on his show, that kardashian e-mailed him with the news. I said ", "all fine. We're all good and extremely happy. Reporter: The baby's grandmother kris jenner was all-smiles on sunday. And ryan seacrest said on his show, that kardashian e-mailed him with the news. I said, congrats my "]