["clearly a genius and clearly. You know has read and understood hiding and uniting you know has been around and so and and  Keri Russell 's character is. Seems like kind of an all girl and her jeans and shirt with her accent but it turns out. She teaches ", "-- uniting -- you know has been around and so and and Keri Russell's character is. Seems like kind of an all girl and her jeans and shirt with her accent but -- it turns out. ", "number one. Number one totally surprising to me  Keri Russell  and Scott Speed men who not dating again. I on the brain. Said that's our number line  Keri Russell  and statement.  Keri Russell  beating out Britney Spears that is amazing to ", "and number one traffic number one. Number one totally surprising to me Keri Russell and Scott Speed men who -- -- not dating again. I think this is searchers wish fulfillment these guys are co stars on felicity. They didn't -- years ago they're not dating now but there's still -- very very important to searchers. Searchers have them on the brain. Said that's our number line Keri Russell and -- statement. Keri Russell beating out Britney Spears that is amazing to me that may be changing now and a couple days we'll just have to ", "Baghdad elephant. OK here we once upon a this holiday season the movie take this new twist on an old ritual Adam Sandler  Keri Russell 's star and bedtime stories. I asked Adam what bad times were like when He was a kid it's not like we had bedtime ", "the movie take this new twist on an old ritual Adam Sandler Keri Russell's star and bedtime stories. I asked Adam what bad times were like when He was a kid it's not like we had ", "liked. Came the Adam her Green dress and color and with her hair color your skin color and I also case Atlanta and  Keri Russell . I thought Russell just for so that's a hard colored aware very I thought she just looked so. I don't she just ", "hair color your skin color and I also -- case Atlanta and Keri Russell . I thought -- Russell just for so that's a hard colored aware very I thought she just looked so. I don't she "]