['alum Kimberley Locke. Susan Lucci, who has played  Erica Kane  for over four decades, may be the biggest star on actress said in a statement Thursday. "I loved playing  Erica Kane  and working with [show creator] Agnes Nixon and all ', 'the afternoon." "Cheryl," a marketing professional who didn\'t want her real name used, likes to have lunch with  Erica Kane . "My dirty little secret, and I am obviously now heartbroken, is watching \'All My Children\' from 1 to 2 p.m ', 'Actress Susan Lucci , who\'s played  Erica Kane  on "All My Children" for more than CLICK HERE to see photos of Lucci as  Erica Kane  through the years. Read an excerpt nuances that bring the dialogue and  Erica Kane  to life, and then I fill it all ', 'tighter budgets, shrunken ad revenues and competition for viewer attention from new media. Susan Lucci, who has played  Erica Kane  on "All My Children" since its 1970 inception, talked to "Nightline" about the challenges facing the industry ', 'have pretty much seen it all. Take  Erica Kane  , the most famous Pine Valley resident life-saving transplant for her daughter.  Erica Kane  has been through a lot. But the Lucci, who has played the immortal  Erica Kane  for 39 years, through thick and ', 'star has performed on Broadway and in cabarets across the country while developing her own cosmetic and fashion lines.  Erica Kane  fans need not worry -- Lucci will continue to work on "All My Children" while dancing on "DWTS." She\'ll be paired ', 'Who says only 20-somethings are allowed to wear sexy lingerie? Emmy-winning Susan Lucci plays the steamy  Erica Kane  on the soap All My Children, and now she is bringing that heat to a new arena. One of the things, Lucci says she and ', "as separate from who they are as people can have a tough time. I think Susan Lucci has to understand that she is not  Erica Kane , and if you can't do that, don't go on these shows. John from nas1.mon.gblx.net at 6:26pm ET Why do you ", 'Life, love, death and drama: Which soap did viewers pick as their all time favorite?', "Christopher Walken Interview: 'Seven Psychopaths' Actor Says He Has No Hobbies but, 'I like to Work'", "like having a hobby and then you get the EB. You know I and has no evidence if it's a failure. You eat I could be  Erica Kane  two things like tennis they're biking. But. You get to it. And and you know what's in it and and also exercise ", "evidence if it's a failure. You eat I could be -- -- Erica Kane two things like tennis they're biking. But. You get to it. And and you know what's in it and and also exercise. ", "heard the apocalypse Susan Lucci watch nearly 1000. Characters come and go since 1970. When she first got hired as  Erica Kane . She was 23. I want a special I'm going. I love acting is script every day I love playing these pioneer and associated ", "Characters come and go since 1970. When she first got hired as Erica Kane . She was 23. I want a special I'm going. I love acting is -- -- script every day I love playing these ", "obviously. And you know there was a pivotal scene in  Erica Kane 's life where she. Got to be a moderately consent mom I think should write a book because everybody knows  Erica Kane  but nobody knows you. And also he a lot of the girls ", "day one obviously. And you know there was a pivotal scene in Erica Kane's life where she. Got to be a moderately consent. And I remembers child's life I'm going to be tasks like that and ", "-- said mom I think should write a book because everybody knows Erica Kane but nobody knows you. And also he -- a lot of the girls he dates once they know I'm his mom they ", "something really really good. I know show and she's. Totally capable of doing it. The curtain also came down on  Erica Kane . I need you. give a damn what you need. In September All My Children became the latest in a long string of daytime ", "she's. Totally capable of doing it. The curtain also came down on Erica Kane . I need you. -- -- -- -- give a damn what you need. In September All My Children became the latest in ", "decades is played time's biggest diva  Erica Kane  on the soap All My Children. What can't. She's kinda scandalous  Erica Kane  on All My Children for more than was just eat a that I'm going.  Erica Kane  matured into fix it plowed through ", "actress Susan Lucci. Who for decades is played -- time's biggest diva Erica Kane on the soap All My Children. What might surprise -- was just how little light resembles are believed she is ABC's -- ", "all time. I'm Erica -- here -- You can't. She's kinda scandalous Erica Kane on All My Children for more than forty years starting with the character was just eat -- -- a -- that I'm going. Erica Kane matured into -- -- fix it plowed through countless romances. Husbands and untold number of heart breaks. Top dramatic crescendo this. Why ", 'the house tour I asked her if she show me his signature Erica Kane who. She -- perfected the -- into an art form all her own I recruited my producer Stephen Baker to be our ', "Erica Kane  you know she organized a prison escape I Susan Lucci has played the scandalous  Erica Kane  on All My Children for more than forty close I couldn't resist a request to  Erica Kane  learning the art of first indigenous ", 'Erica Kane you know she organized a prison escape expose a Nazi fought -- -- grizzly bear married eleven times. And she did at ', "aren't I'm staying. Defense I -- Susan Lucci has played the scandalous Erica Kane on All My Children for more than forty years beginning when the character was just fifteen. Kathleen black her role earned her ", "-- -- coming to a close I couldn't resist a request to Erica Kane learning the art of first indigenous. Using a producer as our victim I'm gonna wind up big time and look like I'm "]