['Fan favorite Boba Fett in "Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi." Disney and Lucasfilm have yet to say which characters will be featured in the upcoming spinoff films.', 'The "Star Wars" franchise will get two spinoff movies, Disney chief executive officer Bob Iger announced Tuesday.', '"We are in development of a few standalone films that are not part of the \'Star Wars\' saga," he said. "There are now creative entities working on developing scripts for what would be those standalone films."', 'The two films, if they make it out of development, will be released after Episode VII, which Iger said is on target for summer 2015.', 'Lawrence Kasdan and Simon Kinberg each will write one of the new films and consult on the next three "Star Wars" sequels.', '"Each standalone film will focus on a specific character," Lucasfilm said on its starwars.com site. Lucasfilm will disclose more details about the spinoff in the future, Iger said.', 'Kasdan wrote the screenplays for "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi." He also penned the script for "Raiders of the Lost Ark."', 'Kinberg has written eight screenplays, according to the Internet Movie Database. His works include "Mr. & Mrs. Smith" and "Sherlock Holmes." He also did the screenplay for the next installment in the "X-Men" films, according to IMDB.com.', 'The announcement comes three months after Disney bought Lucasfilm for $4 billion and just days after it revealed that J.J. Abrams has been signed to direct the next "Star Wars" episode.', 'Abrams has experience with movies in blockbuster franchises. He directed the 2009 "Star Trek" movie and his company, Bad Robot, produced "Mission: Impossible Ghost Protocol," the 2011 movie in that franchise. In addition to his film work, Abrams has a long resume on TV. He created "Felicity," "Alias," "Lost" and "Fringe," among others.', 'The release of 3-D versions of "Star Wars" Episodes II and III, previously planned for next fall, have been postponed while Lucasfilm focuses on new episodes, executives announced last week.', 'Advocates say the exam includes unnecessarily invasive and irrelevant procedures -- like a so-called "two finger" test.', 'Supplies of food, clothing and fuel are running short in Damascus and people are going hungry as the civil war drags on. ', 'Supporters of Richard III want a reconstruction of his head to bring a human aspect to a leader portrayed as a murderous villain.', 'Robert Fowler spent 130 days held hostage by the same al Qaeda group that was behind the Algeria massacre. He shares his experience.', 'As "We are the World" plays, a video shows what looks like a nuclear attack on the U.S. Jim Clancy reports on a bizarre video from North Korea.', 'The relationship is, once again, cold enough to make Obama\'s much-trumpeted "reset" in Russian-U.S. relations seem thoroughly off the rails.', 'Ten years on, what do you think the Iraq war has changed in you, and in your country? Send us your thoughts and experiences.', 'Musician Daniela Mercury has sold more than 12 million albums worldwide over a career span of nearly 30 years.', 'Photojournalist Alison Wright travelled the world to capture its many faces in her latest book, "Face to Face: Portraits of the Human Spirit."', "Europol claims 380 soccer matches, including top level ones, were fixed - as the scandal widens, CNN's Dan Rivers looks at how it's done.", 'That galaxy far, far away is apparently bigger than first thought. The "Star Wars" franchise will get two spinoff movies, Disney announced.', "It's an essential part of any trip, an activity we all take part in. Yet almost none of us are any good at it. Souvenir buying is too often an obligatory slog."]