['Angelina Jolie at the International Criminal Court watching the trial of a Congolese warlord charged with using child soldiers on May 19, 2009. Feb. 22: Angelina Jolie at the 81st annual Oscars. Feb. 22: Angelina Jolie at the 81st annual Oscars. Feb. 22: Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie embrace at the 81st annual Oscars. Feb. 22: Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie at the 81st annual Oscars. Feb. 8, 2009: Angelina Jolie poses with partner Brad Pitt at the British Academy Film Awards 2009 at The Royal Opera House in London. Jan. 30, 2009: Angelina Jolie waves to photographers as she holds a press conference in Tokyo while promoting "Changeling." Jan. 29, 2009: Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt posed for photos on the red carpet during Japan premier of "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button." Jan. 27, 2009: Angelina Jolie arrives at Narita International Airport in Narita in Japan with Brad Pitt and their six children- Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, and twins Knox and Vivienne. Jan. 25, 2009: Angelina Jolie ...', 'Stunt double for Angelina Jolie  sues News Corp. over alleged phone hacking; 1st case in US', "A woman who worked as a stunt double for Angelina Jolie sued Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. in Los Angeles on Tuesday, claiming she's a victim of a phone hacking scheme...", "My wife's choice, like Angelina Jolie's , is rooted in bravery and courage, not fear", 'It\'s been nearly a month since Angelina Jolie, 38, broke the news that she had undergone a double preventive mastectomy. And it has been barely a week since the "Gir...', 'Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have stepped out together at the premiere of zombie thriller "World War Z" -- Jolie\'s first public appearance since announcing last mont...', 'U.S. actress Angelina Jolie made her first public appearance over the weekend, two weeks after announcing that she had undergone a double mastectomy, at the world pr...', 'Angelina Jolie sat in a courtside booth Tuesday at the International Criminal Court and watched the trial of a Congolese warlord charged with using child soldiers.In...', 'U.S. actor Matt Damon, famous for such films as "Invictus" and "The Bourne Identity," is currently vacationing on the Pacific coast beaches of Costa Rica, media repo...', 'Angelina Jolie  debuta ante Consejo de Seguridad de ONU, pide acabar con violaciones en guerra', "Actress Angelina Jolie is making her debut before the U.N.'s most powerful body as a special envoy for refugees and urging the world's nations to make the fight agai..."]