['another actress. PHOTOS: Miley Cyrus Through the Years The "Can\'t Be Tamed" singer retweeted a note from actress  Evan Rachel Wood  Thursday that said, "The fact that we live in a world which condones the stripping of basic human rights (dignity ', 'on your favorite celebrities. The Leather Dinosaur Studded Headband was recently seen on actresses Hilary Duff and  Evan Rachel Wood . The Thin Leather Headwrap was worn recently by Charlize Theron and Olivia Wilde. All Jennifer Behr pieces are handmade ', 'American Horror Story Kelly Macdonald, Boardwalk Empire Maggie Smith, Downton Abbey Sofia Vergara, Modern Family  Evan Rachel Wood , Mildred Pierce Best Performance By An Actor in A Supporting Role in A Series, Mini-Series Or Motion Picture ', 'also doesn\'t hurt that Globe voters love "Horror Story" creator Ryan Murphy, honoring his "Glee" last year.  Evan Rachel Wood  poses the biggest threat with her arresting performance as Kate Winslet\'s ungrateful daughter in "Mildred Pierce ', 'up with Sean Penn, who is twice her age -- but it\'s happening right before our eyes.  Evan Rachel Wood  and Marilyn Manson. We thought  Evan Rachel Wood  was that sweet girl from "Once and Again" -- until she appeared in Marilyn Manson\'s video ', 'For  Evan Rachel Wood  , gender isn\'t an issue. "I\'m up for anything. Meet a nice androgynous things. Guys, girls ... I\'m into androgyny in general."  Evan Rachel Wood . But Wood is also attracted to traditionally feminine features ', 'look slightly mismatched but personality-wise, they really make it work," she said. The oddest couple might be  Evan Rachel Wood  and Marilyn Manson. Lee said CanDoBetter just might appeal to its members because, "It\'s human nature to want ', "Hollywood's hot young actresses from Abbie Cornish to  Evan Rachel Wood . Among the new and familiar faces, two, Carey love interest in Gus Van Sant's next film.  Evan Rachel Wood Evan Rachel Wood , 24, mesmerized audiences in Catherine Hardewicke's ", "Hotties Who've Been Spotted On His Arm: Kim Basinger,  Evan Rachel Wood  (maybe?), Bai Ling, Courtney Love, Elena (above Lords, Jenna Jameson, Rose McGowan, Dita Von Tesse,  Evan Rachel Wood  (above), Isani Griffith, Stoya His Hotness: -1 ", 'necks . When your husband is that old, you have to be ready for a blood transfusion at any time! Marilyn Manson and  Evan Rachel Wood  got together when Mason was 38 and Wood was 19. The rocker freak said he thought of his new GF as his "twin ', 'screwball comedy "King of California" could have been a great acting showcase for its stars Michael Douglas and  Evan Rachel Wood . The movie, unfortunately, fell short of expectations. So do the home video release\'s extras.', 'When  Evan Rachel Wood  swings around her long, blond hair and thrusts out her newly studded tongue at her mother in the movie Thirteen, parents of adolescent ', 'When  Evan Rachel Wood  swing her long, blond hair and thrusts out her newly studded tongue at her mother in the movie Thirteen, parents of adolescent ', "True actress  Evan Rachel Wood  is opening up about her love life in an interview with Esquire magazines in Esquire magazine's may issue. Wood says she's ", "True -- actress Evan Rachel Wood is opening up about her love life in an interview with Esquire magazines in Esquire magazine's may issue. Wood says she's into ", 'the music of The Beatles opens in select cities today it opens nationwide September 20 forced. And here with me is  Evan Rachel Wood . Jim Sturgis Dana Fuchs Martin Luther and TV Carpio all those singing right dancing live black black Al one of the ', 'today it opens nationwide September 20 forced. And here with me is Evan Rachel Wood . Jim Sturgis Dana Fuchs Martin Luther and TV Carpio -- -- all those singing right dancing live black black Al -- -- ']