['Actress Brigid Brannagh ("Army Wives") is 41. Violinist Jimmy De Martini of Zac Brown Band is 37. Actress  Evangeline Lilly  is 34. Singer Holly Arnstein of Dream is 28. Bassist Brent Kutzle of OneRepublic is 28.', "directional change praised by cast and TV critics, Lost's May finale looked ahead to find that Jack and Kate ( Evangeline Lilly ), and possibly some others from the island, made it back to civilization. The episode ended with a bearded ", 'produced a free video, "Just Yell Fire," starring some of television\'s biggest names, including Josh Holloway and  Evangeline Lilly  from "Lost." "My cousin is a set designer from \'Lost,\' and he hooked it up. We really wanted a celebrity ', 'Matthew Fox as Jack, Jorge Garcia as Hurley, Josh Holloway as Sawyer, Daniel Dae Kim as Jin, Yunjin Kim as Sun,  Evangeline Lilly  as Kate, Elizabeth Mitchell as Juliet, Dominic Monaghan as Charlie and Terry O\'Quinn as Locke. "Lost" was ', 'unexplained time travel to bizarre psychological experiments, the plot lines of ABC\'s "Lost" keep fans guessing.  Evangeline Lilly , the show\'s beautiful castaway, recently visited "Good Morning America" to help explain what exactly was happening ', 'America" went on location in Hawaii for an inside look at Season 3. In one scene, Sawyer and Kate, played by  Evangeline Lilly , watch from cages as Jack is led away by the Others. Fox posed the question that\'s on every viewer\'s mind ', '3. Portia de Rossi: An under-the-radar fashion icon, wearing the designer of the moment, Zac Posen. 4.  Evangeline Lilly : This "Lost" actress is coming into her own. She was right on with her Versace strapless, eggplant dress (the ', "Gwyneth's ironically virginal Bo Peep look,  Evangeline Lilly  as the green-eyed goddess, and Rachel Weisz's is definitely a don't, but green-eyed goddess  Evangeline Lilly 's '80s prom homage to emerald was more fab than ", 'congregated around a single microphone, and swore to answer no questions about where the plot of their show was heading.  Evangeline Lilly  said that even some celebrities -- including Clooney -- had been asking for clues. She said Zach Braff described ', 'But pressure mounted as the time for location filming closed in and they still had no leading lady. Then they saw  Evangeline Lilly , who had done some missionary work in the Philippines and some modeling in her native Canada. Lilly beat out hundreds ', "enough correct sorry that was set up our Which we will now watch in this very intricate plot this is case. Played by  Evangeline Lilly  in this conundrum. When just tell me Jack clean he's always tell me. Somebody once again. Life. As a lawyer ", "now watch in this very intricate plot this is case. Played by Evangeline Lilly in this conundrum. When -- just tell me Jack clean he's always tell me. Somebody once again. Life. As a lawyer in ", "didn't take a wider shot it's not about me right now we have  Evangeline Lilly . Yeah that's what it's all about that the going to be talking about lost now tonight we have a big episode. This year this ", "take a wider shot it's not about me right now we have Evangeline Lilly . Yeah that's what it's all about that the -- -- -- going to be talking about lost now tonight we have a ", "is back in 2009 which He apparently made these comments. Over on being another actress getting a lot of searches  Evangeline Lilly  who will apparently be joining the cast of the new public movie from Peter Jackson the former star from ABC's lost ", "these comments. Over on being another actress getting a lot of searches Evangeline Lilly who will apparently be joining the cast of the new public movie from Peter Jackson the former star from ABC's lost. Some ", "best possible tonight let's roll when of that if you believe the dream I just test. And Unionists. Creation little in Vermont. This crazy home. This poor man. That was  Evangeline Lilly  the star of talking about that that was fantastic.", '-- -- -- -- This crazy home. This poor man. That was Evangeline Lilly the star of -- talking about that that was fantastic. ']