["details nine take dead that the that's myself as well. Excited new daddy gushed about how happy they new parents and just about setting up a eight. The future couple met through mutual friend  Drew Barrymore  and I cannot 2000 is in.", 'up a -- eight. The future -- couple met through mutual friend Drew Barrymore and I cannot 2000 -- is in. ', 'a real accomplishment. Fallon and his wife, producer Nancy Juvonen Fallon, the co-owner of Flower Films with  Drew Barrymore , are the latest celebrities to pull of such a feat. Click through to see more: See Celebs Who Share Royal Baby ', 'about the arrival of their beautiful daughter," their rep tells People. The couple, who co-own Flower Films with  Drew Barrymore , were married in December 2007. Related: Jimmy Fallon to Replace Jay Leno It\'s been a big year for New York\'s ', 'Climber could think was: wasn\'t that the plot of "The Animal"? Sandler said he was filming a new movie with  Drew Barrymore  in South Africa when he took a day off to take a private safari. He was helping to feed a cheetah when the cat jumped ', 'Diaz said at the time. "We had a great time!" Timberlake is now married to actress Jessica Biel.  Drew Barrymore  and Luke Wilson  Drew Barrymore  and Luke Wilson, co-stars in the 1998 film "Home Fries," dated from 1996-1998, but stayed ', 'The actress recently took a break from the kids for a girls weekend in Mexico with famous friends Cameron Diaz and  Drew Barrymore . PHOTOS: Celebrity Baby Boom "It\'s nice to hang with Drew because we both just had babies and we can support ', "(Photo credit: Eric Damassa)  Drew Barrymore  chose her daughter's name-Olive-when she was three months pregnant, and, she says, it was more perfect than she ever could ", "Spotted Around Town: Julianne Hough on a 'Girls Weekend,' Bethenny Frankel Spinning-and More", 'Five Timers Club," which includes Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, Alec Baldwin, Tom Hanks, Candice Bergen, and  Drew Barrymore  to name a few. SNL generations came together when Steve Martin and Dan Akroyd\'s "Wild and Crazy Guys" appeared ', 'Wisconsin\'s Greg Ferrian, who has experience in these kinds of situations. Last year\'s movie "Big Miracle," starring  Drew Barrymore , was inspired by Ferrian and others who used special ice-fishing equipment to help rescue three whales trapped ', 'Drew Barrymore  has had many roles since her acting career began when she was a child after two stints in rehab to battle drug and alcohol addiction. WATCH:  Drew Barrymore  Discusses Her Past She and Kopelman got married in June, and she told ', '(Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images) It\'s a girl for  Drew Barrymore . The "Big Miracle" star and her husband, Will Kopelman, welcomed their first child, a baby girl named Olive, Sept. 26 ', 'married in the first place," Presley said in a statement at the time. "It was a big mistake."  Drew Barrymore  and Tom Green  Drew Barrymore  changes her marital status the way most people change their water filters. After two engagements during ', 'and "Miami Vice," although he\'s more likely to be cast as the bad guy than the heartthrob. Theroux played  Drew Barrymore \'s evil ex in "Charlie\'s Angels Full Throttle" and the evil wizard Leezar in this year\'s "Your Highness ', "details nine take dead that the that's myself as well. Excited new daddy gushed about how happy they new parents and just about setting up a eight. The future couple met through mutual friend  Drew Barrymore  and I cannot 2000 is in.", 'up a -- eight. The future -- couple met through mutual friend Drew Barrymore and I cannot 2000 -- is in. ', "We're here with  drew barrymore . Actress, director, producer being the biggest change about  drew barrymore ? Well, she's made me a morning It is available at walmart.  Drew barrymore , mogul, of wine, of films ", "We're here with drew barrymore . Actress, director, producer, of plenty of movies. But new projects in the mix now that she's excited about. Like a brand-new makeup ", "changed your life, what do you notice being the biggest change about drew barrymore ? Well, she's made me a morning person. Well, we love that. Thank you, olive. Yeah. I don't know that I've seen you ", 'Yeah. You guy, it is called flower. It is available at walmart. Drew barrymore , mogul, of wine, of films, of makeup and of olive. ', 'New mom,  drew barrymore , debuting her baby, olive, on the cover of "people" magazine Reporter: This "charlie\'s angel" now has her own little angel.  Drew barrymore  debuting olive on the cover of "people." And opening up about ', 'New mom, drew barrymore , debuting her baby, olive, on the cover of "people" magazine. And opening up on how she plans to raise her daughter. Tanya rivero has the story. Reporter: This "charlie\'s angel" now has her own little angel. Drew barrymore debuting olive on the cover of "people." And opening up about the best role of her career so far, being a mom. ', "What would you like them to know about your fiance. That he is they've really good per And and proud of my choice  Drew Barrymore  recent engagement to art consultant will Koppel's son of a former Chanel CEO is just one of the choices she's ", "they've really good per -- And and proud of my choice -- Drew Barrymore -- recent engagement to art consultant will Koppel's son of a former Chanel CEO is just one of the choices she's excited ", "One of our favorite living on the big screen drew bear more is always a lot of funds to talk to her about including her film it's called big. Miracle cure thank you say they have to save the crowd chanted. if you have always been one that we just root for and for. And we feel like we've grown up", "be talking all morning about you bury mark the Hollywood wedding so I'll dig at People Magazine did not want to covers. The blushing bride to anymore her wedding had at all. The bride was beautiful she was just gorgeous integrating Roman an A list guest list people got the exclusive. And deep"]