['year. Actresses competing for top comedy acting honors are Laura Dern for "Enlightened"; Lena Dunham for "Girls";  Edie Falco  for "Nurse Jackie"; Amy Poehler for "Parks and Recreation" and Julia Louis-Dreyfus, who claimed the trophy last ', '30 Rock," NBC. Actress, Comedy Series: Laura Dern, "Enlightened," HBO; Lena Dunham, "Girls," HBO;  Edie Falco , "Nurse Jackie," Showtime; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation," NBC; Tina Fey, "30 Rock," NBC; Julia Louis-Dreyfus ', 'Actress in a Comedy Series Tina Fey, 30 Rock Lena Dunham, Girls Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Veep Laura Dern, Enlightened  Edie Falco , Nurse Jackie Amy Poehler, Parks and Recreation Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series Alec Baldwin, 30 Rock Jason ', 'Gandolfini was 51. PHOTOS: James Gandolfini Through the Years Among Gandolfini\'s "Sopranos" co-stars present were  Edie Falco , Joe Pantoliano and Aida Turturro, who were among the first to arrive. Jamie-Lynn Sigler, Lorraine Bracco, Michael ', 'News. Carmella Remembers Tony The Social Climber is still reeling from the death of James Gandolfini. Here\'s what  Edie Falco , who for a decade played Carmella to his Tony on the hit HBO show "The Sopranos," had to say: "I am shocked and ', 'performance. Jackie Peyton, "Nurse Jackie" She won a ton of awards alongside Gandolfini as Carmelo Soprano, but  Edie Falco \'s performance as a drug-addled nurse in the Showtime show "Nurse Jackie" has also earned her acclaim. She\'s ', 'you can\'t change your genes." Fans and friends are paying tribute to Gandolfini today. His on-screen wife,  Edie Falco , remembered the "man of tremendous depth and sensitivity" who "treated us all like family with a generosity, loyalty ', "Edie Falco  Remembers James Gandolfini: Our On-Screen Love 'Was One of the Greatest'", '(Photo credit: Kevin Mazur/WireImage for Tony Awards) For six seasons on "The Sopranos" James Gandolfini and  Edie Falco  played Tony and Carmela Soprano-a married couple (with ties to the mob) raising their two children in New Jersey ', 'Lead Actress, Comedy: Julia Louis-Dreyfus Nominees are: Zooey Deschanel, "New Girl"; Lena Dunham, "Girls";  Edie Falco , "Nurse Jackie"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock"; Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep"; Melissa McCarthy, "Mike & Molly ', 'Family" "30 Rock" "Veep" Best Actress in a Comedy Series Zooey Deschanel, "New Girl" Lena Dunham, "Girls"  Edie Falco , "Nurse Jackie" Tina Fey, "30 Rock" Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep" Melissa McCarthy, "Mike and Molly" Amy ', 'collection has been worn by numerous leading ladies including Juliana Margulies, Catherine Zeta Jones, Marcia Cross and  Edie Falco . Amelia Rose was founded by a former attorney turned jewelry designer who also gives back to the community through her ', 'ABC) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series JULIE BOWEN / Claire Dunphy - MODERN FAMILY (ABC)  EDIE FALCO  / Jackie Peyton - NURSE JACKIE (Showtime) TINA FEY / Liz Lemon - 30 ROCK (NBC) SOFIA VERGARA / Gloria Delgado-Pritchett ', 'be a nice departing gift for him." Michael N. Todaro/FilmMagic/Getty Images Lead Actress, Comedy: Amy Poehler  Edie Falco , "Nurse Jackie"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock"; Laura Linney, "The Big C"; Melissa McCarthy, "Mike & Molly"; Martha ', "Big Bang theory. The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham girls.  Edie Falco  nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's ", "comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham -- girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for reality competition ", "backyards. Very different than anything she's played soprano listeners to any. We'll show you the interview with  Edie Falco  just a minute but first let's take a look at her movie three backyards. Look at home. can't. I'm only got to ", "played soprano listeners to any. We'll show you the interview with -- Edie Falco -- just a minute but first let's take a look at her movie three backyards. Look at home. -- can't. -- -- ", 'his convene family. Gandolfini had the ability to make you feel like everything would be all right if he was around.  Edie falco  saying she is devastated, calling their time together intense and beautiful and saying the love between them was one ', 'you feel like everything would be all right if he was around. Edie falco saying she is devastated, calling their time together intense and beautiful and saying the love between them was one of the greatest ', 'John the divine in New York City. Just to get a glimpse of some of the celebrities who came to the star. Among them  Edie Falco  who played his wife and Michael and carry only a joke and Giuliano Graco. It looked like the whole cast meted out to ', 'some of the celebrities who came to -- the star. Among them Edie Falco who played his wife and Michael and carry only a joke and Giuliano -- Graco. It looked like the whole cast meted ', 'as a mob enforcer in true romance. Earned him an audition for the soprano. What you look really his chemistry with  Edie Falco  was unique but once Gandolfini found fame he returned to the movies opposite some of the biggest stars in Hollywood ', 'for the soprano. What -- you look really -- his chemistry with Edie Falco was unique but once Gandolfini found fame he returned to the movies opposite some of the biggest stars in Hollywood. But he ', "isn't it easy now to violence and infidelity we're just some of what Tony's wife endured. Through their performances  Edie Falco  and James Gandolfini gave fans a reason to care about cable TV's number one mafia family take a look. And I felt probably ", "we're just some of what Tony's wife endured. Through their -- performances Edie Falco and James Gandolfini gave fans a reason to care about cable TV's number one mafia family take a look. And I felt ", "What can we look towards the united nurse Jackie if that's coming through them let's eat. Let's just say she hasn't changed all that much take some people longer than others to kindness. that so I. CEO sort of more of the same but with some ferries. Annie's boilers are fighting. Fifty. Not story"]