['Detroit Lions rookie defensive tackle Nick Fairley had surgery on his injured left foot Wednesday.The team said in a statement that he will miss a "significant porti...', "The following is a list of inactive players for today's game.GREEN BAY PACKERS AT DETROIT LIONS , 12:30 P.M. (ET)Packers - CB Davon House, LB Jamari Lattimore, LB Fr...", 'After being dealt a pair of close losses on a just-completed road stretch, the Arizona Cardinals return to the friendly confines of University of Phoenix Stadium for...', 'NFL cutdown day finds Heisman winners Matt Leinart, Troy Smith looking for new teams', "On a day Heisman Trophy winner Sam Bradford found out he'll be the starting quarterback for the St. Louis Rams, Heisman winners Matt Leinart and Troy Smith found the...", 'The Green Bay Packers were looking for the kind of performance that would prove they can play like an elite team for a full game. They were fortunate just to get a v...', "The Detroit Lions ended their losing streak in a big way.Stefan Logan's 105-yard kickoff return broke a tie and sent the Lions to a 44-6 rout of the St. Louis Rams f...", 'By Steve KeatingDETROIT (Reuters) - Shaun Hill had three touchdown passes and Stefan Logan returned a kickoff 105 yards for another score as the Detroit Lions mauled...', 'Minnesota at New York, 8:30 p.m. EDT. Mark Sanchez leads the Jets (3-1), who are tied for first place in the AFC East, against former Jets QB Brett Favre and the thi...', "Matthew Stafford made the most out of his home debut this season.Stafford's fourth touchdown pass converted a fourth down with 3:12 left and the Detroit Lions scored...", 'The 2010 NFL Scouting Combine kicks off Thursday afternoon in Indianapolis. Described by many as an NFL "meat market," the combine will feature 300-plus NFL draft pr...', 'In the two weeks since Mock Draft 4.0 was published, Donovan McNabb was traded to a division rival, the Browns picked up a starting linebacker and a starting cornerb...', "OVERVIEW The Broncos surprised everyone in 2009 by winning their first six games before a 2-8 finish doomed the season. They've gone back to the drawing board this o...", 'With questions at quarterback, Wake Forest is back to being an underdog in the ACC', "Wake Forest's leading returning passer is a wide receiver. Everyone who played on the program's most successful team is gone, including the quarterback who set nearl...", 'DETROIT -- Tom Brady was perfect on the field and his exit was first class.Brady threw a season-high four touchdown passes, all in the second half, and the New Engla...', "Charlotte athletic director Judy Rose's search for the school's first football coach took a dramatic twist when she came across a candidate she had never heard of: B...", 'Tebow shakes off early turnovers, but Vikings beat Broncos 31-24 despite sluggish offense', "Tim Tebow's first two series had rookie written all over them. Then he started playing with the veteran-like poise that helped him get drafted in the first round by ...", 'Riley Skinner found a perfect way to obliterate the miserable memory of his painful performance against Navy earlier this season.Skinner went 11-for-11 and threw the...']