["sure it matters. A French game warden or something like one - it's not really clear, though she's voiced by  Frances McDormand  - is chasing after Alex and company after they break into a casino in Monte Carlo. Don't ask why; it's not ", "are still fighting to return to their beloved home in a New York Zoo. They'll have to go through Europe and  Frances McDormand , under the guise of a traveling circus, to get there. Opens June 8. Rock of Ages It's Tom Cruise as we've ", "The Zen of Bruce Willis: Action Star Talks New Baby, 'Die Hard 5' and 'Moonrise Kingdom'", 'romance as it follows the story of two kids who fall in love, stars some acting heavyweights, including Oscar winners  Frances McDormand  and Tilda Swinton, along with nominees Edward Norton and Bill Murray. Willis says the young stars in the cast were ', 'directed by Oscar winners Joel and Ethan Coen, also stars such Hollywood heavyweights as Brad Pitt, George Clooney,  Frances McDormand  and Tilda Swinton. Malkovich said the Coen\'s were a joy to work with. "I really loved it," he said. "I\'ve ', "the hit London production) portray more than 150 roles. Cort. Telecharge. The Country Girl. Morgan Freeman,  Frances McDormand  and Peter Gallagher star in a revival of Clifford Odets' play about a washed-up actor trying for a comeback. Mike ", 'One street over, at the Bernard B. Jacobs Theater, Morgan Freeman is playing a washed-up actor opposite  Frances McDormand  in the revival of "The Country Girl." This unusual confluence of shows with all-black or mixed-race casts ', 'favorite. Cate Blanchett The Australian actress had a little help from Hollywood female heavyweights Glenn Close and  Frances McDormand  when she starred in her first international film, 1997\'s "Paradise Road." A year later, she proved she could ', 'Hurt, "A History of Violence" Best Supporting Actress: Amy Adams, "Junebug" Catherine Keener, "Capote"  Frances McDormand , "North Country" Rachel Weisz, "The Constant Gardener" Michelle Williams, "Brokeback Mountain" Best Original ', "straight out of Hollywood, including Jennifer Aniston, Scott Caan, Joan Cusack, Jason Isaacs, Catherine Keener and  Frances McDormand . That's a pretty heady group. Think your next-door neighbor who just graduated from film school could round ", "from his debut at the festival were a boost, especially in light of high-profile jurors like Kevin Spacey and  Frances McDormand , who were both spotted at the screening of his film last Friday. Of course, most of the attention on Snyder's ", "Christian Bale are negotiating to star as a blue-blooded Harvard Grad and her boyfriend in the indie Laurel Canyon.  Frances McDormand  who considered rock 'n' roll the devil in Almost Famous would play Bale's record-producer mother. Lisa Cholodenko ", "Christian Bale are negotiating to star as a blue-blooded Harvard Grad and her boyfriend in the indie Laurel Canyon.  Frances McDormand  who considered rock 'n' roll the devil in Almost Famous would play Bale's record-producer mother. Lisa Cholodenko ", "Christian Bale are negotiating to star as a blue-blooded Harvard Grad and her boyfriend in the indie Laurel Canyon.  Frances McDormand  who considered rock 'n' roll the devil in Almost Famous would play Bale's record-producer mother. Lisa Cholodenko ", "western. I guess that was here countless in the wood chipper. It's three people in Green And the black comedy Fargo  Frances McDormand  Oscar winning performance as a pregnant police chief.", "It's three people in Green -- And the black comedy Fargo -- Frances McDormand Oscar winning performance as a pregnant police chief. "]