['song. But it turned out to be the last dance for  Florence Henderson  and her partner Corky ballas who were eliminated Courtney. And joining us now from Los Angeles are  Florence Henderson  and Corky ballas good morning T a in Florence ', 'Bunch song. But it turned out to be the last dance for Florence Henderson and her partner Corky ballas who were eliminated from Dancing With The Stars last night -- -- the moment. -- with the lowest overall combined total and therefore leaving. Right now. Florence and Courtney. And joining us now from Los Angeles are Florence Henderson and Corky ballas good morning T a -- in Florence. -- -- was upset about this little girls are big Brady Bunch ', "Everyone welcome to focus on faith on Monday Edward and the woman sitting across from me it's well known to you  Florence Henderson . Florence is best known for her role as mom Carol Brady hit TV shows that greedy bunch. But she started her career ", "and the woman sitting across from me it's well known to you Florence Henderson . Florence is best known for her role as -- mom Carol Brady hit TV shows that greedy bunch. But she started her ", "Actress  Florence Henderson  is talking about her run in with crabs. And it wasn't on a very Brady vacation and her new tell all memoir Henderson writes ", "Actress Florence Henderson is talking about her run in with crabs. And it wasn't on a very Brady vacation and her new tell all memoir ", 'Former "Brady Bunch" mom,  Florence Henderson  loses on "Dancing With The Stars."', 'blended family and invest hundreds and he is simply prejudiced against theft money on the baby right on man. But to  Florence Henderson  character questions perfect and I fought so hard to have Carole Brady and John. Worked all my life and to all my ', 'against theft money on the baby -- right on man. But to Florence Henderson -- character -- questions perfect and I fought so hard to have Carole Brady and -- John. Worked all my life and ', 'Tell us about your latest creation. All the lives of many how many lives are there. Of  Florence Henderson  have there been many lives there have been six any ice and I hope many more to go black. Yeah on the lives of me. Is that when ', 'creation. All the lives of many how many lives are there. Of Florence Henderson have there been many lives there have been six any ice and I hope many more to go black. Yeah on the ', "those you gotta give us the scoop. really want the scoop on here is whether they're really was any affair between  Florence Henderson  and Barry Williams of course click drag. It is mind there was yeah it is my. Yeah because then he he he took her ", "the scoop on here is whether they're really was any affair between Florence Henderson and Barry Williams of course click drag. It is mind there was yeah it is my. Yeah because then he he he ", "the I do like getting. The movement that really like couldn't to there. And I liked the idea because music now  Florence Henderson  a lot of controversy here was this too sexy. For this lady. so so into the show wooden I think it's unfair I ", '-- to -- there. And I liked the idea because music now Florence Henderson a lot of controversy here was this too sexy. For this lady. -- -- so so into the show wooden I think ', "you know I think agreement exists to beautify and I would Tony and I think Rick Fox deserves to be in I think.  Florence Henderson . Told poll all lost deserves to be in finally noticed the is the oldest and she's done phenomenal I wish and ", "I think Rick Fox deserves to be in -- -- I think. Florence Henderson . Told poll all lost deserves to be in finally noticed the is the oldest and she's done phenomenal I wish and her ", "best she can not losing sense of self. Finding little moments of little time it's funny I I I when I worked with  Florence Henderson  on Dancing With The Stars she really changed my point of view because I was spot. Isn't Stanley have got four ", "time it's funny I I -- I -- when I worked with Florence Henderson on Dancing With The Stars she really changed my point of view because I was spot. Isn't -- -- Stanley have got ", "Kym Johnson so. That their Mike the situation a lot of other dancers worth mentioning of course there's also  Florence Henderson  Michael Bolton Margaret show we can't say all of these folks but. The one thing that a lot of people are talking ", "situation a lot of other dancers worth mentioning of course there's also Florence Henderson Michael Bolton Margaret show we can't say all of these folks but. The one thing that a lot of people are talking ", "Yeah. Now the a lot of the judge digging on added an extreme and saying yeah. The situation you're like I loved  Florence Henderson  says yes there anyway there. It's so good she's 76 years old a lot of people are comparing Lawrence news ", "added an extreme and saying yeah. The situation you're like I loved Florence Henderson says yes there anyway there. It's so good she's 76 years old a lot of people are comparing Lawrence news. Clark Leachman ", "and movies creating a fantasy life around famous women he's attracted to. Particularly mother figures sorry.  Florence Henderson  could be. The only let's say some believe it to beaver read. All of these women plead April old theory Christian ", "fantasy life around famous women he's attracted to. Particularly mother figures sorry. Florence Henderson could be. The only let's say some believe it to beaver -- -- read. All of these women plead -- April old ", 'Margaret Cho Jennifer Grey his best known as baby and dirty dancing guess nobody puts baby in the quarter. Mrs. Brady  Florence Henderson  star Audrey and a partridge from the hills and perhaps the biggest surprise of Bristol Palin the Bristol live right ', 'and dirty dancing guess nobody puts baby in the quarter. Mrs. Brady Florence Henderson -- star Audrey and a partridge from the hills and perhaps the biggest surprise of -- Bristol Palin -- -- -- the ', "Jennifer What are Derek oh come on that's not fair two time winners in ethanol that's going to be fun to watch and  Florence Henderson . Mrs. Brady to everybody else's dancing with Corky ballas father son we'll go head to head once again. Also ", "time winners in ethanol that's going to be fun to watch and Florence Henderson . Mrs. Brady to everybody else's dancing with Corky ballas -- father son we'll go head to head once again. Also -- -- ", "Lloyd but Look at you know you're to you don't get to these questions out of first of all. Your mom your TV mom  Florence Henderson  is on dancing she's gonna win well. Everybody bet on floor and you love for her you wasn't good. Well Yahoo ", "questions out of -- first of all. Your mom your TV mom Florence Henderson is on dancing -- -- she's gonna win -- well. Everybody bet on floor and you love for her you -- -- "]