['Barack Obama Appears on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno; Herman Cain Makes His Own Rules', "that used to fit to play. Journalists. Yeah. Outlaw yeah David and And finally everybody a funny story from actor  Antonio Banderas  he's become famous for so many roles in his terrific career but to really stand out are Zorro and he his voice ", "David -- and -- And finally everybody a funny story from actor Antonio Banderas he's become famous for so many roles in his terrific career but to -- really stand out are Zorro and he his ", "Sawyer about that difficult period. Alongside husband  Antonio Banderas . It was of Diana's like. For what they say I'm and there's a lot more to life. And her husband  Antonio Banderas  weighing in as well saying because this rehabilitation ", "she spoke to ABC's Diane Sawyer about that difficult period. Alongside husband Antonio Banderas . It was -- of Diana's like. For what they say I'm -- and tighter handling placing this like that he couldn't even ", "and wiser and there's a lot more to life. And her husband Antonio Banderas weighing in as well saying because this rehabilitation was a family affair they were visiting her up to three times a week. ", 'Zarryon Dawson Christian Slater. LL Jackson  Antonio Banderas  three. Oscar the Grouch and until had shown. Would you need to know about money. Lastly we believe that when credit rates stabilize ', 'Zarryon Dawson Christian Slater. LL Jackson Antonio Banderas -- three. Oscar the Grouch and -- until -- had shown. -- -- Would you need to know about money. Lastly we ', 'Dawson Christian Slater. OL Jackson.  Antonio Banderas  Seth Green and Oscar the Grouch until now the News center. Know about money. Last week we believe that when credit stabilize ', '-- Dawson Christian Slater. OL Jackson. Antonio Banderas Seth Green and Oscar the Grouch -- until now the -- News center. Know about money. Last week we believe that when ', "producer John now that it. Was awarded the crystal globe for outstanding artistic contribution to world cinema. Actor  Antonio Banderas  except for the festival president's award as the Houston itself. Speaking of Bob grown old Sasha baron Cohen's ", "awarded the crystal globe for outstanding artistic contribution to world cinema. Actor Antonio Banderas except for the festival president's award as the Houston itself. Speaking of -- Bob -- -- grown old Sasha baron Cohen's flamboyant ", "advantage. Yeah. Don't let down nine billion exchanging. The ideas are they are but the jokes Even when Murphy and  Antonio Banderas  trade bodies the jokes never jail. old Abbott Abbott the government up statement there have been that it. The computer ", 'are they are but the jokes -- Even when -- Murphy and Antonio Banderas trade bodies the jokes never jail. -- old Abbott Abbott the government up -- statement there have been -- that it. The ', "celebrities have been great Jennifer Aniston and I her mother. On friends and all of these people offensive Robin Williams  Antonio Banderas  Ramada. They've just great Bernie Mac and our first athlete which bush. Are all doing these PSAs for us television ", "friends and all of these people -- offensive -- -- Robin Williams Antonio Banderas -- Ramada. They've -- -- just great Bernie Mac and -- our first athlete which bush. Are all doing these PSAs for "]