["now all grown up enough to turn the Big Five tomorrow. I decided to tackle Mike toughest challenge yet. And on the  Ginger Rogers  but I'm not giving up its I have a secret weapons who's going to teach how to dance like the stock. Of course ", "Mike toughest challenge yet. And -- -- -- -- -- on the Ginger Rogers but I'm not giving up its I have a secret weapons who's going to teach -- how to dance like the stock. ", "accept it but I don't let it deter me you know that wonderful old line about. Women do everything. It's like and  Ginger Rogers  and did everything Fred Astaire did only backwards and in high heels while we just have to that you know there's ", "know that wonderful old line about. Women do everything. It's like and Ginger Rogers and did everything Fred Astaire did only backwards and in high heels while we just have to -- -- that you know ", "that Iraq would get up safely every morning and go to. I would get up. And have my hearing. It's one of those  Ginger Rogers  Fred thing that. Are part of our lives. But we shared this remarkable journey. And I could not be prouder. To have ", "I would get up. And have my hearing. It's one of those Ginger Rogers Fred -- thing that. Are part of our lives. But we shared this remarkable journey. And I could not be prouder. To ", "I accepted but I don't let it deter me you know that wonderful old line about. Women do everything. It's like  Ginger Rogers  and did everything Fred Astaire did only backwards and in high heels while we just have to You know there's no point ", "you know that wonderful old line about. Women do everything. It's like Ginger Rogers and did everything Fred Astaire did only backwards and in high heels while we just have to -- -- You know there's ", "are incredible overlooking much of LA accused planned on building a love nest on the Hilltop for his then girlfriend  Ginger Rogers  but that didn't work out. The investment group bought the land from the Hughes estate for under two million dollars ", "on building a love nest on the Hilltop for his then girlfriend Ginger Rogers but that didn't work out. The investment group bought the land from the Hughes estate for under two million dollars now the ", "anything themselves. Recognize this actress but don't  Ginger Rogers  in her twenties wishing happy birthday to a fellow friend. And these images of a  Ginger Rogers  many years later moving around in her pool. The surprise ", "usually get to actually shoot anything themselves. Recognize this actress but don't Ginger Rogers in her twenties wishing -- happy birthday to a fellow friend. And these images of a Ginger Rogers many years later moving around in her pool. The surprise for woman who was set who have danced before she learned to ", 'They are screened from the private home of Hollywood legends Steve McQueen in his Hamlet. A twenty something  Ginger Rogers . Candid cameras capture the personal lives of Hollywood legends in their own backyards. Literally. Alfred Hitchcock ', "-- of Hollywood legends Steve McQueen in his Hamlet. A twenty something Ginger Rogers . Candid cameras capture the personal lives of Hollywood legends in their own backyards. Literally. Alfred Hitchcock -- you've never seen him fourteen ", "Motion Picture Arts and Sciences shields. Catalog and preserve hundreds of rare home movies when Hollywood was young.  Ginger Rogers . Alfred Hitchcock in his daughter and Esther Williams and her son. Steve Maclean family. They're screened for ", "preserve hundreds of rare home movies -- -- when Hollywood was young. Ginger Rogers . Alfred Hitchcock in his daughter and Esther Williams and her son. Steve Maclean family. They're screened for the public -- -- at. ", 'Hollywood sign is what our most important monuments. Howard Hughes wanted to build a up there for himself and the actress  Ginger Rogers . later said she was afraid Hughes would lock me in a Hilltop house and never let me see anyone. Real estate investors ', 'wanted to build a -- up there for himself and the actress Ginger Rogers . -- later said she was afraid Hughes would lock me in a Hilltop house and never let me see anyone. Real estate ']