['for a photo in August 1950 in Griffith Park, Los Angeles. (Image Credit: Getty Images) From left, Cary Grant,  Ginger Rogers  and Marilyn Monroe in a scene from the 1952 comedy "Monkey Business." (Image Credit: Bonhams) Marilyn Monroe ', 'held by the graceful Carolyn Scott and her irrepressible golden retriever, Rookie. They were the Fred Astaire and  Ginger Rogers  of this world, and, like those stars of the silver screen, they kept things free and loose. The key, Scott said ', 'same-sex dalliances, he occasionally sought a "Mrs. Hoover" and even courted -- albeit uncomfortably -- actress  Ginger Rogers \' mother and actress Dorothy Lamour. Hoover\'s neuroses were likely rooted in childhood: He was ashamed of his mentally ', 'with Nelson Mandela, danced with  Ginger Rogers  and entertained tens of thousands celebrity passengers. "I danced with  Ginger Rogers ," he proudly proclaimed would call it \'I Danced with  Ginger Rogers .\'" And he got to chat with ', "photographic proof of each adventure. That is where shooter-and-unsung-hero Christian Pondella comes in. Much the way  Ginger Rogers  had to dance as well as Fred Astaire, only backwards in heels, Pondella has to mimic many of Gadd's most daring ", 'audience plays a round of "Dead or Alive?" where celebrity names are tossed out and members answer with their status:  Ginger Rogers  (dead), Larry Hagman (alive), Elvis Presley (in dispute). When Biden gets up to speak, he points out that ', 'would get up faithfully every morning and go to the gym. I would get up and have my hair done. It\'s one of those  Ginger Rogers , Fred Astaire things ." WATCH VIDEO FROM THE FUNDRAISER HERE In a more serious moment, Clinton looked back only ', 'and women," Clinton told "Nightline." "You know that wonderful old line about women do everything? It\'s like  Ginger Rogers  did everything Fred Astaire did, only backward and in high heels. Well, we just have to go out and do it. There\'s ', 'attractiveness of Katharine Hepburn also was in vogue. "It was a straight up and down slim look. She was that way and so was  Ginger Rogers ," Hanson said. World War II prompted a fashion change -- shorter skirts came into style because there just wasn\'t ', 'and women," Clinton told "Nightline." "You know that wonderful old line about women do everything? It\'s like  Ginger Rogers  did everything Fred Astaire did, only backwards and in high heels. Well, we just have to go out and do it. There\'s ', 'outspoken late Gov. Ann Richards made a Web video wishing her mother were still alive to fight for Clinton. "After all,  Ginger Rogers  did everything Fred Astaire did -- she just did it backwards and high heels," the former governor is seen saying ', 'actors, actresses, directors -- they don\'t actually get to shoot things themselves." One video shows a young  Ginger Rogers  happily swimming in her pool and looking every bit the dancer she was known to be. Rogers went on to win a Best Actress ', 'top dog of canine teams. here to pieces of god we were. Carolyn Scott and her dog rookie are the Fred Astaire and  Ginger Rogers  of this world. Like that perfect hair and these partners prefer things three freestyle. It opened up. The door for ', 'were. Carolyn Scott and her dog rookie are the Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers of this world. Like that perfect hair and these partners prefer things three -- -- freestyle. It opened up. The door for ', "now all grown up enough to turn the Big Five tomorrow. I decided to tackle Mike toughest challenge yet. And on the  Ginger Rogers  but I'm not giving up its I have a secret weapons who's going to teach how to dance like the stock. Of course ", "Mike toughest challenge yet. And -- -- -- -- -- on the Ginger Rogers but I'm not giving up its I have a secret weapons who's going to teach -- how to dance like the stock. ", "accept it but I don't let it deter me you know that wonderful old line about. Women do everything. It's like and  Ginger Rogers  and did everything Fred Astaire did only backwards and in high heels while we just have to that you know there's ", "know that wonderful old line about. Women do everything. It's like and Ginger Rogers and did everything Fred Astaire did only backwards and in high heels while we just have to -- -- that you know ", "that Iraq would get up safely every morning and go to. I would get up. And have my hearing. It's one of those  Ginger Rogers  Fred thing that. Are part of our lives. But we shared this remarkable journey. And I could not be prouder. To have ", "I would get up. And have my hearing. It's one of those Ginger Rogers Fred -- thing that. Are part of our lives. But we shared this remarkable journey. And I could not be prouder. To ", "I accepted but I don't let it deter me you know that wonderful old line about. Women do everything. It's like  Ginger Rogers  and did everything Fred Astaire did only backwards and in high heels while we just have to You know there's no point ", "you know that wonderful old line about. Women do everything. It's like Ginger Rogers and did everything Fred Astaire did only backwards and in high heels while we just have to -- -- You know there's ", "are incredible overlooking much of LA accused planned on building a love nest on the Hilltop for his then girlfriend  Ginger Rogers  but that didn't work out. The investment group bought the land from the Hughes estate for under two million dollars ", "on building a love nest on the Hilltop for his then girlfriend Ginger Rogers but that didn't work out. The investment group bought the land from the Hughes estate for under two million dollars now the ", "anything themselves. Recognize this actress but don't  Ginger Rogers  in her twenties wishing happy birthday to a fellow friend. And these images of a  Ginger Rogers  many years later moving around in her pool. The surprise ", "usually get to actually shoot anything themselves. Recognize this actress but don't Ginger Rogers in her twenties wishing -- happy birthday to a fellow friend. And these images of a Ginger Rogers many years later moving around in her pool. The surprise for woman who was set who have danced before she learned to "]