['time that brown will try to make a go of it. BACK IN THE \'80s, THEY TINKERED With the idea, with chevy chase and  goldie hawn . It never happened. Makes me want to go out and get the books for my kids. And finally in "pop news" on this wonderful ', 'IN THE \'80s, THEY TINKERED With the idea, with chevy chase and goldie hawn . It never happened. Makes me want to go out and get the books for my kids. And finally in "pop news" on ', "terms it's the revenge of the 40-year-old actresses. IS 40 THE NEW 20s HERE'S ABC'S Rachel smith. Reporter:  Goldie hawn  pointed out -- they're are only three ages in hollywood, babe, district attorney and driving misdaisy. Reporter ", "40-year-old actresses. IS 40 THE NEW 20s HERE'S ABC'S Rachel smith. Reporter: Goldie hawn pointed out -- they're are only three ages in hollywood, babe, district attorney and driving misdaisy. Reporter: Turning 40 used to mean ", 'this, she was rubbing my feet. Just, going -- only she could get me to do that at that time. I know your mom,  goldie hawn , has given you great advice on that. But you want to have a little fun. I do. Give us the first thing that comes ', 'get me to do that at that time. I know your mom, goldie hawn , has given you great advice on that. But you want to have a little fun. I do. Give us the first thing ', "beauty or even talent doesn't fall far from the tree. Take these famous parents and their now-famous offspring.  Goldie hawn  and kate hudson. Martin sheen and his two sons. And this oscar-winning father/daughter duo. Even though anja ", 'far from the tree. Take these famous parents and their now-famous offspring. Goldie hawn and kate hudson. Martin sheen and his two sons. And this oscar-winning father/daughter duo. Even though anja is ready for her close-up, ', "and most importantly decline in help. The very wealthy the pure He lists of the last three decades. Liz Taylor share  Goldie Hawn  and perhaps most visibly. On Charlie's Angels this huge seventies hit about private eyes. Which was also arguably ", "the pure He lists of the last three decades. Liz Taylor share Goldie Hawn and perhaps most visibly. On Charlie's Angels this huge seventies hit about private eyes. Which was also arguably about hair Farrah Fawcett "]