['The St. Louis Blues traded forward B.J. Crombeen and a fifth-round pick in the 2014 NHL Draft to the Tampa Bay Lightning for fourth-round picks in the 2013 and 2014 ...', 'So far, the second round has been a carbon copy of the first for the Los Angeles Kings. Two road games, two wins.Two more, and they will have toppled the top two see...', 'Brian Elliott made 24 saves, B.J. Crombeen and Andy McDonald scored and the St. Louis Blues moved one win away from the second round of the playoffs, beating the San...', 'Brian Elliott posted 24 saves as St. Louis grabbed a commanding lead with a 2-1 win over San Jose in Game 4 of this Western Conference quarterfinal series.The Blues,...', 'Anze Kopitar scored twice in a four-goal, first-period blitz as the Los Angeles Kings embarrassed the Blues from the opening faceoff, whipping St. Louis 5-2 Monday n...', 'Pavel Datsyuk and Niklas Kronwall scored 56 seconds apart in the third period to give the Detroit Red Wings a 3-2 comeback win over the St. Louis Blues on Tuesday ni...', 'If the St. Louis Blues want to move into first place in the - win a road game in Detroit.The Red Wings will try to extend their club-record winning streak at home to...', 'David Backes had two goals and two assists as 2 win at Scottrade Center.B.J. Crombeen and David Perron each scored for the Blues, who have won four straight. Jarosla...', 'David Backes had two goals and two assists, and Jaroslav Halak made 19 saves to lift the St. Louis Blues to a 4-2 victory over the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday night.T...', 'The St. Louis Blues activated forward B.J. Crombeen from injured reserve on Tuesday, paving the way for his first action this season.Crombeen totaled seven goals and...', 'ST. LOUIS (AP) - The St. Louis Blues continue to take care of their own players, signing defenseman Nikita Nikitin to a one-year contract extension on Thursday. Term...', 'ST. LOUIS - The St. Louis Blues continue to take care of their own players, signing defenceman Nikita Nikitin to a one-year contract extension Thursday.Nikitin, 24, ...', 'ST. LOUIS (AP) - The St. Louis Blues have signed winger B.J. Crombeen to a two-year contract extension.The team announced the deal Wednesday.Crombeen would have been...', 'Newcomer Jason Arnott scored the tiebreaking goal with 5:19 left, and the Washington Capitals beat the St. Louis Blues 3-2 on Thursday night for their third straight...', "Darryl Boyce scored the go-ahead goal with 4:30 left in the third period in the Toronto Maple Leafs ' 3-2 comeback victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on Thursday n...", "Jaroslav Halak needed to make only 12 saves to earn his sixth shutout of the season and T.J. Oshie had a goal and an assist in the St. Louis Blues' 4-0 victory over ...", 'Tomas Kopecky and Jonathan Toews each had a goal and and assist, and the defending Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks beat the St. Louis Blues 4-3 on Sunday in ...', 'David Backes and Andy McDonald broke a 42-year-old franchise record by scoring 6 seconds apart early in the first period, and the St. Louis Blues went on to a 5-1 vi...']