['writer-director Paul Schrader is 67. Actor Danny Glover is 67. Singer Mireille Mathieu is 67. Actor-comedian-director  Albert Brooks  is 66. Rock singer Don Henley is 66. Movie composer Alan Menken is 64. Singer-actress Lonette McKee is 60. Jazz ', 'Danny Glover is 67. Writer-director Paul Schrader is 67. Singer Don Henley is 66. Actor-comedian-director  Albert Brooks  is 66. Composer Alan Menken ("Little Mermaid," \'\'Little Shop of Horrors") is 64. Musician Al Di Meola is ', 'three acclaimed movies last year, was nowhere to be found, nor was his critically acclaimed "Drive" co-star,  Albert Brooks . Us Weekly\'s Bradley Jacobs was shocked "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" picked up two nominations, best ', 'actors who played out of their normal range finally get their due, like Christopher Plummer for "Beginners" and  Albert Brooks  for "Drive." These categories also look to young, new talent, so "The Descendants\'" Woodley or Asa Butterfield ', 'Actor In A Supporting Role In A Motion Picture Christopher Plummer, Beginners Kenneth Branagh, My Week With Marilyn  Albert Brooks , Drive Jonah Hill, Moneyball Viggo Mortensen, A Dangerous Method Best Foreign Language Film A Separation (Iran) The ', 'Actor and comedian  Albert Brooks  plays a murderous Los Angeles tough to find work early on.  Albert Brooks \'s new book, "2030." Credit he wasn\'t quite accurate."  Albert Brooks  Says He Turned Down \'A Lot of ', 'pre-empted Trump\'s show, O\'Brien said it "begs the question: how do we kill bin Laden again next Sunday?" Filmmaker  Albert Brooks  tweeted, "Trump demanding to see bin Laden death certificate," an obvious swipe at the Donald\'s demand to see ', 'Going from homeless and nearly horseless to the Derby favorite in 10 years takes some guts. So if Rick Dutrow were  Albert Brooks  in "Defending Your Life," he would stand before the Derby gods and plead "Nolo contendre, babe." Dutrow calls ', 'Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria, Harry Shearer, Minnie Driver, Kelsey Grammer, Joe Mantegna,  Albert Brooks  and Erin Brokovich-Ellis Directed by: David Silverman Release Date: July 27 Synopsis: It takes a wide screen to ', "help of a fantastic cast, including the one and only  albert brooks . He joins us right now. Hello, sir. Hello, lara don't try to change each other. You are perfect to us.  Albert brooks . The movie is terrific.", 'with the help of a fantastic cast, including the one and only albert brooks . He joins us right now. Hello, sir. Hello, lara. What attracted you to "this is 40"? I play paul rudd\'s father who ', "I don't try to change each other. You are perfect to us. Albert brooks . The movie is terrific. ", "least defensive ward and our language plus says  Albert Brooks  who ought to know he's cracked people up playing Leslie Mann. Hollywood's hot new thing is.  Albert Brooks  yes  Albert Brooks . The comedian and comic actor best known for delving ", "is friendly it's the least defensive ward and our language plus says Albert Brooks who ought to know he's cracked people up playing everything meant dead ad executive and defending your life to an animated clown ", "comedies starring Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann. Hollywood's hot new thing is. Albert Brooks yes Albert Brooks . The comedian and comic actor best known for delving into neurosis delivers a performance as an LA gangster that one film critic ", "just. Roosevelt is. Here at the point now. Where you warnings and Albert Brooks movie Albert Brooks style does it's that particular. Program. What do you think it is I would hope it would be. You know something that ", "The good. Did don't want you to me mister Verniero. Has moved them. That was  Albert Brooks  and drive this is  Albert Brooks  in person for not drive. if I'm looking out. Senior movies. Markets which says it your start common ", "mister Verniero. -- -- -- Has moved them. -- -- That was Albert Brooks and drive this is Albert Brooks in person for not drive. -- -- if I'm looking out. Senior movies. Markets which says it -- your start common text. ", "any dreams you have. For your future you think you're gonna have to put. Register your election going to be looking for sure but your guy burning rose is this an idea this is. You know I began to suspect him. Possible terrible things when I learned that He was dabbling and movies produced in our.", "garbage as they say. Reporter: Revered by his fellow performers who honored them in his tweets. Rosie o'donnell and  albert brooks  both using the word genius and steve carell calling him wildly funny. Born in ohio he was a machine gunner in world ", "his fellow performers who honored them in his tweets. Rosie o'donnell and albert brooks both using the word genius and steve carell calling him wildly funny. Born in ohio he was a machine gunner in world ", "stars tweeting quote there's also white smoke coming out of my office and nobody seems that excited about it. writer  Albert Brooks  and political tweeting the fun game on the balcony saw a shadow realized there was six more century is up against ", 'of my office and nobody seems that excited about it. -- writer Albert Brooks and political tweeting the fun game on the balcony saw a shadow -- realized there was six more century is up against. ', "You get a little rush. Just the interaction of people and and if I think defending funny I get very proud of myself  Albert Brooks  about it but he said he's he's gonna start and he's in back because. If he comes up with a really good joke ", "and if I think defending funny I get very proud of myself Albert Brooks about it but he said he's he's gonna start and he's in back because. If he comes up with a really good "]