['Kate Winslet, Mildred Pierce Romola Garai, The Hour Diane Lane, Cinema Verite Elizabeth McGovern, Downton Abbey  Emily Watson , Appropriate Adult Best Mini-Series Or Motion Picture Made For Television Downton Abbey, PBS Cinema Verite, HBO ', 'LANE / Pat Loud - CINEMA VERITE (HBO) MAGGIE SMITH / Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham - DOWNTON ABBEY (PBS)  EMILY WATSON  / Janet Leach - APPROPRIATE ADULT (Sundance Channel) BETTY WHITE / Caroline Thomas - HALLMARK HALL OF FAME: THE LOST ', 'Angels"; Nicollette Sheridan, "Desperate Housewives"; Charlize Theron, "The Life and Death of Peter Sellers";  Emily Watson , "The Life and Death of Peter Sellers" Conventional Wisdom: De Matteo\'s death scene and her dalliance with Tony ', 'Van Ranseleer to Geordi Major blind characters have been few and far between in film and television. Last year,  Emily Watson  played the shy, blind love interest of a serial killer who nearly made her one of his victims in the movie Red Dragon ', 'operator his real name and Social Security number, he finds out just how expensive a toll call can be. But then Lena ( Emily Watson ) falls in love with him. This is a genius romantic comedy. Twisted, but genius. Paul Thomas Anderson, who won Best ', "a new study finds that in the movies, many of which are R-rated, more characters are smoking than ever before.  Emily Watson  lounges and smokes in Gosford Park, Gene Hackman and Gwyneth Paltrow light up in The Royal Tenenbaums. Billy Bob Thornton's ", "Hour fame, a head-scratching choice if ever there was one. The Hollywood Reporter notes that Breaking the Waves'  Emily Watson  is in talks to join the production, most likely in the role of a blind woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth ", "Hour fame, a head-scratching choice if ever there was one. The Hollywood Reporter notes that Breaking the Waves'  Emily Watson  is in talks to join the production, most likely in the role of a blind woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth ", "Hour fame, a head-scratching choice if ever there was one. The Hollywood Reporter notes that Breaking the Waves'  Emily Watson  is in talks to join the production, most likely in the role of a blind woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth ", "Hour fame, a head-scratching choice if ever there was one. The Hollywood Reporter notes that Breaking the Waves'  Emily Watson  is in talks to join the production, most likely in the role of a blind woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth ", "Hour fame, a head-scratching choice if ever there was one. The Hollywood Reporter notes that Breaking the Waves'  Emily Watson  is in talks to join the production, most likely in the role of a blind woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth ", "Hour fame, a head-scratching choice if ever there was one. The Hollywood Reporter notes that Breaking the Waves'  Emily Watson  is in talks to join the production, most likely in the role of a blind woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth ", "Sandler played a call-in show host who can't get over his ex-girlfriend. Anderson reportedly had Sandler and  Emily Watson  in mind when he wrote the script. One thing is sure: A collaboration between the director (who peppered Magnolia "]