['Sopranos" co-stars present were Edie Falco, Joe Pantoliano and Aida Turturro, who were among the first to arrive.  Jamie - Lynn Sigler , Lorraine Bracco, Michael Imperioli, Vincent Pastore, Tony Sirico and Steve Buscemi attended, as well as ', 'criticize a woman who is growing another life inside of her is true scum in my eyes." Pregnant "Sopranos" star  Jamie - Lynn Sigler  also urged critics to lay off Kardashian, telling Andy Cohen on "Watch What Happens Live," "I feel really bad ', "Meadow Soprano is getting married. This week,  Jamie - Lynn Sigler  announced on Twitter that she's engaged to boyfriend Cutter Dykstra. The Washington Nationals minor-league infielder popped ", 'The organization\'s supporters hand picked beauty, grooming, and lifestyle products that you can buy. Get  Jamie - Lynn Sigler \'s favorite shine spray , "True Blood" star Kristin Bauer van Straten\'s go-to face wash , or this gorgeous ', 'in "Reba" and "Better With You." She most recently starred in NBC\'s "Animal Practice." Lea Michele and  Jamie - Lynn Sigler  congratulated the couple on Twitter, even throwing in their bid for aunt status. Michele tweeted , "@NickSwisher ', 'Garcia\'s cast mates, Cameron Diaz, Swisher\'s Yankee teammate Alex Rodriguez and former teammate Johnny Damon,  Jamie - Lynn Sigler , Lance Bass and Reba McEntire, who played Garcia\'s mother on "Reba." Garcia, who was once engaged to Trace ', 'already has about 30 sponsored celebrity partners, including actresses Rashida Jones, Sarah Michelle Gellar and  Jamie - Lynn Sigler , and a roster of big-name designer partners, including Kate Spade, Oscar de la Renta and Betsey Johnson ', "Quick Fix: 'Entourage' Actress Jamie-Lynn Sigler  Answers If Pretty Women Date 'Fat' Men?", 'from women and start becoming more focused this year," Grenier said. Guest appearances from "Sopranos" star  Jamie - Lynn Sigler  and "Gossip Girl\'s" Leighton Meester won\'t help his cause; neither will Vince\'s popularity with female ', 'of the finale at HBO in New York City, along with mob boss Tony Soprano\'s fictional daughter Meadow played by  Jamie - Lynn Sigler  who offered no guidance as to what the ending meant. "I don\'t know. What do you think?" Sigler said. "It\'s ', 'roles on the big screen and stage. After chronicling her battle with anorexia in the 2002 book "Wise Girl,"  Jamie - Lynn Sigler  (Meadow Soprano) became the spokeswoman for the National Eating Disorders Association. But the biggest Mafioso ', 'henna tattoos. "I don\'t know that anyone was going to want to go to a tampon party," says Levine, who got  Jamie - Lynn Sigler  to attend. "It ended up being a really fun night."', 'reason to stay in the closet: his Southern Baptist parents. His closest friends, including "Sopranos" actress  Jamie Lynn Sigler , became co-conspirators in keeping Lance\'s secret. Bass said, "If we went out at night, and we were dancing ', "There were some things that Edie Falco will Brasco and  Jamie Lynn Sigler  would not talk about that is a day. can't. Still have held the show would But I did get one bid from  Jamie Lynn Sigler . If you had you imagine the spinoff. How to go of ", "City. There were some things that Edie Falco will -- Brasco and Jamie Lynn Sigler would not talk about that is a day. -- can't. Still there was plenty to discuss. Do you think The Sopranos. Has ", 'the show would -- But I did get one -- bid from Jamie Lynn Sigler . If you had you imagine the spinoff. How to go of men out -- -- editor -- Michael Corleone. I. I think ']