['the chemical  diacetyl , an ingredient used to give  popcorn  its buttery  flavor  and aroma. In energy, heated  diacetyl  produces a gas popcorn  lung" is  Bronchiolitis obliterans . When Eric Peoples then-employers, a  flavor -and-fragrance ', 'known as " popcorn  lung two bags of  popcorn  everyday artificial  butter  smell of the microwave  popcorn . On Wednesday levels of  diacetyl , an artificial consumers that  diacetyl  - also recently linked to  Alzheimer \' s -was dangerous against the  flavor  developer ', 'disease dubbed " popcorn  lung," which it was found in  popcorn  plant workers exposed ingredient called  diacetyl .  Diacetyl  is a natural substance give microwave  popcorn  its buttery taste you ever around  butter -flavored microwaved ', "Finding the  amyloid  substances monitoring  Alzheimer ' s  disease during Microwave  Popcorn  Chemical Damages microwave  popcorn  artificial  butter  flavoring exposed to  diacetyl  vapors for bronchiolitis ( popcorn  lung). None ", 'Microwave  Popcorn  Chemical Damages Airways chemical used in microwave  popcorn  artificial  butter  flavoring damaged the NIEHS). Mice exposed to  diacetyl  vapors for three months obliterative bronchiolitis ( popcorn  lung). None of the ', 'Microwave  Popcorn  Chemical Damages Airways chemical used in microwave  popcorn  artificial  butter  flavoring damaged the NIEHS). Mice exposed to  diacetyl  vapors for three months obliterative bronchiolitis ( popcorn  lung). None of the ', 'Exposure to Microwave  Popcorn  Chemical The U to give artificial  butter  taste and smell to microwave  popcorn . There is no firm some believe that  diacetyl  is responsible for package microwave  popcorn . The OSHA is conducting ', "hundreds of workers at  popcorn  factories who are this week, the  Flavor  and Extract Manufacturer's recommending that  popcorn  producers limit of the chemical  diacetyl  in  butter  flavorings. One national  popcorn  maker, Indianapolis-based ", 'work in the microwave  popcorn  manufacturing industry that the chemical  diacetyl  may be responsible for more cases of  bronchiolitis obliterans  syndrome (BOS), otherwise known as " popcorn  lung," at a  diacetyl  factory. "Our study ', 'known as  bronchiolitis obliterans  appears to chemical  diacetyl , which has microwave  popcorn  industry. " Bronchiolitis obliterans  is a severe Health.  Diacetyl , which is used in  butter  flavoring she noted.  Bronchiolitis obliterans  is a rare ', "Microwave  popcorn  is one of America's snacks, but the  butter flavor  is raising questions create microwave  popcorn 's buttery aroma commonly called  popcorn  lung, which is linked to the chemical  diacetyl . Now his once healthy ", 'rising concerns about microwave  buttered popcorn . The FDA is investigating the condition after eating microwave  popcorn . Twice a day for ten years. Experts named which is used to make the  popcorn  taste buttery. And now several ', "-- Google and among today's top rising searches rising concerns about microwave buttered popcorn . The FDA is investigating the case of a 53 year old Colorado man who developed a serious lung condition after eating microwave popcorn . Twice a day for ten years. Experts suspect the culprit is a chemical named -- -- -- -- which is used to make the popcorn taste buttery. And now several microwave popcorn manufacturers say that they're gonna remove the additive within the next year. Also rising today news that your iPod could be now "]