["Little girl, 3, is in big trouble when mom finds she's slathered her brother in diaper rash cream.", "loans for 8000 dollars. can buy these ninety karat gold bracelet that has wait for rent and see creme holder first  diaper rash . Old is of course we'll Greece and apple launch of royal baby souvenirs up to fourteen million are expected to be ", "gold bracelet that has wait for rent and see creme holder first diaper rash . Old is of course we'll Greece and apple launch of royal baby souvenirs up to fourteen million are expected to be sold ", "Condo for 20000 dollars. by at least ninety karat gold bracelet that has wait for rent and see creme holder referred  diaper rash . Oldest of course we'll and apple launch of royal baby souvenirs up to fourteen million are expected to be sold so ", "gold bracelet that has wait for rent and see creme holder referred diaper rash . Oldest of course we'll -- and apple launch of royal baby souvenirs up to fourteen million are expected to be sold so ", 'put them on my baby. And that their child never had a  diaper rash  until Pampers switch to dry Max. The makers of papers in time 25% of babies are experiencing some type of  diaper rash . 10% of those can be severe including blistering and ', 'put them on my baby. And that their child never had a diaper rash until Pampers switch to dry Max. The makers of papers Procter & Gamble says the new diapers use -- same -- gel ', 'any point in time 25% of babies are experiencing some type of diaper rash . 10% of those can be severe including blistering and cracking. Pampers with dry Max as a 100% safe. And they believe something ', 'condition that could actually kill them. When it first started, it started in the diaper area. They told us  diaper rash . It went from  diaper rash  to a staph infection. Then, it went to winter itch. Reporter: Connor was 3 years old when the frankenfeld ', 'it first started, it started in the diaper area. They told us diaper rash . It went from diaper rash to a staph infection. Then, it went to winter itch. Reporter: Connor was 3 years old when the frankenfeld first noticed the ', 'are essentially allergic to cool. When it first started it. started in the diaper area so they told us  diaper rash  it went to  diaper rash  with a staph infection. Then it went to. Winters itch which they said was just when the skin gets really ', 'started it. -- started in the diaper area so they told us diaper rash -- it went to diaper rash with a staph infection. Then it went to. Winters itch which they said was just when the skin gets really dry in ', "time went on the red flags starting one. From the moment she was born Ashland didn't cry when she was hungry or had  diaper rash  or even win just eight months old her parents. Took her to the When they for the her. Everyone just kind of she had ", "was born Ashland -- didn't cry when she was hungry or had diaper rash or even win just eight months old her parents. Took her to the -- When they for the -- her. Everyone just ", 'going to be 2% they have no idea like some theories they had theories that some of the. Baby boy yields being used for  diaper rash  because the skin was was releasing some of these allergens into the bloodstream and kids with about. It may be because ', 'had theories that some of the. Baby boy yields being used for diaper rash because the skin was -- was releasing some of these allergens into the bloodstream and kids with about. It may be because ', "basic formula. It's a gimmick with heart. Now each movement. This gently stand first time bottoms. Some do have  diaper rash . They all have belly button chip recruit from the cabbage patch. The whole thing. can in VP Bryant. Spend this girl ", 'each movement. This gently stand first time -- bottoms. Some do have diaper rash . They all have -- -- -- belly button -- chip recruit from the cabbage patch. The whole thing. -- can -- in ', "why when dozens of mothers complained on FaceBook about Pampers new dry papers saying they gave their children extreme  diaper rash  and chemical burns. The folks at camp purse were shocked didn't Being able to link the direct product to any kind ", "about Pampers new dry -- papers saying they gave their children extreme diaper rash and chemical burns. The folks at camp purse were shocked -- didn't -- -- Being able to link the direct product to ", "this armor and community of women that I could talk to her new found friends gave for tips on everything from breast to  diaper rash . For years and another baby later she's still close to those who helped through those tough mom has helped many women ", "found -- friends gave for tips on everything from breast -- to diaper rash . For years and another baby later she's still close to those -- who helped -- through those tough -- -- mom has ", "why when dozens of mothers complained on FaceBook about Pampers new dry Max Saying they gave their children extreme  diaper rash  and chemical burns. The folks at purse were shocked there's been no Being able to link the product to any kind of ", "about Pampers new dry Max -- Saying they gave their children extreme diaper rash and chemical burns. The folks at -- purse were shocked there's been no -- Being able to link the -- -- product "]