['relationship with model Christina Fulton, produced a son -- Weston Coppola Cage. His first marriage to actress  Patricia Arquette  ended in 2000 and lasted five years, but divorce papers revealed the pair had only cohabited for the first nine ', "before New Year's. Katy was at the 1OAK club at the Mirage Hotel to support GiveLove.org , a charity founded by  Patricia Arquette  that helps Haiti's earthquake victims, and she walked down the red carpet sporting blue hair and a sexy black ", 'wanted to kind of build this utopian society,"  Patricia Arquette  said on "Oprah" in February. "David was born addicts. "There was a lot of drama in the house,"  Patricia Arquette  said. "There were a lot of chairs flying around ', 'Wild World of Nicolas Cage: Naked Fudgesicle Man Latest in Long List of Troubles', 'relationship with model Christina Fulton, produced a son -- Weston Coppola Cage. His first marriage to actress  Patricia Arquette  ended in 2000 and lasted five years, but divorce papers revealed the pair had only cohabited for the first nine ', 'relationship with model Christina Fulton, produced a son -- Weston Coppola Cage. His first marriage to actress  Patricia Arquette  ended in 2000 and lasted five years, but divorce papers revealed the pair had only cohabited for the first nine ', "nepotism, as he is the nephew of legendary film director Francis Ford Coppola. Cage has previously been married to  Patricia Arquette  and Lisa Marie Presley. Nicolas Cage's Troubles Off the Screen Late last year Nicolas Cage -- who is known to ", 'nepotism, as he is the nephew of legendary film director Francis Ford Coppola. Cage has previously been married to  Patricia Arquette  and Lisa Marie Presley. Nicolas Cage: Known for His Temper On and Off the Screen Late last year Nicolas Cage ', 'best drama series, but it wasn\'t nominated this time around. Nominees for leading ladies in a drama series are  Patricia Arquette  for "Medium," Minnie Driver for "The Riches," Edie Falco for "The Sopranos," Sally Field for "Brothers ', 'Ball to honor diversity, bipartisanship and the troops. She has tapped celebrities Josh Lucas, Amy Brenneman,  Patricia Arquette , Ed Harris, Kate Walsh and Ashley Judd to host. And she expects John Cusack, David Alan Grier, Edward Norton ', 'other teeth in the front," Hewlett noted. "And yet when you look at two famous actresses -- Kirsten Dunst and  Patricia Arquette  -- both have a type of crookedness. The incisors are actually tilted back a little, and the canine teeth look ', "went on big long interview died talked about it incessantly is also is George Lopez and his divorce is finalized and  Patricia Arquette . It's a rough week rough weekend for couples and exactly kidney. Really and they still couldn't state and I ", "-- is also is George Lopez and his divorce is finalized and Patricia Arquette . It's a rough week rough weekend for -- -- couples and exactly kidney. Really and they still couldn't state and I got "]