['Actress-singer Jennifer Lopez is 44. Basketball player-turned-actor Rick Fox is 44. Actor Eric Szmanda is 38. Actress  Rose Byrne  is 34. Country singer Jerrod Niemann is 34. Actress Summer Glau is 32. Actress Elisabeth Moss is 31. Actress Anna Paquin ', 'Jennifer Lopez is 44. Basketball player-turned-actor Rick Fox is 44. Actor Eric Szmanda ("CSI") is 38. Actress  Rose Byrne  is 34. Country singer Jerrod Neimann is 34. Actress Summer Glau is 32. Actress Elisabeth Moss ("The West Wing ', 'Vaughn and Jared Stern - is tired and predictable, particularly Nick\'s storyline with love interest Dana, played by  Rose Byrne . Set aside all the techie jargon and filming on location at the actual Google campus, and "The Internship" just feels ', 'icons flock to the annual CFDA Fashion Awards in New York City to honor their favorite designers, but this year, for  Rose Byrne  and Bobby Cannavale, the event held special significance: It marked the first time they walked the red carpet together ', 'Damages" plainly puts it. And, from the looks of things, one of the show\'s two lead characters, Ellen, played by  Rose Byrne , appears to have met her end. Considering Ellen and Patty Hewes, played by Glenn Close, were embroiled in an investigation ', "MTV Movie Awards 2012: 'Hunger Games,' 'Twilight,' and 'Bridesmaids' Take Home Top Awards", 'Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1? Best Gut-Wrenching Performance "Bridesmaids" (Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph,  Rose Byrne , Melissa McCarthy, Wendi McClendon-Covey and Ellie Kemper) Best Comedic Performance Melissa McCarthy, "Bridesmaids ', 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 Best Gut-Wrenching Performance Bridesmaids (Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph,  Rose Byrne , Melissa McCarthy, Wendi McClendon-Covey and Ellie Kemper) The Help (Bryce Dallas Howard) 21 Jump Street (Jonah ', "maid of honor for the wedding of her childhood best friend, Lillian ( Maya Rudolph ). Annie butts heads with Helen ( Rose Byrne ), a fellow bridesmaid and a Stepford Wife spawn who wears a full-length ballroom gown to Lillian's engagement party ", 'and the album, which shares its title, are both going to be huge. His longtime girlfriend, pop star Jackie Q. ( Rose Byrne ) agrees. Being sober for a number of years, the two proudly share a son, Naples, who is there for the video shoot ', 'Krakowski, "30 Rock" Vanessa Williams, "Ugly Betty" Elizabeth Perkins, "Weeds" Supporting Actress in a Drama Series  Rose Byrne , "Damages" Sandra Oh, "Grey\'s Anatomy" Chandra Wilson, "Grey\'s Anatomy" Dianne Wiest, "In Treatment ', 'Hewes. During "Damages\'" second season, Hewes may finally meet her match in junior lawyer Ellen Parsons (played by  Rose Byrne ) -- but of course, neither woman will go down without a fight. Think of it as "24," with narcissists instead of ', 'The Wrestlers, a lyrical portrayal of the devastating impact of violence on a small town in rural India. Australian  Rose Byrne  won the award for best actress in the Australian film The Goddess of 1967 by Clara Law. She plays a blind 17-year-old ', 'You loved her in "bridesmaid." Now  rose byrne  is back starring in "the internship" and played an played by vince vaughn and owen wilson. Please welcome  rose byrne . We know you\'re from australia so has some aussies ', 'You loved her in "bridesmaid." Now rose byrne is back starring in "the internship" and played an executive whose patience is tested by some unlikely summer interns played by vince vaughn and owen wilson. Please welcome rose byrne . We know you\'re from australia so has some aussies here with you. Oh. We were saying aussie, aussie, aussie, oy, oy, oy. ', "I was thinking about the plaintiffs have when He Clubs and He. from. own someone only grief counseling for her to me. Management team keeps it keeps me. Of course right. Rose firm welcome to this show you I don't know what we're gonna talk about it what ever it is I hope it will be there's Let me", "you look at that he was like down there I galaxies can actually. The I think she looked great last night and then also  Rose Byrne  and and that this secret haute couture jumpsuit. And has taken a chance it was and it it it's to I think that styling ", "actually. The I think she looked great last night and then also Rose Byrne and -- -- and that this secret haute couture jumpsuit. And has taken a chance it was and it it it's -- ", "In need of benchmarks that they've this is impossible period. Also backstage I caught up with bridesmaids stars  Rose Byrne  and Melissa McCarthy. Didn't come right for you and I think that you could tell. Yeah. I think right now yeah ", "this is impossible period. Also backstage I caught up with bridesmaids stars Rose Byrne and Melissa McCarthy. Didn't come right for you and I think that you could tell. Yeah. I think right now -- -- "]