['Police fire rubber bullets at a protester during clashes in Rio de Janeiro on Thursday, June 20. Demonstrations in Brazil began in response to plans to increase fares for the public transportation system but have broadened into wider protests over economic and social issues. Since then, both Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro have agreed to roll back prices on bus and metro tickets.', 'Photographers wait for a riot police officer to fire rubber bullets on June 20 in Rio de Janeiro.', 'Demonstrators stand on a statue in Niteroi outside Rio de Janeiro on Wednesday, June 19.', 'Hidden in the peaceful multitudes are bands of rowdies, leaving rubble in their wake, including this store in Sao Paulo on June 18.', 'An unidentified person carries a television out of a store in Sao Paulo on June 18.', 'Riot police form a line outside the Government Palace in Sao Paulo, on Monday, June 17.', 'Protesters set a fire outside the Tiradentes Palace in Rio de Janeiro during a protest on June 17.', "Protesters clash with riot police in front of Rio de Janeiro's Legislative Assembly building on June 17.", 'A protester receives assistance after being shot in the leg in Rio de Janeiro on June 17.', 'People stand atop the National Congress building in Brasilia, Brazil, on June 17.', 'Thousands stand in the gardens of the National Congress in Brasilia during a protest on June 17.', 'FIFA president Sepp Blatter booed by crowd at opening ceremony for Confederations Cup', "Editor's note: James Montague is the author of When Friday Comes: Football, War and Revolution in the Middle East (deCoubertin Books). He is in Brazil for the Confederations Cup. Follow him @JamesPiotr", 'Belo Horizonte, Brazil (CNN) -- At 11 pm, the tired and the injured gathered in Belo Horizonte for one last expression of discontent.', 'Daniel Sanabria, a technician in his 20s, stood nearby cradling his arm, an ice pack on top of a bloody bandage. He peeled it off to reveal an ugly red welt on his left hand. "A bullet," he explained.', "The day was supposed to have been something of a coronation for Belo Horizonte, a relatively quiet and small city -- if a population of 2.5 million people could ever be called small -- surrounded by mountains, an hour's flight north of Rio de Janeiro.", "Its famous Mineirao football stadium had just hosted its first match of the 2013 Confederations Cup, a 6-1 victory for African champions Nigeria against the tiny Pacific islanders of Tahiti. It was a dry run for next year's World Cup finals which return to Brazil for the first time since 1950, a chance to prove that the country was ready to host the most world's most popular sports tournament.", 'Instead, military and civilian helicopters flew overhead, roads were blocked and military police stationed throughout the city as a series of protests sparked by anger about the cost of living, poor quality education and high transport costs took place at the same time as the match.', "The initial spark for the protests was a rise in bus fares in Sao Paulo. The anger was such that, even in a country often caricatured for its deification of soccer, the World Cup, its surrogate cousin the Confederations Cup and the game's global governing body FIFA, have all become symbolic of corruption and waste.", 'Protesters believe the tournament has seen the rich line their pockets, while the poor make do with crumbling public services. The World Cup, it seems, has sparked something that has lain dormant for a long time.', 'And this year we rise. We have woken up. We are on the streets like in Turkey and Greece. They have made us wake up about this.Tainara Freitas', '"Tonight this is about all of Brazil, we are moving against corruption. We have been suffering for too many years," said Tainara Freitas, a teacher who had remained with the protest until the end.', '"And this year we rise. We have woken up. We are on the streets like in Turkey and Greece. They have made us wake up about this. The World Cup in Brazil is about too much money. There are too many poor people suffering. The World Cup isn\'t good for Brazil. It will bring tourists and money but this is not good for poor people."', "Earlier in the day 15,000 protesters had marched towards the Mineirao as hundreds of thousands of Brazilians took to the streets across the country in the first coordinated mass protests of this size since the end of Brazil's military dictatorship in the mid 1980s.", "Police responded with tear gas, firing rubber bullets into the crowd, and beat protesters who burned barricades in return. I watched Tahiti's brave performance on the pitch as the protesters gathered outside, speaking to Brazilian sports writer Igor Resende at half time about the match and the reasons for the anger. A few hours later he was in hospital after apparently being shot in the back with a rubber bullet.", '"The police came with a brutal force," recalled Resende. "I didn\'t see the protesters do anything. The police threw a bomb and it exploded in the middle of the protest. Then police began to shoot."', '"In that moment I just ran. I thought that if I looked back the police would probably shoot me again. I don\'t think the police are well prepared. They are badly paid. They have a bad life. They act like this because they are scared."', 'But Resende said he has doubt that the police response was related to the Confederations Cup.', '"I spoke to one of the highest ranked police guys in state yesterday. He told me 3,500 policeman were on the streets because of the game. They are acting to avoid conflict near the stadiums. The police and FIFA don\'t want the protesters near the stadiums."', 'For FIFA, who have been critical of Brazil\'s preparations for the World Cup, the protests are an unwelcome complication for a tournament already long behind schedule. "People are using the platform of football and the international media presence to make certain demonstrations," said FIFA president Sepp Blatter who, alongside the Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff, was booed by the crowd at the opening ceremony on Saturday.', 'Speaking in an interview in Rio on Monday, he said: "You will see today is the third day of the competition this will calm down. It will be a wonderful competition."', "But the protests have not calmed down. The day after Blatter's interview, the biggest demonstrations yet took place. Sanabria and Freitas agreed that the Confederations Cup, which continues for another 12 days, is an opportunity to make their voices heard.", 'I asked them both what messaged they wanted to send FIFA and the football world.', '"Please, please, make more pressure on our government, on the Brazilian government to look out for us," said Freitas before she made her way back into the protest, Sanabria still clutching his injured hand.', '"They are looking out for people outside the country, they aren\'t looking for us, for the poor people."', 'Tear gas, fires and running. This shocking footage shows protesters clashing with police in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.', 'Despite bus fares being lowered, thousands of Brazilians are still marching in the streets. Shasta Darlington reports.', "Hundreds of thousands fill the streets in major cities across Brazil. CNN's Matthew Chance reports.", "CNN's Max Foster speaks with Alessandra Orofino about exactly who the Brazilian protesters are and what they want.", "CNN's Shasta Darlington looks at who is participating in Brazil's protests and why.", "Brazilian foreign minister tells CNN's Christiane Amanpour that the protests are just a part of the democratic process. ", "Brazilians head back to the streets to protest against the government. CNN's Shasta Darlington reports.", 'Federal government says it will deploy an elite security group of firefighters and police following cries for social justice on streets of Brazil.', 'Brazil has witnessed its largest protests in 20 years as citizens, struggling to meet rising living costs, revolt against the World Cup.', "While protests tear through Brazil, CNN's Max Foster speaks with a citizen protester and a government official.", "Another night of protests in Brazil, with demonstrators calling for a government more responsive to Brazilians' needs. ", 'Shasta Darlington on how a tiny price hike protest has snowballed into protests over a myriad of economic issues. ']