['A FBI wanted poster for alleged child sex predator Walter Lee Williams is pictured on Monday. ', 'It believes Williams lived in Indonesia and Thailand and traveled to Peru and Mexico', "(CNN) -- Mexican authorities have arrested a former college professor who was on the FBI's 10 most wanted list over allegations of child sex abuse.", 'Walter Lee Williams was detained late Tuesday, Mexican state news agency Notimex reported.', 'The FBI placed the former university professor wanted for alleged sexual exploitation of children on the list Monday, according to Notimex.', 'Williams researched in the field of gender development at a university in California, which gave him easy access to his victims, mainly teenage boys in developing countries, the FBI said.', 'Agents believe he had resided in Indonesia, Polynesia and Thailand, but also may have traveled to Mexico and Peru.', 'An FBI agent reported finding child pornography on a computer and in a video camera belonging to Williams.', 'He was the 500th suspect added to the "FBI 10 most wanted fugitives" list, and the bureau offered $100,000 for information leading to his arrest.', "Williams' photo had appeared in Mexican newspapers identifying him as a fugitive.", 'Police arrested him in a cafe in Playa del Carmen after he failed to produce proper identification.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]