['magazine profile that includes a number of major bombshells (example: she was set to play Dorothy in "Jerry Maguire" until  Renee Zellweger  nabbed the role at the last minute), and some classic Connie-isms ("My life started being awesome five years ago ', "claiming he'd been cheating on her for years.  Renee Zellweger  and Kenny Chesney If Bridget Jones and a country like a flawed premise, that's because it was.  Renee Zellweger  and Kenny Chesney lasted four months after their ", "Britney Spears' Ex, Jason Alexander, Reflects on 55-Hour Marriage: 'I Was in Love'", "In the U.S., the average divorce comes after eight years of marriage. That's 24 times longer than  Renee Zellweger  and Kenny Chesney lasted; 40 times longer than Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries; and 324 times longer than Dennis Rodman ", "claiming he'd been cheating on her for years.  Renee Zellweger  and Kenny Chesney If Bridget Jones and a country like a flawed premise, that's because it was.  Renee Zellweger  and Kenny Chesney lasted four months after their ", "cheating on her for years. Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic  Renee Zellweger  and Kenny Chesney If Bridget Jones and a country like a flawed premise, that's because it was.  Renee Zellweger  and Kenny Chesney lasted four months after their ", 'talking with Aniston in 2011, following his breakup with  Renee Zellweger . "Jen always had a soft spot for Bradley, and she thinks thing for women named Jennifer. Sean Gallup/Getty Images  Renee Zellweger  Cooper seemed to have found his match in Zellweger. They ', "to Clooney's acting and philanthropic ambitions. Though he's been romantically linked with A-list actresses like  Renee Zellweger , for the most part, since his 1992 divorce, he's favored low-profile model types. Clooney dated British model Lisa ", 'red carpets of L.A. while Jonas seems to be coping just fine by bonding with his bulldog, Winston. Bradley Cooper and  Renee Zellweger  These two box office darlings dated less than two years, but from the first time they were linked together, their relationship ', 'everything: looks, fame, fortune. Yet when it comes to men, Jennifer Aniston , Halle Berry , Jennifer Love Hewitt and  Renee Zellweger  keep striking out. Hewitt recently called it quits with boyfriend, actor-director Alex Beh. They dated less than a ', 'I always thought there was something kind of sweet about Bradley Cooper and  Renee Zellweger  as a couple. When Bradley said last year, "I can\'t say enough about her. I just love her. I love acting with her. I can learn ', 'to speak multiple times. "I\'m a loud crier," Cooper told audience at one point (an audience that included actress  Renee Zellweger  , his girlfriend since 2009). "I\'m not like a sobber ... I\'m like a -- it\'s ugly, so I apologize." "It was ', 'later, Ramy Beauty Therapy has become a multimillion-dollar company with products sold around the country. Stars such as  Renee Zellweger , Taylor Swift and Britney Spears have been clients. And while the anger about being fired gave Gafni an added entrepreneurial ', '6,000 Calories, Coconut Milk Ice Cream, Dozens of Doughnuts: How Hollywood Gains Weight', 'calories seem to have paid off: Williams is up for a best actress Oscar for "Blue Valentine." Hollywood Heavyweights  Renee Zellweger  Zellweger endured two stints stuffing herself for "Bridget Jones\' Diary" and its sequel, "Bridget Jones: The Edge ', "Oscar winning actress  Renee Zellweger  is back in a new movie it's epic cold mountain. Yeah. And  Renee Zellweger  returns to the screen this time there is similarity between  Renee Zellweger  life and potters. Both women ", "Oscar winning actress Renee Zellweger is back in a new movie it's called mrs. potter about legendary children's author Beatrix Potter. You know -- from the beloved ", 'Oscar for her performance -- similar epic cold mountain. Yeah. And -- Renee Zellweger returns to the screen this time is both producer and star of miss potter. The story of -- tricks potter. Creator Peter ', 'are separated by more than a century but there is similarity between Renee Zellweger -- life and -- potters. Both women are famous and -- by the public. -- -- -- -- Humble you said recently ', "eighties it's such agreement and you know I relying on it I just love that movie. I'm not and some of them wouldn't  Renee Zellweger  without paglia on. Well you know oh yeah bring up yeah. and I can't get enough I had written it not for money let me ", "I just love that movie. I'm not and some of them wouldn't Renee Zellweger without -- -- paglia on. Well you know oh yeah bring up yeah. -- and I can't get enough I had written ", 'First up we do a great news for fans of Bridget Jones  Renee Zellweger  signed on for the third installment in the series. Much is made of Zellweger weight gain weight loss for the last two installments ', 'First up we do a great news for fans of Bridget Jones Renee Zellweger signed on for the third installment in the series. Much is made of Zellweger -- weight gain weight loss for the last ', 'Oscar winner  Renee Zellweger  we love her she spent months in 57 degrees below zero temperatures in Winnipeg Canada to make the new movie with Harry Connick ', 'Oscar winner Renee Zellweger we love her she spent months in 57 degrees below zero temperatures in Winnipeg Canada to make the new movie with Harry ', "Reporter: A decade after chicago's best picture wins, catherine zeta, queen latifah renee zellweger , and richard gere will be reuniting on stage. Bond, james bond. Reporter: James bond will be honored for 50 years of thrill. ", 'in present-day london. Her first two books sold more than 15 million copies. We can only hope that means we\'ll see  renee zellweger , hugh grant and colin firth back together again on the big screen. The cast of "the avengers" is confirmed for the academy ', 'than 15 million copies. We can only hope that means we\'ll see renee zellweger , hugh grant and colin firth back together again on the big screen. The cast of "the avengers" is confirmed for the academy ', "like you known to do I'm gonna go back and letting if that's Jennifer does not waste time Cooper did split from actress  Renee Zellweger  just in March so very very good for. Are proud that I. As we and 200 it is a I know whoa this situation back in the news ", "that's -- Jennifer does not waste time Cooper did split from actress Renee Zellweger just in March so -- very very good for. Are proud that I. As we -- and 200 -- -- it is "]