["The stalemate over raising the debt ceiling showed no sign of easing today, as Speaker John Boehner defended the Republican Majority Leader Eric Cantor, who Democrats say is the big stumbling block to finding a compromise. NBC's Kristen Welker reports. ", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', "any further or more graphic evidence of how bad the economy is across this country right now, take a look at these pictures and we'll fill in the stories in just a moment. the human stampede that took place just for a shot at a home and a job. because things are so bad, because the stakes are so high, the talks that have been going on in washington to raise the nation's debt ceiling and then some could not be more important right now, and with a major deadline approaching, ", ", it's time to consider at least what happens if they don't have a deal. it's where we begin tonight, we'll start off our coverage with nbc's ", ", well that did not happen. and now here's the headline, there are no talks scheduled for tomorrow. the president and congressional leaders conceived for a fifth time in as many days, but still no deal to raise the debt limit. the treasury secretary has warned the nation will default on its loans if an agreement isn't reached by ", 'we have looked at all available options and we have no way to give the congress more time to solve this problem.', "what's required here in washington is that politicians understand now is not the time to play games, now is not the time to posture, now is the time to do what's right by the country.", 'this after tense talks on wednesday, the president reportedly said enough is enough to house majority leader ', ' for his refusal to give in on tax hikes. cantor says mr. obama stormed out of the meeting which democratic sources deny.', "there's really only one person who has not made any concessions and that is majority leader cantor.", "we're not going to raise the debt ceiling if we don't have cuts in excess of that amount that we don't want to raise taxes.", 'republicans seeming to close ranks today amidst reports that cantor has undercut speaker ', 'let me just say we have been in this fight together. and any suggestion that the role that eric has played in this meeting has been anything less than helpful is just wrong.', "the urgency to get a deal done heightened by two major credit agencies, warning they would downgrade the nation's top notch ", ' to create a relaxed and private environment to try to break this deadlock. that never gained any traction and my source tells me that the next time they will hold these talks will possibly, possibly be during the weekend.']