['Scott Barbour/Getty Images Actress  Portia de Rossi  says she and wife, talk-show host and comedian Ellen DeGeneres, have decided not to have children. "There comes some pressure ', 'ambitious." "Arrested Development," featuring a star-studded cast including Jason Bateman, Michael Cera,  Portia de Rossi , Jeffrey Tambor and Will Arnett, originally ran for three seasons on Fox. Though it was a critic\'s darling and ', "host took notice of. While we're not sure how Perry's boyfriend, John Mayer, reacted to DeGeneres' reaction,  Portia de Rossi  had a good chuckle and was clearly amused by her wife. Before the Grammys, CBS issued a memo asking everyone attending ", "In what became one of the most retweeted photos from the Grammys, Kelly Clarkson photobombed Ellen DeGeneres and  Portia de Rossi . Christopher Polk/Getty Images Watered Down Maker's Mark is changing its recipe so it will no longer pack the ", 'Maybe celebs should wait a year or two before committing to the name change, considering how many of them split.  Portia de Rossi  officially changed her last name to DeGeneres in September 2010. Luckily, she and Ellen had the first syllable of ', 'Arnett. The series, which struggled in ratings through its three seasons, starred Jason Bateman, Michael Cera and  Portia de Rossi , and was produced and narrated by Ron Howard. Tambor led a lecture on acting and directing at SXSW. No date has ', 'pools, and several Jacuzzis. Pitt also owned a home in Malibu, Calif. that he recently sold to Ellen DeGeneres and  Portia de Rossi  for $12 million in December 2011, Zillow reported. He bought the home for $8.4 million in March 2005, shortly ', 'Birthdays 1937 Philip Glass 1941 Richard A. Gephardt 1941 Jessica Walter 1947 Nolan Ryan 1970 Minnie Driver 1973  Portia de Rossi  1975 Preity Zinta 1977 Kerry Washington 1981 Justin Timberlake 1996 Joel Courtney View more videos from This Month ', 'Weekly . The series, which struggled in ratings through its three seasons, starred Jason Bateman, Michael Cera and  Portia de Rossi , and was produced and narrated by Ron Howard. Though the cast have moved on to star in blockbuster movies and have ', 'late December that she was preggers and engaged, we were sideswiped. Ellen DeGeneres and  Portia de Rossi . In 2005, to our knowledge,  Portia de Rossi  was straight. And then all of a sudden, she was dating Ellen DeGeneres. Turns out, the ', 'with my co anchor sentiment that. She closed the hot self confident young attorney on the hit show Allie McBeal.  Portia de Rossi  with blond beautiful. Week. And hairy scary skinny. In real life men loved her looks she appeared on list after ', 'the hot self confident young attorney on the hit show Allie McBeal. Portia de Rossi with blond beautiful. Week. And hairy scary skinny. In real life men loved her looks she appeared on list after list of ', "family, who lost everything. And the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together.  portia de Rossi  plays lindsay. PLEASE WELCOME  portia de Rossi . We got the memo about the red color. It's the them with the orange and the black. It ", "one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. portia de Rossi plays lindsay. PLEASE WELCOME portia de Rossi . We got the memo about the red color. It's the them with the orange and the black. It all comes together. This "]