["movies. She also looks equally good with lighter hair as she does with her natural brunette locks.  Rachel McAdams  Many have called  Rachel McAdams , 34, a dead ringer for Arias when Arias was a bleached blonde. (She's now a brunette.) Though ", '(Dominique Charriau/WireImage/Getty Images)  Rachel McAdams  and Michael Sheen are reportedly the latest Hollywood stars to break up. McAdams, 34, and the British actor, 44, have ended ', "Dragon Tattoo ) is one of the most exciting young actresses of our generation. She's deliciously vengeful here as  Rachel McAdams 's assistant, who won't put up with her ideas being stolen. And yes, they make out. It's Brian de Palma ", 'Scarlett Johansson, We Bought a Zoo  Rachel McAdams , The Vow Emma Stone, The Help Meagan Good, Think Like a Man  Rachel McAdams , The Vow Taylor Schilling, The Stupid, Love. Channing Tatum and  Rachel McAdams , The Vow Choice Movie Hissy Fit ', 'Emma Watson, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson, The Hunger Games  Rachel McAdams  and Channing Tatum, The Vow Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 Best ', 'month olds)," Avery gushes on the blog. "My mommy and daddy said this might be the best kiss since Ryan Gosling &  Rachel McAdams  in The Notebook." Tonight, Avery will get to throw out the first pitch at a baseball came for a new minor league ', "Rachel McAdams  is one of Hollywood's hottest actresses, but before her acting career took off she was dealing with drama behind the counter ", 'really funny," said Joe Levy. Sony 9. \'Midnight in Paris\' The latest film from Woody Allen stars Owen Wilson and  Rachel McAdams . "It\'s about a guy who goes through a door and, and suddenly is in Paris in the swing era," said writer-producer-actor ', 'Danny DeVito 1948 Howard Dean 1949 John Boehner 1960 RuPaul 1966 Jeff Buckley 1976 Brandon Call 1978 Zoe Bell 1978  Rachel McAdams  1980 Isaac Hanson 1983 Christopher Paolini Jump back to Nov. 16: Day in History . View more videos from This Month ', 'the first time his real life romance with co-star  Rachel McAdams . Last week, at the Cannes film festival, McAdams travels to Paris with his fiancee Inez (played by  Rachel McAdams ) and her parents. Gil longs to be a serious novelist ', 'Oh, how we love  Rachel McAdams  . So we were pretty pumped when we read that she recently said of doing a cameo in "Sherlock Holmes 2," "It was nice to revisit ', "Sherlock Holmes ' outside of Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall Thursday night, stars Robert Downey Jr., Jude Law,  Rachel McAdams , Mark Strong, and director Guy Ritchie played second fiddle to the A-list celebrity of the evening -- the cold ", "Woody Allen's new flick at midnight in Paris its New York premiere last night and cast member Michael confirmed for the first time that he's dating one of his co stars in the film. Rachel McCadam I caught up with at the premiere and here's what He had to say about their budding relationship. UNH on", 'Hailey and Tatum McCann talk about acting alongside  Rachel McAdams  and Eric Bana']