["In an exclusive interview with Rep. John Boehner, his first as the new Speaker of the House, Boehner insists that being second in the line of succession behind the president does not change the fact that he's just a small businessman who's come to Washington to restore America's faith in Congress. NBC's Brian Williams reports. ", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', "and good evening from the piece of real estate they call the speaker's balcony on the ", '. this was the first day of business for the new congress, and the new speaker. and the first order of business was the first time ever reading of the ', '. it began after some maneuvering by democrats, but in the end, both parties took part, reading different portions.', 'neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment of crime, the parties have been duley convicted, within the ', ' at the time of the adoption of this constitution shall be eligible to be office of president --', "we're going to have more on that disruption in just a moment. first, though, we begin with our interview with the new ", ' of ohio. his first interview as speaker on his very first full day on the job, insisting to us, as he did in his speech yesterday, that even though he ', "i'm just a regular guy with a big job. i'm humbled to have the opportunity that i have to be the ", 'what one thing are you willing to go down in flames on? what one issue is so important to you that if you knew in advance you would make the deal you would be a short-term two-year ', 'your speech yesterday seemed personal. i noted a lot of conciliatory language in it. but there was that expression "', 'partisanship, the heated rhetoric from each side of the aisle. all of that, in my description, is the ', " that's built up over the last 15 or 20 years. and i think that by having a more open process, a more ", ' that allows members of both parties to participate in the debate, offer amendments, i think ', "and yet respectfully, the first thing you're doing after the reading of the constitution, is bringing so-called ", " up for a vote. it's been called a stunt, because it can pass the republican house, but it's certain to fail, if not in the democratic senate, but it won't survive a veto. why spend the valuable time of your beloved ", " today. it's a weight over every employer that we have. there by requiring them to hold back their willingness to hire people. secondly, i believe that ", " system in the world, because they, by the millions, weren't getting it? and second, where are you getting the notion, as you said again this morning, the ", "i've talked to tens of thousands of people across the country last year as i was out helping my candidates. i've been from one corner of my district to another, and it's pretty clear to me that this law ought to be repealed. the job killing aspects, the cost of it, and what it's going to do to the delivery. while yes, not every american had fair access to affordable ", "i'm curious as to how much responsibility you feel specifically because of something that happened this morning. during the reading of the constitution, congressman frank palone was reading a portion of the document, interrupted by someone who heckled from within the chamber. it was to express doubt over the president's ", ", you've got 12 members co-sponsoring legislation that does about the same thing, it expresses doubt. would you be willing to say, this is a distraction? i've looked at it to my satisfaction, let's move on?", 'would you be willing to say that message to the 12 members in your caucus who seem to either believe otherwise, or are willing to express doubt and have co-sponsored legislation?', ". people come regardless of party labels, they come with all kinds of beliefs and ideas. it's the ", "i don't think i have one off the top of my head, but there is no part of this government that should be sacred.", 'oh, i do, i do. as expensive as it is in terms of lives, and in terms of our treasury, denying safe haven to the terrorists who want to kill it is critically, critically important to the long-term security of our country. when you think about our responsibility as a government, i think the first responsibility that we have is to make sure that there is security in our country.', "the new man in charge in the house. a portion of our conversation with speaker boehner. later in the broadcast, the conversation turns personal. we'll talk about his emotions, even his smoking and his life leading up to this big"]