['1. "The English Girl" by Daniel Silva (Harper) 2. "First Sight" by Danielle Steel (Delacorte) 3. " Inferno " by  Dan Brown  (Doubleday) 4. "And the Mountains Echoed" by Khaled Hosseini (Riverhead) 5. "Hidden Order" by Brad Thor ', 'Delacorte) 4. "The Poisoned Pilgrim: A Hangman\'s Daughter Tale" by Oliver Potzsch (AmazonCrossing) 5. " Inferno " by  Dan Brown  (Knopf/Doubleday) 6. "Second Honeymoon" by James Patterson, Howard Roughan (Little, Brown) 7. "Hidden ', 'by Danielle Steel (Delacorte Press) 3. " Inferno " by  Dan Brown  (Doubleday) 4. "And the Mountain Echoed Patterson, Howard Roughan (Little, Brown) 9. " Inferno " by  Dan Brown  (Doubleday) 10. "Hidden Order" by Brad Thor ', 'Best-Selling Books Week Ended July 14th. FICTION 1. " Inferno " by  Dan Brown  (Doubleday) 2. "Hidden Order" by Brad Thor Patterson, Howard Roughan (Little, Brown) 5. " Inferno " by  Dan Brown  (Doubleday) 6. "Losing Hope" by Colleen Hoover ', 'Order" by Brad Thor (Atria/Emily Bestler Books) 2. "Bombshell" by Catherine Coulter (Putnam Adult) 3. " Inferno " by  Dan Brown  (Knopf/Doubleday) 4. "Second Honeymoon" by James Patterson, Howard Roughan (Little, Brown) 5. "And ', 'July 14th, 2013, powered by Nielsen BookScan. Copyright 2013 The Nielsen Company. HARDCOVER FICTION 1. " Inferno " by  Dan Brown  (Doubleday) 2. "Hidden Order" by Brad Thor (Atria) 3. "Bombshell" by Catherine Coulter (Putnam) 4 ', 'for the week ending July 15, 2013: 1. "Hidden Order," by Brad Thor (Atria/Emily Bestler Books) 2. " Inferno ," by  Dan Brown  (Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group) 3. "Second Honeymoon," by James Patterson & Howard Roughan (Little ', 'Hemisphere. Brown Back Author of "The  Da Vinci Code "  Dan Brown  announced his new novel today . " Inferno " will be published in the U.S. and Canada on May 14.  Dan Brown  Broken Resolutions For 2013, the top ', 'Dan Brown Dan Brown , author of "The  Da Vinci Code " and "Angels this spring. " Inferno ," will be a puzzle on  Dan Brown \'s Facebook studied Dante\'s  Inferno  as a student statement. "The  Da Vinci Code " and "Angels ', 'Magdalene, who is mentioned prominently in the New Testament. The speculation was even the subject of  Dan Brown \'s best seller, The  Da Vinci Code  . King stresses that the new discovery "does not provide evidence that the historical Jesus was married ', 'cosmic conflagration. In a furious  inferno , matter and antimatter were incinerated antiparticles detected to date, in the  inferno  of many billions of particle fragments Angels & Demons," the author  Dan Brown  describes a hunt for a canister of ', 'in the fresco who holds a flag that reads, "He who seeks, finds." Seracini, who was featured in  Dan Brown \'s novel "The  Da Vinci Code ," obtained permission from the city of Florence to drill holes into Vasari\'s painting, and also ', 'it\'s a long-held, well-kept secret like the identity of Deep Throat or a good conspiracy theory.  Dan Brown  ("The  Da Vinci Code ") tried his hand at Washington secrets with " The Lost Symbol " in 2009. A secretive novel about a sitting ', 'The author of best-seller "The  Da Vinci Code " denies allegations of plagiarism.', 'robert langdon in the movie of "the  da vinci code ." And today, the author of the book,  dan brown , announced a new book with a puzzle tweet from a fan. The title " inferno ," as in dante\'s " inferno " with its nine circles of hell ', 'hanks, as you know, played robert langdon in the movie of "the da vinci code ." And today, the author of the book, dan brown , announced a new book with a puzzle on his website. Each clue revealing itself with a tweet from a fan. The title " inferno ," as in dante\'s " inferno " with its nine circles of hell. The book will come out in may. And, how about the new york skyline, in transition ', "that gave the world the  Da Vinci code  including author  Dan Brown  director Ron Howard and plain sight. Even before  Dan Brown 's the  Da Vinci code  imagine a modern day aluminum continuing debate about  Dan Brown 's blend of historical ", "didn't countries including the Vatican. Like hiding in plain sight. Even before Dan Brown's the Da Vinci code -- imagine a modern day aluminum body of work within the Catholic Church. It includes. Director Ron Howard and the team didn't ", "from the author of the  Da Vinci code  came out today and it's The opening scene of  Dan Brown 's new novel takes place powerful conspiracies. Now  Dan brown  and all through the two anxious about getting that  Dan Brown  treatment we don't ", "of the nation's capital. The newest novel from the author of the Da Vinci code came out today and it's built around the premise. That there may be a secret code hidden among the famous buildings of Washington. It is an intriguing premise. Here's David -- The opening scene of Dan Brown's new novel takes place outside the imposing headquarters. Of the Scottish -- free masons this is called the temple room. In this ", "selling author of the  Da Vinci code  slipped through a side London's High Court  Dan Brown  called the allegations the holy Grail and the  Da Vinci code  both contain the theory in favor of amendment  Dan Brown . For the millions of ", "-- The best selling author of the Da Vinci code slipped through a side door that reportedly appeared in court relaxed and smiling. Testifying at London's High Court Dan Brown called the allegations against him absurd down brown says I actually recess this -- from -- -- Of which fuels as well. Claimants say. And -- -- isn't -- historians behind this book published more than twenty years ago are suing Brown's publisher for copyright infringement. The holy blood and the holy Grail and the Da Vinci code both contain the theory that Jesus had a child with Mary Magdalene establishing a bloodline. That is where the similarities stop according to brown I think that it's. She costs shots -- -- it's just in favor of amendment Dan Brown . For the millions of fans of the Da Vinci code the legal proceedings are not expected to interfere with the release of the film version due out in May. With an estimated forty million copies of the novel sold worldwide the movie will likely be a runaway hit. The folks benefiting from the mega market created by the Da Vinci code are just hoping the courtroom drama thousands -- -- Hollywood's. The case is expected to wrap up this week. Last August Dan Brown won a court ruling against another author who claimed the Da Vinci code had copied elements from two of his novels. Stephanie -- ABC news London. ", "Story that sounds like the  Da Vinci code  that they Robert Ludlum spy novel one of the people closest drivers can increase its. Could be plot twist. right out of  Dan Brown 's Vatican thriller angels and demons. But leaks is not fiction ", "drivers can increase its. Could be plot twist. -- right out of Dan Brown's Vatican thriller angels and demons. But -- leaks is not fiction it is a huge embarrassment to the Pope. Highlighting corruption and ", "makes the list the  Da Vinci code  we thought that the trial over whether  Dan Brown  the book's author favor Vinci code  Dan Brown . We took it at face value. The  Da Vinci code  judge seems to it was fair for  Dan Brown  to borrow ideas ", 'come from god. Also cracking the unexpected code the judge in the Da Vinci code plagiarism case has hidden a surprise in his ruling. And hijacking the airwaves twenty years ago today captain midnight replaced HBO satellite ', "coup d'etat the executive branch. One last search makes the list the Da Vinci code we thought that the trial over whether Dan Brown the book's author stole material was long over he was ruled innocent. But as ABC's David Wright explains the judge in the case is made sure it's anything but solved. -- court judgments are usually cut and dry so when a London judge recently ruled in favor Vinci code -- Dan Brown . We took it at face value. The Da Vinci code judge seems to have gotten in the spirit of things and embedded his secret message in his -- Certain seemingly random letters "]