["everybody thank you and thank you for joining us seven online dot com. What special don't forget you can get more information. On these recipes and on the cookbook on our website seven online dot com I'm  Emily Dickinson  out of the", "and on the cookbook on our website seven online dot com I'm Emily Dickinson out of the -- ", "I'd love to quote that I tackled again this morning her favorite quote she always recites it by the way. It's  Emily Dickinson  hope is the thing with others that purchased in the and sings the song without the words. Yeah what would favor a ", "morning her favorite quote she always recites it by the way. It's Emily Dickinson hope is the thing with others that purchased in the -- and sings the song without the words. Yeah what would favor ", "inspiration to others to speak out as well. I have followed my heart and I've spoken the truth there's saying by  Emily Dickinson  says. Opinion as letting thing. But outlasts the signs. Now that they were no safe place away from the compound ", "followed my heart and I've spoken the truth there's -- saying by Emily Dickinson says. Opinion as -- letting thing. But -- outlasts the signs. Now that they were no safe place away from the compound. ", "information about his life he sort of changes his birth to aid and that the and it here Everett That's right this  Emily Dickinson . Well known recluse actually she spent most of her life in seclusion at her contact with the outside world was through ", "and that the and it -- here Everett -- That's right this Emily Dickinson . Well known recluse actually she spent most of her life in seclusion at her contact with the outside world was through. Beautiful ", "only as Jane doe number four in the trial of Warren speaking as herself for the first time. There's a saying by  Emily Dickinson  says. Opinion isn't letting fame but shrink the site. It was heard testimony that helped convict Jeffs the self ", "-- speaking as herself for the first time. There's a saying by Emily Dickinson says. Opinion isn't letting fame but shrink -- the site. It was heard testimony that helped convict Jeffs the self proclaimed prophet "]