['Amazon Sales of "1984 ,"  George Orwell \'s 1949 classic novel about the oppressiveness of government overreach, have risen over 3,000 percent on Amazon since the country ', "latest game comes at a time when immigration has coincidentally taken center stage in American politics. Inspired by  George Orwell 's 1984 and by the checkpoints separating East and West Berlin during the Cold War, the game is set in an imaginary ", 'plot. Throw some talking pigs in there, a hard working horse and winged creatures, and we could have a sequel to  George Orwell \'s "Animal Farm" on our hands. Sadly, this is actually what things could start to look like in Venezuela, a nation ', "on Wednesday. And his about-face on whether his healthcare provisions are a penalty or a tax is reminiscent of ' George Orwell 's '1984' or the best efforts of Pravda at the height of the Soviet period,' the former House speaker says ", 'installed in the mid 1980s. Privacy activists are worried that Britain will become the bleak totalitarian society  George Orwell  painted in his classic novel "1984," where citizens were spied on and personal freedom sacrificed for the benefit ', 'set to debut in South Carolina tomorrow. The ad, which will run in 60 and 90-second versions, is an homage to  George Orwell  featuring automaton-like voters marching single file to a voting booth with flickering images of Mitt Romney blasting ', 'you commit a crime someday. This is no casual reference to the "Big Brother is Watching You" dystopian world of  George Orwell \'s "1984;" it is the reality of H.R. 1981 , a bill in Congress that orders Internet companies to build vast digital ', 'tweeting and Facebooking about for nearly a week, is much more than an eight-hour sporting event. Serious sport,  George Orwell  once said, is "war without the shooting," as Time http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599 ', 'recorded and time-stamped. Several developments have converged to push the monitoring of human activity far beyond what  George Orwell  imagined. Low-cost digital cameras, motion sensors and biometric readers are proliferating just as the cost of ', "Mothers could choose to be tested with their infants. Infants could participate in the research. In the novel 1984 by  George Orwell , the worst part of the dystopia wasn't Big Brother always watching or the drab postwar world or the dreary work. It ", 'Amazon.com is offering free books or $30 to Kindle customers whose copies of the  George Orwell  novels 1984 and Animal Farm were deleted from their electronic reading devices in July. When Amazon erased the books from Kindles ', 'Well, consider a recent incident involving the Internet bookseller Amazon and two works by -- ironically enough --  George Orwell . Amazon had been selling the title s, "1984" and "Animal Farm," to owners of its Kindle reader, the special ', 'Amazon.com CEO Jeffrey P. Bezos has apologized to Kindle customers for deleting pirated copies of  George Orwell  novels 1984 and Animal Farm from their e-reader devices. Kindle users were surprised last week to find that Orwell works they ', "than a few among the Palestinians and Israelis tonight who feel a certain kinship. With the fictional characters of  George Orwell 's bitterly as satirical novel 1984. The world you may remember was divided in broken the three continents two of ", "Israelis tonight who feel a certain kinship. With the fictional characters of George Orwell's bitterly as satirical novel 1984. The world you may remember was divided in -- broken the three continents two of which were ", "Reserve board in Fannie may leave that aside from that. It's. 500000. Dollar cap is way too The CAPTCHA be 127.  George Orwell 's loyalists 604. Dollars and that is the salary company. seeking GS fifteen civil servant you wanna take the government's ", "It's. 500000. Dollar cap is way too -- The CAPTCHA be 127. George Orwell's loyalists 604. Dollars and that is the -- salary company. -- seeking GS fifteen civil servant you wanna take the government's money "]