['on the use of the "N-Word" and other contentious race issues over the years, including teaching the book " Huckleberry Finn ." He said he always used the advice given by the Southern Poverty Law Center to help guide the discussions about ', 'year, a Mark Twain scholar kicked up a storm of controversy when he oversaw the publication of a new version of " Huckleberry Finn " -- one that swaps the "N-word" which occurs 219 times throughout, for "slave." But Bible scholars insist ', '"The Adventures of  Huckleberry Finn " has engendered varying degrees copies for sure!" Of course, " Huckleberry Finn " survived the criticism and coarse. A new version of " Huckleberry Finn " is being published -- one ', 'intense tragedy. The creator of "Tom Sawyer" and " Huckleberry Finn ," Twain was quintessentially American, the author and the model for Jim in his most famous book, " Huckleberry Finn ." "In my schoolboy days, I had no aversion to ', 'from nearby Camano Island, has earned folk hero-like status on the Internet, being compared to a modern day  Huckleberry Finn  or Jesse James. People are selling T-shirts with his image, and a fan Web site, Facebook page and YouTube Video ', 'Harris-Moore, from nearby Camano Island, has earned folk hero like status on the Internet, being compared to a modern day  Huckleberry Finn  or Jesse James. People are selling T-shirts with his image, and the requisite fan Web site, Facebook page ', 'inches tall and 205 pounds, has earned some kind of admiration in Island County for being a sort of modern-day  Huckleberry Finn , Mauck said. But the sheriff in San Juan said the teen is making residents in his county nervous. "I think everybody ', "running through most of Melville, among others, and right down the middle of the great American novel Adventures of  Huckleberry Finn . I'm an only child, albeit encompassed and generously loved by an abundance of relatives, forty-nine first ", 'Biographies of Jefferson, Lincoln, and Teddy Roosevelt. And Benjamin Franklin. Stories about Tom Sawyer and  Huckleberry Finn . Frank and Joe Hardy. An ideal shaped by Fourth of July parades in my small hometown of Rupert, Idaho. An ideal ', 'chain\'s website. What is more, Zinio offers for free 120 "digital classics" such as Moby Dick, The Adventures of  Huckleberry Finn  and Great Expectations through its website, zinio.com. The books are downloadable. Maggiotto is particularly ', 'excitement and the unpredictable, is the most important American tradition. Even that quintessential American,  Huckleberry Finn , at the end of the greatest American epic, decides that life is getting too nice and safe in Hannibal, Missouri ', "Writing an elephant is on your bucket list or you're looking to channel your inner  Huckleberry Finn  cracking down Exotic markets your water and ancient Asian architecture inspires you. Try heading up to the mountains in northern ", "is on your bucket list or you're looking to channel your inner Huckleberry Finn cracking down -- Exotic markets -- your -- water and ancient Asian architecture inspires you. Try heading up to the mountains in ", "president and some other things in society. And uncensored look at the man who penned the adventures of Tom Sawyer and  Huckleberry Finn . Perhaps America's best known author and humorist. You might say that he was really. History's original locker ", "look at the man who penned the adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn . Perhaps America's best known author and humorist. You might say that he was really. History's original locker -- -- -- -- -- ", "ire of the talisman and and that's not a scary story it's a great it's and it's a road story it's like  Huckleberry Finn  and it's wonder and he did that with Peter We had great influence what he used to working already on a new projects ", "it's a great -- it's and it's a road story it's like Huckleberry Finn and it's -- wonder and he did that with Peter -- -- -- -- -- We had great influence -- what he "]