['The author of the million-selling "The Hangman\'s Daughter" books has signed for a new novel in the series.  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt announced Thursday that Oliver Potzsch\'s "The Castle of Kings," a romance set in the 16th century ', "Julio Ricardo Varela, a then 41-year-old Puerto Rican blogger who had recently left his publishing job at  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt, came across the video online and like many who watched it, wasn't amused. When BBC took it down from ", 'is a very good new meat book out, published last year, by Bruce Aidells, called " The Great Meat Cookbook ,"  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt. I highly recommend it. Linda Studt: For over 36+ years, my cakes and cupcakes have remained moist ', 'The Great Meat Book," by a highly qualified meat specialist Bruce Aidells. It is going to be published by  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt on October 2 of this year. Bruce just happens to have a recipe for pickled tongue in this tome and he ', 'Apple was forming partnerships with three of the biggest publishers of school texts: Pearson, McGraw-Hill and  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt, which are responsible for 90 percent of the textbooks used in the U.S. today. DK Publishing, which ', 'Jacques Pepin\'s new cookbook, "Essential Pepin." Courtesy of  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt Sara Moulton picked her favorite cookbooks of 2011 this morning on "Good Morning America." For the busy cook to the ', 'fresh? Sara\'s Answer: Lolly, According to Linda and Fred Griffith in their book"Garlic, Garlic, Garlic" ( Houghton Mifflin  1998): "Fresh garlic has the best flavor in the first few months after its harvest. Since most garlic grown in ', 'roams the world. Theroux, the author of more than four dozen books, including the just-released Tao of Travel ( Houghton Mifflin , $25) shares thoughts on some happy spots with Larry Olmsted for USA TODAY. These are typically "places where ', "brightest talent motivated throughout the year. Today's Tip: Have a big idea? Want to change the world? Well  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt (HMH) wants to hear from you. The HMH Global Education Challenge is designed to identify and incubate ", 'Cooking" Edited by Joan Reardon  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt, $40 A collection Dinners" by Pam Anderson,  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt, $32 Casseroles Table" by Dorie Greenspan,  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt, $40 A beautiful ', "across penicillin or Post-it notes or Flubber. Yes, we're helping the world a bit. But in the process we are transforming our relationships with one another. And that has been the real surprise. Copyright  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt", 'everyone. "Michael Symon\'s Live to Cook" by Michael Symon, Clarkson Potter, $35 "Stir" by Barbara Lynch,  Houghton Mifflin  Harcourt, $35 Another inspirational Italian cookbook from a great Boston chef with recipes both for simple home ']