["Harry Potter  author  JK Rowling  is released new details about her latest adults. In the call casual vacancy  Rowling  says it will be sent an English town everything is as it appears in the surface  Rowling 's publisher calls the book. Blackley ", "Harry Potter author JK Rowling is released new details about her latest book the first for adults. In the call -- casual vacancy Rowling says it will be sent an English town it. Seems to be idyllic but not everything is as it appears in the surface Rowling's publisher calls the book. Blackley comic. Available worldwide as an e-book and our cover on September 27. ", "sellers list. Not so coincidentally it happened when it's true author was revealed as  JK Rowling  who knows a thing or two about best sellers.  Harry Potter  writer was over the weekend after the Sunday times of London became suspicious because ", "Not so coincidentally it happened when it's true author was revealed as JK Rowling who knows a thing or two about best sellers. Harry Potter writer was -- over the weekend after the Sunday times of London became suspicious because the book was so well written. ", "didn't want to the creator of  Harry Potter JK Rowling 's new book. The cover for adults has just been revealed  the casual vacancy  is the name of the book it effect on rolling event that  Harry Potter  Here's what I've got to ", "Don't expect -- weather didn't want to the creator of Harry Potter JK Rowling's new book. The cover for her first novel aimed at adults has just been revealed the casual vacancy is the name of the book it hits bookstores in September 27. And by the way -- the story that seemingly idyllic town in England where every -- is at war with each other. So we'll have a -- magical effect on rolling event that Harry Potter -- Here's what I've got to say that -- like 500 pages of backstabbing -- I don't let them. I don't doubt ", "Welcome to the skinny everyone and we have a mystery that has been solved okay. We now know who leaked the identity of  JK Rowling  as being mysterious. Author of this. Novel called the cuckoo's calling so this novel came out under well how we now ", "has been solved okay. We now know who leaked the identity of JK Rowling as being mysterious. Author of this. Novel called the cuckoo's calling so this novel came out under well how we now know ", "says she is one angry author and it turns out it was law firm who revealed that her latest book. Was written under pending  Harry Potter  creator says she's upset with her lawyer for spilling the beans on the calling. Which is written under the pseudonym Robert ", "law firm who revealed that her latest book. Was written under pending Harry Potter creator says she's upset with her lawyer for spilling the beans on the -- -- calling. Which is written under the pseudonym ", "In London  Harry Potter  author  JK Rowling  telling a much different kind of don't kill in the charm to gotten.  JK Rowling  made a fortune dreaming up the wizard in world of  Harry Potter  yet today the author told a government ", "In London Harry Potter author JK Rowling telling a much different kind of story today -- true one Rowling testifying about how aggressive. The tabloids have become leaving her own children to feel threatened. She is the latest star witness in a sweeping investigation of Britain's infamous tabloids ABC's Kelly -- -- -- it was there. I don't kill in the -- charm to gotten. JK Rowling made a fortune dreaming up the wizard in world of Harry Potter yet today the author told a government panel investigating media ethics. But the dark arts of the tabloids left her baffled and ", "imagination behind  Harry Potter  is writing her first is aimed at adults.  JK Rowling 's  Harry Potter  books about a boy wizard will be very different  Harry Potter  series. potter books grown out literature.  Rowling  herself seem to have ", "by a mile is back at her keyboard. JK -- imagination behind Harry Potter is writing her first novel since -- completed the potter series five years ago. And justice her boy wizard has grown up and moved on so has rolling. As ABC's Dan Harris reports her new book is aimed at adults. JK Rowling's Harry Potter books about a boy wizard cast -- powerful spelled not only getting millions of kids interested in reading. It was. But also ", 'whopper go hopefully. such a brilliant day. Who reporters and after a bit of they understood why. Robert is really  JK Rowling . Hotter industrial complex after being said it has been pleasure your feedback from fans and critics unaware of her ', 'after a bit of -- they understood why. Robert -- is really JK Rowling . Hotter industrial complex after being -- -- said it has been -- pleasure your feedback from fans and critics unaware of her ', "It's  Harry Potter  mania this week a final film in biopic about the author of the  Harry Potter  potter books  JK Rowling  called magic beyond words to  JK Rowling 's story. In fact here's a ", "It's Harry Potter mania this week a final film in theaters on Friday. Lifetime as a new biopic about the author of the Harry Potter potter books JK Rowling called magic beyond words to JK Rowling's story. In fact here's a clip. New content and become -- this this isn't me I mean. Did you see it just ", "-- and anxiety there that -- train -- moments that just before JK Rowling steps out of that little -- -- -- books. Come to -- for the first time on the big screen. And we're so happy to be joined now by actress poppy Montgomery who plays JK Rowling and that film poppy how aria. I'm good how are you doing I'm doing well thanks are we gotta ask are you a big Harry Potter fan. Huge Harry Potter fan huge huge huge like I'm one of those rabid crazy. Harry Potter -- people so I -- I ran out of books before I ever gotten involved with the movies. Wow which are no small feat I mean seven or 800 pages I mean that's that's pretty amazing. For those of us you know who don't know JK Rowling's incredible rise to fame take us a little bit down after her story. I mean she she basically when she wrote the ", "you found laughs and of course you can turn magically on words JK Rowling's story July 18 -- lifetime. ", "some magic in the air today since the stroke of midnight  Harry Potter  and the deathly hollows. Has been eager hands of millions deacons his hero and but He did. We don't know who  JK Rowling  has been killed in her new book and you know please don't ", "-- -- his hero and but He did. We don't know who JK Rowling has been killed in her new book and you know please don't but let's all of us hope that she's extra -- ", 'glee" is devastated. Who is behind the unmasking of  jk rowling . Sounds like "the sunday times of london" got a tip. Worldwide sales of " harry potter ." This came out and sold 1500 copies in england. Very ', 'the founder of "glee" is devastated. Who is behind the unmasking of jk rowling . Sounds like "the sunday times of london" got a tip. Worldwide sales of " harry potter ." This came out and sold 1500 copies in england. Very, very well reviewed. In fact people were saying it does not look ', 'Miller and  Rowling  testify at U.K inquiry about harrowing stories of harassment.', "Something's going out with  Harry Potter . The author behind everyone's favorite wizard says something new is coming that's got a whole lot of fans in a frenzy nick ", "Something's going out with Harry Potter . The author behind everyone's favorite wizard says something new is coming -- that's got a whole lot of fans in a frenzy ", "now open to everyone  JK Rowling 's new web site for die hard  Harry Potter  fans. Includes a new material written by  Rowling  herself you can also download a  Harry Potter  books. Access has been ", "year in prescriptions is wasted. -- Moore is now open to everyone JK Rowling's new web site for die hard Harry Potter fans. Includes a new material written by Rowling herself you can also download a Harry Potter books. Access has been limited while the site was in beta testing registration is free. It Angry Birds space the birds are ", 'by the millions are saying goodbye to  Harry Potter  this weekend the final installment in years. Six billion dollars itself.  Harry Potter  has cast a spell. Fired generation and lined upper midnight release of  Harry Potter  and the deathly hollows part two. Final ', "Muggles by the millions are saying goodbye to Harry Potter this weekend the final installment in the film franchise took in 43 million dollars in midnight screening alone and new box office record. And as ABC's -- came when it learned many are also saying that five their childhood. -- And years. Six billion dollars itself. Harry Potter has cast a spell. Fired generation. Then celebrated and lined upper -- midnight release of Harry Potter and the deathly hollows part two. Final installment in a pop culture phenomenon unlike any other I'm devastated I know you can ", "you and I thought. Our generation has -- We're now there's the Harry Potter theme park in Orlando and of course video games. Still fans just don't seem ready to let go it actually I'm the morning -- very depressed about the end of this and wondering how they're gonna fill this void. -- this then let it. So well this tale of Harry Potter has ended yeah. It's the start of the new chapter for millions of fence. Who have had one heck of a ride ", "brilliant day. You reporters and after a bit of sleuthing and they understood why. Robert cooperate there's really  JK Rowling . Hotter industrial complex after being outmoded said it has been a pleasure your feedback from fans and critics unaware ", "a bit of sleuthing and they understood why. Robert cooperate there's really JK Rowling . Hotter industrial complex after being outmoded -- said it has been a pleasure your feedback from fans and critics unaware of her ", "Sorry  Harry Potter  fan but there isn't another novel in the works yet. But JK rally did give fans something else to get excited about the series ", "Sorry Harry Potter fan but there isn't another novel in the works yet. But JK rally did give fans something else to get excited about ", 'Are we have a very big deal for the leadership of  Harry Potter  but that there. The of the gloves why we have gloves on shaky rally is that there will be no more  Harry Potter  books but recently she wrote out of my hands down. gotten our own hand ', 'Are we have a very big deal for the leadership of Harry Potter -- but that there. The -- of the gloves why we have gloves on shaky rally is that there will be no more Harry Potter books but recently she wrote out of my hands down. -- gotten our own hand a manuscript called tales of -- the ', "Well perhaps you noticed some magic in the air today since the stroke of midnight  Harry Potter  and the deathly hallows. Has been eager hands of millions of fans who couldn't wait for the seventh and final book in the series ", "noticed some magic in the air today since the stroke of midnight Harry Potter and the deathly hallows. Has been eager hands of millions of fans who couldn't wait for the seventh and final book in "]