["Church of Scientology Told Actress Vetted to Be Tom Cruise's  Partner She Would 'Save the World,' Writer Says", 'as a candidate to be  Tom Cruise \'s real-life girlfriend going to end up meeting  Tom Cruise ." The allegations filming the 2005 film " War of the Worlds ," only Scientologist What do you think of  Tom Cruise ?" Once Boniadi, then ', 'took off after  H . G .  Wells \' "The  War of the Worlds " was published and Earth via  Orson Welles . The famed director actor updated " War of the Worlds " for a  Mercury Theatre  radio broadcast first heard the " War of the Worlds " broadcast when ', 'moment and crossing lines," Weiss said. Remember when  Tom Cruise  was hit in the face by a stream of water from a joke microphone during the London premiere for the film " War of the Worlds "? Cruise was incensed, telling the prankster ', 'God, delivered through Celestia.  Tom Cruise  While promoting his 2005 film " War of the Worlds ," a German newspaper asked  Tom Cruise  if he believed in aliens. "Yes ', 'Richard Heene\'s attorney, invoked the example of  Orson Welles , noting that the author didn\'t go to jail for convincing world that it was being invaded by aliens in his 1938 " War of the Worlds " radio broadcast. Richard Heene himself said little ', 'into an adaptation of  Orson Welles \' \'Julius Caesar look in the life of  Orson Welles  at that moment," said focuses on 22 year old  Orson Welles , who by then had already G. Well\'s "The  War of the Worlds " was only a year away ', 'to point out examples of this -- such as when  Orson Welles  triggered mass panic in 1938 when he read an adaptation of  H . G .  Wells \' " War of the Worlds " on national radio. The fake newscast convinced ', 'promote a fictitious school for beggars. Decades before, with its use of a news reporting format,  Orson Welles \' infamous "The  War of the Worlds " radio broadcast in 1938 had listeners across the country thinking that an invasion by martians was ', "Colonizing space was a theme of comic books and radio shows like Flash Gordon. In 1938  Orson Welles 's radio broadcast of  War of the Worlds , based on  H .  G .  Wells 's sci-fi novel, set off panic as rumors of a Martian invasion swept through some ", 'to Sci-Fi Author  H . G .  Wells  The tech giant has the contributions of  H . G .  Wells , author of the science fiction classic "The  War of the Worlds ." "You might have wanted to celebrate  H . G .  Wells  as an author who encouraged ', 'image is a nod to "The  War of the Worlds " sci-fi author  H . G .  Wells  . Others think it points is also featured in "The  War of the Worlds " and the birthday of author  H . G .  Wells  is in six days, on Sept ', 'and Mattoon, Ill., during the early 1930s. An episode of the radio drama "The  War of the Worlds ," adapted by  Orson Welles \' Mercury Theater from  H .  G .  Wells \' novel, triggered another bout of mass hysteria in 1938 when it aired -- this ', 'those who listened to Orson radio  war of the worlds  actually believed. An invasion Mars. Today happily celebrates  Orson Welles  broadcast. But people still wonder nervous because it was Halloween.  Orson Welles  had shaken the country without ', 'an invading army from the planet Mars. Today -- -- happily celebrates Orson Welles broadcast. But people still wonder how anyone could fall for a radio drop. -- was so authentic. We took just supposed to ', 'perhaps -- a little bit. Upset and nervous because it was Halloween. Orson Welles had shaken the country without knowing it was possible. Came rather as a great surprise to us that this story. Problem -- ', 'was going to end up meeting  tom cruise . You write that they started dating while  tom cruise  was shooting " war of the worlds " here in new york. Correct And three months later,  tom cruise  was dating katie holmes ', "the church of scientology allegedly auditioned possible love interests for superstar actor, tom cruise . We'll speak with the author of that article in a moment. But first, here's linsey davis with the background. Reporter: Bombshell details, ", "Thank you. The first question I have to ask, is why does tom cruise need help getting a date? One wouldn't think he would. He didn't want just a date. He wanted a soul mate in ", "just before her was penelope cruz. I have no idea. We asked tom cruise , I asked tom for an interview. And he refused. So, you're going to have ask him that. According to your sources, things ", "at love interest for  Tom Cruise  according article one really auditions as  Tom Cruise  wouldn't need that again Maria Norton  Tom Cruise  is wraps claim the report filing them for the  war of the worlds  tour it was 2005 and ", "claim that the church of Scientology's allegedly. Auditioned at love interest for Tom Cruise according -- article one of the women was. Amazon -- says it. Not as -- mean -- -- not need a -- ", "I was Reid's response to Elizabeth Vargas asking her really auditions as Tom Cruise wouldn't need that again Maria Norton -- -- -- Tom Cruise is wraps -- claim the report is false and the Turks and psychology vehemently. Denies the allegations saying and I do quote ", 'reacting in the moment and crossing. Remember when  Tom Cruise  was hit by hidden water pistol during the  war of the worlds  premier. Cameras Kim Kardashian in being flour bombed ', "they're cranking or just reacting in the moment and crossing. Remember when Tom Cruise was hit by -- hidden water pistol during the war of the worlds premier. Cameras -- Kim Kardashian in being flour bombed by a female fan at a fragrance launch. And -- Sacha Baron Cohen "]