['Some say that a painting with strong resemblance to masterpiece could also be painted by artist.', "actually be a copy?  Mona lisa ,  da vinci 's mysterious masterpiece world now has a twin?  Mona lisa  -- leonardo's earlier version of this. A younger  mona lisa . Note the perkier smile suspect of this wannabe  da vinci . A second  mona lisa", 'And finally tonight, could a priceless painting actually be a copy? Mona lisa , da vinci\'s mysterious masterpiece is now being challenged by a younger rival. Her owners, of course, have millions of reasons to believe their painting is the original. So, abc\'s jeffrey kofman takes a close look so you can decide for yourself. Reporter: Could it be? The most famous painting in the world now has a twin? Mona lisa -- leonardo\'s earlier version. Reporter: That\'s what the owners of the so-called isleworth mona lisa told the world today. Hidden in a swiss bank vault for almost half a century, it emerged accompanied by a stack of "evidence" meant to prove that this was day v vinci\'s first version of this. A younger mona lisa . Note the perkier smile. There are a lot of reasons to be suspect of this wannabe da vinci . A second mona lisa ? There are a lot of reasons to be suspect. One of them? It only surfaced here in 1914. There is no record ', "Scientists in Italy believe they may have turned up the remains of Da is  Mona Lisa  the skeleton was discovered in Florence beneath the medieval Condit. It's believed the woman opposed the painting was the wife of rich Florentine merchant. Husband died she became a not dying 1542.", "believe they may have turned up the remains of Da -- is Mona Lisa -- the skeleton was discovered in Florence beneath the medieval Condit. It's believed the woman -- opposed the painting was the wife ", "familiar. If you've seen the first  Mona Lisa  of art experts who make their of what's called the worth.  Mona Lisa  they say that it was painted by  Leonardo Da Vinci  about ten years before the  Mona Lisa  we all know. And it is a painting ", "course in fact it's all too familiar. If you've seen the first Mona Lisa -- -- of art experts who make their case today for the authenticity of what's called the -- worth. Mona Lisa they say that it was painted by Leonardo Da Vinci about ten years before the Mona Lisa we all know. And it is a painting of the same woman slightly younger that same small. ", 'have names you. The  Mona Lisa  for centuries she is than 500 years after  Leonardo Da Vinci  painted it it remains who may have inspired  Mona Lisa . So this is professor building where he believes  Mona Lisa  was buried. So what ', "Moon. These moment. Men have names you. The Mona Lisa for centuries she is held many mysteries -- that small smile she wears so well. But now we may have learned just who she was. Here's ABC's David Wright. We're here in Florence birthplace of the Renaissance to discuss what else art. The most famous painting of the world more than 500 years after Leonardo Da Vinci painted it it remains to some extent a mystery. But an amateur historian here in Florence has added exciting new details. About the woman who may have inspired Mona Lisa So this is professor just have -- -- -- high school teacher here in Florence and he's been telling me that it was on this street. At least -- guaranteeing yes removed when she was fifteen years don't -- -- would -- have lived. And then she -- -- that probably in these bid being all right here yes I suppose. Senior -- also took me to the abandoned building where he believes Mona Lisa was buried. So what do we know about Mona Lisa -- -- -- and she was the wife of a wealthy merchant she lived until she was 63 years old and was ", 'known to the world  Mona Lisa . And finally have names. The  Mona Lisa  for centuries 500 years after  Leonardo Da Vinci  painted it it have inspired  Mona Lisa . So this is professor where he believes  Mona Lisa  was buried. So ', "Q Nat King Cole. Okay. These -- -- Men have names. The Mona Lisa for centuries she is held many mysteries -- that small smile she wears so well. But now we may have learned just who she was. Here's ABC's David Wright. We're here in Florence birthplace of the Renaissance to discuss what else art. The most famous painting of the world more than 500 years after Leonardo Da Vinci painted it it remains to some extent a mystery. But an amateur historian here in Florence has added exciting new details. About the woman who may have inspired Mona Lisa So this is professor just have -- -- -- high school teacher here in Florence and he's been telling me that it was on this street. At least -- guaranteeing yes -- moved when she was fifteen years don't -- where would -- have lived. And then she -- -- that probably in these bid being all right here yes I suppose. Senior -- -- -- also took me to the abandoned building where he believes Mona Lisa was buried. So what do we know about Mona Lisa -- -- and she was the wife of a wealthy merchant she lived until she was 63 years old and was known ", "pick-pocketing kids bringing the great museums to its knees, targeting the unsuspecting tourists too busy soaking in  leonardo da vinci 's  mona lisa  and the ancient greek statue venus de milo. They're even preying on their staff, who were so fed up they ", "museums to its knees, targeting the unsuspecting tourists too busy soaking in leonardo da vinci's mona lisa and the ancient greek statue venus de milo. They're even preying on their staff, who were so fed up they -- with ", "they say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery of course but not. Sure if  Leonardo Da Vinci  would agree in this case and Iowa. As recreated the  Mona Lisa  without using any hate He made this masterpiece that you're looking at using only ", "is the sincerest form of flattery of course but not. Sure if Leonardo Da Vinci would agree in this case and -- Iowa. As recreated the Mona Lisa without using any hate He made this masterpiece that you're looking at using only sticky notes 121000. Of them. The artist is ", 'Welcome to the mixed today rescuing  Da Vinci  a story of grand art theft by the In a matter of a few weeks the  Mona Lisa  was the only work apart evacuated nearby this about the war how did  Mona Lisa  fleet and where did she travel during ', 'Welcome to the mixed today rescuing Da Vinci a story of grand art theft by the Nazis. And the treasure hunts by the allies to get at all back. Joining ']