['October thieves stole a number of valuable paintings from the Rotterdam Kunsthal, including works by Lucian Freud,  Paul Gauguin , Henri Matisse, Claude Monet and Pablo Picasso. Though suspects were arrested in the case, officials had been unable ', 'its own cultural heritage." "Andy Warhol\'s Elvis" "Gustav Klimt\'s The Kiss" "Salvador Dali\'s Sleep" " Paul Gauguin \'s Tahitian Women (On the Beach)" "Goya\'s The 3rd of May, 1808? "Leonardo da Vinci\'s Mona Lisa" "Matisse\'s ', "you're booking a grown-up cruise, you'll find a more relaxing atmosphere on posh lines like Regent Seven Seas ,  Paul Gauguin  Cruises , Seabourn Cruise Line or river lines like Uniworld . Looking for a more budget-oriented getaway? Stick to ", 'candy and pens. At our next stop, Hiva Oa, a larger island and the final resting place of the French impressionist  Paul Gauguin , we anchored in Traitors Bay along with 20 or so other boats. Happily there are a few restaurants and hotels here ', 'candy and pens. At our next stop, Hiva Oa, a larger island and the final resting place of the French impressionist  Paul Gauguin , we anchored in Traitors Bay along with 20 or so other boats. Happily there are a few restaurants and hotels here ', "German historians now claim that painter Vincent van Gogh lost his ear in a fight with his friend, the French artist  Paul Gauguin . The official version about van Gogh's legendary act of self-harm usually goes that the disturbed Dutch painter ", 'A half-man, half-goat ceramic figure supposedly sculpted by 19th century French artist  Paul Gauguin  has delighted aficionados visiting the Art Institute of Chicago for a decade, but now the museum says "The Faun" is a fake ', "Wilderness Travel. The adventure tour specialist's 14-night Total Solar Eclipse in Polynesia trip aboard the cruise ship  Paul Gauguin  will catch the end of the eclipse as it blackens the South Pacific after passing over China. Expect 3 minutes, 26 ", 'Magazine. "And what do you need? You need art." On Wednesday night, at Christie\'s, works by Gustav Klimt,  Paul Gauguin , Egon Schiele, Ernst Ludwig Kirchner, and others sold for nearly half a billion dollars to anonymous buyers. It ', "paintings including harlequin head by Picasso. Waterloo bridge by Claude Monet and girl in front of open window by  Paul Gauguin . automated security system went off with the museum does not keep guard's on site. They're very. Long security ", "bridge by Claude Monet and girl in front of open window by Paul Gauguin . -- automated security system went off with the museum does not keep guard's on site. They're very. Long security system in this "]