['the upper east side Jeff. And  Salvador Dali  drawing was taken from an art dollars for allegedly stealing the  Salvador Dali  masterpiece. Thanks to old fashioned accused of putting a valuable  Salvador Dali  drawing into a shopping bag ', '-- gaze on the upper east side Jeff. And -- -- -- Salvador Dali drawing was taken from an art gallery in this building here on Madison avenue it was a 150000. Dollar -- but any ', "Greek nationals bail set at a 100000 dollars for allegedly stealing the Salvador Dali masterpiece. Thanks to old fashioned police work the investigation may have been a work of -- is well. The theft itself was less Thomas crown affair and heist at the met. It was on a smaller scale the scene and art gallery in this building on -- -- Manhattan district attorney cy Vance says. It was almost surreal how the -- was committed a thief is accused of putting a valuable Salvador Dali drawing into a shopping bag. In the middle of the afternoon in full view of surveillance cameras. According to investigators' when the ", "Very sexy got to Alan Cumming who that the episode doing this and party allies and only talks about when she met  Salvador Dali . In Paris and our restaurant little unsophisticated that he's sitting the woman and then the woman removed prevail ", "doing this and party allies and only talks about when she met Salvador Dali . In Paris and our restaurant -- -- -- little unsophisticated that he's sitting -- the woman and then the woman removed prevail ", "doesn't follow its or if that's what it called it's what it's like an answer to question. What would happen  Salvador Dali  made attack commercials. It's you know you don't like the demon sheep and and love it. when labs as what we need ", "it's what it's like an answer to question. What would happen -- Salvador Dali made attack commercials. It's you know you don't like the demon sheep and and -- -- love it. -- when labs as ", "doesn't follow or if that's what of people it's like it's like an answered the question. What would happen  Salvador Dali  made attack commercials. It's you know you don't like the demon sheep and a fan I kind of love it. Stop when ", "it's like it's like an answered the question. What would happen -- Salvador Dali made attack commercials. It's you know you don't like the demon sheep and a fan I kind of love it. Stop when ", 'at 76 she is still starting the catwalk and redefining aging for women around the world. At thirteen she posed for  Salvador Dali  and fifteen she landed her first vogue cover. But most of us know Carmen for her signature cloud of snow white hair ', 'redefining aging for women around the world. At thirteen she posed for Salvador Dali and -- fifteen she landed her first vogue cover. But most of us know Carmen for her signature cloud of snow white ', 'at 76 she is still starting the catwalk and redefining aging for women around the world. At thirteen she posed for  Salvador Dali  and fifteen she landed her first vote cover. But most of us know Carmen for her signature cloud of snow white And ', 'redefining aging for women around the world. At thirteen she posed for Salvador Dali and -- fifteen she landed her first vote cover. But most of us know Carmen for her signature cloud of snow white ']