['regime is presently killing its own cultural heritage." "Andy Warhol\'s Elvis" "Gustav Klimt\'s The Kiss" " Salvador Dali \'s Sleep" "Paul Gauguin\'s Tahitian Women (On the Beach)" "Goya\'s The 3rd of May, 1808? "Leonardo da Vinci\'s ', 'A thief who allegedly managed to steal a  Salvador Dali  painting from a New York art gallery and escape with it to Greece got tripped up by fingerprints he left behind on groceries he ', '(Image Credit: New York Police Department/AP Photo) A stolen drawing by surrealist artist  Salvador Dali  was mailed back to New York City without explanation just in time for the final day the gallery show it was stolen from 10 days ', 'Police are looking for a man who swiped a $150,000  Salvador Dali  painting from a Manhattan art gallery. Police say the man walked into the Venus Over Manhattan gallery on Tuesday, posing as ', 'soft" by New York magazine and others. Midnight in Paris The feel-good film that resurrected Ernest Hemingway and  Salvador Dali  was Woody Allen\'s most successful box office gamble ever. It\'s made $158 million worldwide since its May opening ', 'that at least 13 paintings would be up for grabs. "They are dark and beautiful, a cross between Edgar Allen Poe and  Salvador Dali , and very reflective of Kevorkian\'s life," Streets said. The proceeds from the auction will go to Kevorkian\'s ', 'quaint boutiques of Old Town Marbella are just a 20 minute drive from the resort. There, you can see the works of  Salvador Dali  and Pablo Picasso at the Museo del Grabado. If you want to devote more time to Picasso, his hometown of Malaga is ', 'of the richest people worldwide, with a net worth of $20 billion. Banier, who has befriended stars from artist  Salvador Dali  to Princess Caroline of Monaco to actor Johnny Depp, has confirmed he received the gifts in cash, life insurance ', "if that's what it would be called. It's like -- it's like an answer to the question, what would happen if  Salvador Dali  made a tech (ph) commercial? TAPPER: You don't -- you don't like the demon sheep? You're not a fan of ", "if that's what it would be called. It's like -- it's like an answer to the question, what would happen if  Salvador Dali  made a tech (ph) commercial? TAPPER: You don't -- you don't like the demon sheep? You're not a fan of the ", 'the Losses Caused by Bernie Madoff," as well as a list of the luxury items for sale, like artwork by Peter Max,  Salvador Dali , and Norman Rockwell, Rolex watches and other "flashy items." In garbled English, the ad indicates that the items ', 'the Losses Caused by Bernie Madoff," as well as a list of the luxury items for sale, like artwork by Peter Max,  Salvador Dali , and Norman Rockwell, Rolex watches and other "flashy items." Click here to purchase "The Madoff Chronicles ', 'Meanwhile, Robert Pattinson has experience playing an emo musician in "How To Be." And he was a pretty convincing  Salvador Dali  in "Little Ashes." The Winner: My vote\'s on James Franco. Pattinson may be the hot young thang, but Franco ', 'daylight here in New York City take a look at this a man walked out of a Madison avenue gallery with a 150000. Dollar  Salvador Dali  painting inside his bag. He told the guard into letting him take the picture that take a picture it many grabbed it ', 'man walked out of a Madison avenue gallery with a 150000. Dollar Salvador Dali painting inside his bag. He told the guard into letting him take the picture that take a picture -- it many grabbed ', 'the upper east side Jeff. And  Salvador Dali  drawing was taken from an art dollars for allegedly stealing the  Salvador Dali  masterpiece. Thanks to old fashioned accused of putting a valuable  Salvador Dali  drawing into a shopping bag ', '-- gaze on the upper east side Jeff. And -- -- -- Salvador Dali drawing was taken from an art gallery in this building here on Madison avenue it was a 150000. Dollar -- but any ', "Greek nationals bail set at a 100000 dollars for allegedly stealing the Salvador Dali masterpiece. Thanks to old fashioned police work the investigation may have been a work of -- is well. The theft itself was less Thomas crown affair and heist at the met. It was on a smaller scale the scene and art gallery in this building on -- -- Manhattan district attorney cy Vance says. It was almost surreal how the -- was committed a thief is accused of putting a valuable Salvador Dali drawing into a shopping bag. In the middle of the afternoon in full view of surveillance cameras. According to investigators' when the ", "Very sexy got to Alan Cumming who that the episode doing this and party allies and only talks about when she met  Salvador Dali . In Paris and our restaurant little unsophisticated that he's sitting the woman and then the woman removed prevail ", "doing this and party allies and only talks about when she met Salvador Dali . In Paris and our restaurant -- -- -- little unsophisticated that he's sitting -- the woman and then the woman removed prevail ", "doesn't follow its or if that's what it called it's what it's like an answer to question. What would happen  Salvador Dali  made attack commercials. It's you know you don't like the demon sheep and and love it. when labs as what we need ", "it's what it's like an answer to question. What would happen -- Salvador Dali made attack commercials. It's you know you don't like the demon sheep and and -- -- love it. -- when labs as ", "doesn't follow or if that's what of people it's like it's like an answered the question. What would happen  Salvador Dali  made attack commercials. It's you know you don't like the demon sheep and a fan I kind of love it. Stop when ", "it's like it's like an answered the question. What would happen -- Salvador Dali made attack commercials. It's you know you don't like the demon sheep and a fan I kind of love it. Stop when ", 'at 76 she is still starting the catwalk and redefining aging for women around the world. At thirteen she posed for  Salvador Dali  and fifteen she landed her first vogue cover. But most of us know Carmen for her signature cloud of snow white hair ', 'redefining aging for women around the world. At thirteen she posed for Salvador Dali and -- fifteen she landed her first vogue cover. But most of us know Carmen for her signature cloud of snow white ', 'at 76 she is still starting the catwalk and redefining aging for women around the world. At thirteen she posed for  Salvador Dali  and fifteen she landed her first vote cover. But most of us know Carmen for her signature cloud of snow white And ', 'redefining aging for women around the world. At thirteen she posed for Salvador Dali and -- fifteen she landed her first vote cover. But most of us know Carmen for her signature cloud of snow white ']