['members admitted to Mensa, the exclusive high IQ society. Now in kindergarten, Gus is already reading such books as " Charlotte \' s Web ," while his classmates work on mastering the ABCs. Dorman first noticed Gus\' advanced intelligence when he started ', 'members admitted to Mensa, the exclusive high IQ society. Now in kindergarten, Gus is already reading such books as " Charlotte \' s Web ," while his classmates work on mastering the ABCs. For fun, Gus memorizes the periodic table and a world map ', 'the 1976 bloodbath "Carrie." You know, typical kiddie fare. Dakota Fanning Jumping from the family-friendly " Charlotte \' s Web " to "Hounddog" was quite a leap for Dakota Fanning. Fanning\'s character is raped in the dark, Southern-gothic ', 'Reba to voice animated characters in the 2006 movie " Charlotte \' s Web "? A. Sarah Jessica Parker B.  Julia Roberts  C. Kyra Sedgewick D. Madeleine Stowe Play Ball Reba ', "Image Credit: CBS/AP Photo 10:13 a.m. ET ' Charlotte ' s Web ' Turns 60 Charlotte, Wilbur and the rest of the barnyard 60th birthday today . The classic children's book by  E . B .  White  was first seen in print on this date in 1952. 9 ", 'who\'ve done it in the past, she\'s in for an illustrious career: Dakota Fanning Jumping from the family-friendly " Charlotte \' s Web " to "Hounddog" was quite a leap for Dakota Fanning. Fanning\'s character gets raped in the dark, Southern-gothic ', 'organized by a celebrity wedding planner. Simpson\'s " Charlotte \' s Web "-themed shower, held Sunday in California , reportedly that the couple plan to name Maxwell. "She loved \' Charlotte \' s Web ,\'" Weiss said. "So that\'s all I had to do to ', 'the same can be said about a pig. Movies such as " Charlotte \' s Web " and "Babe" promote the idea that a pig is a sensitive thing! But I was not raised in isolation. I read " Charlotte \' s Web " and I cried for Wilbur. So, with an open mind ', '3-dimensional and it looks like it is all over the inside of the box, more of a tangled disorganized-looking web than a \' Charlotte \' s Web \' kind of web." The spiders will return to Earth when the Space Shuttle Endeavour lands at the end of its 15-day ', '3-dimensional and it looks like it is all over the inside of the box, more of a tangled disorganized-looking web than a \' Charlotte \' s Web \' kind of web." The spiders will return to Earth when the Space Shuttle Endeavour lands at the end of its 15-day ', "watched was Night at the Museum. I also took in oldies such as Breakfast at Tiffany's and family flicks such as  Charlotte ' s Web  Moreover, while Vudu's hardware is capable of supporting high-definition content, no licensed HD fare is available ", "you do see  Charlotte ' s web  and I hope watching  Charlotte ' s web . I felt bringing  EB white 's great Redford. Asks  Julia Roberts  that's do because  Charlotte ' s web  is absolutely Kleenex at  Charlotte ' s web  you can pursuit ", "If you do see Charlotte's web and I hope you do. You might want to ask senator and former tissues for Christmas. All -- -- Disclosure. You're going ", "big. Some star in Dakota Fanning radiant it's -- -- been watching Charlotte's web . I felt every frame was designed directed impacted by people who cared first and foremost about bringing EB white's great -- to life. -- -- -- -- -- -- Mix between live action and computer generated animation is seamless. Animals looked ", "and so to -- The star power here. That's Robert Redford. Asks Julia Roberts that's Oprah Winfrey. Now you so cute and gain. Equally as -- in a movie of a great looking additions make it a better film and that's tough to do because Charlotte's web is absolutely. One of the best films of the year. Man I had two questions for you. What do you do and ", 'how many times it took author  e . B .  White  to read this passage of the famous It\'s the audio book version of " charlotte \' s web ." Nobody of the hundreds of Today marks 60 years since " charlotte \' s web " was published and became a children\'s ', 'the news. 17. We learned that\'s how many times it took author e . B . White to read this passage of the famous book he wrote without crying. It\'s the audio book version of " charlotte\'s web ." Nobody of the hundreds of people that had visited the fair knew that a gray spider had played the most important part of all. No one was with her when she died. Today marks 60 years since " charlotte\'s web " was published and became a children\'s classic. And a quote in the news from someone who got quite a surprise in the ', "children's paperback of all time now in new movie  Charlotte ' s web . And reason enough to sit down with  Julia Roberts  to talk about spiders and motherhood and marriage and ", "the best selling children's paperback of all time now in new movie Charlotte's web . And -- reason enough to sit down with Julia Roberts to talk about spiders and motherhood and marriage and the words the changed her life. Yeah -- beloved childhood tale of friendship ", "Smith's pursuit of happiness and  Charlotte ' s web . Some movie. Some big. Some it's very rare bird watching  Charlotte ' s web . I felt every frame was designed first and foremost about bringing  EB white 's great to there's absolutely ", "are rising ABC's Jill Siegel reviews will Smith's pursuit of happiness and Charlotte's web . Some movie. Some big. Some star in Dakota Fanning and radiant it's very rare bird watching Charlotte's web . I felt every frame was designed directed and acted at people who cared first and foremost about bringing EB white's great -- to -- -- -- there's absolutely. One of the best films of the year. Man I got two questions for ", "World News: Northwest Storm; Rumsfeld's Legacy; Iraq's Soccer Team; Office Gifting Etiquette", "star in Dakota Fanning radiant been watching  Charlotte ' s web . I felt every frame was designed directed and who cared first and foremost about bringing  EB white 's great to life  Charlotte ' s web  is absolutely. One of the best film Man I got ", "big. Some star in Dakota Fanning radiant -- -- -- been watching Charlotte's web . I felt every frame was designed directed and acted people who cared first and foremost about bringing EB white's great -- to life Charlotte's web is absolutely. One of the best film -- Man I got two questions for you. What do you do and how do ", "can't be twelfth. The classic childhood classic  Charlotte ' s web  now after working with a string of Oscar winner she Don't think it can anchor delight we appreciate it and  Charlotte ' s web  opened the hitters on December 50.", "age of twelve carefully he can't be twelfth. The classic childhood classic Charlotte's web now after working with a string of Oscar winner she has graduated to a new kind of costar went on usually pink. ", "Don't think it can anchor -- -- delight we appreciate it and Charlotte's web opened the hitters on December 50. ", "would have. this would've it. In the new issue of people Jessica Simpson gives deet tails over Texas shower with a  Charlotte ' s web  steam. The snapped on Simpson's indulge in southern favorites fried chicken backing cheese and her favorite dessert ", "people Jessica Simpson gives deet tails over Texas -- shower with a Charlotte's web steam. The -- snapped on Simpson's indulge in southern favorites fried chicken backing cheese and her favorite dessert -- -- us among "]