['to sing for us right now so ladies and gentlemen the Philadelphia boys choir singing. holy night with choir director  Jeff Smith . Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.', 'gentlemen the Philadelphia boys choir singing. -- holy night with choir director Jeff Smith . -- -- Okay. Okay. ', "months at the supermarket David. Clinton said leading a soft and likely thanks to you want to bring in meteorologist  Jeff Smith  of WABC TV here in New York always great to see you when you saw that new report late today. We're seeing the first ", 'a soft and likely thanks to you want to bring in meteorologist Jeff Smith of WABC TV here in New York -- -- always great to see you when you saw that new report late today. ', "closed because of low visibility but decided to reopen a few hours later that's when the collisions occurred. Urologist  Jeff Smith  of WABC says it's a reminder of just how quickly conditions can change. It was really a perfect storm to cause reduced ", "to reopen a few hours later that's when the collisions occurred. Urologist Jeff Smith of WABC says it's a reminder of just how quickly conditions can change. It was really a perfect storm to cause reduced ", "likely to be running right now who can come in and really the field any wild cards. Jeb Bush. If Jeb Bush's name is  Jeff Smith  and wouldn't be right. I mean he's successful governor and twice about watched fading appeal to social got. He ", "the field any wild cards. Jeb Bush. If Jeb Bush's name is Jeff Smith and wouldn't be -- right. I mean he's successful governor and twice about watched fading appeal to social -- -- -- -- ", "don't his if you see something in it looks like exactly line in front of her own and drive to areas where water covers a broad especially if you don't object that is all right  Jeff Smith  from WABC thanks a lot for coming by. Thank you.", "covers a broad especially if you don't object that is all right Jeff Smith from WABC thanks a lot for coming by. Thank you. "]