['Morgan Stanley - Latest news, videos, and information- NBCNews.comSkip navigation', "LONDON (Reuters) - Two high-profile oil traders have left Morgan Stanley's &lt;MS.N&gt; European desk, trading sources said on Tuesday, as Wall Street banks struggle to retain talent amid increased regulator scrutiny and a decline in revenues.Full story", "NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street's most powerful banks have accelerated efforts to transform the structure and focus of their commodity trading desks to preserve their multibillion-dollar empires from tightening regulation. Full story", "NEW YORK (Reuters) - As Morgan Stanley's share price went on a headlong descent during the financial crisis in 2008, then-Chief Executive John Mack personally lobbied regulators to stop short-selling temporarily. Full story", 'TrendingUnemploymentretireesGeneral MotorsBiotechnologySouthwest AirlinesCaterpillar Inc.NBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "Morgan Stanley's Q2 may be marking a new era for the bank. CNBC's Mary Thompson reports the bank earned EPS of $0.45 ex-items on revenue of $8.3 billion. ", 'The Halftime crew takes a look at major banks including Morgan Stanley and dissects Carl Ichan\'s top trades from the "Delivering Alpha" conference including Herbalife and Netflix. CNBC\'s Seema Mody has the latest on Dell and Anthony DiClemente, Barclay...', 'Valero says surging crude is hitting the company\'s margins, and the FMHR traders debate how to trade refiners. Betsy Graseck, Morgan Stanley, provides insight on impressive bank earnings. "Rising home prices will be a tail wind to large cap banks" says...', 'Joseph Amato, Neuberger Berman Group president, discusses the difference between planned tapering and rising interest rates; and Gary Kaminsky, Morgan Stanley vice chairman, shares his thoughts on the likely tug-of-war between the Federal Reserve and b...', 'Jim Cramer explains why he is keeping a watch on PC makers after Morgan Stanley lowered estimates.', 'A street sign stands near the Morgan Stanley worldwide headquarters building in New York May 8, 2009. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson', 'A street sign stands near the Morgan Stanley worldwide headquarters building in New York May 8, 2009. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson', 'The headquarters of Morgan Stanley is seen in New York in this January 9, 2013 file photo. Morgan Stanley reported a stronger-than-expected adjusted quarterly profit as revenue grew in all of its major businesses, particularly trading and underwriting.     REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/Files   (UNITED S', 'The headquarters of Morgan Stanley is pictured in New York January 9, 2013. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton']