['Samuel Israel III, the former CEO of Bayou Group, arrives at Manhattan federal court for his sentencing, Monday, April 14, 2008, in New York. ', 'Suddenly, he was at the center of a mystery high up above the Hudson River. High noon, one bright spring day, Wall Street financier Sam Israel was gone.', 'A hedge fund, like the one Sam Israel was starting up, is like a private club for wealthy investors. It usually takes a million dollars to get in the door.', 'And the very best hedge fund managers are a high priesthood of brilliant traders. They place complex bets that can pay off handsomely, even when others are losing their shirts.', 'Randy Shain is a kind of Wall Street private eye. He runs a business that checks out hedge funds for prospective investors.', 'Dennis Murphy, Dateline correspondent: "I am a rooted person, I am of this industry." ', 'Bartiromo: He had access to some of the great investors around who believed him, trusted him, and gave him money to invest.', 'More savvy investors anted up and by 2003 he was day trading with hundreds of millions of dollars.', 'With success came reward, and some perks of an outsized, hedge fund manager lifestyle. The divorced father of two lived in this mansion outside New York City. He rented the estate from none other that Donald Trump for a cool $32,000 per month.', 'John and his wife had put aside a sizable retirement nest egg but in 2003 their money was just doggy-paddling in a ho-hum stock market.', 'As a devoted watcher of CNBC and finance gurus like Jim Cramer, Seigesmund knew that there were hedge funds out there making truckloads of money for rich investors. ', 'Murphy: So, the fund looked attractive, the amount to get in looked attractive, and this guy seemed to have a hot hand.', 'So in early 2003, five years before the mysterious events on that Hudson River Bridge, John Siegesmund was sold on Sam Israel III.', 'Denver attorney John Siegesmund had put his faith and a chunk of his money in the hands of hedge fund manager Samuel Israel III.', 'Investors got weekly updates emailed from Sam Israel, and the news was almost uniformly good.', 'Dennis Murphy, Dateline correspondent: So for a couple of years this thing is ticking along very nicely.', 'But while many new investors were pouring into Bayou based on its steady profits, Randy Shain was less than impressed by what he was learning about Sam Israel. ', 'At the time, Israel said those were fabrications from a disgruntled ex-employee and the lawsuit was later settled.', 'So it was with surprise and a little disappointment that in the summer of 2005 John Siegesmundgreeted this letter from Sam Israel III.', 'The checks were allegedly in the mail, but at this Stamford, Connecticut house-turned-office where the Bayou fund was headquartered, the phones were ringing off the hook.', 'And nor was anyone apparently home at the mansion Sam Israel had rented from Donald Trump.', 'The investor who found the suicide note immediately called 9-1-1 and the search was on for the Bayou accountant. Was he already dead, or perhaps still alive? Was anything what it seemed?', 'Investor John Siegesmund was online searching for news about Bayou, still waiting for his $250,000+ check when he read the first reports.', 'Even Wall Street investigator Randy Shain, who had suspected something was not quite right with Sam Israel, was shocked by the brazen deceit.', 'Seigesmund: This was a well-thought out, well orchestrated, long term pattern of cold blooded deceit.', 'After all that death-bed confessing, the Bayou accountant turned up alive and well.', 'In fact, police were able to reached him at home within hours of the suicide note being found. His plan to kill himself had either gone awry or had never been attempted.', 'The note, now in the hands of the FBI, read like a play book for a litany of federal crimes.', 'And soon enough, Dan Marino the accountant was cooperating with prosecutors who, like the Bayou investors, were more than a little eager to talk to Mr. Sam III.', 'Ross Intelisano, attorney: Absolutely, and the government used that as a blueprint to prosecute them.', 'Sam Israel had been lying low for weeks, but once the bad news about Bayou made headlines, his attorneys got in touch with federal prosecutors, and soon Israel turned himself in.', 'In September 2005, he pleaded guilty to 3 counts of federal investor and mail fraud. ', 'It was now up to a federal judge in New York to decide what exactly to do with him. Would it be a white-collar slap on the wrist?', 'John Siegesmund sent a letter to the judge handling the case asking her to put Sam Israel away for a very long time.', 'There were letters from a few other outraged victims that made it into the court file. But for each of those, there were several more in support of Sam Israel.', 'Friends and family, mostly connected to his high-society parents back in New Orleans, wrote to the judge begging for mercy.', 'And most of all, they uniformly agreed, Sam Israel may have lied to investors, but he was no common criminal.', 'Leading up to his sentencing, Sam Israel had been living free on bail for more than 2 years, tending to his health problems and cooperating with authorities trying to trace the missing Bayou millions.', 'So come judgment day in April 2008, he might have thought the odds for leniency looked pretty good. The judge had discretion to give him anywhere from 30 years to just a few months.', 'Lawyer Ross Intelisano, whose clients lost a combined $25 million, was in the courtroom to hear what Sam Israel had to say for himself.', 'Intelisano: Exactly, as opposed to apologizing profusely to the investors that he defrauded.', 'Seigesmund: You know, this is not to defend Sam Israel. But, I think he was a massively delusional man. ', 'By the time Sam Israel had been sentenced to 20 years in federal prison, John Seigesmund had adopted a new, Zen-like perspective on the crime.', 'Turns out, that in one concession to mercy, the judge in the case had allowed him two more months free on bail to get his affairs in order.', 'But then after a day of searching and no body, a spokesman for the New York state police was parsing his words in a rather telling way.', 'An army of accountants and lawyers were still sorting out the unresolved questions of what had really happened to the nearly $300 million investors had given Sam Israel?', 'Turns out, $100 million had been parked in an Arizona bank. Regulators there noticed suspicious transfers and traced the cash back to Bayou.', 'But some thought it was possible that Sam Israel had stashed away a sizable chunk.', 'Intelisano: Because the trading activity shows trading losses of under $100 million. And they found $100 million.', 'Mitch Hayes, campsite manger: He seemed like any other camper. Really nice guy, very personable, really easy to talk to. Nothing suspicious at all.', 'Police press conference: He turned himself in voluntarily. He was processed as a fugitive from justice by the Southwick police department and U.S. marshals were contacted. ', 'Seigesmund: It was just stupid. And I am delighted that he will serve the next 20 years in a federal prison.', 'It looks like there will be restitution for investors like John Seigesmund who lost their money with Bayou. They could get up to half of their original investment back.', 'And Sam Israel is awaiting trial on new flight charges. If convicted, he could get 10 more years added to his prison sentence.']