['so often happens, moms are left to deal with the mess. An explosion at a Japanese chemical plant this weekend has  the spectre  of a global diaper shortage. The plant in the coastal city of Himeji, operated by Nippon Shokubai Co., is one of ', 'HP Reveals Envy x2, Spectre XT TouchSmart, Envy TouchSmart Ultrabook 4 With Windows 8', 'another device against it to share a file or photo.  The Spectre  XT will cost $1,399.99. For those looking for a 14-inch touch screen, the TouchSmart is smaller than  the Spectre , but will also be available with the latest Intel processors ', 'problem in food regulation, he says, as the resources necessary to police inspections is often inadequate. Without  the spectre  of looming government inspections, many farms may not have incentive to improve their standards, Acheson says, so ', 'parole request. The judges are expected to approve his parole on Tuesday. The timing of Reiss\' release has raised  the spectre  of a secret deal between France and Iran over a prisoner exchange, which both countries have denied. "Those who know ', 'Later, he reinforced this promise, saying "we will work tirelessly to lessen the nuclear threat, and roll back  the spectre  of a warming planet." This, he said, would require Americans to make sacrifices, presumably driving less and consuming ', 'Yes, Pennsylvania, it\'s true: Chris Matthews thinks he should be your senator. The Patriot News reports the MSNBC host is "continues to talk with top Democrats about the possibility" of running for Senate in 2010 against Sen. Arlen Specter, R-Penn....', 'McCain Raises the Spectre  of a Multi-headed Reid-Pelosi-Obama Hydra Controlling Washington, DC', 'Head Winds: Palin a Hit With the Base, but Outside Pressures Leave Clouds Over RNC', 'because it\'s close to Alaska." Unless: "A spectre is haunting the liberal elites of New York and Washington --  the spectre  of a young, attractive, unapologetic conservatism, rising out of the American countryside, free of the taint (fair ', "very long a cold draught blew through And his covers blew off and his nightcap did too. 'Who are you?' he called as  the spectre  appeared. A girl in a glittering dress tugged his beard. 'Come with me, I'll show you your Christmases past When ", 'Fox News debate," rather "to debate in Nevada with another media partner." For years, Republicans have wielded  the spectre  of the "liberal media" as a rallying cry for their base. Now Democrats are attempting the same with "fair and balanced ', 'Democratic debate in Nevada since it\'s being co-hosted by Fox News Channel. For years Republicans have wielder  the spectre  of the "liberal media" as a rallying cry for their base. Now Democrats are attempting the same with "fair and balanced ']