["not live in Oregon. Earlier this week, the Smithsonian Magazine published an interview in which Simpsons creator  Matt Groening  says he named Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie's hometown after Springfield, Oregon. His comments caused ", 'Credit: Fox Broadcasting Co/AP Photo. After keeping fans in the dark for nearly 25 years, "Simpsons" creator  Matt Groening  has finally revealed the inspiration for the town where the show takes place. In an interview with Smithsonian magazine ', 'imprisonment. Famous Birthdays 1820 Susan B. Anthony 1918 Allan Arbus 1948 Art Spiegelman 1951 Jane Seymour 1954  Matt Groening  1955 Christopher McDonald 1964 Chris Farley 1970 Alex Borstein 1976 Brandon Boyd 1980 Conor Oberst 1998 Zachary Gordon ', 'cartooning school, Sturm was able to tap some of the biggest names in the cartooning business: "Simpsons" creator  Matt Groening  donated animation cells for auction. Peter Laird, co-creator of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles," contributed ', 'show feel the pressure. "We had a great template in the beginning with really strong characters," says creator  Matt Groening . "Now the struggle is to keep amusing and surprising the audience with stories and characters that they\'ve seen ', 'reality TV and dramas, according to Joe Lazslo, director of market research firm JupiterResearch. "Simpsons" creator  Matt Groening  may have to change the core of the show to keep it appetizing. "Story-arc-based shows are huge right now ', 'Griffey, Scioscia and Ozzie wound up playing for the Yankees. (But then, doesn\'t everybody?) Simpsons\' creator  Matt Groening  told Sports Illustrated when "Homer at the Bat" came out that everyone involved with the show was heavily into rotisserie ', "It is Friday. Time for a little artistic interpretation. Interesting take here -- Click here to see Mona Lisa as depicted in some other more contemporary approaches. There's a Roy Lichtenstein Mona Lisa, a  Matt Groening  version, a Jackson Pollack, you get the point.", 'the air. The writing staff keeps track of the longevity milestones, executive producer Al Jean says, but creator  Matt Groening  only cops to one record for the iconic Springfield family, its friends and neighbors. "I think we\'ve used more ', "animation historian Jerry Beck says. Ward, who died in 1989, still has many fans, including The Simpsons creator  Matt Groening , who named his central character Homer Jay Simpson in tribute. New George characters include Ursula's father ", 'powerful names in Hollywood. They include "Knocked Up" director Judd Apatow, "The Simpsons" creator and producer  Matt Groening , "Million Dollar Baby" producer Paul Haggis, and "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and "Seinfeld" producer Larry David ', '"Simpsons" creator  Matt Groening  loves to point out that his name rhymes with the word "complaining." That\'s a good match for the guy who has tapped a vein ', 'We\'re going to take on EA (Electronic Arts) at the end of the game in a big, big way I can tell you that."  Matt Groening  is supervising the artistic look, the TV series\' actors provide voices and the writers have written more than 8 ']