['(CNN) -- While half of civilization busied itself trying to find out the name, weight, gender, hair color, taste in music and political disposition of the new heir to the British throne, it turns out there was a whole world of other news happening out there.', 'A 24-year-old Norwegian woman says she was raped by a colleague in a Dubai hotel following a work party -- but after she went to police, she was convicted and sentenced to 16 months in jail on charges of having unlawful sex, making a false statement and illegal consumption of alcohol.', 'Now Dubai\'s ruler has pardoned Marte Deborah Dalelv according to Norway\'s foreign minister, who called Dalelv\'s conviction "contrary to fundamental human rights." Dalelv will be free to travel where she wants and can remain in Dubai if she chooses.', "Song Xiaomei cries on Wednesday, July 24, after her home was destroyed by an earthquake in northwest China's Gansu province. The strong, shallow earthquake and powerful aftershocks jolted the region Monday morning, killing dozens of people.", "People look at damage on July 24 from a landslide triggered by Monday's earthquake.", 'An elderly man weeps on July 24 after he hears he lost his grandson in the earthquake in Yongxing village.', 'A rescuer jumps over a creek as a team brings relief supplies for earthquake victims to Digu village on July 24.', "A man reacts after seeing his wife's shoes as rescuers search for earthquake survivors in Yongguang township, in northwest China's Gansu province, on Tuesday, July 23. ", 'A man sits beside a collapsed house in Gansu province, in northwest China, on July 23.', 'An aerial photo shows the devastation in the village of Yongguang in Gansu province. ', 'People carry a coffin July 23 during a funeral for an 84-year-old villager from Lalu who was killed in the earthquake. The death toll has risen to 94, local authorities said Tuesday. ', 'Villagers receive treatment from military medics in Yongxing, China, on July 23. Rescuers are searching for survivors in the aftermath of the quake. ', 'Military personnel work on a hillside in Yongguang in Minxian County on Monday, July 22.', 'A helicopter airdrops relief supplies above Yongguang on July 22 as villagers wait on the ground.', 'An injured woman receives treatment at a hospital in Minxian County, northwest Gansu Province, on July 22.', "A man checks out a damaged house in Hetuo township in Dingxi in China's Gansu Province on Monday, July 22.", 'Rescuers look for survivors in the ruins of a house in Hetuo township in Dingxi on July 22. Emergency services are converging on the area, including the Red Cross Society of China, which is sending 200 tents and other supplies to help those left homeless.', 'The quake leaves a wall collapsed in Hetuo township in Dingxi on July 22. Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged crews to make the rescue of survivors a priority, according to state broadcaster CCTV. ', "Two men make their way along a damaged road in Hetuo township in Dingxi on July 22. The original quake and powerful aftershocks caused roofs to collapse, cut telecommunications lines and damaged a major highway linking Gansu Province's capital of Lanzhou to the south, reports say.", 'A dog stands on the ruins of a collapsed house in Hetuo township in Dingxi on July 22.', 'Residents try to take shelter after an earthquake in downtown Dingxi on July 22.', "A shallow, powerful 5.9-magnitude earthquake tore through China's Gansu Province, killing at least 89 people and injuring hundreds more, according to state media.", 'The original quake and powerful aftershocks caused roofs to collapse, cut telecommunications lines and damaged a major highway. Emergency services have converged on the area to try to rescue survivors.', 'The European Union has joined the U.S. and Israel in designating the military wing of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization, but stopped short of putting the entire group on its terror list.', "The Bulgarians cited evidence that the military wing of the Iranian-backed Lebanese Shiite group was involved in a terror attack last year that killed five Israeli tourists and a Bulgarian bus driver. In Cyprus earlier this year, a court found a Hezbollah member guilty of assisting in the planning of an attack on Israel. Lately, its fighters have sided with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in that country's civil war.", 'The designation, which a spokeswoman for Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni called "correct and just," would freeze the assets of Hezbollah entities.', 'The wheelchair-bound Ji Zhongxing, 34, set off a homemade explosive inside a Beijing airport on Saturday after he was stopped from handing out leaflets "to get attention to his complaints" outside the arrival hall, according to Xinhua news agency.', 'Ji said on his personal blog in 2006 that he had been beaten by security guards outside a police station in 2005 after carrying a passenger on his motorcycle -- a charge the police denied. He was paralyzed after the incident and petitioned for official compensation.', 'Ji was hospitalized after he detonated his explosives. No other people were injured and flights at the airport were not affected.', 'In an exclusive opinion piece for CNN.com, "Glee" star Charice writes that her body went cold when she learned co-star Cory Monteith had been found dead from a drug overdose in his hotel room in Vancouver.', 'Charice says Monteith, who had been frank about his struggles with substance abuse in the past, was a "real talent" -- and that she has no idea what will happen to the hit American musical now that the actor is gone.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]