['D.C. United begins its playoff push at RFK Stadium on Saturday against the New England Revolution, but the club will do so without its offensive catalyst, Dwayne De ...', 'D.C. United continues a busy stretch on Wednesday night against Red Bull New York, and its recent loss at the Montreal Impact is already "forgotten," according to An...', "Major League Soccer's Disciplinary Committee announced Wednesday that D.C. United head coach Ben Olsen has been fined an undisclosed amount for publicly criticizing ...", "Real Salt Lake coach Jason Kreis was just focused on the positive, and that was what he could control over the rest of the year, despite watching the club's MLS winl...", "D.C. United heads into the Stade Saputo for Saturday's tilt with the Montreal Impact potentially having turned a corner in its push for a postseason berth.United was...", 'D.C. United bounced back from a disappointing outing on Sunday to cruise to a 4-2 victory over the Chicago Fire at RFK Stadium on Wednesday.United was held to a 1-1 ...', 'Fresh off of its U.S. Open Cup title win on Wednesday, Sporting Kansas City will welcome D.C. United to Livestrong Sporting Park on Saturday as the two sides continu...', 'Major League Soccer announced Tuesday that Philadelphia Union midfielder Michael Farfan has been added to MLS All-Star gameday roster by head coach Ben Olsen for Wed...', 'Eddie Johnson scored the match-winner in extra time as the MLS All-Stars slayed European champion Chelsea, 3-2, on Wednesday night at PPL Park.Chris Wondolowski, Chr...', "D.C. United's Ben Olsen was named coach of the MLS All-Stars on Thursday.Former Philadelphia Union coach Peter Nowak was originally named coach for the all-star game...", 'D.C. United have followed each of their last three losses with a shutout victory.Coach Ben Olsen hopes that trend continues Saturday night as his club makes its only...', 'D.C. United coach Ben Olsen will lead the MLS All-Stars against UEFA Champions League winner Chelsea on July 25.Major League Soccer made the announcement Thursday in...', 'Fans stuffed the parking lots hours before the All-Star game, tailgating and having a blast until they could rush inside PPL Park to bang drums, sing songs, and, for...', 'There has been a power shift in Major League Soccer that few could have imagined before the 2012 season.The Eastern Conference was supposed to be the weak sister, th...', "When Major League Socce r began its format of having the MLS All-Star Game feature a foreign club against a collection of the league's best players, MLS dominated th...", "The Major League Soccer All-Stars have not fared particularly well in America's summer showcase over the past few seasons.Playing English Premier League heavyweight ...", "The summer transfer window is open now and MLS teams are already getting ready for what should be one of the busier transfer seasons in recent MLS history.We aren't ..."]