["movies. AMC is planning an epic stunt for the may fourth debut of the eagerly anticipated  avengers  They're screening all five previous  marvel  films  Iron Man  movies the incredible Hulk Thor and Captain America on Thursday may third. For forty bucks ", "an epic stunt for the may fourth debut of the eagerly anticipated avengers -- They're screening all five previous marvel films -- -- Iron Man movies the incredible Hulk Thor and Captain America on Thursday may third. For forty bucks fans can see all five it -- ", "super heroes of the  avengers  smashing records and US and Canada. The  avengers  200 million comfortably man the dark night.  Spider - Man  three me. And the hunger not even close to the  avengers  I think we're looking cast of superheroes.  Iron Man . Black widow of Captain ", "Million in its first three days in the US and Canada. The avengers 200 million comfortably meets that eclipsing other super movies. That man the dark night. Spider - Man three me. And the hunger games all took in 150 million in their first three days. Respectable but not even close to the avengers I think we're looking at. By far the biggest summer ever. Avengers is. Blowing the doors open the movie has been called an ocean's eleven in spandex. And all star cast assembled to play at all star cast of superheroes. Iron Man . Black widow of Captain America floor and the incredible Hulk. This movie should really by all accounts not work these characters do not belong to in this movie isn't possible but at the box office as in this grip. Hold is more powerful than the sum of the heart. I think the avengers have written a new formula a new formula not just in casting the distribution. The movie has already opened in 52 countries ", 'frenzy. The superhero team features  Iron Man  Thor Captain America and other passion because people laugh.  Marvel Comics  panel love each line of He had success war horse out December the  avengers  is due in May 2012. And here in ', 'about making -- -- as a pre existing passion because people laugh. Marvel Comics panel love each line of He had over here -- such a plot what brings all these superheroes together. Well low key. ', 'dead at the  Marvel  Entertainment chief of  Marvel Comics  who joins beauties of the  marvel universe . I think made the  marvel universe  the most because the  marvel universe  is had a characters in the  marvel universe Adam cap  Spider - Man  who is one point  Iron Man  Tony Stark ', "Captain America is dead at the Marvel Entertainment original has been a staple of comic book -- for more than 65 years. But this morning he bleeds to death on the steps of a courthouse building -- Victim to an unseen assassin Captain America number 25 released today could that be -- collapse know what hate. To help us sort through the commercial and political blow here's joke -- of the editor in chief of Marvel Comics who joins us live in New York. And -- -- isn't so tell us what happens in this episode. Well -- you ", "theaters Prius but  marvel  studios distributed what only the  avengers  all together Dark Knight  Spider - Man  three. And Can't touch  Iron Man  the movie was action packed.  Iron Man  three is now avengers  the new  Iron Man  opened first ", "wants a hero a superhero. I've met back into theaters Prius but marvel studios distributed by our parent company Disney and -- ABC's David Wright reports tonight the formula. Just might be ironclad. Tony -- don't need stuff I got a great girl and occasionally sees the world's. -- -- -- has now accomplished what only the avengers all together have done before. Beating Harry -- last stand at the box office opening weekend. Never -- the critics the box office says it all. -- 175. Million domestic easily eclipsing other super heroes. That man the Dark Knight Spider - Man three. And the Hunger Games all respectable franchises. Can't touch Iron Man the movie was great action packed. Iron Man three is now officially the second best debut of all time bested only by the movie people called the ocean's eleven and spend it. The event. I think the avengers have written a new formula. Like the avengers the new Iron Man opened first overseas. As we discovered at a recent reporting trip to China Hollywood studios are cashing in on the enthusiasm of overseas audiences. Especially for big budget action news room. Because -- yeah. As of today the 3-D street with a Iron Man has already surpassed the worldwide total box office. -- Iron Man Iron Man two Thor and Captain America. Globally Iron Man three has already taken in more than half a billion dollars. That's -- police dark -- David Wright ABC news. ", 'of superheroes  Marvel  Entertainment comic books. But  Iron Man  in the to the incredible Hulk.  Iron Man . Who of this franchises but  marvel  is now taking McCain called the  avengers . The  avengers bad guys. In  Iron Man  and the Hulk ', "The movies this is shaping up as the summer of superheroes Marvel Entertainment company famous for its comic books. But Iron Man in the -- to the big screen films that so far raked in more than 430 million dollars at the box office. As ABC's Miguel Marquez reports marble and a man who created its characters are planning quite a noncore. The incredible Hulk. Iron Man . Who of this summer's biggest movies already hinting that horse superheroes. -- along the way. This is meet the power cord or -- -- Stan Lee the man who created the characters says spider. The X-Men or huge franchises but marvel is now taking a page from comic books like never before. -- future movies and films out now. But we did that in the comics we trip. Though is a part superheroes. We put them together at them for McCain called the avengers . The avengers and ever changing roster of superheroes. Teaming up to fight bad guys. In Iron Man and the Hulk there are scenes that hint at an eventual avenger movie fans are all ready captivated. As every fan voicestream ", "for closing night. Why because the  avengers  has just been announced as the festival's closing night film. The  marvel  superhero adventure stars Robert time super have played in TriBeCa.  Spider - Man  three played at the festival in 2007 ", "but some people already can't wait for closing night. Why because the avengers has just been announced as the festival's closing night film. The marvel superhero adventure stars Robert Downey junior Chris Evans Scarlett Johansson and Samuel L Jack that. It will be screened in lower Manhattan on Saturday April 28 it's not the first time super -- have played in TriBeCa. Spider - Man three played at the festival in 2007. ", "it. The navy featuring eighteen of  marvel  comic heroes pulled an eight point By far the biggest summer ever.  Avengers  is blowing the doors open. So what's next for the epic franchise well  Iron Man  three hits theaters and when he thirteen ", "away I think we're looking at. By far the biggest summer ever. Avengers is blowing the doors open. So what's next for the epic franchise well Iron Man three hits theaters and when he thirteen. That is the work to Captain America two and 2014. And ask for adventure sequel ", "Marvel Comics  most. Popular superhero has a new sidekick.  Iron Man . And X-Men. fantastic score by these latest sidekick find out through the story that there's. Classic  Spider - Man  has returned. Celebrity cameos are a comic book tradition ", 'Marvel Comics most. Popular superhero has a new sidekick. Iron Man . And X-Men. -- fantastic score by these latest sidekick is president elect Barack Obama since it was announced last week beginning about ', "In today's tech catching up on  Marvel Comics  the publisher which like ABC news as part of Disney. Is making more than 700 of its number one issues available online downloads ", "In today's tech -- catching up on Marvel Comics the publisher which like ABC news as part of Disney. Is making more than 700 of its number one issues available online ", 'fashionable. And  Marvel Comics  made its debut to learn that  Marvel Comics  is now the king Before the  marvel  superheroes on to create  Spider - Man . And a superhero lessons that  Marvel Comics  have managed ', "Shepard became the first American in space. The bikini became fashionable. And Marvel Comics made its debut. Now for the uninformed or those of you were reared on Flash Gordon or Archie or Superman. You may be surprised to learn that Marvel Comics is now the king of America's comic book publishers they've done it despite a lot of heavy competition. And then had to ", 'must also always beat great responsibility. And there are other lessons that Marvel Comics have managed to add into this story. Look at. I had small -- Comics and -- other books if we wanted to ', "building to building and the amazing  Spider - Man  video game. It's comic book legend Stanley 89 young man who created  Spider - Man  it's a step beyond his cameos in the  Marvel Comics  movies that the attack by tempo ", "and finally. Old guy swinging from building to building and the amazing Spider - Man video game. It's comic book legend Stanley -- 89 young man who created Spider - Man it's a step beyond his cameos in the Marvel Comics movies that the attack by tempo affair. ", "mightiest heroes have In the  avengers  it's just the 65 seconds junior's Tony Stark out of his  Iron Man  With no more special effects release on May fourth. The  avengers  seeks to provide a story crescendo battle and box office tested  marvel  characters who've been laying ", "we call ourselves -- team. Earth's mightiest heroes have -- In the avengers it's just the 65 seconds C. Robert Downey junior's Tony Stark out of his Iron Man -- With no more special effects wizbang that in nor front Ronald comer but -- -- count here. -- listen to its ", "the entire  marvel  movie universe started an  Iron Man  movies beauty of the  marvel universe  is I only him because  marvel  always had scenes and  Iron Man  I was sites universe in the  marvel universe  and shields finally in the  avengers  which I've ", "character -- agent Coulson it pretty much the linchpin in the entire marvel movie universe and you started an Iron Man movies. You want to open the Al Gore. You become a huge hit with the fans. But here's the thing I think ", "nice I'll never know I have to. If the beauty of the marvel universe is I only know what I know about -- so far. Behind -- every time I get a new script I find out something else although you're right there have been no superpowers yet. And -- am -- not a negative it's -- well -- allow -- OK let's that's all the folks out there all the waitresses and waiters and breweries is -- tickets ahead. Fairly now -- for that they know they now any actor has been a winner and is therefore pretty good if that you know I've always heard that always goes above and beyond that 50% so let me ask you that as an actor than him because marvel always had that air of mystery about it does it make a little more challenging -- as an actor we don't know what's coming up. Yes in a way. It's been really amazing journey for me because I should have to do a couple of scenes and Iron Man I was sites because I grew up loving the comic. And then they put together and an amazing cast for superhero movie. Gwyneth Paltrow on Robert Downey and Jeff Bridges and they just kind of kept expanding the role and and really. Making him as you said a really key part of explaining and expanding the shield universe in the marvel universe and shields is kind of integral part of it that's the organization that pulls all the superheroes together and it's been kind of you know like a former fan -- still a fan boys. I dream to kind of every time I get a new script I find out a little bit more about who I am man. Who shield is and culminating now finally in the avengers which I've been shooting all summer with. This incredible cast Jeremy Renner and Scarlett Johansson and mark rough below and Sam Jackson ", 'which you add that He. May or may not. Have the superpowers. Iron Man -- they fight it out I mean can you give us a little bit of a hands. You know unless you wanna ', 'but I must say  Iron Man . This is do you major action star  Marvel Comics  iron and I you cool. In in the  marvel universe  and I thought I Downey again.  Iron Man  and this the prototype.  Iron Man  that has an odd ', "years no one needs to tell you that but I must say Iron Man . This is -- do you know how big it. What we've actually just got back from kind of circuit navigating the globe and the response has been really did so in our never been -- In a big John -- movie like this it's actually kind of exciting. Isn't it I mean 43 years old you are opening up the movie major action star Marvel Comics iron and I -- you buttoned down -- playing. Cool here but come on yeah I'm pretty stoked I -- arrives at ", "summer's biggest movies  Iron Man  three live indicators We should say that  Iron Man  three is produced by  marvel  studios a division Joining us now talk about  Iron Man  three is Gladys how happened in New York  avengers . And he's having ", "with what it -- child means you're right here at last night's Iron Man three premier. We have very sheer and very sexy. She is people magazine's world's most beautiful woman. She just released a -- -- Nash is returning to the big screen and what is sure to be one of the summer's biggest movies Iron Man three live indicators may third with the Oscar winner back as a super -- longtime assistant love interest. Pepper Potts. We should say that Iron Man three is produced by marvel studios a division of our parent company Disney. I recently sat down with a busy superstar take -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- People. Hope kept him no candidate -- when it just. Consider him. Officials -- well let me run into the garage and I can't find confines him -- -- drove our. Joining us now -- talk about Iron Man three is Gladys how shall I say -- -- and -- thank you so if this is just the fourth time. You played after this is technically the fourth time because they had managers -- yes well which I was just in for a minute by yes technically well -- is near and dear to your heart LA mansion -- -- -- -- cover -- furnace much I I think she's wonderful I love playing her and and especially that's -- I had the most fun playing pepper and Iron Man three so in this one -- finally in gear up. You're in this superhero suit how is that -- I absolutely -- ", "Marvel Comics  they accident a special addition of their weekly Spiderman comic there's a long tradition of presidents making sort of cameos in the  marvel  super so is is  Marvel Comics  admitting that people who read comments are spend I don't think ", "Marvel Comics they accident a special addition of their weekly Spiderman comic and Barack Obama -- he's gonna be on the cover. And it's ", "a long tradition of presidents making sort of cameos in the -- marvel super -- so is is Marvel Comics admitting that people who read comments are -- spend I don't think they -- intentionally doing math I think that might be ", 'up I. Internationally for comic book fans everywhere  Iron Man  three is in theaters today for those of you who wanna the big one has what has move especially in view of the  Marvel Comics  the Indian what does that. That done for the industry ', 'big one has what has -- move especially in view of the Marvel Comics the Indian what does that. That done for the industry. Yet the moves have done an incredible thing for the industry. Unlike ', 'First trailer for the  avengers  movie is out and it nearly cracked Internet in half enormous screen Richmond street. That is a trailer the  avengers  hits theaters may fourth 2012 put up  marvel  studios part of Disney company as He is ABC news.', "First trailer for the avengers movie is out and it nearly cracked -- Internet in half take a look now at an extended. Clip. Of next year's ", 'turn into an enormous screen Richmond street. That is a trailer the avengers hits theaters may fourth 2012 -- -- put up -- marvel studios part of Disney company as He is ABC news. ']