["A man with a pistol, second left, and opponents of Egypt's former President Mohamed Morsy detain a suspected Morsy supporter who was wounded during clashes in Cairo, Egypt, on Monday, July 22. Supporters and opponents of Morsy's clashed Monday near Tahrir Square, leaving at least one person dead. See photos of protests that have engulfed the country.", 'Men evacuate an injured opponent of Morsy during clashes with Morsy supporters in Cairo on July 22.', 'A man fires a gun during clashes between opponents and supporters of Morsy in Cairo on July 22.', 'A riot police officer aims rubber bullets toward Morsy supporters in Cairo on July 22.', 'A Morsy supporter, center, who was allegedly beaten by opponents of Morsy runs during clashes in Cairo on July 22.', 'Supporters of Morsy pause for Friday prayers on July 19 at Nasr City in Cairo, where protesters have installed their camp and held daily rallies.', 'Morsy supporters take part in a protest march near government ministry buildings on Wednesday, July 17, in Cairo.', 'A Morsy supporter is held back by riot police during a rally near Tahrir Square on July 17.', 'A supporter of the Muslim Brotherhood and of Morsy covers his mouth under the 6th October Bridge in Cairo on Tuesday, July 16.', 'A riot police officer fires tear gas toward Morsy supporters during clashes in Cairo on Monday, July 15.', "Egyptians in Cairo's Tahrir Square pray before breaking their fast on the third day of Ramadan, the sacred holy month for Muslims, on Friday, July 12. ", 'Supporters of the deposed Morsy rally in Nasr City, Egypt, a suburb of Cairo, on Monday, July 8. ', 'A man reacts after seeing the body of a family member at the Liltaqmeen al-Sahy Hospital in Cairo, allegedly killed during a sit-in supporting Morsy in front of the Republican Guard headquarters on July 8.', 'Injured men receive medical attention after clashes between supporters of Morsy and security forces in Cairo on July 8.', 'Opponents of Mohamed Morsy gather at Tahrir Square during a protest in Cairo on Sunday, July 7.', 'Supporters of Morsy pray next to the headquarters of the Republican Guards in Cairo on Saturday, July 6, during the funeral of seven people killed during clashes. ', 'People carry coffins on July 6 of two Morsy opponents who were killed during clashes in Cairo.', 'A Morsy supporter joins protests near the University of Cairo in Giza on July 6.', "A protester is attended to in Cairo's Tahrir Square during fighting between the pro- and anti-Morsy crowds on July 5.", 'An Egyptian military helicopter hovers over supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood and deposed President Mohamed Morsy in Cairo on July 5.', "Morsy supporters hold up their bloodstained hands after Egypt's armed forces opened fire on rally in front of the Republican Guard headquarters in Cairo on July 5.", 'Morsy supporters carry a man who was shot during clashes next to the Republican Guard headquarters in Cairo on July 5. State broadcaster Nile TV said a number of those backing the deposed leader were wounded as they tried to storm the headquarters, where Morsy reportedly was being held.', 'A wounded man is helped following the gun battle outside the headquarters of the Republican Guard on July 5.', 'Egyptians hold portraits of Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi reading "Come down, Sisi" as they gather in Cairo\'s landmark Tahrir Square on July 5.', 'Morsy supporters react to an explosion during clashes with police officers on July 5 outside Cairo University in Giza.', 'Egyptian Army soldiers stand guard at the Cairo headquarters of the Republican Guard on July 5 as an Apache attack helicopter flies overhead.', 'Protesters take cover from tear gas during clashes outside the headquarters of the Republican Guard in Cairo on July 5.', "Egyptians watch fireworks in Tahrir Square on Thursday, July 4, the day after Morsy's ouster.", 'A Morsy supporter holds a poster of the deposed president during a July 4 rally in Nasr City.', 'Egyptians cheer and wave national flags as airplanes fly above Tahrir Square on July 4, leaving a trail of smoke in the colors of the national flag.', 'An opposition protester chants slogans against Morsy near Cairo University, where Muslim Brotherhood supporters gathered on July 4 to show support for the ousted president.', 'A Morsy supporter shows his bloodied shirt during a July 4 rally near the University of Cairo.', 'A young Egyptian boy shoots off fireworks during celebrations in Tahrir Square on July 4.', "Adly Mansour, center, stands after delivering a speech during his swearing-in ceremony as Egypt's interim president in the Supreme Constitutional Court in Cairo on July 4. Mansour has served as the head of the country's Supreme Constitutional Court.", 'Armored vehicles with the Egyptian army sit at a checkpoint in the Cairo district of Nasr City on July 4.', 'A Morsy supporter reacts as a military helicopter flies over during a July 4 rally in Nasr City.', 'A boy with face paint the color of the Egyptian flag pauses on July 4 in Tahrir Square.', 'A member of the Egyptian military redirects traffic on July 4 at a roadblock in Giza.', 'The Egyptian political reality has been indelibly imbued with the authority of the military, writes Hellyer', "One of Morsy's miscalculations was to assume that he had the military under his control, he says", "Editor's note: H.A. Hellyer is a non-resident fellow at the Brookings Institution and ISPU. A writer on Egyptian politics, he held senior posts at Gallup, and the University of Warwick.", '(CNN) -- Was the ousting of democratically-elected Mohamed Morsy in Egypt a coup? Answering that question is clear, but not without a very clear qualification. It is a popularly legitimate coup -- and focusing on it is now far less important than what comes next.', 'Of course, there is an argument against calling it a coup, which few seem to be considering at present. A coup is usually understood to be an action that replaces the authority of a civilian regime by a military one. If what happened in Egypt is considered to be a coup, it takes for granted that there was indeed a civilian regime that had absolute authority over the institutions of the state, and a military under complete civilian authority. That assertion in the context of the Egyptian political arena is questionable.', 'The Egyptian political reality, since 1952, has been indelibly imbued with the authority of the military establishment. When crowds took to the streets in 2011, the Egyptian military decided to sacrifice one of their own -- long-time president Hosni Mubarak. Just like all leaders of Egypt after the ousting of the king in 1952, Mubarak came from the military establishment but his continued presence was deemed to be a threat to the stability of the Egyptian state, due to popular pressure.', "The military was not overthrown in that action -- indeed, it took more of a direct role in the governance of Egypt, which it had hitherto shied away from, preferring to focus on engaging within its own spheres of activities. There are many of those, in different parts of the Egyptian economy, but the armed forces' activity in this facet of Egyptian society didn't mean they didn't have power to intervene elsewhere.", "One should keep in mind that throughout Egypt's modern history, the Egyptian military has had overwhelming public support. That continued through the military transitional governing period of 2011-2012. Even at the height of anti-military sentiment, Gallup recorded that public confidence in the institution remained well over 85%, and at some points exceeded 90%. That figure may be less now, as pro-Morsy supporters may feel resentment towards the military for having removed him from power -- but it is still likely to be at least over 80%.", 'The Egyptian military is an institution in which most Egyptian families have a relative within, owing to conscription, and the historical narrative taught in Egyptian schools is extremely positive, as is the representation of it on state media. This has never changed.', "Over the past year, Morsy and his Muslim Brotherhood movement made many mistakes, and tried to implement some truly abysmal policies that could never be considered to be in the interests of the Egyptian revolution. Indeed, his harshest critics argue that instead of reforming the 'deep state', he simply tried to use it for partisan interests. One of his most strategic miscalculations, however, was to assume that after six weeks of a military establishment, Morsy had managed to place the military under his control. Morsy never removed Field Marshal Tantawi -- the military reconstituted its leadership on its own, appointing General Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi to the helm. The military sees itself as an autonomous establishment, and never considered itself to be under Morsy's control.", "As Egypt heads toward an uncertain future, it will have to grapple with these issues against the backdrop of a civilian population that has enduring confidence in its military. The past two and a half years has brought to light some aspects of the military reality in Egypt that few were aware of before -- some relating to the human rights abuses that took place during Tantawi's governing period, and others relating to the military's economic strength within Egypt. Nevertheless, and this must be emphasized, the military continues to be supported by the overwhelming majority of Egyptian citizens.", 'As Egyptians move beyond the startling events of this week, the issues that drove them to streets in 2011 remain. No one will be able to rely on the military to undertake any action in those arenas, as the generals have no interest in being involved in governance. It is likely to regard this entire episode as an unfortunate one, as they would have preferred to remain in their barracks, and not deal with the messy business of civilian governance.', 'In the constitution passed last year by Morsy, the autonomy and preferred status of the military was thoroughly protected and it is unlikely that any political force will be able to muster enough political consensus to change that relationship. Indeed, popular opinion might even be opposed to a change in that regard, for the time being.', 'Corruption remains endemic throughout the state. Morsy never tackled it. Torture continues within the police force. the Morsy government failed to address it. The Interior Ministry in general remains unreformed. Sexual harassment and violence was never taken seriously enough in the past, and dealing with it is even more of a priority now, despite the valiant work of groups such as Operation Anti-Harassment/Assault and HarassMap. Will the new government, being assembled at present, begin to tackle those issues? Will whoever wins the presidential elections, due to be scheduled soon, tackle those issues?', 'Those issues of reform remain and they will prove to be the core test of any government that emerges throughout this transitional period.', 'Morsy failed to fulfill the demands of the January 25th revolution, and lost his popular legitimacy with the people of Egypt. The new Egyptian authorities have an opportunity to learn from those mistakes and act accordingly. Will the military be an aid to the fulfillment of those demands, and the production of a pluralistic, genuine democracy? Time will tell.', 'Egyptian satirist Bassem Youssef warns against the "victory high\' some feel after Morsy\'s ouster.', "Egyptians are split over Morsy's ouster. Where some see cause to celebrate, supporters of the former president see a coup plot.", "CNN's Karl Penhaul talks to the parents of a photographer who documented his own death while covering clashes in Cairo. ", 'Voices from both side of the Egyptian crisis share their feelings during a week of political turmoil and violence.', "CNN's Ben Wedeman says Egypt's ousted Mohamed Morsy paid the price for failing to meet the raised expectations of his people. His replacements face the same challenge. ", 'Experts weigh in on how the recent coup in Egypt will impact both the nation and the rest of the region. ', 'Gang rape is an often overlooked aspect of the Egyptian revolution, writes Nina Burleigh. ', "Street protests lead to the end of Egypt's first democratically elected president.", 'Egyptians who campaigned to end the Morsy presidency explain why they protested. ']