['Elton John: "Mars ain\'t the kind of place to raise your kids." Rick Remender, 39, a writer and artist of the " X - Force ," \'\'Punisher" and "Fear Agent" comic books, first heard the "War of the Worlds" broadcast when he was in elementary ', "server. Because mass injection can be automated, such attacks have become a staple of the cyberunderground. IBM's  X - Force  security division monitored and blocked fewer than 10,000 such attacks per month in early 2008. By mid-2009 it blocked ", 'can think of to get you to click on bad links. IBM\'s  X - Force  security research team has tracked a 508% leap in new turning up in your search results can snare you, says  X - Force  director Kris Lamb. "There is no such thing as safe browsing ', 'in years past.) "That is a huge, precipitous decline in the amount of phishing," said Kris Lamb, director of the  X - Force  research team in IBM\'s Internet Security Systems division, which did the report. But "I wouldn\'t tell anybody that ', 'released just today by IBM Internet Security System\'s  X - Force  (note to self: rename bowling team "The  X - Force ") suggests Conficker\'s presence in the U.S ', 'networks increased 30% over the past four months, to more than 2.5 billion attempted incursions worldwide. "Those are very scary numbers," said Gunter Ollmann, chief security researcher for IBM\'s  X - Force  security services team.', 'being exploited through several Chinese hacker websites," ISS wrote in its advisory on the flaw. "All of the samples  X - Force  has seen target the vulnerability disclosed in this Advisory." In a note on its Web site, Symantec said that it was ', 'a phase where one or two smart guys are attacking a few dozen major websites," says David Dewey, manager of IBM\'s  X - Force  security division. "In the next few weeks I would expect to see copycats attacking hundreds of high-profile websites ', 'a phase where one or two smart guys are attacking a few dozen major websites," says David Dewey, manager of IBM\'s  X - Force  security division. "In the next few weeks I would expect to see copycats attacking hundreds of high-profile websites ', 'the year. So far this year, its  X - Force  research and development team has sophisticated malware agent. "The  X - Force  security statistics report for 2006 said Kris Lamb, director of  X - Force . "This directly correlates to the ', "should make a big difference as more dangerous VOIP threats are created, he said. Tom Cross, a researcher with the  X - Force  team at IBM's ISS division, agreed that Skype is in some sense becoming a victim of its own success with the recent "]