['Simon James/Getty Images)  Elton John  is suffering from appendicitis in early September 2013." Meet  Elton John \'s new baby! John, 66, fell Grammy winner and his husband,  David Furnish , have a lot on their plates ', "star, 34, and his girlfriend of two years, model Renee Puente, 26, are engaged. Morrison's friends  Elton John  and  David Furnish  announced the happy news at the White Tie and Tiara Ball in London, to which Puente arrived wearing her new ", "seven other music feuds.  Elton John  vs. Madonna The feud between  Elton John  and Madonna stretches back lip-synching on stage, his partner  David Furnish  has dissed her on Facebook war of epic proportions.  Elton John  also complained about Madonna's ", "(Hello! Magazine) Say hello to  Elton John 's newest tiny dancer.  Elton John  and  David Furnish  shared photos with People magazine of their new baby boy, Elijah Joseph Daniel Furnish-John ", 'to that and realizing that Faith really needs her to be her big sister."  Elton John  and  David Furnish  Legendary musician  Elton John , 65, and his partner  David Furnish , 50, became fathers to their second child, Elijah Joseph Daniel Furnish-John ', 'rivals: Madonna vs.  Elton John  After feuding off and few years, in August,  Elton John  made perhaps his harshest John and his partner  David Furnish  publicly dissed Madonna tight-lipped about her feud with  Elton John , but not so with Lady ', "night, it looks like Madonna doesn't hold a grudge against  Elton John  for those critical things he said about her on Australian didn't have a chance of winning; afterwards, his partner  David Furnish  publicly trashed Madonna and complained about the win. At ", 'Latest case in point:  Elton John  and Madonna . After John and his partner  David Furnish  publicly dissed Madonna about her feud with  Elton John , but not so with Lady of epic proportions.  Elton John  also complained about ', 'Elton John  has been feuding with Madonna on and off for the last few years, but Zachary. At the Golden Globes earlier this year, Elton and his partner  David Furnish  publicly dissed Madonna after she beat Elton for the Best Original Song ', 'Olafson. "How can anyone criticize her?" Synesious\'s agency, the largest one in the country, helped  David Furnish  and  Elton John  become parents. "What is remarkable is the two sets of triplets and a set of twins," she said. "Usually ', 'of the Center for Surrogate Parenting , the largest such organization in the United States, which helped  David Furnish  and  Elton John  become parents. "I cannot imagine in my wildest dreams why anyone has a psychological reason for doing this ', 'American occasion."  Elton John  is good friends with personal loss is making  Elton John  even more vocal during man, John and partner  David Furnish  are already raising their John said. One location  Elton John  or Zachary won\'t be ', "Madonna and  Elton John  at the Golden Globes. Madonna and  Elton John  are making nice. After the material girl said she thought he had locked down), John's husband,  David Furnish , slammed her online. Now everyone's calmed down ", "Sir  Elton John  has won numerous music Elton and his partner  David Furnish  life's greatest reward Imagine having said  Elton John  sing you a lullaby. A has conquered Broadway  Elton John  them if it. Hollywood ", "Sir Elton John has won numerous music awards -- Tony and Oscar. But for Elton and his partner David Furnish life's greatest reward is their four month old baby boy named Zachary. Barbara Walters sat down with sir Elton and David for an exclusive interview in which they talk about the dramatic events that made them proud fathers Barbara. Imagine having said Elton John sing you a lullaby. A baby exactly has that treat every day. Elton and David have a baby boy born with the ", 'Elton John ,  David Furnish  want their son to recognize the value of hard work.', "ended. In one corner  Elton John  in the other Madonna none shine brighter than  Elton John  and Modano. But when moments later his husband  David Furnish  took to FaceBook saying it's and when asked  Elton John  might react to her victory ", "first. But sir Hilton's face said -- all moments later his husband David Furnish took to FaceBook saying Madonna -- best song. The lead off. -- went on dad that quote Madonna winning best original song truly shows how these awards have nothing to do with merit. Her acceptance speech was embarrassing in it's -- and when asked Elton John might react to her victory. Madonna had this to say haven't I hope he speaks to me for the next -- years. ", 'Elton John  has already now is about to become McCain Chris Connelly. This Sunday rocket man  Elton John  will move from playing the piano. To thirteen month old son Zachary with partner  David Furnish  to be getting into the big game are you ', 'his own blue -- gravy thirteen month old son Zachary with partner David Furnish to be getting into the big game are you raising your. Son to be a football fan I hope so you have ', "Let's talk about  Elton John  L John and his partner  David Furnish  welcoming a new baby into are so the baby news getting have. Baby in the family little baby voicing concern  Elton John  Snow fashion taste He can't wait to see you compose ", "Let's talk about Elton John L John and his partner David Furnish welcoming a new baby into are -- so -- the baby news -- getting this morning a nipple. The baby boy was ", "Elton John  when so many grammys of course a Tony an Oscar. But this is the biggest it's a special Barbara exclusive tonight on twenty money. With  Elton John David Furnish  and baby Zachary and I have to mention John's going to be at the ", "it's a special Barbara -- exclusive tonight on twenty -- money. With Elton John David Furnish and baby Zachary and I have to mention -- John's going to be at the wedding. -- has been invited to the "]