["And being an actor first thirty some odd years that the big. Part of the process and and they say you know. I mean  Alexander Payne  and descendants is like that's the single most essential piece of the puzzle on the fighting those kids look. We ", "of the process and -- and they say you know. I mean Alexander Payne and -- descendants is like that's the single most essential piece of the puzzle on the fighting those kids look. We did ", "ever had. And it's the best worked on the basket but work. Who's out there. Do stuff that you really like In.  Alexander Payne  everything. he loved that beginners. we wanted. Woody Allen is teaching me. there's that didn't mean all ", "work. Who's out there. Do stuff that you really like -- In. Alexander Payne everything. -- he loved that -- beginners. -- we wanted. Woody Allen is teaching me. -- there's that didn't mean all. Thank ", "Says that it boasted. Don't do it here. The defendant this  Alexander Payne  yeah it's good to see him directly to you couldn't it is it's been like what's six year stuffed inside. Now you had I ", "it boasted. -- -- Don't -- do it here. The defendant this Alexander Payne yeah it's good to see him directly to you couldn't it is it's been like what's six year stuffed inside. -- -- ", "encompassing definition it's crazy I don't I don't know would be entire experience of filming in Hawaii with  Alexander Payne  vertically. And it's a complicated emotional story you've played your friend's father George Clooney plays ", "I don't know would be entire experience of filming in Hawaii with Alexander Payne vertically. And it's a complicated emotional story you've played your friend's father George Clooney plays a husband kind of distracted father. Whose ", "says says that since. Posted. Don't ever do that to me. New nick was impressed that Oscar nominated director  Alexander Payne . The force behind such films sideways and election the actors to dictate parts of the story. He was Really awesome ", 'to me. New -- nick -- was impressed that Oscar nominated director Alexander Payne . The force behind such films -- sideways and election -- the actors to dictate parts of the story. He was -- Really ', "nobody has big stars yeah George Clooney and I think that film will get its award in the adapted screenplay category  Alexander Payne  but I think the artists. Time it's unique movie a movie like this doesn't come around too often you like I did ", "that film will get its award in the adapted screenplay category -- Alexander Payne but I think the artists. Time it's unique movie a movie like this doesn't come around too often -- you like I ", "George Clooney vs. George Clooney at Golden Globes: Star Discusses 'Descendants,' 'Ides of March'", "that's fun. We even get laughs out of it Lisa gotta go why issued so wasn't so bad. If it's by director name  Alexander Payne  who's done four films up until then and he's everyone really really really great sideways in about Schmidt. A ", "so wasn't so bad. -- -- -- If it's by director name Alexander Payne who's done four films up until then and he's everyone really -- really really great sideways in about Schmidt. A collection of ", 'for a separation. For adapted screenplay we have.  Alexander Payne . Nat Faxon and for the descendants. John Logan for Rachel and Brad Pitt producers. The descendants Jim  Alexander Payne  and Jim Taylor producers. The tree of life nominees ', 'And -- Arafat -- for a separation. For adapted screenplay we have. Alexander Payne . Nat Faxon and -- -- for the descendants. John Logan for you go. George Clooney and grant has club and bowl will ', 'Deluca Rachel -- -- and Brad Pitt producers. The descendants Jim -- Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor producers. The tree of life nominees to be determined. Midnight in Paris ready Aronson and Stephen -- and -- ', 'Michael Deluca Rachel vets and Brad Pitt producers way to save money. Is to waste senator the descendants Jim Burke  Alexander Payne  and Jim Taylor producers. family try to make ends meet. The tree of life nominees to be determined it makes no sense ', 'to save money. Is to waste -- senator the descendants Jim Burke Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor producers. -- family try to make ends meet. The tree of life nominees to be determined it makes no ', "that stuff I was working with Bill Johnston the writer. To get this thing going and He and I. Got it set up with  Alexander Payne  got it then the guy and then got Miguel. So when. This is something that you know it's not that hang over scale ", "this thing going and He and I. Got it set up with Alexander Payne got it then the guy and then got Miguel. -- -- -- So when. This is something that you know it's not ", "Altman you had a chance to work with him so how his genius different. Than David's or different than. In house  Alexander Payne . It's first of tragic we know he's one of the great men. And husbands and fathers and friends as well as a filmmaker ", "his genius different. Than David's or different than. In house -- -- Alexander Payne . It's first of -- tragic -- -- we -- know he's one of the great men. And husbands and fathers and friends "]