['Jessica Lange, Nicolas Cage and, most recently, Meryl Streep in "Hope Springs." She is married to film director  Davis Guggenheim , who won an Oscar for "Inconvenient Truth," and they have three children. Christopher Lloyd Rising to prominence ', 'his environmental work, for which he won a Nobel Peace Prize. His film "An Inconvenient Truth," directed by  Davis Guggenheim , won an Academy Award. Keadle, who has listed her occupation on donation forms as biochemist, is actively involved ', 'first two public re-election rallies on Saturday in Ohio and Virginia, the campaign says. Tracking closely to the  Davis Guggenheim -produced documentary "The Road We\'ve Traveled," the spot opens with a refresher on the seriousness of the ', "who produced it, that's precisely the point. The 17-minute film, crafted by Academy Award-winning director  Davis Guggenheim , reprises with dramatic flourishes the highlights of Obama's domestic and foreign policy agenda, particularly ", "film, crafted by Academy Award-winning director  Davis Guggenheim , reprises with dramatic flourishes the highlights aspects of the administration, producer/director  Davis Guggenheim  told ABC News that the audience doesn't expect ", "Campaign Capitalizes on GOP Disarray: ABC's Jake Tapper screened an exclusive clip from the Obama campaign's new  Davis Guggenheim  film. The clip focuses on President Obama's personal mission to pass the health care reform law earlier in his ", 'I hope that\'s the call I would have made.\'" The documentary, which is directed by Academy Award winner  Davis Guggenheim  and narrated by actor Tom Hanks, was produced by Obama\'s re-election campaign in an attempt to shape the national ', 'strides we\'ve made together," Obama campaign manager Jim Messina told reporters Wednesday. Academy Award-winner  Davis Guggenheim  directed the film. His work includes "An Inconvenient Truth" and "Waiting for Superman." Guggenheim also produced ', 'meet with the five students featured in the movie "Waiting for Superman" in the Oval Office along with director  Davis Guggenheim . In the afternoon, the President will travel to Miami, Florida to raise money for the Democratic Party, the ', "'Waiting for Superman' Director and Students to Meet with President Obama Monday", 'President Obama is scheduled to meet Monday with  Davis Guggenheim , the director of the new documentary "Waiting for Superman," and the five students featured in the film. The film is quite ', "They're gonna focus on the tax plan and around and as you saw in their seventeen minute documentary produced by  Davis Guggenheim . They're at and narrated by Tom Hanks they're gonna focus on. Where were when President Obama took office it's ", "-- and as you saw in their seventeen minute documentary produced by Davis Guggenheim . They're -- at and narrated by Tom Hanks they're gonna focus on. Where were -- when President Obama took office it's not ", 'which is one which is which is street which is forward design. We start. The film is directed by documentarian.  Davis Guggenheim  who won an Oscar for the about Al Gore in climate change and inconvenient truth. The inconvenient truth or President ', 'which is forward design. We start. The film is directed by documentarian. Davis Guggenheim who won an Oscar for the -- about Al Gore in climate change and inconvenient truth. The inconvenient truth or President Obama ', 'Mitt Romney. According to the latest poll from Washington Post ABC news the campaign campaign movie from filmmaker  Davis Guggenheim  that there unveiling tonight here will help out. I want to do think about about. All across this country for a ', 'Washington Post ABC news the campaign -- -- campaign movie from filmmaker Davis Guggenheim that there unveiling tonight here will help out. I want to do think about about. All across this country for a look ', "email person you can call and say how to help in my city change in effect in. I'm are great public schools cocaine  Davis Guggenheim  the film opens this Friday in new York and Los Angeles we want to continue the conversation our website as well you ", "my city change in effect in. I'm are great public schools cocaine Davis Guggenheim the film opens this Friday in new York and Los Angeles we want to continue the conversation our website as well you ", 'kids are getting a really crappy education right now Blunt style captured the attention of Oscar winning filmmaker  Davis Guggenheim  who feature her in his documentary waiting for Superman. This move was a wakeup call torch saying we have to change ', 'right now -- Blunt style captured the attention of Oscar winning filmmaker Davis Guggenheim who feature her in his documentary waiting for Superman. This move was a wakeup call torch -- saying we have to change ', "And which film will win. This is one year you won't have to a to find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that  Davis Guggenheim  is an inconvenient truth. Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with ", "a -- to find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that Davis Guggenheim is an inconvenient truth. Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with the Oscar for best ", "Growth and the united. This is one year you won't have to a to find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that  Davis Guggenheim  is an inconvenient truth. Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with ", "a -- to find out if Al Gore won everyone predicts that Davis Guggenheim is an inconvenient truth. Which package Gore's lecture on global warming for mass audience will walk away with the Oscar for best "]