['HODA KOTB reporting: (Voiceover) To all appearances she is just another 30-something mother of teenage children, not the starring figure in what has become a tale of love, lust and murder known around the world. And this woman, gone for years and thought by many to be gone forever, has now returned to these streets she left a decade ago; and therein lies a story.', '(Sharee Miller; photo of Sharee and Bruce Miller; crime scene photos; buildings; Sharee)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Sharee thought Bruce would soon finish with the customer, pick up dinner and head home, but that customer would be his last.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) And then the 911 call. Another family member had come upon the scene.', '(Salvage yard office; photo of Bruce; crime scene photos; photos of wrecked vehicles; photo of steering wheel; salvage yard office; photo of Sharee and Bruce)', '(Photos of Bruce and Sharee; photo of Bruce, Sharee and children; photo of Sharee; salvage yard; police vehicle)', '(Road; police vehicle; John Hutchinson; vehicle windshield; headlights in car window; salvage yard at night)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) But as the months passed, without a murder weapon or some physical evidence linking Hutchinson to the crime detectives could not make an arrest. Then something happened that would break the case wide open. Not in Michigan, but outside Kansas City, Missouri, more than 600 miles from Flint in the small town of Odessa. Here there was more wreckage of a life once lived and now snuffed out violently. In this house they found a body in an easy chair, an open Bible in its lap, and not far from the body a briefcase. And what was inside the briefcase in Missouri would change everything in the Bruce Miller murder investigation in Flint, Michigan.', '(Police vehicles; highway sign; chain link fence; trees; Kansas City, Missouri; Odessa city sign; police vehicle with sirens; house; crime scene photos; briefcase and contents; house at night; vehicle headlights turned off)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Coming up, unlocking the briefcase also unlocks secrets from beyond the grave...', '(Crime scene photo; ID card for Jerry Cassaday; briefcase and contents; photo of Cassaday; photo of Sharee)', 'Mr. PLUMMER: If you just look at her history, turnover was fairly frequent, not a job that most people would want to sign up for.', '(E-mails; computer screen; instant messenger logo; computer screen; photos of Sharee; screen names on computer screen)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Prosecutors charged Sharee Miller with murder and conspiracy in connection with the death of her husband, Bruce.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) But to prosecutors, it looked like a classic black widow case, Sharee Miller at the very center of a tangled web linking these two dead men.', 'Ms. PLUMMER: She had him. He was hers, bought and sold. I mean, she could pull the trigger herself and run the risk of getting found out. But aside from herself, she had no more control over anybody in this universe than Jerry Cassaday.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) They were headed for trial where more secrets of the briefcase would come spilling out. Coming up, a plot to murder with a script typed right into the computer.', '(Vehicles in salvage yard; crime scene photos; photo of Cassaday; crime scene photos; typed document; photo of Sharee; photo of Sharee and crime scene photos flashing; briefcase; briefcase opened; computer messages, photo of sonogram, CD; photo of Sharee pregnant; computer screen; typed document)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) None of it was true, prosecutors said. And when Sharee Miller went on trial for murder in December 2000, they told jurors it was all a clever, dastardly plot to convince Cassaday to kill her husband. And the Internet, they claimed, was her tool of choice.', '(Court in session; photo of Cassaday; crime scene photos; computer screen; computer keyboard; computer screen; photo of Sharee)', '(Voiceover) ...the ability to constantly pick at that through instant messages and e-mails.', '(Salvage yard; vehicle headlights shut off; photo of Sharee pregnant; photo of Cassaday; photo of Sharee)', 'KOTB: The sonogram, the lies, the pictures of the bruised torso, all of this was to draw him into her scheme?', '(Court in session; briefcase; computer screen; instant messages on computer screen; court in session)', 'Mr. PLUMMER: I think in some regards the instant message was the big gotcha because how often do you have a transcript of a conspiracy to murder?', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) And prosecutors argued the actual murder took place almost as it was scripted in that instant message, that on November 8th, 1999, Jerry Cassaday drove from Missouri to Michigan and met Sharee and that she gave him her cell phone as a means to communicate. The state claimed Sharee then called him on that cell phone at about 6:15 that evening.', '(Computer screen, instant message on computer screen; vehicles on roadway at night; salvage yard at night; vehicle headlights)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Prosecutors claimed Sharee then called up her husband and, while Jerry Cassaday approached, kept Bruce on the phone.', '(Rain on vehicle window; vehicle headlights turned off; dark screen; salvage yard office; clock; crime scene photo)', 'KOTB: And after the murder? The e-mails and instant messages slowed, then stopped. And a month later Sharee Miller had a new boyfriend. But if who did it was no longer a mystery to prosecutors, the question remained, why would she want her husband dead?', 'Ms. MABRY: Only Sharee Miller knows what her motive is, but you might want to consider the fact she enjoyed taking everything up a notch and the lies and the sonograms and the pictures and the tapes and all the lies about beatings and deaths and whatnot, is that maybe, just maybe, she enjoyed it.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) How could Sharee Miller possibly explain away what seemed like damning evidence? She was about to mount a vigorous defense and take the stand herself. Coming up...', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) ...was this passionate Internet romance really what it seemed?', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) In December 2000, Sharee Miller was on trial for murdering her husband, Bruce, charges that could put her in prison for life.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) But before that could happen, defense attorney David Nikola had his work cut out for him.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) First he had to counter the image hung on his client by prosecutors, who painted Miller as a black widow, willing to use casual sex and cruel mind games to convince a former police officer named Jerry Cassaday to kill her own husband.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Sharee Miller took the stand and testified that, despite her affair with Jerry Cassaday, she loved her husband and would never have killed him. She explained that she and Bruce had an unorthodox sex life, that they had often surfed the Internet to spice things up in the bedroom.', 'KOTB: What kind of a relationship did you and Bruce have? What sort of a marriage was it?', 'KOTB: Some people might, just by looking at the e-mails, think, those are two people in love.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) And the talk included lies, Sharee admitted. Remember the ultrasound photo she sent claiming she was pregnant twice? She says Jerry had been depressed, and she had the notion that a child would give him something to live for.', '(Photo of bruised torso; photo of Cassaday; photo of Sharee; photos of Sharee and Bruce; photo of Cassaday; salvage yard at night; photo of Cassaday)', '(Voiceover) One co-worker testified Jerry Cassaday told her he would kill himself, and Sharee would pay for it. And he pulled it off, the defense argued, by faking that smoking gun, those instant messages in which prosecutors claimed the two had been caught conspiring to commit murder. An official from America Online was forced to admit it was possible.', '(Court in session; computer screen; instant messages on computer; man on witness stand)', '(Court in session; instant message on computer screen; photo of Bruce; vehicle; water)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) John Hutchinson, the man police focused on at the beginning of the investigation, a former salvage yard employee already suspected in a scheme to switch vehicle identification numbers, a man who owed Bruce Miller money, a man a polygraph operator said had not told the entire truth. And, incredibly, the most damaging witness pointing to John Hutchinson? His own brother who testified that John threatened to dispose of Bruce Miller.', '(Photo of Hutchinson; vehicles in salvage yard, vehicle windshield; photo of Sharee and Bruce; typed document; arrest photo and record of Hutchinson;', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Finally, the defense reached its climax when it called John Hutchinson to the stand.', 'Mr. NIKOLA: (In court) Do you remember telling the police you did not leave the rest of the night?', 'Mr. HUTCHINSON: No. There was only one person that had anything to gain out of the whole situation.', 'Judge: (In court) We are ready, I believe, now for final arguments. Is that correct?', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Jurors would soon have a decision to make. Did Sharee Miller enlist her lover to kill her husband, or, as the defense claimed, was the murder committed by another man?', '(Court in session; arrest photo of Sharee; vehicle on road; photo of Cassaday; arrest photo of Hutchinson)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Coming up, who would the jury believe? Dramatic moments behind closed doors.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) In fact, the jury was split from the beginning. The vote was seven-to-five. At the heart of the debate, those instant messages prosecutors said were a virtual transcript of Sharee and Jerry planning to commit murder.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Some jurors believe that Jerry Cassaday may have fabricated the computer messages.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) And what about John Hutchinson, the man defense attorneys said was the real killer? Jurors asked to review the testimony of his brother Harold, who said this.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) But others felt just as strongly that prosecutors had made their case against Sharee Miller, that her claims about those computer communications being some kind of fantasy were a lie. The two had, after all, slept together on several occasions.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) As day two of deliberations dawned, jurors told the judge they could not reach a verdict.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) But the judge asked the jury to keep working. And somehow, after 17 hours of deliberation, the deadlock was broken.', 'Judge: (In court) Members of the jury, have you agreed upon a verdict, and if so, who will speak for you?', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Just three days before Christmas 2000, the jury was back with a verdict.', '(Sharee in court; people in court room; Sharee led from court room; briefcase; photo of Sharee; instant message on computer screen; rain on vehicle window; car headlights)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) And a month later Sharee Miller was sentenced to life in prison without parole.', 'Ms. MILLER: (Voiceover) I will fight this for the rest of my life, if I have to.', '(Arrest photo of Sharee; Nikola in court; Mabry in court; court building; judge banging gavel down; empty jury chairs; typed document)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Sharee Miller was released from prison, but her newfound freedom was not welcome news to the family of Bruce Miller.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) Judge for yourself. An exclusive interview with the newly released Sharee Miller is on the way. Coming up...', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) It was a twist to the story that perhaps only Sharee Miller and her lawyers saw coming. In July 2009, after more than a decade behind bars, Sharee was a free woman. And shortly after her release, Sharee, now 38 years old, strikingly different in dress and demeanor, sat down with DATELINE for an exclusive interview.', 'Ms. MILLER: I literally walked out with the clothes on my back and my Bible in my hand. It was the best feeling. I will never take anything for granted for the rest of my life. Nothing.', 'KOTB: Tell me about the moment when you first saw your kids as a free woman, a woman out of prison. What was that like?', 'Ms. MILLER: When I got to the end of the book, it broke me. It broke me what people thought of me.', 'Ms. MILLER: I wanted to come home. I wanted to come home right. So I stayed focused.', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) But incredibly, as soon as Miller was released from state prison in July 2009, her murder conviction overturned, she found herself in shackles again. Authorities rearrested her, again charged her with murdering her husband, Bruce. She spent nearly two weeks in the county jail before she was released on bond. Prosecutor David Leyton:', 'Mr. LEYTON: If I win there, the conviction is reinstated, Ms. Miller has to go back to prison. If I lose there, I can still appeal it to the full US Circuit Court of Appeals and even to the United States Supreme Court if necessary. If I lose all of that, I can still retry her. So this really gives me two bites at the apple.', '(Court in session; typed document; photo of Cassaday; photo of Sharee and Bruce)', 'KOTB: (Voiceover) But until a new judge or a new jury makes that decision, Sharee Miller is out, admitting her faults, her extramarital affairs, working, she says, to do better; working on an autobiography and writing an ending of her own to this strange, sad story.']