['"It\'s a Wonderful Life" has come to life in Bemidji, Minn., with a hero as public-spirited as the George Bailey of the Capra classic movie. Grocery mogul Joe Lueken, 70, literally is giving away the store, to his 400 employees. After 46 years running Lueken\'s Village Foods , he and his family will', "presented me with a black-and- white framed print of Jefferson Smith, the character played by Jimmy Stewart in the  Frank Capra  film Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. It hung on my office wall in the governor's office in Juneau, and it hangs on ", 'It\'s a movie that speaks to the moment," he said. "When I was watching it, I thought of when people watch  Frank Capra  movies to see what life was like during the depression. Well this is a film for now, during this moment of financial ', "and call this delusional -- but when all the facts come out you, will see that I'm right. This is a modern-day  Frank Capra  story. You remember those old movies? Those black and white movies with Jimmy Stewart and Gary Cooper? The guy who ", 'New Direction for Anti-Terrorism" LINK "Plane Crash Survival: Planning Is Key" LINK "Blago: My Life Is Like a  Frank Capra  Movie" LINK 2009: PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: ABC News\' Jake Tapper: "Obama to Grant States Waiver to Implement Stricter Clean Air Laws ', 'Goes to Washington" movie plot , saying he\'s the good guy who\'s fighting for the people. "This is a 21st century  Frank Capra  movie," Blagojevich said. "How the good guy was up against the establishment and yet they tried to make him look ', 'bringing back the original Coke." All the anger turned to gratitude, and it worked out perfectly. It was like a  Frank Capra  script. Q: Another cause of failure is inflexibility. But the opposite of inflexibility is wishy-washy, right ', 'bringing back the original Coke." All the anger turned to gratitude, and it worked out perfectly. It was like a  Frank Capra  script. Q: Another cause of failure is inflexibility. But the opposite of inflexibility is wishy-washy, right? Mustn\'t ', 'The Note, 1/6/09: Business Unusual -- Democrats Convene Congress with Touch of Hubris', "Success was elusive Walk along the streets of Wilmington's historic downtown and the storefront names seem lifted from a  Frank Capra  film. Smith's Barber Shop, First National Bank, A&A Insurance, Granny's Country Cupboard. This is small-town ", 'Mad Money." Recently, Cramer has compared the quiet, unassuming Hermance to the George Bailey character in the  Frank Capra  classic "It\'s a Wonderful Life." Hermance said he\'s just focused -- slow and steady wins the race. "Let everybody ', 'documentaries ever shown on television. Four of them, called "The Wonders of Life" were produced by  Frank Capra  (yeah, that  Frank Capra ). The series, still with the same host, was then retitled the Bell Science Series for at least two ', 'Birdcage with Robin Williams and Nathan Lane; Oliver Stone\'s Any Given Sunday with Al Pacino and Jamie Foxx; and  Frank Capra \'s 1959 comedy A Hole in the Head, starring Frank Sinatra. "The Cardozo is also Ben Stiller\'s hotel in the raunchy ', "know is there are certain ethic because I want to get in Absolutely one of my favorite stories is about the director  Frank Capra  who was sort of struggling. With tiny it happened one night into a movie holed up in two. He he is it's me like ", 'in -- Absolutely one of my favorite stories is about the director Frank Capra who was sort of struggling. With tiny it happened one night into a movie -- holed up in two. He he is ', 'treated like a tourist. I guess this is just another loss cost. Not since mr. Smith came to Washington in that old  Frank Capra  film. As an idealistic senator appointed by a corrupt party boss been so welcome capital. But at least mr. Smith ', 'loss cost. Not since mr. Smith came to Washington in that old Frank Capra film. As an idealistic senator appointed by a corrupt party boss been so -- welcome -- capital. But at least mr. Smith ', "you can laugh at call this delusional. Well and all the facts come on you'll see them right this is a modern day  Frank Capra  story remember those old movies. The guy who was siding with the little and I myself as Jimmy Stewart and Gary Cooper ", "facts come on you'll see them right this is a modern day Frank Capra story remember those old movies. The guy who was siding with the little -- and I -- myself as Jimmy Stewart and "]