['It also opened with a dynamic fight scene: Captain America battling a dozen assailants in a glass elevator. Other highlights included the introduction of the "Guardians of the Galaxy" cast and a peek at " Avengers : Age of Ultron."', 'producer, says fans looking for clues to the new " The Avengers " sequel should not miss the "Captain America World\', is connected and the linchpin between \' Avengers \' 1 and \' Avengers \' 2," he said. "The events of \' Avengers \' play ', 'television series. Fury oversees the global security spy agency in Marvel\'s cinematic universe, including "Marvel\'s  The Avengers ." But so far he hasn\'t been contacted about the show, which stars Clark Gregg as Agent Coulson and debuts on ABC ', "destination for film and television companies, not to mention marketers of apparel and other products, too. Attendees can wear  Avengers  perfume while walking in Converse high-tops that have the Joker or Batman on the sides. They're buying glass tumblers ", 'driving the publishing industry and setting social media afire. Whedon, the writer-director-producer of "Marvel\'s  The Avengers ," \'\'Marvel\'s Agents of SHIELD," \'\'Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Firefly," says our current obsession ', 'of this world; the idea that " The Avengers " changed the game for the Marvel series after his apparent death in " The Avengers ." Is it possible he\'ll return because I have so much going on in " Avengers " 2. Finding out that Coulson ', 'It also opened with a dynamic fight scene: Captain America battling a dozen assailants in a glass elevator. Other highlights included the introduction of the "Guardians of the Galaxy" cast and a peek at " Avengers : Age of Ultron."', 'producer, says fans looking for clues to the new " The Avengers " sequel should not miss the "Captain America World\', is connected and the lynch pin between \' Avengers \' 1 and \' Avengers \' 2," he said. "The events of \' Avengers \' play ', 'television series. Fury oversees the global security spy agency in Marvel\'s cinematic universe, including "Marvel\'s  The Avengers ." But so far he hasn\'t been contacted about the show, which stars Clark Gregg as Agent Coulson and debuts on ABC ', 'juggernauts, crossing over into everything. And nowhere is that more evident than at Comic-Con International. Attendees can wear  Avengers  perfume while walking in Converse high-tops that have the Joker or Batman on the sides. They can buy glass tumblers with ', 'Gregg as Agent Coulson, the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent everyone thought died in Marvel\'s recent blockbuster film " The Avengers ." The show follows Coulson as he builds a team of fellow agents to deal with the growing problem created by superheroes ', 'are angling to land similar success when they touch down in San Diego this week. Such new live-action series as " The Avengers " spin-off "Marvel\'s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.," android buddy cop drama "Almost Human" and supernatural ', 'Now, that\'s my goal. I remember there will be another kid out there with this." Marvel has found success with its " Avengers " film franchise and "Captain America: The First Avenger" in 2011. "Captain America: The Winter Soldier" should help ', 'the top of the list. From last june to this year, the estimated $75 million. Wow. Thanks to "iron man" and " the avengers ." Second on the list, channing tatum. Channing tatum -- proved he\'s not just another pretty face. Taking home ', 'this year, the estimated $75 million. Wow. Thanks to "iron man" and " the avengers ." Second on the list, channing tatum. Channing tatum -- proved he\'s not just another pretty face. Taking home an estimated $60 million. ', 'edition. Good morning to you all. And to you. And rejoice "iron man," fans. Robert downey jr. Signed on for " the avengers ." The first of the two "avenger" sequels set to open in may 2015, when he will be 50 years young. A lucrative ', 'you. And rejoice "iron man," fans. Robert downey jr. Signed on for " the avengers ." The first of the two "avenger" sequels set to open in may 2015, when he will be 50 years young. A lucrative ', 'worldwide headlines tonight the super heroes of  the avengers  smashing records and tonight. of  the avengers  had the biggest US opening. Ever this weekend first three days in the US and Canada.  The avengers  200 million comfortably meets that eclipsing ', "168. Million in its first three days in the US and Canada. The avengers 200 million comfortably meets that eclipsing other super movies. That man the dark night. Spider-Man three me. And the hunger games all took in 150 million in their first three days. Respectable but not even close to the avengers I think we're looking at. By far the biggest summer ever. Avengers is. Blowing the doors open the movie has been called an ocean's eleven in spandex. And all star cast assembled to play at all star cast of superheroes. Iron Man. Black widow of Captain America floor and the incredible Hulk. This movie should really by all accounts not work these characters do not belong to in this movie isn't possible but at the box office as in this grip. Hold is more powerful than the sum of the heart. I think the avengers have written a new formula a new formula not just in casting the distribution. The movie has already opened in 52 countries ", 'Hollywood studios increasingly recognize the enthusiasm of overseas audiences. Enthusiasm that in the avengers case translates into 441. Million dollars in foreign revenues. A worldwide total so far -- -- bigger than the entire US run. Of Titanic. Avengers is truly. Raking them -- -- David Wright ABC news Hollywood. ', "hitting US theaters may fourth in  the avengers . Evans is back as Captain America christening of injustice and yeah  the avengers  I can't miss Florida has had I'm glad I was come to the bar  avengers  Apple's I wanna plug the movie ", "a little. Whose government since that she christening of injustice and yeah the avengers I can't miss Florida has had both -- there's got. Guy is so great dad worked that I just you know world dominant Albuquerque knows from there and visited Chandra to make it more the -- wanted to -- The camaraderie and unity so -- and on weekends -- -- and -- let's go. I'm glad I was come to the bar avengers -- Apple's I wanna plug the movie -- we -- Goudie avengers opens nationwide this Friday. Right now we need -- to Sam Champion in the weather. Avengers . Assemble. -- -- it's an elderly Tutsi. ", "call ourselves team. Earth's mightiest heroes have In  the avengers  it's just the 65 seconds C. Robert Downey junior's moving in such a set for release on May fourth.  The avengers  seeks to provide a story crescendo. For the loyal citizens ", "what we call ourselves -- team. Earth's mightiest heroes have -- In the avengers it's just the 65 seconds C. Robert Downey junior's Tony Stark out of his Iron Man -- With no more special effects ", 'moving in such a -- -- set for release on May fourth. The avengers seeks to provide a story -- crescendo. For the loyal citizens of fan -- nations. The audience is trying to character in ', "Scarlett Johansson Chris Hemsworth and Jeremy they are  the avengers  the superhero blockbuster will kick off the summer season may fourth. Here's just a bit of a take a look.  The avengers . It's what we call ourselves and team. Earth's ", "Robert Downey junior Scarlett Johansson Chris Hemsworth and Jeremy -- they are the avengers the superhero blockbuster will kick off the summer season may fourth. Here's just a bit of a take a look. The avengers . It's what we call ourselves and -- -- team. Earth's mightiest heroes. I've met -- Six as -- to get any traction ", "of course I'm wearing Green in your honor thank you are playing the I actually did not I didn't plan Not that way  the avengers  huge movie great reviews Jersey one of this summer's biggest blockbusters and we would like you to tell us about the ", "-- I actually did not I didn't plan -- Not that way the avengers huge movie great reviews Jersey -- one of this summer's biggest blockbusters and we would like you to tell us about the "]