['Cera, Nick Offerman and Ryan Gosling. Now "Drunk History," based on the Web series, is in its first season on  Comedy Central , airing Tuesdays (10 p.m. EDT). Each half-hour episode focuses on one U.S. city, with three historical ', 'AND OTHER INSULTS. Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas smiled when asked by ABC\'s JONATHAN KARL about comments by  Comedy Central  host Jon Stewart, who called him a "dirty syrup guzzler," earlier this year - which was a reference to Cruz having ', 'The Voice," NBC. Variety Series: " The Colbert Report ,"  Comedy Central ; " The Daily Show  With Jon Stewart,"  Comedy Central ; "Jimmy Kimmel Live," ABC; "Late Night ', 'Oswalt opted to record his upcoming  Comedy Central  special and comedy album in San 4 console for the first time. " South Park " creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone will chat about their game, " South Park : The Stick of Truth," at a panel ', 'Rekindle Your Childhood Flame: Interview With Black Power Ranger Walter Emanuel Jones', 'having a black Black Ranger. Just last fall, sketch-comedy duo Key & Peele spoofed the Black Power Ranger on their  Comedy Central  show. However, according to a SAG report , African Americans accounted for roughly 8 percent of daytime TV roles in ', 'wedding crasher. Stephen Colbert\'s Touching Tribute to His Mother Stephen Colbert returned to his  Comedy Central  show, " The Colbert Report ," last night after a short time away. The 49-year-old host broke from character for a moment to ', 'show and you also like me, that\'s because of my mom," said Colbert during his monologue for his  Comedy Central  show, " The Colbert Report ." "She made a very loving home for us," he said of growing up as one of 11 children. "No fight ', 'says Fielder, 29, writer, director and star of  Comedy Central \'s "Nathan for You" and the man responsible for This Hour Has 22 Minutes," Canada\'s answer to  the  " Daily Show ," in which he honed his talking-to-real-people ', 'Democrat Elizabeth Colbert Busch, 54.2 percent to 45.3 percent. Sanford defeated Colbert Busch, the sister of  Comedy Central  host Stephen Colbert, despite her significant cash advantage - and despite some aggressive ads from outside Democratic ', "Busch's 45 percent. The Associated Press has called him the victor. Sanford defeated Colbert Busch, the sister of  Comedy Central  host Stephen Colbert, despite her significant cash advantage -- and despite some aggressive ads from outside Democratic ", "17JmE2D THE WIFE, THE MISTRESS AND A COMEDIAN: What do  Comedy Central  talk show host Stephen Colbert; Jenny Sanford, the Busch's famous brother has mostly stayed away. The  Comedy Central  star held two fundraisers last month for his sister ", "What do  Comedy Central  talk show host Stephen Colbert; Jenny Sanford, the spurned ex-wife out, Colbert Busch's famous brother has mostly stayed away. The  Comedy Central  star held two fundraisers last month for his sister, one in New York ", "few days you needed to look no further than  The Daily Show  on  Comedy Central . A program that usually makes fun of the comedy channel Find humor in Iraq. But on  comedy central 's  The Daily Show  all week comedian rob Frankel offered reports ", "over the last few days you needed to look no further than The Daily Show on Comedy Central A program that usually makes fun of the press from the confines of the studios in New York City. But not this week here's ABC's Jake Tapper. Live from Baghdad it was quite a comedy channel -- Find humor in Iraq. But on comedy central's The Daily Show all week comedian rob Frankel offered reports literally from the front lines what does this. -- wriggle may be one of the ", "dialogue happened this year on the season opener of  South Park . Where they explored how the N word can just pop language in our next segment to be offensive.  Comedy central 's  The Daily Show  seized on the proposals by some politicians like ", "audience may find the language in our next segment to be offensive. Comedy central's The Daily Show seized on the proposals by some politicians like New York City councilman LeRoy com rate to ban the N word. As a ", 'how we roll at "good morning america." Yeah. The presidential candidates not the only ones duking it out this week. " The daily show \'s" jon stewart and fox news\' bill o\'reilly, getting ready for a showdown. This saturday, half of all proceeds go ', 'The presidential candidates not the only ones duking it out this week. " The daily show\'s " jon stewart and fox news\' bill o\'reilly, getting ready for a showdown. This saturday, half of all proceeds go to charity. It\'s ', 'jerry got me through the tougher times. Reporter: Pattinson played it close to the vest but kept smiling last night on " the daily show ," his first interview incidence breaking up with kristen stewart, after the public revelation that she cheated on him ', 'played it close to the vest but kept smiling last night on " the daily show ," his first interview incidence breaking up with kristen stewart, after the public revelation that she cheated on him. I thought you and ', 'to speak on campus this clip of  The Daily Show  which we were able to find on at Viacom the company that owns  Comedy Central  and the They know 60000. Clicks 160000. Clips from their MTV  Comedy Central  and other networks. That have ', "York City invited Jim Gilchrist to speak on campus this clip of The Daily Show which we were able to find on YouTube has been viewed more than 68000. Times of course officials at Viacom the company that owns Comedy Central and -- the -- They know 60000. Clicks should've gone to their web -- I got up. Not -- to infect Viacom accuses YouTube of in the breaching itself by taking other companies' product without permission. Officials say they counted 160000. Clips from their MTV Comedy Central and other networks. That have been viewed more than one point five billion times on YouTube. Viacom and YouTube have been trying ", "Let's bring our guest right now hopefully we get a couple of laps here that the the about from  Comedy Central The Daily Show  correspondent for  the daily show  with Jon Stewart I have to ask you personable. 'cause of field correspondents at the most ", "couple of laps here that the -- the -- about -- from Comedy Central The Daily Show correspondent for the daily show with Jon Stewart I have to ask you personable. 'cause of field correspondents at the most influential. Network not network -- program ", "camera as the song. I am America plays in the background. The late night comics have come up with parodies including  comedy central 's the col Baer reports. I was so impressed by these ads folks that I. I have made some ads my loan from them. Hi ", "the background. The late night comics have come up with parodies including comedy central's the col Baer reports. I was so impressed by these ads folks that I. I have made some ads -- my loan "]