['John Bartheld has been breeding miniature cows on his farm for seven years, hoping to recreate black and white markings in the pattern of a panda to make a "panda cow."', 'He succeeded on June 28 when Peanut was born. From most angles, Peanut looks like the endangered Chinese bear with a big belt of white fur, a white face and black hair around the eyes.', 'Peanut never strays far from his mom, Midget, who was artificially inseminated. Another panda cow born July 3, a half-sister named Star, has similar markings, but not as well-defined.', '"He\'s got that cocky attitude. From the minute I laid eyes on him I knew he was something special," he said Friday.', 'Bartheld runs nine cattle and five are registered miniatures. Two, Peanut and Star, are registered with The International Miniature Cattle Breeders Society, which is a division of Happy Mountain Farm in Covington.', '"They butcher them all the time if they breed a miniature and it runs out 40-45 inches tall; it\'s considered a mid-sized beef."', 'Bartheld grew up around his grandparents\' dairy and the farm, now 11 acres, has been in the family four generations. He has a full-time job with a concrete company in Tacoma, but "I always knew I was going to have cows."', 'A miniature cow has to be under 42 inches tall at 3 years old. A panda cow has to have the bear-like markings, mostly the white belt around the midsection.', '"A lot of cows have black eyes and white faces; the white belt really sets it," he said.', 'Peanut has been getting a lot of attention since a few stories hit the Internet.', '"It\'s gone bananas," Bartheld said. He\'s hearing from people he hasn\'t talked to in 10 years.', "Bartheld plans to sell Peanut, but he can't guess what he's worth. He said there are 30 to 40 panda cows in the world.", '"Somebody\'s got to want a cow like that. I\'d like him to be a mascot for someone," Bartheld said. "I think that would be kind of neat."', '"He won\'t fit into my breeding program because they\'re all related to him," Bartheld said.', "He's got Midget the mom on the farm. The bull, Rebel, is at Happy Mountain Farm in Covington.", '"I have no kids. These things are kind of like my children," he said. "I feed them the best hay I can. They\'re well taken care of."', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']