['He was inspired by a simple philosophy, everyone is more fun with their shoes off. It became a sensation after  johnny carson  played tster with ava ga bore on the tonight show in 1966. It became an american classic throughout the years. The ', 'is more fun with their shoes off. It became a sensation after johnny carson played tster with ava ga bore on the tonight show in 1966. It became an american classic throughout the years. The gang ', 'treasure chests buried beneath the ocean. You know  Johnny Carson  of course is the man changed television the Tonight the treasure. As we watch his To up. The very first  Johnny Carson  show June 19557. Years before he take over the Tonight ', "like finding the comic treasure chests buried beneath the ocean. You know Johnny Carson of course is the man changed television the Tonight Show but. Here's Johnny he made his name and sketch comedy and -- ", '-- To -- up. -- -- -- -- -- The very first Johnny Carson show -- June 19557. Years before he take over the Tonight Show. What is that hesitation before he walks through the -- ', "is moving through 1155. And in  late night  TV. The people tend to go to sleep when Jack was on that's when  Johnny Carson  was on. been doing this ten years uncomfortable question any other tips for  late night  success if somebody is bad not ", "at the big countdown. Jimmy Kimmel is moving through 1155. And in late night TV. The -- people tend to go to sleep at midnight that's for summaries -- the magic number and symbolically. It means a lot because that's when. Steve Allen was on that's when Jack -- was on that's when Johnny Carson was on. -- -- -- -- been doing this ten years he's -- -- There were times when. I hope the show ", "So he's not afraid of the uncomfortable question any other tips for late night success if somebody is bad -- not funny they're droning on. I take it upon myself to live in the interview up ", "very short history of television.  Johnny Carson  swan song may have indeed been heartfelt goodnight. ruled the  late night  roost for so long. That his departure And no matter what happens to  Johnny Carson 's empire in the midnight hour ", "time period. But the television graveyard is already chock full of former late night hosts. If it's really far too premature to really predict who's going to win. It's very difficult you really have to wait. For all the handicapping and hyperbole about the winners and losers in late night TV. Even Jay Leno likes to point out that the losers are still likely to walk away with a couple of million dollars. And no matter what happens to Johnny Carson's empire in the midnight hour all the rest of us have to lose is a little slate. This is Chris Bury for ", 'itself the hometown of the late  Johnny Carson . Johnny although his name is Com and Dick Carson the brother  Johnny Carson  says the festival is especially continue this To the king of  late night  for years to come for ABC news ', 'success organizers are hoping to continue this -- To the king of late night for years to come for ABC news on campus Carson -- -- -- for -- -- ', "Time and index the big shakeup in  late night  television couldn't be in the starts at that big headline from the  late night  shifted his official the long rumored car. And for nearly thirty years  Johnny Carson  wireless. Bob and Carol and Ted ", "coming up next here it's. Time and index the big shakeup in late night television couldn't be -- in the human error. That's next. Our instant index starts at that big headline from the late night shifted his official the long rumored change at the Tonight Show what. February 2014. The show moved to New York for the new host Jay Leno out Jimmy Fallon in -- aren't. Nice to see this is the end of an era that began with a comparatively gentler comedy of Steve Allen -- car. And for nearly thirty years Johnny Carson wireless. Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice and -- and -- Today's comedy of course is all about video and music ", "actually in terms of looks and the worst ones. Right Howard Stern. He's a  late night  not a big enough deal for him he said that he wants the Tonight Show  Johnny Carson 's former he says quote. Already contacted Matt Lauer about how to take ", "terms of looks and the worst ones. Right Howard Stern. He's a late night not a big enough deal for him he said that he wants the Tonight Show Johnny Carson's former -- he says quote. Already contacted Matt Lauer about how to take over the tonight children -- Icahn told America's Got ", 'Our instant index starts with that big headline from the  late - night  shift. It is official, the long rumored change at "the comedy of steve allen, jack par, and for nearly 30 years,  johnny carson . Bob and carol and ted and alice. Bob and carol and ted ', 'Our instant index starts with that big headline from the late - night shift. It is official, the long rumored change at "the tonight show" will happen in february 2014. The show will move to new york with a new host. Jay leno out. Jimmy fallon in. But it\'s hard not to see this as the end of an era that began with a gentler comedy of steve allen, jack par, and for nearly 30 years, johnny carson . Bob and carol and ted and alice. Bob and carol and ted and al today\'s comedy is all about video and music ', "writers strike for entering its seventh week now some of  late night 's biggest stars are announcing it will cross picket lines seen jokes take such an pounding as they took last night.  Johnny Carson  went back on without writers in 1988. His lining up to advise ", "writers strike for -- -- entering its seventh week now some of late night's biggest stars are announcing it will cross picket lines to shoot new episodes in the new year Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien ", "fifteen of his seventeen years in  late night . Leno comes back to tonight guests helping to maintain CBS's  late night  I'm all that nervous not because first faced off in the shadow  Johnny Carson . A  late night  TV is a much different place ", "of the Tonight Show last night ending -- -- that toppled NBC's late night lead. But the climb back won't be easy you might say He is not in Kansas anymore. And it's worked through dividends ", "urged him. A high fighting crowd welcomed back -- returning king of late night like He never left. County jail -- post at least for -- But the road back won't be covered with yellow bricks even though He was number 11 fifteen of his seventeen years in late night . Leno comes back to -- tonight show badly damaged by NBC's primetime experiment. The network finally pulled the plug returning Leno to his -- after handing Conan O'Brien 45 million to leave but will the audience come back. Not if leno's longtime rival has anything to do with it. My name is Dave Letterman the same time in the same -- stocks. Letterman staff is said to be busy booking big time guests helping to maintain CBS's late night -- I'm all that nervous not because it's my first night back because -- know Dave and Oprah or watch. It's a reminder of what it was like in 1993 when Leno and Letterman first faced off in the shadow -- Johnny Carson . A late night TV is a much different place thanks to cable Internet and the DVR. And as Leno works to rebuild his empire He ", "a stand-up comic, a late,  late night  host. Will you welcome david letterman. And  johnny carson 's protege and heir to his late starmaker himself and the king of  late night ,  johnny carson . Really should stop applauding ", 'host -- here\'s johnny! The great starmaker himself and the king of late night , johnny carson Really should stop applauding because you give me a big head and, no, and my crown won\'t fit anymore. Late night\'s smoothest suavest host didn\'t start out that way. He\'d been on two prime time flops and a game show. Johnny. Before taking over "the tonight show" for jack paar. For the next 30 years the boyish-looking nebraskan native dominated late night Momma, I\'m on tv. Famously private and introverted came alive on tv. Piggedly-wiggedly. Describe\'s kermit\'s wedding night. His monologues were so influential ', 'And it took a bevy of famous comedians to pay tribute to  late night  comedian david letterman. Was he a brilliant, successful he celebrated his notoriously shy friend and mentor. What  johnny carson  was for you, you are for the rest of all of us here. I ', 'And it took a bevy of famous comedians to pay tribute to late night comedian david letterman. Was he a brilliant, successful parody of a talk show host? Or some midwestern goon who was a little ', "that's actually his cake said  late night . With David letter of any actually license plate on his car that said  late night  look at that so big big deal Letterman on to win Letterman.  Johnny Carson  initially everyone that business ", "his show he's from Brooklyn originally and that's actually his cake said late night . With David letter of any actually even license plate on his car that said late night look at that so big big deal. -- Jimmy Kimmel he gets to interview. David Letterman. On his show he's usually in in LA but he's in Brooklyn it was pre plan -- -- senior and. Course parking standing here SA toll call it sells a plan for months but obviously -- from Brooklyn -- have to shell out west and he compared having Letterman on -- -- to win Letterman. -- Johnny Carson initially everyone that business -- and I don't Davis who is one of Jimmy saw yours yours we have trying to crack ", "You know  late night  wars. Con man is saying. I don't think I'm leaving Andy lack I was a little. Boy I remember watching. The tonight show with  Johnny Carson  and thinking some day I'm in a host that show for seven months ", "You know late night wars. -- -- -- -- Con man is saying. I don't think I'm leaving Andy lack I'm not annoying if you want ", "there were a lot of bad feelings they wanted to avoid causing more bad feelings well mission accomplished. I'm this  Johnny Carson  I mean by god would Johnny equipped. And even though fox has expressed interest O'Brien says yes no offers to take ", "to avoid causing more bad feelings well mission accomplished. I'm this -- Johnny Carson I mean by god would Johnny -- equipped. And even though fox has expressed interest O'Brien says yes no offers to take ", 'really wanted to beat the king of  late night . The closest he got with a behind the eighteenth interview with  Johnny Carson . And to his shot a dinner invitation was the last experience with  Johnny Carson  to sing about it. Home. railroaded ', "they. This morning picture you're really wanted to beat the king of late night . The closest he got with a behind the eighteenth interview with Johnny Carson . And to his shot a dinner invitation. He made a date Wolfgang pucks restaurant and I got on the freeway and it ", 'First morning glory regents hope to start with China in  late night . But he spent years learning the ropes on local talk shows listened to banter for three years but competing against  Johnny Carson . Was too tall an order. It would take nearly two decades ', 'today. First -- morning glory regents hope to start with China in late night . But he spent years learning the ropes on local talk shows from San Diego -- Saint Louis. He -- -- hit the ', "first job was as an NB CH. Back in 1956 he wanted to be a singer like his idol Bing Crosby or a  late night  TV host like his other idol  Johnny Carson  but luckily for us. He became our morning cup of Regis. In 28 years there have been I can't ", "wanted to be a singer like his idol Bing Crosby or a late night TV host like his other idol Johnny Carson but luckily for us. He became our morning cup of Regis. In 28 years there have been -- -- I can't say ", "No real and canned dog food comes in this can't. Be beef chunks dinner is the only one of the three leading canned dog foods that does have real beat. Right nourishing meat by products and real beef. Plus soy vitamins and minerals that are real beef could be the reason Hernandez here. Here at a"]