['This report aired Dateline Friday, Sept. 19. If you have any information related to this story, call the FBI tipline at 866-322-7009.', 'Amy Wales: It hit me viscerally. The way that nightmares tend to. And I still cannot get my head around why that happened.', 'It was just three weeks after the attacks of September 11, 2001. America was on high alert. Amy Wales was in London when she had a terrifying dream about her father, back home in Seattle.', "Amy Wales, Tom Wales' daughter: It looks sort of - very much like a terrorist attack in the domestic sense. And then more specifically, this cloudy figure shooting my father. And I woke up and I was screaming and was upset. And I immediately called him and left a message. ", 'Amy Wales: I said, "\'Pa. I dreamt you were shot. And, are you okay? Are you alive? You need to call me. And - I love you so much. And I am - I can\'t imagine it. I can\'t imagine it. Please call me back.\'"', 'Amy Wales: He called up and he was just laughing and clearly making light of the situation. And said, "No, I\'m very much alive and don\'t you worry, and in fact, you and your brother will be arguing about what to do with me later in life. As I\'m up to no good in a nursing home." ', "Amy Wales: It was horrible. It was shocking - it was devastating. I certainly wasn't prepared for it. ", 'Wales was beloved, both by his close knit family and a wide circle of friends who found him funny, engaging and delightfully quirky. He was a mountaineer who also tackled culinary peaks.', "Ralph Fascitelli: Everybody that met Tom thought they were Tom's best friend. He had a dozen best friends.", 'Yet Wales also had an unknown enemy, someone who hated him enough to kill him with ruthless, anonymous efficiency. In fact, the murder looked so much like a "hit" that investigators wondered if the killer might be someone Wales had antagonized through his work because Tom Wales was an assistant U.S. Attorney. If that were the case, it would be the first time in U.S. history that a federal prosecutor was killed in connection with his work.', "Mark Bartlett: A coward snuck behind his back and crawled into his backyard and shot him through a window, four, five, six times. It's beyond despicable.", "Robert Westinghouse and Mark Bartlett are prosecutors who worked closely with Wales in the U.S. Attorney's office. Wales handled white collar criminal cases like bank fraud and embezzlement.", 'Robert Westinghouse: There have been a number of defendants that were convicted by Tom Wales who have written letters that express their gratitude for him and his treatment of them.', "Still, there was one notable exception. Shortly before his death, Wales had prosecuted a pilot who was part-owner of a company involved in a complicated case concerning the sale of rebuilt helicopters. The pilot's company wound up pleading guilty to a misdemeanor. The pilot felt unfairly prosecuted and, in a rare move, sued the U.S. Attorney's office and singled out Tom Wales.", "The FBI won't discuss any possible suspects. But Seattle Times reporter Steve Miletich has learned from law enforcement sources and people close to the pilot that investigators started looking at him soon after the murder.", 'Sara James: What do we know about the movements of the pilot on the night when Tom Wales was murdered?', 'Steve Miletich: we know that he went to a movie that night, 2001: A Space Odyssey, in downtown Seattle. ', "Investigators quickly realized that that movie theater was close to Wales' home. The pilot and his companion left the theatre in separate cars when the movie let out at about 9:30 p-m.", "Steve Miletich: The shooting happened at 10:40. Tom Wales' house was about 10 minutes away from - from the movie theatre. ", "But sometime around 10:40, around the time of the murder, telephone records show a call was made from the pilot's home phone. It seemed the pilot, who lived alone, had an alibi.", 'Steve Miletich: His defenders will say that it does show that he could not have killed Tom Wales.', 'Wales (on tape): We will never concede the fight to end handgun violence in this state.', "The FBI knew another possible motive for murder could have been Wales' activities outside the office. He was president of Washington cease fire, a gun control group. ", "Wales (on tape): I'm talking about simple, reasonable legislation that would hold gun owners responsible for keeping their firearms safely stored and away from kids. All of those have been opposed by the NRA.", 'The FBI gave Dateline a rare look inside its investigation. Bob Geeslin is the supervisory special agent assigned to the Wales case.', 'Bob Geeslin: We took on projects that have never been done, at least from my knowledge, in the Bureau before.', 'Federal prosecutor Tom Wales was a sitting duck as he sent e-mails in the basement office of his Seattle home in October 2001. Investigators believe he never saw the person who shot him through the window: An assassin who remains at large. ', 'Amy Wales feels the loss of her father every day but gets some solace from the memory of the last time she saw her father, shortly before his murder. Amy had just graduated from college, and was about to leave for London.', 'Amy Wales: He just gave me a really big hug, extended hug. And he said he was very proud of me. And that he loved me. Well, at the time I was like, "Oh, Pa, you know, get over yourself." (laughs) But it has turned out to be one of the most amazing gifts. ', 'Douglas Murphy is a ballistics expert at the FBI lab in Quantico, Virginia. His job is to analyze the bullets and shell casings found at the crime scene. The first task was to identify the type of gun used. ', 'Although the shell casings found in Wales\' backyard said "Makarov" right on them, the number of grooves left on the bullets didn\'t match a standard Makarov.', "Douglas Murphy: Once we discovered this company that made replacement barrels for Makarovs, that's when everything fit. ", 'Turns out, Makarovs can be fitted with an after-market barrel... Sometimes used to improve accuracy. The FBI learned that approximately 2600 of the special barrels had been sold in the U.S. ', "Bob Geeslin : We have instances now where as we look for these, when we get that chill down our spine that we don't like the answer that we've got.", 'Kwan failed a polygraph when questioned about those two gun barrels but is not believed to be the one who shot Wales. ', 'Ballistics and old-fashioned gumshoe work were only getting agents so far. Suspecting there might be more information out there which they\'d missed, the FBI created new software to do what\'s called "data mining" - essentially, digging through mountains of information on incompatible law enforcement computer systems. It\'s a high-stakes game of connect-the-dots.', "And in 2004, three years after Tom Wales' murder, agents hit pay dirt - a nugget buried in local police records which hadn't been associated with Wales' murder - that a strange man had been seen very near Wales' home in the two weeks before his slaying.", 'The FBI made a composite drawing based on what neighbors had seen, then appealed to the public for help identifying the unknown man.', 'Witnesses describe the man as weighing 140-165 pounds, his hair pulled back in a ponytail. He had tobacco-stained teeth and a chipped front tooth and was wheeling behind him a small black nylon suitcase.', 'Sara James: Do you believe that the person carrying or rolling the suitcase behind him was the murderer of Tom Wales?', "Bob Geeslin: I have no idea. What we're looking for is just to talk to a person who fits the description to find out what they were doin'. It could have been a - a vacuum cleaner salesman.", 'Meanwhile, as agents continued to run their fancy computer programs, and follow up countless leads on both coasts, a vital clue suddenly fell into their laps.', 'Shawn Van Slyke: The author of the letter purported to be the true killer of Tom Wales. ', "Nearly five years had passed since assistant U.S. Attorney Tom Wales was murdered when, out of the blue, a mysterious envelope arrived at the FBI office in Seattle: An anonymous letter from someone who claimed to be Wales' killer. ", 'Shawn van Slyke is a behavioral analyst for the FBI, part of a team of agents specially trained to read between the lines. ', "Shawn Van Slyke: It's very difficult to suppress those life-long linguistic habits that have developed over a lifetime, based upon a particular offender's exposure to popular media, or his education or what other life experiences he may have encountered.", "So I drove to Seattle to do the job. I did not even know his name. Just got laid off from a job. Nice talking lady. I didn't know her name.", 'I kind of camped out in the backyard of this house and waited for the guy to settle in at his computer. Once he was there, I took careful aim. I shot two, or possibly more times, and watched him collapse. I absurdly waited a few minutes and then left. I was sure he was dead.', 'While Van Slyke and his team considered the letter to be an extremely valuable clue, they found the story it recounted - a professional hit man taking a job on spec from a stranger - implausible - even ludicrous.', "And you'll never find a hit man who would do the job without any sort of payment up front. You would never find a hit man in my experience who will then, after the job, attempt to communicate with law enforcement via a letter such as this.", 'Shawn Van Slyke: It\'s very likely that this author had some exposure to that term in the past. Whether it be watching the movie or the television series. Or perhaps having a girlfriend or family members that he referred to "Gidget" in years gone by. ', "While investigators don't buy the story laid out in the letter, they do believe it was sent by someone involved in the crime. The motive? To throw the investigation off track or perhaps to create a false evidence trail to convince a future jury that some unknown suspect, the anonymous author of the Gidget letter, could be the real killer.", 'Wales had discussed the man with friend Ralph Fascitelli just one week before he was gunned down. ', 'Seattle Times reporter Steve Miletich: The pilot had flown to Las Vegas just about the time this letter was postmarked. ', "As investigators saw it, there were two potential motives. First, could a perception of wrongful prosecution by Wales have led to murder? Remember, the commercial airline pilot had a side business selling crashed and re-built helicopters. The pilot's company was accused of violating FAA rules. And so the case was assigned to Tom Wales and Robert Westinghouse. Westinghouse says the pilot didn't take it well.", 'Bob Westinghouse: He was simply personally affronted by the entire prosecutive effort. ', "In the end, the serious charges were dropped and the company pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor. But the pilot claimed he was out $128,000 dollars in legal fees and in an extraordinary move, filed that lawsuit against the U.S. Attorney's office and Tom Wales specifically- claiming malicious prosecution. That case was dismissed after Tom Wales was killed. ", 'Investigators believed a second potential trigger for the pilot could have been televised statements by Wales shortly after 9/11.', "I think we need to be careful that we don't do things that are going to further endanger American lives. And I'm afraid that this is going to do precisely that.", 'Tom Wales: We have to ensure that they have the integrity in the cockpit that they need to do their job and that means air marshals if we need it, it means increased security at the checkpoints and it means some pretty darned secure locks on the cockpit door.', "Steve Miletich: That interview ran over and over on a cable station here in town. There's no way to absolutely know, but it's very likely that this pilot saw that interview. And it might have been part of this continuum of events that - that some people believe would be enough to make him angry enough.", "But wait -- what about the pilot's alibi for the time of the murder? That call from his home around 10:40 pm, the very time Wales was attacked. Agents are taking a closer look at that, too, wondering whether some sort of call-forwarding technique had been used to make it appear as though the pilot was home when he wasn't.", "The pilot declined Dateline's request for interview. And has also declined to talk to the FBI. And so, the FBI says, nearly seven years and 10,000 leads later, there isn't enough solid evidence for an indictment. Of anyone. ", "Bob Geeslin: The case can't go cold in the FBI. There's no statute of limitations. It will continue to be open. Is there a point that you would say that we have covered every reasonable lead that we know of to now? Yeah, absolutely.", "While Wales' friends and family support investigators, there has been criticism of how the case has been handled, particularly in the early days of the investigation. ", 'Sara James: Tom Wales was shot one month after 9/11. Were there missteps as a result of the fact that the FBI was having to be in a lot of places and investigating terrorism threats?', 'But in 2002, U.S. Attorney John McKay in Seattle complained to higher-ups back in Washington, D.C. that not enough resources were dedicated to the case. Later, McKay was among a number of prosecutors fired by then-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, leaving Washington state officials wondering if his complaints were the reason he was fired.', 'Regardless, additional agents were later assigned - and Bob Geeslin was brought on board in 2006.', 'Bob Geeslin: We effectively more than doubled the numbers here in the Seattle and the Portland offices.', 'The FBI is known for its patience. It took nearly eighteen years to catch the Unabomber and in the end, the case was solved when his brother came forward with suspicions. ', "Bob Geeslin: It may be somebody calling us tomorrow and saying, 'You know what? I have to get something off my chest.'"]