["new threat is emerging and Gru is, apparently, the only person who can help. An AVL agent named Lucy (voiced by  Kristen Wiig ) is deployed to kidnap Gru and bring him back to headquarters, where he'll be forcibly recruited to help the cause ", 'salon-quality hair and read the news." And while the schtick may be the same, there will be new faces to spice things up ( Kristen Wiig  makes a funny appearance as a possible love interest for Carell) and of course, appearances by stars from the original ', "Star Sightings: Kristen Wiig  Parties With 'SNL' Stars; Emma Stone, Katie Holmes and more", 'Photo credit: Kevin Mazur/WireImage/Getty Images) It was a big weekend for "Saturday Night Live": Not only did  Kristen Wiig  come back to host the show for the first time since her departure last year, but Seth Meyers confirmed that next year ', '(Photo credit: Ryan Miller/Getty Images) During her time on "Saturday Night Live,"  Kristen Wiig  created memorable characters and became one of the most popular cast members ever. So, it\'s understandable that since leaving ', 'Jaden Smith, Amanda Seyfried, Kaley Cuoco, Miranda Cosgrove, Neil Patrick Harris, Ashley Tisdale, Gabby Douglas,  Kristen Wiig , Megan Fox and many more. Here are the nominees in the non-music categories: Television Favorite TV Show "Good ', "RELATED: LGBT Advocates Divided on Jodie Foster's Speech It all started when the cameras cut away to Jones while  Kristen Wiig  and Will Ferrell introduced the best actress in a comedy or musical award. They were rambling about Meryl Streep ", 'A lot has changed since Joan Rivers got into comedy - Mindy Kaling,  Kristen Wiig , Sarah Silverman, and loads of other female comics have made it clear that women are funny - but she remembers the days when ', 'Jamie Lee Curtis has taken some ribbing since signing on as Activia\'s spokeswoman. Just check out former "SNL" star  Kristen Wiig  \'s side-splitting impression of Curtis proudly "pooping her pants" while filming an Activia commercial. Curtis ', 'Kathryn Joosten, "Desperate Housewives"; Sofia Vergara, "Modern Family"; Merritt Wever, "Nurse Jackie";  Kristen Wiig , "Saturday Night Live" Le Nguyen is rooting for a long shot, Merritt Wever from "Nurse Jackie," but thinks Sofia ', 'there are lots more premieres ahead. Click through to see seven to watch this September. \'Saturday Night Live\' Yes,  Kristen Wiig , Abby Elliott and Andy Samberg are gone. But " Saturday Night Live " will go on with three new Chicago-trained comedians ', 'from Chicago\'s Second City improv club, Bryant comes from Chicago\'s iO Theater. "SNL" lost key cast members  Kristen Wiig , Andy Samberg, and Abby Elliott earlier this year. The "Bridesmaids" star departed in May, Samberg announced his ', 'The iTunes advance release was intended to build buzz about "Bachelorette," and to heighten its stark contrast with  Kristen Wiig \'s 2011 "Bridesmaids." Matt Patches, Hollywood.com\'s movies editor, called "Bachelorette\'s" success on ', 'Veronica Roth The Lucky One, Nicholas Sparks Choice Comedian Ellen DeGeneres Jimmy Fallon Andy Samberg Daniel Tosh  Kristen Wiig  Choice Twit Justin Bieber Miley Cyrus Jimmy Fallon Demi Lovato Ryan Seacrest', "like two hours. Oh, my god. If it's bothering you so much you should have just closed your door. My sheet door.  Kristen wiig  joins us. How much fun was it to play with annette bening. Probably the highlight of my career. Not kidding. She's ", "so much you should have just closed your door. My sheet door. Kristen wiig joins us. How much fun was it to play with annette bening. Probably the highlight of my career. Not kidding. She's incredible. ", 'It\'s called "girl most likely," co-starring  kristen wiig , as a girl who moves back in with her mom, played does. He has a coffee cup with cia across it. We had  kristen wiig  on yesterday. And she said working with annette bening ', 'new comedy chops on display again. It\'s called "girl most likely," co-starring kristen wiig , as a girl who moves back in with her mom, played by annette bening. And a surprising character, played by matt dillon. ', 'does. He has a coffee cup with cia across it. We had kristen wiig on yesterday. And she said working with annette bening was the highlight of her career. Let me ask you, what was the ', 'white house down." But it doesn\'t mean that she will go back for a second on everyone\'s favorite "bridesmaids."  Kristen wiig  put the kibosh on that even though she was offered the world to do it. She says money is just not what motivates her ', 'that she will go back for a second on everyone\'s favorite "bridesmaids." Kristen wiig put the kibosh on that even though she was offered the world to do it. She says money is just not what ', "to name an entertainer where they hotter career right now not only is she a favorite of Saturday night writers and fans Kristen way. proven Hollywood hit maker in a comedy she co wrote and starred in bridesmaids. Is nominated for two Golden Globes and has grossed almost 300. Million fish so here's", "Hi I'm Peter Travers and this is popcorn where we tell you what's happening at the movies and there's a big comedy happening this summer the only comedy. Which is about and for women and it's called bridesmaids and it's about just what you would think but it stars Kristen Not only stars but"]