["Queen Elizabeth II's 86th Birthday, Celebrated By Her Spoof Cameos in Movies & TV", 'Genius. The Naked Gun: From The Files of Police Squad! (1988) The best spoof cameo of Queen Elizabeth II to date.  Leslie Nielsen  sliding across the extra long dining table with the Queen trapped under him with her legs in the air . Uh-mazing ', 'Surely, it must be quite an honor for film makers and actors alike. But then, as the late great "Airplane!" star  Leslie Nielsen  would say, " Don\'t call me Shirley ." CLICK HERE to learn more at the National Film Preservation Board website ', '"Naked Gun" and "Airplane!" actor  Leslie Nielsen  died at the age of 84 Sunday from complications from We are saddened by the passing of beloved actor  Leslie Nielsen , probably best remembered as Lt. Frank Drebin in ', 'theater or on a TV at home. The spoof of \'70s-era airplane disaster films stars Lloyd Bridges, Peter Graves,  Leslie Nielsen , Robert Hayes, and even features Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. "If "Airplane!" comes on, it\'s like a comfort film ', 'didn\'t actually do much to inspire air safety innovations, surely it inspired the great spoof "Airplane" (and, as  Leslie Nielsen  would say, don\'t call me Shirley.) "Twister" (1996) -- Before Bill Paxton became TV\'s most famous polygamist ', 'of Fame game by singing, "Oh say, can you see, by the twilight\'s gleaming." It wasn\'t\' too far off from  Leslie Nielsen \'s version as Detective Frank Dreben in "The Naked Gun" when he sang " ... and the rocket\'s red glare, lots ', 'he\'ll try to add to that repertoire by teaming up with another comedic star. "I\'m supposed to do a pilot with  Leslie Nielsen ," said Asner. The series, "One Hundred Things To Do Before You Die," has the pair working on that list by tackling ', 'voice animated characters -- and Kenny really appreciated the ride. "He\'s got that William Shatner-esque,  Leslie Nielsen -ish ability to make fun of himself," Kenny says. "I saw the 12-foot cast they made of Hasselhoff\'s back ', 'there is little celebrity status attached to the sport. A new movie Men With Brooms may help, but even then, star  Leslie Nielsen  is Canadian. None of this discourages the people of Ogden, who have their own curling club, teach curling in school ', "and you're watching world news now. Plus actor  Leslie Nielsen  on world news now back in 1995. He's reading a on FaceBook just check out W and and fans dot com.  Leslie Nielsen  died of complications from pneumonia at a hospital ", "I'm Thalia assurance and you're watching world news now. -- Plus actor Leslie Nielsen on world news now back in 1995. He's reading a script written for -- in one of our very first anchors. Thalia ", 'just check out W and and fans dot com. -- -- -- Leslie Nielsen died of complications -- from pneumonia at a hospital near his home in Fort Lauderdale. Passed away today less I should say ', "find some of the fondness for the of humor. One of the film help me to do that was repossessed would take it with  Leslie Nielsen . I think it wasn't until for embarked on that journey as able to say you know what I can have fun with this too ", "help me to do that was -- repossessed would take it with Leslie Nielsen . I think it wasn't until -- for embarked on that journey as able to say you know what I can have fun ", 'Hollywood has lost one of its own actor and comedian  Leslie Nielsen  best known for his roles in the airplane naked gun Canadian born Nielsen died in a Florida hospital. He was 84. Singer Alicia ', 'Hollywood has lost one of its own actor and comedian Leslie Nielsen best known for his roles in the airplane -- naked gun -- Canadian born Nielsen died in a Florida hospital. He was ']