['Just what happened to Leta that night that she seemed to walk off the face of the earth?', 'Prosecutor: We came to the conclusion, in the end, that this woman must have come to harm. ', "And today, more than a year after his wife's disappearance, what can Frank Cordes tell us about that evening in question?", 'Back up at the house, Frank and his mother went inside he said while Leta lay groggy in the back seat. ', "With a personality even bigger than her voice, she knew what it took to breeze through the velvet ropes and catch everyone's attention.", "Gar remembers some of the guys in Leta's wide circle, big-hair types who made for better photo ops than they did boyfriend material. Lilee can still recall a song Leta wrote about the L.A. guys who were all take and no give...", "Lilee: (sung) Sometimes it's hard havin' someone that leans on you all the time....", 'Before long, Frank and Leta were married, and if friends think back and recall the union had something to do with Frank getting a green card, there was no dispute that their relationship was the real deal.', 'JamieNiehaus: For years they were the last couple i could say i knew was happily married.', "Heartsick and battling addiction, Leta found solace in the arms of someone new -- a young man named Bobby who she'd met back in Fresno.", 'Depending on who you talk to, the situation that developed out of this mess - and how Frank and Leta chose to deal with it - has everything or nothing to do with what came next.', "Heartsick and battling addiction for booze and prescription pills, Leta had found comfort in the arms of someone new -- a young man named Bobby, who had been renting a room in her family's home back in Fresno. ", "There'd been years of calm waters for Leta Cordes--but family tragedies, the struggle with substance abuse--had thrown her for a loop. And come the fall of 2006, her life was in crisis: her techie husband Frank had found out about the affair in a techie bit of snooping.", 'Diane remembers how much the new house meant to both of them: When Frank supervised the construction and picked out the tiles and paint colors, Leta joined in the decision-making.', 'Island friend Diane thought that Frank and Leta were wonderfully relaxed and gracious hosts when they asked everyone over for an evening of holiday get-together.', "And in the early hours a few weren't thinking tragedy at all. Maybe she was finally fed up enough with Frank to want to sneak away and get some breathing room with someone new.", 'And there was the possibility--just whispered about--that a woman with addiction problems and a sometimes roller-coaster relationship might have just wanted to end it all.', 'But it would be months before investigators started taking a closer look at the husband.', "TacoStein: it's like making a puzzle of those little jigsaw blocks, without an image on them, so you're puzzling, and you're trying to put the things together, but you don't know what you're putting together.", "It's the same story he told us... that after Leta left on foot for the casino the night she disappeared, Frank couldn't go back to sleep -- so he took off after her.", 'And when authorities took a closer look at Frank and Leta, they discovered the thick growth of thorns on their relationship. ', 'Stein: Only later on we learned from interviews of the friends of Leta that there were some problems between the two of them. ', 'Detectives decided Frank needed to be re-interviewed -- more vigorously, in perhaps a less friendly atmosphere: while incarcerated in the prison high above the harbor. ', "And now two friends in particular -- Cary, Leta's longtime pal, and Elaine, that same friend who had a brief tryst with Frank -- have launched a Web site - and a search effort - that may help investigators put away Frank Cordes for good.", "It's a Monday morning in February 2009 in St. Maarten, and while the rest of the island is sleeping off the remains of a weekend in the Caribbean, a team of around fifty people -- friends of Leta Cordes - Elaine, her son Trent, Cary, plus local volunteers - are gathered at dawn at a quiet surfer beach called Le Gallion. Their goal: to find their friend Leta. ", "For one searcher, this day is particularly, achingly poignant -- Bobby, Leta's boyfriend, who always heard Leta talk about the beauty of this place she loved, and who has finally been brought here by her under the saddest of circumstances. ", "Trent: We're waiting for the RST to come so we can have police present when we check out whatever the dogs have potentially discovered.", "The scene among Leta's friends is tense, tearful, as officials begin the grim work of digging on the site the dogs have identified.", 'He remembers Christmas 2007--the housewarming--as a special time, a time to celebrate St. Maarten as a fresh start for the both of them.', 'DennisMurphy: As you look back on that period, that holiday period, the first time in the house, what do you remember?', 'Frank: It was gonna be at least a 50 percent base of where we were going to spend our lives.', "He admits things hadn't always been going smoothly for him and Leta, but says by Christmas 2007 they'd put all that relationship turmoil behind them.", 'And, says Frank, during that Christmas trip, there may have been talk of divorce - but no different than every other time in their 20-year marriage.', 'Dennis Murphy: Was she threatening to leave in that period of the Christmas holidays?', 'Frank says he had no idea that Leta was steamed at him, because he was out of the house picking his mother up at the airport . And by the time he returned, once again the storm had passed. ', "Dennis Murphy: So whatever she'd been talking to her friends about, it had blown over.", 'Frank: No. If there would have been a fight taking place, somebody would have heard something.', 'Frank: They took all my computers from both locations and searched basically in both houses.', "After four months behind bars, Frank Cordes was released from prison after prosecutors admitted they didn't have enough evidence to take their case to trial. ", 'Dennis Murphy: You, who know the island so well and the waters, were you able to dispose of her body?']