['Adam Sandler, Kevin James and David Spade discuss their pickup game with co-star Shaq.', 'Comedian joins Kevin James,  David Spade  and Shaq in discussing sequel to hit film "Grown Ups."', 'Shaq, Adam Sandler,  David Spade  and Kevin James show off their hoops skills in Times Square.', 'funny. And you -- I\'m working on a little project. We have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday. Adam sandler,  david spade , chris james, maya rudolph. And many of them will be here. The whole family. se the not so pretty truthabout their ', 'a little project. We have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday. Adam sandler, david spade , chris james, maya rudolph. And many of them will be here. The whole family. se the not so pretty truthabout their body ', "monsters. But ultimately to protect his daughter. Thank you, dad. Reporter: And a cast that includes adam sandler,  david spade , and fran drescher, the star power in this 3d animated film is undeniable. I have to confess. I'm sitting in front ", "daughter. Thank you, dad. Reporter: And a cast that includes adam sandler, david spade , and fran drescher, the star power in this 3d animated film is undeniable. I have to confess. I'm sitting in front of ", "the new comedy grown ups. some pretty big names right if there are some big names Adam Sandler Kevin James Chris Rock  David Spade  Rob Schneider you'd think of an all star cast like that you have a great movie on your hands and a lot of laughs ", "if there are some big names Adam Sandler Kevin James Chris Rock David Spade Rob Schneider you'd think of an all star cast like that you have a great movie on your hands and a lot ", "looking man. Is it Friday yes I stepping in that was this morning before I got my eyes and appreciate Jack I. Definite  David Spade  effect going he's gonna be yeah liberated. He's gonna feel threatened I'm sure have been absolutely. You lay ", "this morning before I got my eyes and appreciate Jack I. Definite David Spade effect going he's gonna be yeah liberated. He's gonna feel threatened I'm sure have been absolutely. You lay people attacking a lot ", "of the cats let's talk about what a great cast will working with Patrick were Burton we decide of course legendary  David Spade . You know X sure it's really hard working with people funny it's just it's really hard I think I have actually ", "will -- working with Patrick were Burton we decide of course legendary David Spade . You know X sure it's really hard working with people -- funny it's just it's really hard -- I think I have "]