["Nadia Kajouji's parents say Carleton University did not tell them about their daughter's disappearance for 48 hours.", "Nadia Kajouji's parents say that before their daughter's death, Carleton University never told them that:", '-- Nadia Kajouji was seeing a counselor and was being prescribed anti-depression medication', "-- Carleton security was called to Nadia Kajouji's dorm after her dorm mates reported that she was taking about killing herself.", "Nadia Kajouji's parents say Carleton University has still not told them why they were not informed of Nadia's suicidal state.", "Ottawa Police Services and Ms. Kajouji's family were informed that Ms. Kajouji was missing less than 24 hours after she was reported missing to the Department of University Safety. ", "Your other questions touch on the nature and substance of discussions that would have taken place between a patient and her counselor and doctor. Patients using Carleton's Health and Counseling Services - regardless of the reasons for their visit - expect that their privacy and confidentiality will be respected. We will not discuss any matters related to Ms. Kajouji's treatment with Dateline NBC. ", 'Regarding your response about the University informing the family within 24 hours-- your response brings up a few more questions:', "What family member or members did the University inform within 24 hours of Ms. Kajouji's disappearance being reported, and when was that (date, time)?", 'And when was Ms. Kajouji reported missing to the Department of University Safety (date, time)?', "At approximately midnight on March 11 Carleton's Residence staff notified the department of University Safety that Ms. Kajouji may be missing.", "On March, 12 at approximately 13:30 University Safety attempted to reach Ms. Kajouji's family to inform them that she was missing. Unable to reach anyone, University Safety left a message asking the family to contact them.", 'At approximately 15:00 on March 12 University Safety filed a missing persons report with the Ottawa Police Service.', "At approximately 16:30 on March 12 Ms. Kajouji's mother returned University Safety's call and was informed that the university had filed a missing persons report with the Ottawa Police."]