['who produced the  satirical newspaper the onion . And our own Robert back in 1976. When  the onion  news news work they  onion news network  when we just try created the funny and  satirical newspaper the onion . But the ', "-- -- products is from the guys and girls who produced the satirical newspaper the onion And our own Robert Krulwich wanted to welcome them and their lead anchor with open arms. Oddly enough we've never heard Brandon Armstrong. I guess you say I worked for about every decent news organization in the country. And was back in 1976. When the onion news news work they onion news network -- when we just try that again coming to them about yourself and I've. I guess I guess -- work for about ", 'webcast is produced by the same company that created the funny and satirical newspaper the onion But the webcast will not be like the Paper he says because they principally use words. We on the other hand are ', 'Also life  magazine  is stopping life. And a  satirical newspaper  is expanding small screen  the onion news network  debuts today and as a  newspaper  insert but produced the  satirical newspaper the onion . And our work they  onion news network  when we just ', "going to delve into what you're searching for on Google. Also life magazine is stopping its presses and soon the venerable publication will only be available on line. So we're gonna look back at the photos that changed America all photos that came out of the pages of life. And a satirical newspaper is expanding to the small screen the onion news network debuts today and our own Robert Krulwich has a preview. But we do Begin with the cancer diagnosis for white house Press ", "the -- products is from the guys and girls who produced the satirical newspaper the onion And our own Robert Krulwich wanted to welcome them and their lead anchor with open arms. Oddly enough we've never heard Brandon Armstrong. I guess you say I worked for about every decent news organization in the country. And was back in 1976. When the onion news news work they onion news network -- when we just try that again coming to them about yourself and I've. I guess I guess -- work for about ", 'webcast is produced by the single company that created the funny and satirical newspaper the onion But the webcast will not be like the Paper he says because they principally use words. We on the other hand are ', "If it's a  newspaper the onion  was started back televisions.  Onion news network  is set to premiere you cry and a  satirical  news make you absolutely of the the  newspaper  report that the attacks on  the onion news network . I'm Alvarez ", "If it's a newspaper the onion was started back in 1988 by a couple of college students in the University of Wisconsin Madison. And -- don't -- here is it has grown so much in popularity but it's now coming to televisions. Onion news network is set to premiere on I have seen this Friday. And we're so happy to have it and sent out with us ", "satirical newspaper the onion  is celebrating surprised at  the onion  outlasted gym as editors at  the onion  a  satirical newspaper . Website Joseph  the onion  its unflinching launched  the onion news network  in 2007. I've ", "The satirical newspaper the onion is celebrating 21 years of making people laugh by releasing a -- of headlines. Recently sat down with some of the editors. So take me back to the beginning. When we are pretty pizza coupons on the front page of the time I would have been surprised at the onion outlasted gym use pizza none of us had any. Ambition to do anything beyond making our friends in the room laughs we didn't even get paid for the first like seven years we've got kids that we have He creates -- dollars and headline. Joseph garden Carol couldn Todd Hanson angiogram does so get paid a little more these days as editors at the onion a satirical newspaper . Website. Now with a television are. When you read your headlines. You almost have to think about sometimes but where's the joke ", 'satirical newspaper the onion  is celebrating surprised at  the onion  outlasted gym as editors at  the onion  a  satirical newspaper . Website describe. Joseph  the onion  voiced its unflinching launched  the onion news network  in 2007. This ', "one isn't the kind you -- it's the kind you read. The satirical newspaper the onion is celebrating 21 years of making people laugh by releasing a book of headlines. Recently sat down with some of the editors. So take me back to the beginning. When interpreting pizza coupons on the front page of the time I would have been surprised at the onion outlasted gym use pizza none of us had any. Ambition to do anything beyond making our friends in the room laughs we didn't even get paid for the first like seven years we got pizza yeah He -- ten dollars and headline. Joseph garden Carol -- Todd Hanson and Joseph -- does so get paid a little more these days as editors at the onion a satirical newspaper . Website. Now with a television are. When you read your headlines. You almost have to think about sometimes but where's the joke ", "They're early  onion  was crew it was a  satirical  Paper they're while the  newspaper  industry is reeling and  onion  is thriving the online  onion news network . But this The tour of  the onion  empire takes there was an  onion news network  video that even found  humor  in nine elevenths ", "Lakewood Washington. Onions are supposed to make you cry but America's finest news source . As the onion newspaper describes itself. Has been to the opposite effect for more than two decades now call it what -- well name some people say ruthless certainly often brilliant but in an arrow -- print is dying and they are laughing. And Bill Weir stepped inside the onion newsroom. For our series seriously funny. Since our country was a college history has been measured in headlines. Then walk on the moon. -- it quits tonight. Black man given nation's worst job. That on -- just over a year ago on the front page of the onion billed as America's finest news source . But also -- -- only news source with the luxury of writing headlines before distort my personal favorite had learned that I ever wrote. Was when President Bush asked ", "Please please help  the onion  wind that Pulitzer deserve. Why I think  the onion  is deserving of America's finest  news source  that's true you've Pulitzer Prize for  the onion . We'll do the achievement for  the onion . I don't see ", "them. Getting media organizations that journalism awards they deserve. Why I think the onion is deserving of a Pulitzer Prize. Texas the Asian women and unfortunately this. I don't even have good answers your questions should -- saw -- the number one news organization in the country unbiased. Supporting are -- -- first and I currently am gonna on the Obama talking about it is fortunately. Most He had just worms are -- hadn't been invented yet. Me okay. What you are known as America's finest news source that's true you've been around for a long time. You where -- -- and you'll need is the -- Okay that's right ", 'you might remember the  humor magazine  cracked it came out Before YouTube before  the onion  spoof was the domain couple newsstand. But for years Mad  Magazine  had a competitor named pertain to crack sense of  humor  but in a completely new ', "us an old face returning to the newsstand you might remember the humor magazine cracked it came out. In the 1960s and seventies and had. A good run before sputtering out. Well -- has made a comeback and was re launch this week. But will it now succeed. Here's ABC's Jeffrey -- Before YouTube before the onion spoof was the domain -- -- couple -- reverend cartoon magazines. It was that face Alfred Newman a smug smile winking down -- you from the newsstand. But for years Mad Magazine had a competitor named cracked. The late 1960s and seventies were good times for the Max billions subscribed you talk to almost any mail over the age of eighteen. A one point he's read a copy -- bought a copy himself but over the years cracked faded until now. Matisse are -- a lawyer and entrepreneur has bought the magazine and is working to reinvent an old formula. -- Is about sarcasm. It's about being Smart it's about being funny it's about. Letting the Arab peoples tires it's about showing that the emperor has no clothes. Gracing the first cover in the magazine's new era Hollywood kingpin Tom Cruise. The editors have replaced the cartoons of yesteryear with sarcastic takes on pop culture and hired writers from The Daily Show and Saturday Night Live. They've also launched a website to a company that twice a month magazine . I think people will see that we pertain to crack sense of humor but in a completely new and original style. Jeffrey Kaufmann ABC news Miami. ", "As Communist Party  newspaper  got punt by a spoof article that ran. Where else but  the onion the onion  in a North Korean leader Kim As alive for 2012 and not realizing  the onion  is all satire. The People's Daily ", "As Communist Party newspaper got punt by a spoof article that ran. Where else but the onion the onion -- in a North Korean leader Kim -- -- As the sexiest man alive for 2012 and not realizing the onion is all satire. The People's Daily ran a 55 page photo spread on its website dedicated to -- young dictator even grabbed a quote from the onion calling him. Devastatingly handsome and every woman's dream come true. ", "know god is not yeah. Every  newspaper  if He would people as one of I'm not every day in every  newspaper  every  magazine  People  Magazine  doesn't care about Ahmadinejad you the that appeal back from  the onion  of what was it like you you ", "Now you know god is not -- yeah. -- -- -- Every newspaper if He would people as one of the -- a damn about Ahmadinejad would probably be in much better situation that we ought. For people don't look yeah he's headed -- you know I'm not every day in every newspaper every magazine People Magazine doesn't care about Ahmadinejad before it was tiger wined and had to bet -- -- -- It's an interest back to him. And -- there are Bullock was so loved by people and -- and Americans are wonderful and woman's day after she gets up and says the Oscars I love this man -- Reading and watching it happen back in Italy and I am -- publicly humiliating by the way you know how can -- When you -- the -- that appeal back from the onion of what was it like you -- you can't just make a blanket statement that He is discovered or what He did. ", "You might remember the  humor magazine  cracked it came out in Before YouTube before  the onion  spoof where's the domain newsstand. But for years Mad  Magazine  had a competitor named pertain to crack sense of  humor  but in a completely new ", "us an old face returning to the newsstands. You might remember the humor magazine cracked it came out in the 1960s and seventies and had. A good run before sputtering out. Well -- has made a comeback and was re launch this week. But will it now succeed. Here's ABC's Jeffrey -- Before YouTube before the onion spoof where's the domain -- -- couple of -- reverend cartoon magazines. It was that face Alfred Newman a smug smile winking down -- you from the newsstand. But for years Mad Magazine had a competitor named cracked. The late 1960s and seventies were good times for the Max millions subscribe you talk to almost any mail over the age of eighteen. A one point he's read a copy Euro bought a copy himself but over the years cracked faded until now. Matisse are -- a lawyer and entrepreneur has bought the magazine and is working to reinvent an old formula. -- Is about sarcasm. It's about being Smart it's about being funny it's about. Letting the -- -- -- peoples tires it's about showing that the emperor has no clothes. Gracing the first cover in the magazine's new era Hollywood kingpin Tom Cruise. The editors have replaced the cartoons of yesteryear with sarcastic takes on pop culture and -- writers from The Daily Show and Saturday Night Live. They've also launched a website to a company that twice a month magazine . I think people will see that we pertain to crack sense of humor but in a completely new and original style. Jeffrey Kaufmann ABC news Miami. And that's it from us from all of us ", 'than that in the it was a  newspaper  strike in 1978. And even the cover of Newsweek  magazine  and his enlistment yes people from The Daily Show  the onion . Saturday Night Live the cover of the of the  newspaper . is very attractive young ', "like 700000 -- And they landed you on the cover of Newsweek magazine and his enlistment yes -- some of those original contributing is back in the eighties. Well it's it was -- it was ", 'the baby boomers. And ryan looks it. Today, "time"  magazine  published photos taken last year and on newsstands friday photoshopped parody of the vice president, courtesy of  the onion , watching his supposed car, a firebird. On the campaign ', 'is younger than the baby boomers. And ryan looks it. Today, "time" magazine published photos taken last year and on newsstands friday of ryan flexing his impressive guns, a backwards baseball cap and ear buds providing fodder for internet admiration and mockery from right and left. The closest biden came to that was this photoshopped parody of the vice president, courtesy of the onion , watching his supposed car, a firebird. On the campaign trail, ryan\'s brought an eagerness, a snap and crackle that\'s energized conservatives. Ryan\'s ', "Lifehacker. And then finally the there's a website that's actually made the transition from old media to new media  the onion .  The onion  yeah and the finance bill. A hilarious take on the news I mean you you can't beat its online you can. You could ", "website that's actually made the transition from old media to new media the onion . The onion yeah -- and the finance bill. A hilarious take on the news I mean you you can't beat its online you can. ", "companies in New York Times. And on sort of just still  the onion  which is a great to sort of print. Paper Paper. And someplace go to find the voice the couldn't get in the  newspaper  on television. No that's obviously change is nearly ", "someplace -- go to find the voice the couldn't get in the newspaper on television. No that's obviously change is -- -- nearly two billion people on line today so it's actually it's a huge ", 'hot Internet company had taken an old  newspaper  the discount coupons. Week before the they may do so with a sense of sense of  humor . Placing the where. Meetings are held Groupon ad copy reads more like this  satirical onion  in your grandmother free coupon. Pear ', "really and they may do so with a sense of sense of humor . Placing the where. Meetings are held in a place that resembles an aging teenager's bedroom. And the point of this is what. The -- this is to have a bicycle that place -- operator when you read it. The Groupon ad copy reads more like this satirical onion in your grandmother -- -- free coupon. Pear -- -- Tucson how to feel terrible and looked great doing it. -- cocktails "]