["Leguizamo) and Diego (Denis Leary) and Sid's grandmother, a wisecracking, toothless old sloth named Granny (voiced by  Wanda Sykes ). After being being abused by a storm, our gang drifts into dangerous waters inhabited by a pirate monkey (sea monkey ", 'switches the tables on two girls picking out dresses in a store, scolding them for equating gay with "bad." In another,  Wanda Sykes  chastises adolescent teens eating at a pizza restaurant. Last year, GLSEN unveiled its Sports Project, "Changing the Game ', 'might lead other women to get a mastectomy when they don\'t really need it." His expressed concerns come on the heels of  Wanda Sykes \' announcement last month that she underwent a double mastectomy after doctors diagnosed her with DCIS in her left breast ', "asked in a tweet Wednesday evening. Morgan also retweeted various messages commenting on the interview, including one from  Wanda Sykes  noting the timing of O'Donnell's walk-off, coming as it did after she answered questions about witchcraft, her Senate ", 'grace "Curb\'s" eighth season. The lineup includes Ricky Gervais , Rosie O\'Donnell and Michael J. Fox . Recurring stars  Wanda Sykes  and J.B. Smoove also return. Susie Essman, as the filthy-mouthed wife of David\'s manager, is in true form. Since ', 'live. And I just want to reach out to these kids and make sure that they stay with us." -- People magazine , Oct. 5.  Wanda Sykes  "When society as a whole has basically told the kids that \'It\'s okay,\' that \'We\'re a group that you can pick on ', 'live. And I just want to reach out to these kids and make sure that they stay with us." -- People magazine , Oct. 5.  Wanda Sykes  "When society as a whole has basically told the kids that \'It\'s okay,\' that \'We\'re a group that you can pick on ', 'Patrick Harris loves \'em and leaves \'em as serial womanizer Barney Stinson. On "The New Adventures of Old Christine,"  Wanda Sykes  spits one liners as divorcee/token black friend Barb. On "24," Cherry Jones commands the country as President Allison ', "not come at a worse time for the network. The late-night talk show universe is expanding. George Lopez, Mo'Nique and  Wanda Sykes  have all launched talk shows aimed at a younger, more diverse audience and in the more important 18-34-year-old segment ", 'actress told SheWired.com in April, adding that she was "definitely" looking for a woman. In November 2008, comedian  Wanda Sykes  disclosed during a rally in Las Vegas that she had been in a same-sex marriage since October of that year. "You know ', 'itself, which involved a Noah\'s Ark worth of animals. Steve Carell explains the disagreement he got into with a baboon and  Wanda Sykes  says she was told not to look at the animals at all. "I just kept looking away," she says. "I wasn\'t going to have ', 'all smooth sailing since. In a letter published in the December issue of Out, in which Lambert appears on the cover with  Wanda Sykes  and Cyndi Lauper , Hicklin complained that Lambert\'s management didn\'t want him to appear "too gay," which is why the ', "We begin with a movie star. Robin roberts, starring with big names like brooke shields, daryl hannah, camryn manheim,  wanda sykes , so funny. It's ant a basketball team trying to raise money for a friend that has breast cancer. They were high school ", "roberts, starring with big names like brooke shields, daryl hannah, camryn manheim, wanda sykes , so funny. It's ant a basketball team trying to raise money for a friend that has breast cancer. They were high school ", "this done everybody from Christina Applegate to  Wanda Sykes Wanda Sykes  was on. The Tonight Show issues on the Tonight That's right so well the only difference with  Wanda Sykes  is that she actually went into trying get a breast ", 'lot of celebrities also gotten this done everybody from Christina Applegate to Wanda Sykes Wanda Sykes was on. The Tonight Show -- -- issues on the Tonight Show when she. If you end only way that -- that ', "is not help people. That's right so well the only difference with Wanda Sykes is that she actually went into trying get a breast reduction and that's how she found out that she has this -- one. -- -- The gene that is effective. And so therefore she got this also double mastectomy and everybody out there is just applying the women who are brave enough to do it still feel beautiful and you know I'm -- preventative thing to help. I think it's a wonderful thing and -- enjoyed Wanda Sykes is. -- her explanation of it made me laugh blast took my fiance is she pregnant that's the big -- but apparently ", "she insists she is apparently. In producers' meeting when she felt ill but also speaking of that Ellen DeGeneres comedian  Wanda Sykes  from Curb Your Enthusiasm. Came out to Allen on the show telling her that she had her own health she had. Breast cancer ", 'when she felt ill but also speaking of that Ellen DeGeneres comedian Wanda Sykes from Curb Your Enthusiasm. Came out to Allen on the show telling her that she had her own health -- she had. ', "tickets are still available that's right up front and side and lots of people we have. simplicity in Mickey Andrews he  Wanda Sykes . military general in. His son Andrew Wilson movie disintegration. yeah gave it Vanessa content. Skylar I'm missing Cindy ", "of people we have. -- simplicity in Mickey Andrews he -- -- Wanda Sykes . -- -- military general in. His son Andrew Wilson movie -- disintegration. -- yeah gave it Vanessa content. Skylar -- I'm missing ", 'Tempers flared over bodies window seat video  Wanda Sykes  recreated the now infamous clip with a parody video called middle take a look. Yeah. In the interview that followed that is said ', 'Tempers flared over bodies window seat video Wanda Sykes recreated the now infamous clip with a parody video called middle -- take a look. Yeah. In ', "In Las Vegas comedian  Wanda Sykes  made a surprise appearance at a prop eight rally where she announced she's gay and that she had married her girlfriend back in ", "In Las Vegas comedian Wanda Sykes made a surprise appearance at a prop eight rally where she announced she's gay and that she had married her girlfriend back ", "then retracted his support I face sort of definitive call them to sleep in its health centers to ever heard another person.  Wanda Sykes  and as Cheyenne Jackson both of film. Came out and we're not happy and in fact that they were disgusted by his comments ", "them to sleep in its health centers to ever heard another person. Wanda Sykes and as Cheyenne Jackson both of film. Came out and we're not happy and in fact that they were disgusted by his "]