['how their bond grew and the unique work they do fighting  childhood obesity  for the Clinton Foundation. http://www.hollywoodreporter personality has teamed with stars like Selena Gomez to give sick  kids  the chance to learn the ins and outs of broadcasting. "They ', 'In the remarks, the first lady tied the push to get the uninsured to sign up for health care to her campaign against  childhood obesity , which she said is seriously affecting the health of Latino children. She called the epidemic a policy, public health ', 'to the National Council of La Raza that focused largely on  childhood obesity , seemed to be an effort to inject a human element into a decent life for yourself and an even better life for your  kids ." The high-profile appearance at La Raza underscores an ', 'intended to focus on the fight against  childhood obesity  and her LetsMove campaign, ABC\'s MARY crafting a bill, expected to be called the  Kids  Act, to offer a path to citizenship compassion." DREAMers, however, reject the  Kids  Act or any similar legislation because ', 'young people to focus on the power of education as a force for change. She continues to call attention to the signature issues she adopted in her first term: reducing  childhood obesity  and rallying public support for military families.', 'opportunities for at-risk  kids . "It was a struggle for me program is very important for  kids  who don\'t have (resources country where the prevalence of  childhood obesity  has almost tripled in the past Harlem Armory, giving New York  kids  an introduction to basic gymnastics ', "very enriched to the point that we see  kids  making these very big gains? Not nearly increasing rates of childhood asthma,  childhood obesity  and these are going to lead to problems it's far better to make sure those  kids  have health insurance so you can address ", "very enriched to the point that we see  kids  making these very big gains? Not nearly increasing rates of childhood asthma,  childhood obesity  and these are going to lead to problems it's far better to make sure those  kids  have health insurance so you can address ", "teriyaki or steak? And that's just from the  kids  menu. Hyatt Hotels has launched a For  Kids , By  Kids  Family Cook-Off recipe contest. The first lady famously has made combating  childhood obesity  and encouraging a healthier lifestyle one ", "realities and dangers of  childhood obesity  and get them to change it's hardly the first  childhood obesity  ad to turn into a giant used real overweight  kids  in a campaign designed to attack Georgia's  childhood obesity  epidemic, a tactic ", 'giant of trying to "trick  kids  into eating food that isn\'t big companies try to trick  kids  into eating food that isn\'t parents haven\'t taught their  kids  about healthy eating then the Hannah\'s mom broached the issue of  childhood obesity  in her question to Thompson ', "really beautiful for me now with  kids . It's going to the place the ocean and sitting with my  kids  and enjoying the beautiful the band playing music for  kids . And there was this pool where many issues for children like  childhood obesity . Domestic violence and access ", "course and there was this stage with the band playing music for kids . And there was this pool where you got these bumper boats and my kids were banging everything together -- that wanted to climb as well I I mean I -- little wet. Throwing water balloons anyway it was the best event. And then you learn when you're there and -- that that I mean I was part of the event and I -- this year and so privileged to be a party event. That is raising money not just him to continue to support a place where when it's raining or humid and hot. There's no better place to bring your kids . But also they support so many great programs. -- local social service agencies that deal with so many issues for children like childhood obesity . Domestic violence and access to special education for kids with special needs and -- -- the kids you just don't have access -- education. He's just is very special place that on this Saturday will be having the best ", 'specifics of her plan to combat  childhood obesity  in America today. Sharon lives than their parents.  Kids  like Gora a fourteen year puberty. The arteries of  overweight children  often looked like those belonging his parents who love our  kids . But as citizens who love ', 'Lady Michelle Obama rolled out the specifics of her plan to combat childhood obesity in America today. Sharon Alfonse He tells us what mrs. Obama thinks will work to solve the problem approaching a crisis. Before ', 'realities and dangers of  childhood obesity  and get them to change is hardly the first  childhood obesity  ad to turn into a giant used real overweight  kids , some called it downright people are talking about  childhood obesity  and that might just ', 'index," the uproar about a startling new ad campaign to fight childhood obesity . It shows pictures of children doctored to look obese and it\'s stirring up a lot of controversy. Abc\'s cecilia vega has that ', '"this campaign serves to educate parents on the realities and dangers of childhood obesity and get them to change their behaviors." It is hardly the first childhood obesity ad to turn into a giant controversy. The doctor says I have something called hypertension. Reporter: This camn in georgia used real overweight kids , some called it downright mean. If you use real kids you\'re going to be called fat shamers. On the other hand if you take this kid and photoshop them it\'s a no-win situation. Reporter: Other photoshopped ads have gone viral for taking too much off like this ralph lauren ad showing a stick thin model and this new york city diabetes campaign, the disease didn\'t take the man\'s leg away, computer magic did but this ad photoshopped chubbiness and all shows one thing is clear, people are talking about childhood obesity and that might just be the point. For "good morning america," cecilia vega, abc news, los angeles. Childhood obesity is a problem. Do you have children who are overweight. Why not show their pictures instead of photoshopping. As they say it\'s pointed out those kids can get shamed, as well. This doesn\'t bother me if it works. If they can show this works to stop obesity -- ', 'calling the epidemic of  childhood obesity  with an estimated one in three American  kids  considered overweight creating a task force on  childhood obesity . This Obama wants eliminate this problem of  childhood obesity  in a generation we ', 'now to -- -- what many experts are calling the epidemic of childhood obesity with an estimated one in three American kids considered overweight. -- tomorrow The New England Journal of Medicine will publish a study. That finds that obese children on more than ', "a shorter life. Span than their parents to -- one and three kids here. Overweight or obese and we're spending a 150 billion dollars a year treating obesity -- related. Illnesses so we know. This is a problem -- there's a lot at stake I am so proud and now First Lady Michelle Obama is calling for action. This morning President Obama signed a memorandum creating a task force on childhood obesity . This -- Obama wants the program this afternoon. This isn't like a disease where we're still waiting for the cure to be discovered we know the cure for this. This isn't like putting a man on the moon -- -- -- the Internet it doesn't take a stroke of genius or feat of technology. We have everything we need right now to help our kids lead healthy lives. -- -- -- the initiative is called let's move. And with the help of the federal government nonprofits in ", "approach actually provide tangible result. We want to eliminate this problem of childhood obesity in a generation we want to get that done we want our kids . To face a different and more optimistic future in terms of their lifespan and we think we can do it I'm Robin ", 'the American academy of pediatrics recommends cholesterol. Tests for  overweight children  to detect problems before partly begins. Typically recommend diet and exercise to  kids  with abnormal but in extreme cases the American heart says. Young ', 'indecent -- and the American academy of pediatrics recommends cholesterol. Tests for overweight children to detect problems before partly begins. Typically recommend diet and exercise to kids with abnormal -- but in extreme cases the American heart says. Young -- eight years old. -- mean streak with -- Staten ', 'How important to us that your children are healthy well this dropping Roberts with doctor Richard joins forces with the sleepy taking on the  childhood obesity  crisis because nothing more important than you. On ABC.', 'with doctor Richard -- joins forces with the sleepy taking on the childhood obesity crisis because nothing more important than you. On ABC. ', 'We all know the dangers of  childhood obesity  and the toll that it takes on our children our families and our country. We know the steps that we need to take to reverse the ', 'We all know the dangers of childhood obesity and the toll that it takes on our children our families and our country. We know the steps that we need to ']