["high school football team in Boston his heart story is the movies are made up. Seventeen year old Patrick as strong as  Down ' s syndrome . Its stock funds from being involved with activities Marion high school. On the student council the chorus cross country ", "-- movies are made up. Seventeen year old Patrick as strong as Down's syndrome . Its stock funds from being involved with activities -- Marion high school. On the student council the chorus cross country and on ", "And that  Down ' s syndrome  baby. She discovered a  Down ' s syndrome . a lot of a baby with  Down syndrome . The moment to have been  Down syndrome  son. When child. I had  Down ' s syndrome  I I asked my ", "the wife and mother at home with -- husband Todd. And that Down's syndrome baby. She wasn't sure if she could handle. Above the controversies and challenges that Sarah Palin has faced. None have been more personal than the surprise pregnancy of her teenaged out of this still. And her own unexpected pregnancy. With a baby that she discovered a Down's syndrome . -- a lot of bricks left overtime. Today she and her husband Todd have five children twenty year old track -- -- ", "felt. When your wife told you that you don't to have been Down syndrome son. When she told me that our child. I had Down's syndrome I I asked my side just so why not us I've found is never one to. -- that you know what anybody ", "silent condones the language Matalin will with a national  down ' s syndrome  society. It's important to say again and again. This John. It's not too late to keep people like us who has  Down syndrome . Like sack so to her you would say thank you don't ", "silent are silent condones the language Matalin will -- with a national down's syndrome society. It's important to say again and again. This is wrong. This is not fair this is not how we treat other ", "babies are born with  Down syndrome  developmental disorder routine screening for  Down syndrome  could cut the number began. In the US  Down ' s syndrome  testing is common pregnancies affected by  Down syndrome  with this medical ", "thirty cases per year after the nationwide screenings began. In the US Down's syndrome testing is common in older mothers but some ethical experts question the morality of a mass screening program. They worry it would lead more parents to terminate pregnancies affected by Down syndrome with this medical minute I'm Aaron pitchers -- ABC news New York. ", "physical contact with them. How's my boy? Reporter: Complicating matters further, taylaa's youngest child eric has  down syndrome . Their longest time apart was more than two years. Kisses with mom? A computer will have to do. You have a special needs ", "How's my boy? Reporter: Complicating matters further, taylaa's youngest child eric has down syndrome . Their longest time apart was more than two years. Kisses with mom? A computer will have to do. You have a special ", "Kyle camp has been found alive after an intensive all night search and heavily wooded areas near his home. suffers from  Down ' s syndrome  and had apparently just wandered off he was found about a hundred yards from his home reportedly happy and He was with little ", "night search and heavily wooded areas near his home. -- suffers from Down's syndrome and had apparently just wandered off he was found about a hundred yards from his home reportedly happy and -- He was ", "don't something whether she would look at it and she would say pretty. Reading you get from here. The women told us US  Down ' s syndrome . Was classic mill elementary Friday when one of her teachers cut. Her hair her assistant teacher it's costing if you ", "Reading you get from here. The women told us -- -- US Down's syndrome . Was -- classic mill -- elementary Friday when one of her teachers cut. Her hair her assistant teacher it's costing -- if ", "You may think he'd California woman this week 29 year old Karen Gaffney became the first person  Down ' s syndrome . To all the way across Lake Tahoe that's twelve miles. Gaffney has been an inspiration to thousands of families and kids with down.", "this week 29 year old Karen Gaffney became the first person -- Down's syndrome . To -- all the way across Lake Tahoe that's twelve miles. Gaffney has been an inspiration to thousands of families and kids ", "group. And acting workshop run by Syracuse University students it's for young adults with special needs most of them have  Down ' s syndrome . It's a combination of the act is. With disabilities and and they. The drama students. Who know nothing about special ", "students it's for young adults with special needs most of them have Down's syndrome . It's a combination of the act is. With disabilities and and they. The drama students. Who know nothing about special education. Brought ", "a young woman with  Down syndrome . Technically it means provided to people with  Down syndrome . To help them schedule musical show for a  Down ' s syndrome  group. performing rare for people with  Down syndrome  Carrie loved pretending ", "Those decisions created a priceless moment at a musical show for a Down's syndrome group. -- -- performing as the Phantom of the Opera brought Kerry who was unaware of what was about to happen onto ", "silent condones the language out Matalin will with a national  down ' s syndrome  society. It's important to say again and again. This John. It's not too late to keep people like us who has  Down syndrome . Like that so to her you would say thank you don't ", "are silent condones the language out Matalin will -- with a national down's syndrome society. It's important to say again and again. This is wrong. This is not fair this is not how we treat other ", "character Chris goes on a date with a woman who seems to have  Down ' s syndrome  take a look. Hey let me Begin until I'm sitting down of her brother trig saying is typical enough for people  Down ' s syndrome  is just not funny and Family Guy. Writers are heartless ", "Chris goes on a date with a woman who seems to have Down's syndrome take a look. Hey let me Begin until I'm sitting down at and comments -- -- -- -- oh goodness I'm sorry ", "of her brother trig saying -- is typical enough for people -- Down's syndrome is just not funny and Family Guy. Writers are heartless -- -- apparently the Palin family feels it's okay when Rush Limbaugh ", "son was crowned homecoming king and Eldorado high school. Something C news dream about but this nineteen year old who has  Down ' s syndrome  he was excited enough just to be voted onto the homecoming court. Ask for the best part about being king he has no doubts ", "-- C news dream about but this nineteen year old who has Down's syndrome he was excited enough just to be voted onto the homecoming court. Ask for the best part about being king he has ", "average teenager talking to her boyfriend parents' for just one more picture. These pictures. Carafe however was born with  Down syndrome  but when you ask the student to describe her they say it's something else that distinguishes the senior. He's lovable ", "for just one more picture. These pictures. Carafe however was born with Down syndrome but when you ask the student to describe her they say it's something else that distinguishes the senior. He's lovable very say ", "Are impacted by  Down syndrome  is apparently no Ricky or you can imagine  Down syndrome  groups say wait a use that word to me  Down syndrome  and never on top of looks like subtle with  Down ' s syndrome  which formed only ", "term -- many years ago despite the folks who. Are impacted by Down syndrome is apparently no Ricky try to make this argument in that was used the word -- on Twitter many times and. Even on stage He things that didn't. Meaning has changed to mean complete idiot or -- you can imagine Down syndrome groups say wait a minute is still an inappropriate words stop using at least. He even called Twitter yesterday I had used the word among but I never use that word to me Down syndrome and never -- on top of that even tweets this picture kind of simulating. A face that looks like subtle with Down's syndrome which formed only you know fanned the flames even further yours or your -- back in hot water. I think we take ", "Indiana couple wants to know why their 8-year-old daughter's shoes were covered in tape.", 'Not once. But twice. Scoring two three point shots during a basketball game for his michigan middle school. Owen has  down syndrome  and a message. On friday, the u.S. Department of education announced that public school districts must bif kids like ', 'shots during a basketball game for his michigan middle school. Owen has down syndrome and a message. On friday, the u.S. Department of education announced that public school districts must bif kids like owen, and other ', "the national  down ' s syndrome  society one is born with  Down syndrome . Prenatal procedures so far. Ford  Down syndrome  so chromosome That's called  Down syndrome . And how good one disease  Down ' s syndrome  there are tri ", "According to the national down's syndrome society one in every 691. Babies is born with Down syndrome . Prenatal procedures like amniocentesis. The screen for such genetic conditions. But many other mothers opt out of this because there are risks ", "to understand this is for. Down central -- for -- one disease Down's syndrome there are tri cities are those three chromosomes of other. One's 1618. Thirteen really does a bad bad diseases those those children ", "you're not gonna act on it for ethical religious reasons. Possibly -- Down's syndrome baby is a baby you would wanna have -- love and marriage and everything in which case. I would take the risk ", "old trig who is a  Down syndrome  baby by the way you trig who is born with  Down syndrome . No use. 90% to who learn that had  Down ' s syndrome  they didn't have were going to have a  Down syndrome  child. You said I'm ", "children the youngest is nineteen month old trig who is born with Down syndrome . No use. 90% to pregnant women who learn that -- had Down's syndrome they didn't have an abortion when you heard it. That you were going to have a Down syndrome child. You said -- I'm not sure that I can handle this. Did you think they even for a second. About aborting "]