["And  George Carlin  died of heart failure on Sunday at a Los Angeles area hospital. He material filled with drug references and he's famous routine about  seven words  you can't say on television. The He became the subject of a regulatory ", "And George Carlin died of heart failure on Sunday at a Los Angeles area hospital. He had a history of heart problems and had been admitted to the hospital earlier in the day after suffering chest -- and -- was known for his edgy provocative -- that material filled with drug references and he's famous routine about seven words you can't say on television. The -- He became the subject of a regulatory battle after a radio broadcast of the routine ", "would be better than what we've got.  George Carlin  is one of the few comedians who can which He uses language. routine called  seven words  you can never say on television got we're doing his routine about the  seven words  you can never say on television yeah ", "that the end of civilization would be better than what we've got. George Carlin is one of the few comedians who can -- not just the club but a concert hall. He says He draws on ", "funny while ago and findings of that seems super weird and that I have haven't seen before but I is Louie CK. Or you  George Carlin  is to me he's I think my favorite comedian that I like that kind of the kind of it's dramatic social commentary ", "have haven't seen before but I is -- Louie CK. Or you George Carlin is to me he's -- I think my favorite comedian that I like that kind of the kind of it's dramatic social ", "The meaning of life according to the late great  George Carlin  is finding a place to keep your stuff. We love our stuff in this country we Some of the stuff we set aside because it's been ", 'The meaning of life according to the late great George Carlin is finding a place to keep your stuff. We love our stuff in this country we -- Some of the stuff we ', "there's a lot of. Interesting things you can talk about now was happening American culture and I think you know  George Carlin  being gone there's something missing and I think at least that we have Chris Rock. Let's I think. You know people ", "talk about now was happening American culture and I think you know George Carlin being gone there's something missing and I think at least that we have Chris Rock. Let's I think. You know people are ", "gee I wish I could have found that alchemy that kind insurer. They're predicting a public gosh it was like that  George Carlin . Who's to bill morrow that but every time we start to get that edgy get kind of mean I'm not in my. Gentle humor ", "that kind insurer. They're predicting a public gosh it was like that George Carlin . Who's to bill morrow -- that -- but every time we start to get that edgy -- get kind of mean I'm ", "partnership with your doctor that is so that's so critical. Heart disease with the deaths recently of a Tim Russert and at  George Carlin  more people are just willing wanting to be aware of what's going on. With their heart that starts. so early markers ", "Heart disease with the deaths recently of a Tim Russert and at George Carlin more people are just willing wanting to be aware of what's going on. With their heart that starts. -- so early markers ", 'was a whole kind of new group of men and women coming up the ranks there was I was always a big fan of  George Carlin . And I think  George Carlin  created this whole corridor of this new emerging talent in the nominees.', 'up the ranks there was I was always a big fan of George Carlin . And I think George Carlin created this whole corridor of this new emerging talent in the nominees. ', "Isaiah dismissed one of good friends Larry Brown as the coach of the knicks and replaced him. now and I and I gather  George Carlin  said some unflattering things about and today. He has yes returned the fire as it things that I don't think I should ", "the knicks and replaced him. -- now and I and I gather George Carlin said some unflattering things about -- and today. He has yes returned the fire as it -- things that -- I don't ", 'World News: New Defense Secretary; Missing Climbers; Basketbrawl; Regifting Horror Stories', "Isaiah dismissed one of good friends Larry Brown as the coach of the knicks and replaced him. now and I and I gather  George Carlin  said some unflattering things about today. He has yes returned the fire as it were things that out I don't think ", "the knicks and replaced him. -- now and I and I gather George Carlin said some unflattering things about -- -- today. He has yes returned the fire as it were things that out I don't "]