["You see emeril is here to sweeten up our morning and the holidays. With recipes for cookies. We've been eating them. Every one of them is fantastic. Everyone in. Those are gluten-free. These are ginger. Oh, yeah. Let's make some cookies. That's not a euphemism. Bye. You're going to find out how to", 'Here with  jerry seinfeld . And another special guest, bob rossi, for the david lynch foundation. We all practice transdental meditation, until I learned ', 'Here with jerry seinfeld . And another special guest, bob rossi, for the david lynch foundation. We all practice transdental meditation, until I learned it from you ', "downhill and He says. It's all  Jerry Seinfeld 's fault ABC's Linda Davis altered state. And He does blame  Jerry Seinfeld . She's just great. Do without I absolutely do not think that  Jerry Seinfeld  show the merry draft and broke ", "the marriage wrap their marriage went downhill and He says. It's all Jerry Seinfeld's fault ABC's Linda Davis joins us. With more on this story and -- little bizarre it -- a difference -- it's not you it's me it's reality TV their marriage went from all -- -- -- on the -- faster than you can say reality -- -- -- says reality TV producers through his good marriage into an altered state. And He does blame Jerry Seinfeld . She's just great. Do without thinking of. These are the colon birds during happier times. Before highly Colin -- says there -- ", "shocker alone that hasn't really happened. I absolutely do not think that Jerry Seinfeld show the merry draft and broke up this marriage this is a couple that was having financial problems. There was clearly having ", "In today's tech a dangerous program in Apple's App Store it's the first time that's happened in the apple venue. The finding app would capture users' contacts spam them with text messages it was also available in Google's Android store. Both companies have removed it. First Internet retailer Amazon", "got bird flipping beer swilling bed at a recent it OK so instead could be taken to the central office that day she was stopped to Jerry cells lost luxury box OK I was cool with that but apparently He isn't at all and here's what He sent. This woman a jerk. High grade there. I'd say I can't believe", "quotes. At a time and yeah. Yeah. I'm all right now pop back shot this one's some fans out there. Remember how  Jerry Seinfeld 's on her girlfriend's and they were always really. Oh this is a positive return start on there was McCain There's ", "back shot this one's -- -- some fans out there. Remember how Jerry Seinfeld's on her girlfriend's -- and they were always really. Oh this is a positive return start on there was McCain -- There's ", "We'll take a look at some of our favorite moments from the set but first. I had the opportunity to talk with  Jerry Seinfeld  about the show and what it meant so let's take a list. When you look at this and I don't know how much you look ", "from the set but first. I had the opportunity to talk with Jerry Seinfeld about the show and what it meant so let's take a list. When you look at this and I don't know how ", 'you act alongside my sister-in-law, elisabeth shue. One of the scenes when you were trying out for a part with  jerry seinfeld . How great was it to work with a comedic legend like larry david? I know. I was really hard with larry because ', 'of the scenes when you were trying out for a part with jerry seinfeld . How great was it to work with a comedic legend like larry david? I know. I was really hard with larry because ', 'Oh, mamacita! "Seinfeld." I think I can sum up the show for you with one word. Nothing! That\'s exactly how  jerry seinfeld  and larry david pitched the show to the president of nbc. Well, it\'s not about nothing. No, it\'s about nothing ', "up the show for you with one word. Nothing! That's exactly how jerry seinfeld and larry david pitched the show to the president of nbc. Well, it's not about nothing. No, it's about nothing. Well, maybe ", 'michael strahan, who was the charismatic leader of the new york giants. With dozen of a-list celebrities, from  jerry seinfeld . Obviously, we\'re not prepared. Reporter: "How I met your mother" funny man, neil patrick harris. Kim kardashian ', 'leader of the new york giants. With dozen of a-list celebrities, from jerry seinfeld . Obviously, we\'re not prepared. Reporter: "How I met your mother" funny man, neil patrick harris. Kim kardashian, and crooner, josh groban, all ', "gonna be re used for lot of charity organizations or charities like baby buggy in New York City founded by wife of  Jerry Seinfeld . Where they actually request of people they donate the clothes to please wash them that we do watch them it's in ", "buggy in New York City founded by -- -- -- wife of Jerry Seinfeld . Where they actually request of people they donate the clothes to please wash them that we do watch them it's in part ", 'Island are used a radio show to interview comedians such as his future mentor Garry Shandling. And it up and coming  Jerry Seinfeld . What would success deep team. Access to everything you wanted to do what would need to be well known and to being ', 'such as his future mentor Garry Shandling. And it up and coming Jerry Seinfeld . What would success deep -- team. Access to everything you wanted to do what would need to be well known and to ', 'and once again double Bill Gates worth 57 billion dollars in the you know robot. The founder of Microsoft and now  Jerry Seinfeld  sidekick in those new windows commercials edges out Warren Buffett for the top of the list. But both down a couple ', 'dollars in the you know robot. The founder of Microsoft and now Jerry Seinfeld sidekick in those new windows commercials edges out Warren Buffett for the top of the list. But both -- -- down a ', 'which you do in the restaurant. Yes we have a great cookbook cooking a better company cookbook with a forward by  Jerry Seinfeld  one of most famous customers tract handouts have great recipes for peanuts and peanut butter. And other woman gonna ', 'a great cookbook cooking a better company cookbook with a forward by Jerry Seinfeld one of -- most famous customers tract handouts have great recipes for peanuts and peanut butter. And other woman gonna start with ']