['" Community " mastermind Dan Harmon joined on stage by former " Community " producer Chris McKenna Jeong and Gillian Jacobs.  Joel McHale , who is shooting the film sixth season." The " Community " presentation at the pop-culture ', '" Community " mastermind Dan Harmon is back at Comic-Con Harmon was also joined by former " Community " producer Chris McKenna and co-stars Brie, Ken Jeong and Gillian Jacobs.  Joel McHale  is shooting the film "Beware the Night ', "austenland-how-sony-pictures-classics-586093?AP ' COMMUNITY 'S' DAN HARMON REVEALS THE WILD STORY BEHIND HIS FIRING Sony, reveals the rape joke he regrets and details how  Joel McHale  helped him get his old job back. http://www.hollywoodreporter ", 'Vancouver this past weekend, and " The Soup " host  Joel McHale  is no exception. "It was very also stars in the NBC sitcom " Community ," which films near the "Glee said. "He would come into \' Community \' and was always wonderful to ', "Star Sightings: Kristen Wiig Parties With 'SNL' Stars; Emma Stone, Katie Holmes and more", 'York City for the Upfronts, where networks debut their fall TV line-ups, but  Joel McHale  is still finding time to have fun. On Monday night, the " Community " star had dinner with a friend at Catch in the Meatpacking District. "They joked ', 'The Big Bang Theory, Mike and Molly, Dharma and Greg, Cybill, Roseanne Eric McCormack Will and Grace  Joel McHale Community ,  The Soup  Don Mischer Producer/director. Won fifteen Emmy Awards, ten Directors Guild of America Awards for Outstanding ', 'Angeles to be with him, according to Us Weekly . Hollywood notables are tweeting their best to the actor. " Community " star  Joel McHale  wrote , "Dear @ MJMcKean , I heard the car lost. Good. So sorry about your accident. Get better quickly ', "Barrett. 'The Informant!' (Sept. 18) Director:Steven Soderbergh Stars: Matt Damon, Scott Bakula, Tony Hale,  Joel McHale  Story: The exclamation point in the title is a clue that things here are slightly askew. Matt Damon (with a potbelly ", "We are very pleased now to be joined by Mikhail he's the blasts and has hosted the entertainment hit so the suit thanks so much for joining us still. saying it is a sneak peek at some of the Steve's latest and greatest moments and as a fan of the show. I'm dying to know how you chose the greatest", "counted seven. Comedy series, nothing for parks and recs. And a strong performance for girls.  joel McHale  not getting a nomination for  community . And no jeff probst. He's been a big part of that category for years. A winner. A winner ", 'series, nothing for parks and recs. And a strong performance for girls. joel McHale not getting a nomination for community . And no jeff probst. He\'s been a big part of that category for years. A winner. A winner. And no "american idol. ']