['Smollett After playing Vince\'s football-obsessesed girlfriend, Jess Merriweather, Jurnee Smollett, 26, co-starred with  Jim Belushi  and Jerry O\'Connell in the CBS short-lived legal drama "The Defenders." The wife of musician Josiah Bell, she recently ', 'Tony Bennett 1996 - Diana Ross 1997 - ZZ Top, James Brown, the Blues Brothers featuring Dan Aykroyd, John Goodman and  James Belushi  1998 - Boyz II Men, Smokey Robinson, Martha Reeves, the Temptations, Queen Latifah 1999 - Stevie Wonder, Gloria Estefan ', 'life. Still, she weathered the attention with more grace than today\'s Britney Spears es and Lindsay Lohans. 9. When  James Belushi  mocked Elizabeth for gaining weight on " Saturday Night Live," she gave the perfect sarcastic response: "It\'s a wonder ', 'Miss Her." Paisley decided to pay her back with a cameo on the long-running ABC comedy "According to Jim," starring  Jim Belushi  with Williams playing his sister-in-law. Brad Paisley\'s H2O Tour Began Days After Nashville Flood Married in 2003 ', 'Originally played by: David Doyle Could now be played by:  Jim Belushi , John Goodman, Tracy Morgan As the face of the agency without ever coming off as a cad. "According to Jim" star  Jim Belushi  and "Roseanne" vet John Goodman, both fit the role of the ', 'That kind of development will come out of these tough times." There are already a few out there, said Tomashoff, like  Jim Belushi \'s "According to Jim" and NBC\'s "Medium." "Those families are already living paycheck to paycheck, so there\'s ', 'click here. Nov. 20, 2005 "Good Morning America\'s" Weekend Window visited Chicago with  Jim Belushi , star of "According to  Jim ."  Belushi , who grew up in Chicago, loves the city\'s skyline. He loves landmarks like the Water Tower ', 'bride dove into the arms of the groom," said Barnett, who has booked Bolton three times. "Saturday Night Live" comedian  Jim Belushi  recently went onstage with a couple\'s wedding band and sang "Soul Man." Belushi\'s appearance "sent the party into ', 'from those secret prisons to Guantanamo Bay. Among those being transferred is Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. Remember this guy? [shows picture] They, they call him the James Bond of al Qaeda. He looks more like the  James Belushi  of al Qaeda.', "neighbors went ballistic, calling it the Lake Forest Chain Saw Massacre. But fighting with neighbors isn't fun, as actor  Jim Belushi  will tell you. In Brentwood, Calif., things got so tense between Belushi and his neighbor, former Catwoman Julie Newmar ", 'like it\'s starting to catch up. A recent Miller Lite ad campaign shows a round table of guys debating "man laws." Actor  Jim Belushi  just published an advice book titled "Real Men Don\'t Apologize," and Vince Vaughn\'s lovable brute in "The Break Up ', 'Actor  Jim Belushi  is out to help guys with the book "Real Men Don\'t Apologize."', 'Jim Belushi  is back on Broadway the first time in almost twenty years He plays a corrupt tycoon who wants to take Washington by storm. Revival ', 'Jim Belushi is back on Broadway the first time in almost twenty years He plays a corrupt tycoon who wants to take Washington by ', 'claims to errant balls. This is the extreme version. Wars are nothing new from the Hatfield and the mccoys. The famous  Jim Belushi  and former catwoman Julie knew war. That raged years involving millions in lawsuits and accusations of harassment defamation ', 'Wars are nothing new from the Hatfield and the mccoys. The famous Jim Belushi and former catwoman Julie knew -- war. That raged years involving millions in lawsuits and accusations of harassment defamation and vandalism. Washington ']