['achievement Grammy Award in 2007 for his work with Booker T & The MGs. He was handpicked by Saturday Night Live stars  John Belushi  and Dan Aykroyd to play in The Blues Brothers Band and appeared as himself in the 1980 cult film. "I like to keep ', "speedball -- a heroin and cocaine concoction -- killed  John Belushi  in Chateau Marmont's Bungalow No. 3. Chris Gardner was no  John Belushi , but he did find himself ensconced in the drug-infused ", 'Radner died in 1989 after battling ovarian cancer;  John Belushi  died of a cocaine and heroin overdose in 1932. Others ignorant slut" fame) and 1980\'s "Blues Brothers" with  John Belushi . After Belushi\'s death, Aykroyd partnered with John ', '30-year-old sing-songwriter and actress is best known as the star of "Curly Sue," a 1991 John Hughes film also featuring  John Belushi  and Kelly Lynch. Porter confirmed the wedding through her Twitter account, @alisanporter , posting on Sunday "IM ', 'Michaels and Tina Fey, then the show\'s head writer, staged an intervention, telling Lohan about their experiences with  John Belushi  and Chris Farley, who both died of drug overdoses. "They sat me down, literally before I was going to do the show ', 'Michaels and Tina Fey, then the show\'s head writer, staged an intervention, telling Lohan about their experiences with  John Belushi  and Chris Farley, who both died of drug overdoses. "They sat me down, literally before I was going to do the show ', 'cause of death is unknown, pending autopsy results.  John Belushi , Chateau Marmot, Los Angeles March 5, 1982: 33-year-old comedian and actor  John Belushi  of "Saturday Night Live" and "Animal House" fame ', 'famous when he starred in "Caddyshack," having risen to prominence on "Saturday Night Live" in the 1970s alongside  John Belushi  and Dan Aykroyd. He landed his first starring film role in 1979\'s "Meatballs" before following up with a string ', 'attempt to raise money for a church-run orphanage where they grew up. All this in a movie where Jake Blues, played by  John Belushi , declares, "Jesus H. Tap-Dancing Christ! I HAVE SEEN THE LIGHT!" The Blues Brothers joins a lofty list of Vatican-acclaimed ', 'cheeseburger, cheeseburger" in bad Greek accents and then double over in laughter. That single sketch, performed by  John Belushi , Dan Aykroyd and the cast of SNL over 30 years ago, inspired a chain of restaurants and an indie band, and remains ', "There's a long list of comedians who have struggled with drug addiction. Those who died young include Sam Kinison,  John Belushi  and Chris Farley. Other comedians, including Cavett, Jim Carrey and Joan Rivers , have been open about their struggles ", 'Known primarily for her portraits of celebrities such as John Lennon,  John Belushi , and Demi Moore, photographer Anna-Lou "Annie" Leibovitz has been spending quite a bit of time at the White House in recent ', "faster than the fast lane comic  John Belushi  lived his life And he died hyped official county coroner's report.  John Belushi  is listed an autopsy records this do you call for room service.  John Belushi  was asleep breathing normally normally ", 'If there is a -- faster than the fast lane comic John Belushi lived his life -- And he died hyped up on drugs two weeks ago one person one personal loan was with him ', "his death were revealed this week in the official county coroner's report. John Belushi is listed an autopsy records this case 823036. The cold official language based on interviews and clinical tests traces his last hours ", "checked. He was or aren't -- do you call for room service. John Belushi was asleep breathing normally normally -- that point this was -- running out there. You decided to leave. Yes they do -- and other previous commitment. You return. I didn't -- return record with a but don't drive Robert John Belushi is Mercedes him -- it's now like that -- And well when I returned I. I came the same way that China ", "So when we did get to whom I can tell him he and left among a little bit too long. So he was of We did kitchen would make you think it was a detective it's important. Well he is just such a heavy hand and then his heart and moments when I think. There was no evidence of anything else to Lipton he", "Chicago's And city will release teach English to the Jim Carlson and stage she worked the same stage that launched  John Belushi  Bill Murray Tina Fey and Gilda Radner. When not look at. On purpose because it's not attacked I mean we may be more ", "Carlson and stage -- -- she worked the same stage that launched John Belushi Bill Murray Tina Fey and Gilda Radner. When -- -- not look at. On purpose because it's not attacked I mean we ", "Aruba Mystery: Is Gary Giordano Unemotional About Robyn Gardner's Disappearance?", "were capable of it he may have no remorse from as we can't tell. But you only access that remorse when it's. All  John Belushi  and on public didn't do well that's another yeah yeah that is you don't get one because music if he's not able ", "we can't tell. But you only access that remorse when it's. All John Belushi and on public didn't do well that's another -- yeah yeah that is you don't get one because music if he's not ", "and cocaine use continued most of the 1982 a street ball. Heroin and cocaine production  John Belushi  bungalow number through. Chris Gardner is no  John Belushi . But he's traveling on the same dangerous road Sunset Boulevard. Not only was drinking ", "of the -- 1982 a street ball. Heroin and cocaine production -- John Belushi bungalow number through. Chris Gardner is no John Belushi . But he's traveling on the same dangerous road Sunset Boulevard. Not only was -- drinking and -- anti drug your zipping around ", "Backstage. We have got back rooms with the downstairs kitchen all home to a young. I'd wake up and go downstairs and  John Belushi  would. He in the kitchen Underwear tied on his head and he was doing the samurai. My taken taken an exam ways and ", "all home to a young. I'd wake up and go downstairs and John Belushi would. He in the kitchen -- Underwear tied on his head and he was doing the samurai. My -- taken taken an ", "least for a moment as senior White House correspondent Jake Tapper reports. For the most famous beer hoisting since  John Belushi  Don that's hoga. This evening's king of Beers with President Obama Vice President Biden Harvard professor Henry ", "House correspondent Jake Tapper reports. For the most famous beer hoisting since John Belushi Don that's hoga. This evening's -- king of Beers with President Obama Vice President Biden Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates junior and "]