['Image Credit: Cat\'s Collection/Corbis) Actress Marilyn Monroe on the set of "The Seven Year Itch," directed by  Billy Wilder  in 1955. (Image Credit: M. Garrett/Getty Images) Marilyn Monroe smiles as she poses with fans in front of the ', 'Hot," the 1959 gem directed by  Billy Wilder  that co-starred Marilyn Monroe Curtis was a midlevel star when  Billy Wilder  cast him in \'Some Like It Hot Boulevard: The Life and Times of  Billy Wilder ," "Film Studies: An Introduction ', "in a safe. During his lifetime, Salinger turned down offers to put his books on film or on stage by such luminaries  Billy Wilder , Elia Kazan, Steven Spielberg and Harvey Weinstein. The author's wall of secrecy was pierced in 1998 when his former ", 'Titanic," and I was invited into his group. Clifton\'s friends included people like Noel Coward and Charles Brackett,  Billy Wilder \'s partner, who never got much credit from anyone, especially Billy. Charlie was a kind, well-educated, very ', 'offices and listen for the sound of typing. Legend has it when he once caught Oscar-winning director and screenwriter  Billy Wilder  napping on his couch, he barked, "I\'m paying you 10 grand a week! Why aren\'t you writing?" Wilders reply ', 'always will be the case. Audrey Hepburn is considered one of the greatest beauties of all time -- today. But when  Billy Wilder  was casting the role of Holly Golightly in "Breakfast at Tiffanys" he did not want to hire her. She was rail thin ', 'So what\'s the alternative? No one wants to die, however old they are, and as someone said to the late, great  Billy Wilder , "Who wants to be ninety-five?" "Someone who\'s ninety-four," retorted Billy. After nine years of playing that devious, loveable ', 'gangster connections hampered Raft\'s later career. Luckily, he was able to parody his mafia persona later in life in  Billy Wilder \'s "Some Like It Hot," much like Robert De Niro in "Analyze This," and Marlon Brando in "The Freshman." Capone ', 'part-comedy, part-drama loosely based on the death of Cameron\'s father. Cameron instructed his star to watch  Billy Wilder \'s "The Apartment" and George Cukor\'s "The Philadelphia Story" as a way of showing the quirky characters that ', 'on. Oscarless Directors Alfred Hitchcock: Five Directorial Nominations For "Psycho" in 1961. Winning director:  Billy Wilder  ("The Apartment") For "Rear Window" in 1955. Winning director: Elia Kazan ("On the Waterfront") For "Spellbound ', "sequel. The film starts with Halle floating and a voiceover where she says something about how she died. That's how  Billy Wilder  started Sunset Boulevard. Ten minutes later we see her die. A tidal wave of water knocks her dead. That's out of ", "sequel. The film starts with Halle floating and a voiceover where she says something about how she died. That's how  Billy Wilder  started Sunset Boulevard. Ten minutes later we see her die. A tidal wave of water knocks her dead. That's out of ", "better. I don't think Nia Vardalos knew better, though. She says she stole the idea from Shakespeare, not from  Billy Wilder . Sure, Nia, that's why the prince dies at the end. Grade C", 'success and the defiant ones which earned him an Oscar nomination. The following year he to dress with Bob Hope for  Billy Wilder  classic comedy some like it hot Tony Curtis was 85. Finally the Paris auto show opened its doors today in could be ', 'nomination. The following year he -- to dress with Bob Hope for Billy Wilder classic comedy some like it hot Tony Curtis was 85. Finally the Paris auto show opened its doors today in could be ', 'auction block in Australia. It shows are on the set of the 1959 movie some like it hot. With Tony Curtis and director  Billy Wilder  the eight millimeter film which is still in its original Kodak box. Was shot by a US naval officer. Whom Monroe had ', '1959 movie some like it hot. With -- Tony Curtis and director Billy Wilder the eight millimeter film which is still in its original Kodak box. Was shot by a US naval officer. Whom Monroe had ']