["star from what was TV's No. 1 sitcom. Sheen went on a media tour afterwards, slamming the show and its creator  Chuck Lorre . By all accounts, it was a PR nightmare. Matt Belloni, news director of The Hollywood Reporter, doesn't think ", 'of Jones. "Again, he meant to probably have it come out differently. He didn\'t want to offend [show creator]  Chuck Lorre  or any of the people from the show or be disrespectful, but I think he authentically means what he says where he finds ', "star from what was TV's No. 1 sitcom. Sheen went on a media tour afterwards, slamming the show and its creator  Chuck Lorre . By all accounts, it was a PR nightmare. Matt Belloni, news director of The Hollywood Reporter, doesn't think ", 'Men" after a public meltdown, including domestic violence charges and a testy exchange with the show\'s producer  Chuck Lorre . The former highest paid man on television was axed for "escalating erratic conduct" before landing on FX in the ', 'ABC News and People Magazine Present: "Best in TV: The Greatest TV Shows of Our Time" Hosted by Barbara Walters', 'Jimmy Smits, and producers/directors/creators Stephen Bochco, Mark Burnett, Norman Lear, Warren Littlefield,  Chuck Lorre  and Shonda Rhimes, among numerous others. While on the "Best in TV" site, television fans also have the opportunity ', 'Entertainment Christopher Lloyd Modern Family, Back to You, Frasier, The Larry Sanders Show, Wings, Golden Girls  Chuck Lorre  Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory, Mike and Molly, Dharma and Greg, Cybill, Roseanne Eric McCormack Will ', "CBS canceled the rest of the show's fourth season the following month after Sheen publicly attacked series creator  Chuck Lorre . Warner Bros. went as far as to ban Sheen from its production lot. Sheen was officially dismissed from the show in ", 'room." Sheen\'s erratic behavior and firing led to a lawsuit with CBS and a very public feud with "Men" creator  Chuck Lorre . Reports from the "Anger Management" set have been nothing but positive which is how Sheen says he wants his TV legacy ', 'hosted a bizarre online radio show, headlined a failed comedy tour, and bad-mouthed "Two and a Half Men" creator  Chuck Lorre . Social services workers also removed his young twin sons, whom he had with Brooke Mueller, from his home in March ', 'January, leading CBS to put "Two and a Half Men" on hiatus. In February, Sheen criticized the show\'s creator,  Chuck Lorre , on the radio program "Alex Jones Show." CBS then announced it had canceled the rest of the season. Sheen threatened ', 'Chuck Lorre  and Charlie Sheen in happier times. Charlie Sheen\'s bizarre departure Two and a Half Men" may feel like like so long ago, but show creator  Chuck Lorre  is still living the nightmare. "It was a painful year," he said in ', 'Oct. 18: Alaska Day; U.S. Possession of Puerto Rico; Suicide Bombing in Pakistan', 'Famous Birthdays 1926 Chuck Berry 1929 Violeta Chamorro 1935 Peter Boyle 1939 Mike Ditka 1939 Lee Harvey Oswald 1952  Chuck Lorre  1984 Freida Pinto 1987 Zac Efron 1990 Bristol Palin Jump back to Oct. 17: Day in History . View more videos from This ', 'Creator of "Two and A Half Men" breaks his silence about the show\'s former star.', "knows exactly what he's doing. Again, he meant to probably have it come out differently. He didn't want to offend  chuck lorre  or any of the people from the show or be disrespectful. But I think he means what he says when he finds, now, if ", "to probably have it come out differently. He didn't want to offend chuck lorre or any of the people from the show or be disrespectful. But I think he means what he says when he finds, "]