['resources she needed to take her vision and her talent from the internet to TV (people like Pharrell Williams and  Shonda Rhimes  ), and the talented performers and writers with which the savvy 27-year-old has surrounded herself since her web ', 'Dinner in Washington, D.C.,  Shonda Rhimes , the creator of " Scandal ," stopped to talk about the With their risky portrayals,  Rhimes  laughed and said, "I think dark and twisted ways on \' Scandal \'. I wouldn\'t want any of ', 'Modern Family," "Nashville," " Scandal " and "House of Cards" were just actress Julie Bowen said. " Scandal " creator  Shonda Rhimes  wondered about the president\'s always seems to know what to do,"  Rhimes  said.', 'ABC News and People Magazine Present: "Best in TV: The Greatest TV Shows of Our Time" Hosted by Barbara Walters', 'producers/directors/creators Stephen Bochco, Mark Burnett, Norman Lear, Warren Littlefield, Chuck Lorre and  Shonda Rhimes , among numerous others. While on the "Best in TV" site, television fans also have the opportunity to view clips ', "Gordon Criminal Minds, Private Practice,  Grey ' s Anatomy , Army Wives Valerie Harper Rhoda, The Mary Jane By Design, My Boys, Gilmore Girls  Shonda Rhimes Scandal ,  Grey ' s Anatomy , Private Practice Bob Saget Full House, How ", 'the characters would do, that they are natural and organic to the their everyday lives," says  Shonda Rhimes , creator of ABC\'s  Grey \' s Anatomy  (Dr. Karev gives blood) and Private Practice(doctors donate time at a homeless shelter ', 'hospital home to " Grey \' s Anatomy " seems to specialize expected." Show creator  Shonda Rhimes  said the decision to playing a lesbian,"  Rhimes  said in a statement issues on a drama like \' Grey \' s Anatomy .\' A lot of the country ', 'That is, unless you\'re Katherine Heigl. The " Grey \' s Anatomy " star bad-mouthed her show last week when she actress Emmy last year.) ABC and "Grey\'s" creator  Shonda Rhimes  declined to comment on Heigl\'s attack. But don\'t ', 'During his writers\'-strike-induced hiatus from " Grey \' s Anatomy ," which returns with new episodes Thursday (ABC heartbreaking departure, now that "Grey\'s" creator  Shonda Rhimes  has promised fans -- and her frustrated actors ', 'Television Network. " Grey \' s Anatomy " The award-winning shades of grey. " Grey \' s Anatomy " has established a Dane as Mark Sloan.  Shonda Rhimes  is creator and executive executive producers. " Grey \' s Anatomy " is an ABC Television ', "I speak for all the executive producers here at  Grey ' s Anatomy  when I say that Isaiah Washington's use of such a disturbing word was a shocking and dismaying event that insulted not only gays ", 'made some really great relationships. I had an amazing opportunity working with  shonda rhimes . That woman can write a word. She can. As soon as " grey \' s anatomy " came out. I said I want to be on this show or a show like this. I was able ', 'made some really great relationships. I had an amazing opportunity working with shonda rhimes . That woman can write a word. She can. As soon as "grey\'s anatomy" came out. I said I want to be on ', 'We are so happy to have the entire cast of " scandal " with us. Abc\'s hit prime time political melodrama writing is so -- we\'re so lucky to say these words that  shonda rhimes  and other other writers write. You can imagine my therapy ', "writing is so -- we're so lucky to say these words that shonda rhimes and other other writers write. You can imagine my therapy bills. I need therapy afterwards. You, my friend, over there, no, keep ", 'that? Of chewbacca and -- no, no. Let\'s talk " scandal ." Millions of fans were watching the explosive season brought to life at the live table read line for line.  Shonda rhimes  tweeting there\'s nothing like a live audience. Tweeting ', 'all have of that? Of chewbacca and -- no, no. Let\'s talk " scandal ." Millions of fans were watching the explosive season finale, a parallel finale was playing out live at the academy of television arts and sciences in north hollywood. President grant, olivia pope and all the gladiators were brought to life at the live table read line for line. Shonda rhimes tweeting there\'s nothing like a live audience. Tweeting hours nationwide and after the jaw-dropping closing minutes which I didn\'t get to stay ']