['Dec. 16. Paramount Pictures Young Adult Diablo Cody, the Oscar-winning screenwriter of "Juno," and director  Jason Reitman  reunite for "Young Adult." Star Charlize Theron is already winning raves for her performance as a teen lit writer ', 'Tucci earned a best supporting actor nomination for the film version of Alice Sebold\'s " The Lovely Bones ," and  Jason Reitman \'s "Up in the Air," an adaptation of Walter Kim\'s novel, is nominated in six categories. 8. Put the Popular ', 'as I can." Kendrick\'s performance in "Rocket Science" ultimately caught the eye of "Up in the Air" director  Jason Reitman , who wrote the Oscar-worthy role for her. Despite her Oscar nomination, Kendrick\'s Broadway friends will always ', 'The Hurt Locker") James Cameron ("Avatar")  Jason Reitman  ("Up in the Air") Quentin Tarantino ("Inglourious Camon ("The Messenger") Best Adapted Screenplay  Jason Reitman , Sheldon Turner ("Up in the Air") Nick Hornby ', 'Belloni said it\'s a three-way race between Cameron, Kathryn Bigelow , the director of "The Hurt Locker" and  Jason Reitman , the "Up in the Air" director. But Tarantino could pull off an upset win. "He\'s such a beloved figure, especially ', 'debut in 2003 in the musical comedy "Camp," but it was her role in "Twilight" that brought her fame. Director  Jason Reitman  has said he wrote the part of Natalie in "Up in the Air" with Kendrick in mind. He needed someone with the chops ', 'politicians. Petersen said it\'s like Studio 54, "They pick you, you don\'t pick them." \'Up in the Air" director  Jason Reitman , for example, was given his own membership card by American. "Somebody could fly once a year or 100 times a year ', 'that\'s an irresistible combination." The film could earn nods for co-star Anna Kendricks and writer-director  Jason Reitman  ( "Juno" ), who "has a very light touch about serious things," according to Scott. Here are some of the other ', 'lineup of more than 300 films includes offerings from such luminaries as Winfrey, Michael Moore and Canadian-born  Jason Reitman , whose Up in the Air stars Clooney as the quintessential frequent flier. Torontonian Janice Waugh typically hits ', 'lineup of more than 300 films includes offerings from such luminaries as Winfrey, Michael Moore and Canadian-born  Jason Reitman , whose Up in the Air stars Clooney as the quintessential frequent flier. Torontonian Janice Waugh typically hits ', 'It\'s not black and white anymore," said Daniel Dubiecki, whose company, Hard C, produced the film with partner  Jason Reitman  ("Juno," "Thank You for Smoking"). "This movie flips the script -- instead of the pretty cheerleader being ', 'anyone\'s performance to Amy\'s." Best Director Nominees: Julian Schnabel ("The Diving Bell and the Butterfly"),  Jason Reitman  ("Juno"), Tony Gilroy ("Michael Clayton"), Joel and Ethan Coen ("No Country for Old Men"), Paul Thomas ', 'Marianne Pearl in "A Mighty Heart," Angelina Jolie didn\'t get an Oscar nomination. The surprises who ousted them:  Jason Reitman \'s recognition for "Juno\'s" direction. A "shock," says David Poland of Movie City News. Tommy Lee Jones ', "farm and Anna Kendrick. And and beer will be with us in just a minute along with the film's writer and director  Jason Reitman . But right now let's take a look at up in the Okay you gotta fill me in on the miles and what is that about. A ", "us in just a minute along with the film's writer and director Jason Reitman . But right now let's take a look at up in the -- Okay you gotta fill me in on the miles and ", "Ellen Page.  Jason Reitman  touted quote wealth to those people that haven't seen sooner that we should start by having one of the least thing. Is this ", "Ellen Page. Jason Reitman touted quote wealth to those people that haven't seen sooner that we should start by having one of the least thing. Is ", "that whom should come which was purchased at Sundance this year and and moving towards the end of the year directed  Jason Reitman  young adult shows there and and I start work on this new pilot for CBS yeah. I'm sorry I can't see you can't ", "year and and moving towards the end of the year directed -- Jason Reitman -- young adult shows there and and I start work on this new pilot for CBS yeah. I'm sorry I can't see ", 'First what movie to see the new George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by  Jason Reitman  the director of And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters fame. Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer thinks this ', 'George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by Jason Reitman the director of -- And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters fame. Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer ', "Up in the air we're gonna bring you our review of  Jason Reitman  dramatic comedy starring George Clooney. And rap artists Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by  Jason Reitman  the director of And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters ", "Fridays. Up in the air we're gonna bring you our review of Jason Reitman -- dramatic comedy starring George Clooney. And rap artists America's best manipulators of ribbons and wrapping Paper will wow you. Way to ", 'George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by Jason Reitman the director of -- And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters -- Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer ', "forefront of people's minds we heard. It talked about on the red carpet throughout the talked quite a bit about it  Jason Reitman  during his speech for up in the air where He won best screenplay. Talked about how George Clooney would probably rather ", 'the red carpet throughout the -- talked quite a bit about it Jason Reitman during his speech for up in the air where He won best screenplay. Talked about how George Clooney would probably rather be ', 'glorious afternoon. Lee Daniels for precious. And  Jason Reitman  for up in the year I was fifty thank you. For best for in the loop. Jeffrey Fletcher for precious. And  Jason Reitman  and Sheldon turner for in the For best foreign language ', "Hurt Locker. Quinton Tarantino bring glorious afternoon. Lee Daniels for precious. And Jason Reitman for up in the year I was fifty thank you. For best original screenplay the nominees are. Mark -- couldn't Hurt Locker. ", 'And Tony roach for in the loop. Jeffrey Fletcher for precious. And Jason Reitman and Sheldon turner for -- in the -- For best foreign language film we have. An Israel and Johnny. From Argentina. -- ']