['actress: Marion Cotillard, "La Vie en Rose" Best actor: Daniel Day-Lewis, "There Will Be Blood" Best director:  Joel Coen  and Ethan Coen, "No Country for Old Men" Golden Globe winners Best picture (drama): "Atonement" Best actress ', 'Aronofsky - "Black Swan" Danny Boyle - "127 Hours"  Joel Coen  & Ethan Coen - "True Grit" Tom Hooper - "The King\'s Lasseter, Andrew Stanton and Lee Unkrich) "True Grit" -  Joel Coen  & Ethan Coen "Winter\'s Bone" - Debra Granik and Anne ', 'fallback line when American directors came calling: He simply didn\'t speak English. That\'s what he told Ethan and  Joel Coen  when they approached him about playing a stony, roaming, coin-tossing assassin in "No Country for Old Men." But ', 'screenplay and best picture honors. "What we do now doesn\'t feel that much different from what we were doing then,"  Joel Coen  said during his acceptance speech. "We\'re very thankful to all of you out there for continuing to let us play in our ', 'included Joel and Ethan Coen, who took home the director award for No Country for Old Men. "This feels great," said  Joel Coen . "We have made movies for many years, many of which have actually gotten a very warm reception, sometimes a warmer ', "directed, and starred in the film. The awards also proved to be a welcome triumph for two Americans: David Lynch and  Joel Coen , who tied for the best director prize. Coen's The Man Who Wasn't There opens this fall, while Lynch's Mulholland ", "directed, and starred in the film. The awards also proved to be a welcome triumph for two Americans: David Lynch and  Joel Coen , who tied for the best director prize. Coen's The Man Who Wasn't There opens this fall, while Lynch's Mulholland ", "directed, and starred in the film. The awards also proved to be a welcome triumph for two Americans: David Lynch and  Joel Coen , who tied for the best director prize. Coen's The Man Who Wasn't There opens this fall, while Lynch's Mulholland ", "directed, and starred in the film. The awards also proved to be a welcome triumph for two Americans: David Lynch and  Joel Coen , who tied for the best director prize. Coen's The Man Who Wasn't There opens this fall, while Lynch's Mulholland ", "directed, and starred in the film. The awards also proved to be a welcome triumph for two Americans: David Lynch and  Joel Coen , who tied for the best director prize. Coen's The Man Who Wasn't There opens this fall, while Lynch's Mulholland ", "directed, and starred in the film. The awards also proved to be a welcome triumph for two Americans: David Lynch and  Joel Coen , who tied for the best director prize. Coen's The Man Who Wasn't There opens this fall, while Lynch's Mulholland ", "movie schedules, handed out (in perfect French) the best director award to David Lynch for Mulholland Drive and to  Joel Coen  for The Man Who Wasn't There. The two directors shared the best director award. The animated film Shrek, produced ", 'we have Hampton for atonement. Sarah Polley for away from her. Ronald Harwood for the diving bell and the butterfly.  Joel Coen  and Ethan for no country for old men and Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best foreign language film ', 'away from her. Ronald Harwood for the diving bell and the butterfly. Joel Coen and Ethan -- for no country for old men and Paul Thomas Anderson for they will be blood. For best foreign language ']