['years after the  movie  first delighted adventure. Shooting the  movie  was almost as much And then he became  John Hughes \' star. I mean Candles" and "The  Breakfast Club ," but "Vacation a career. This  movie  gave me a start atmosphere they credit to  director  Harold Ramis, who ', 'There\'s a logic to it," said Dr. Thomas Glynn, the  director  of cancer science and trends at the American Cancer Society it\'s important enough to you. 3. Get Treatment Dr.  John Hughes  of the University of Vermont, who looks into the psychology ', 'is an actor, writer,  director , producer and soon-to-be has acted in dozens of  movies , including the "Scream on acting, starring in  movies  like "Van Wilder: Freshman acting career appearing in  John Hughes \' 1982 teen-sensation ', 'here\'s a sticky that launched a dozen teen  movies . Well, you can either throw a  John Hughes  film festival and then try various misbegotten to blur the lines (by letting him spring for  movie  tickets or indulging in a little "harmless" cuddling ', 'feature nominee "Coraline," and Adam Shankman,  director  of the  movie  "Hairspray," are doing everything they can to thing producers may add this year is a tribute to  director John Hughes  , instead of just including him in the montage ', 'the 1980s  John Hughes  classics The  Breakfast Club  " and "Weird low-budget  movies  and a couple million for a  movie . Demi now of those  movies . That\'s of "The  Breakfast Club " and the successful  movie  franchise particularly  director John Hughes  launched hit, "The  Breakfast Club ," alongside ', 'Jackson, Fawcett and Kennedy: Summer of 2009 Memorable for Who Failed to Survive It', 'veteran journalist Walter Cronkite, 92. In August, fans mourned the death of  director John Hughes , 59, , famous for the iconic 1980s films "The  Breakfast Club " and "Pretty in Pink." That same month, President John F. Kennedy\'s sister ', 'life of writer and  director John Hughes  , whose iconic, teen-driven Bueller\'s Day Off," "The  Breakfast Club " and "Some Kind of as they are in the  movies . For many, a heart Clyde Yancy, medical  director  of the Baylor Heart ', 'Remembering John Hughes  (1950-2009): 5 Memorable Musical Moments From His Classic Films', 'Friendships formed  director  John he is power of The  Breakfast Club . What do trillion.  Movie  maddening in another  John Hughes  film the  director  died last beauty of  John .  Hughes  says the case of The  Breakfast Club  the lesson ', "Can you believe -- employees -- -- -- since The Breakfast Club was released. I had an opportunity to speak with some of the stars the most famous Saturday -- -- -- film history and so -- one. My chat with Michael Paul -- Greenwald Alley sheeting and -- Nelson the -- star Emilio Estevez could not be with us he's filming. In Toronto. The year 1985. The setting a high school in the midwest the movie what critics have consistently called one of the best films about teenagers. Ever made. When The Breakfast Club hit theaters a quarter century ago -- -- the nation to a cast of unforgettable characters the brain. The -- the basket case the princess and the criminal -- forced the service Saturday detention together. It's very mirror -- know that you read his wardrobe. By the end of the day walls had been shattered. Friendships formed director John he is reportedly wrote the screenplay for the film and just one weekend. Basing -- on the Saturday morning detention program employed in his own high school. The movie succeeded in. And capturing the hearts and teams who readily related to the fears and struggles of the characters an -- an ", "chief regrets that they'll never have an opportunity to star in another John Hughes film the director died last summer. At the age of 59. It's it's profoundly. Shock. Me I just always assumed. That we would all work together in some way on something it wouldn't have to be a sequel. But that this same group that made that film would make another -- so that fact that one day he wasn't there anymore I was right. Consistent very. And balance the beauty of John . Hughes says the actors is that he managed to convey profound messages through humor in the case of The Breakfast Club the lesson -- were all more alike than we are different. This idea that were all connected -- that kind of instant ", "not time for part two of our  breakfast club  reunion 25 years later I sat here. In 1985 they weren't  breakfast club  the unlikely group of high school it was like filming the iconic  John Hughes movie . What are we Rapid fire question ", "back. I don't think -- belong here. In 1985 they weren't -- breakfast club the unlikely group of high school students forced to spend their Saturday morning together and attention. What a difference 25 years makes today The Breakfast -- stars are all grown up and ready to spill the secrets a little -- me. About what it was like filming the iconic John Hughes movie . What are we -- Rapid fire question best answered. Yeah yeah okay. Yeah -- I'm going yeah. -- had a great said ", "gets smacked by hackers. Stand  movie director  whose films captured the 1980s already has thousands of followers.  John Hughes  died suddenly today you've brought An eighty's and ninety's.  Movies  that defined a generation. Few ", 'American founded when the popular site gets smacked by hackers. Stand -- movie director whose films captured the 1980s. And nineties has died. Meant ABC news headquarters this is world news. Charles Gibson. Good evening you ', 'The new  movie  take me home tonight congratulations. On your  movie  you produced as well around this period  John Hughes  films and I grew up wanted to the first  movie  about the eighties people about what  movies  they like could not ', "again so good song. Cash that's and that's a -- in the movie your character work. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- And then it goes in the sun because video we want -- certain -- is pleased. But life I think there are people watching who have never bought between -- video oratory and music in a -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Fact is he's done an -- store is a little bit of lake community married talk to people about what movies they like could not anymore. No I mean I'm sure there's the equivalent of that and a chat room somewhere that. -- ", "luminous young team He  director  Ted beautiful girls with together. Meanwhile it was  John Hughes  1988. Be the great outdoors that is such a fantastic  movie . I couldn't agree more based on a work in that  movie  can you still bent on ", "an assassin in the professional. She was a luminous young team He director Ted -- beautiful girls with Tim -- wait. Wheat fat yes. I'd heat the walking -- together. Meanwhile it was John Hughes 1988. Be the great outdoors from a -- I'm -- fraught with Dan Aykroyd and John can be. That brought Annette -- ", "old self while they shop that  John Hughes  written Dennis the Menace  movie . As a child actor I can only especially if it's your first  movie  you've ever done you know have in the forthcoming independent  movie . Golf in the kingdom. Long ", "looked out for his six year old self while they shop that John Hughes written Dennis the Menace movie . As a child actor I can only work eight hours a day. But in Walters contract He could only work eight hours a day also. So that it was never my fault. At the end of the day that we had to stop what -- all the money you made it. College. I gotta tell you paid my education it's -- the money is is is a misconception I think for a lot of people especially if it's your first movie you've ever done you know have we done a sequel or or even you know three of those then you know the money might have really been -- -- but I never made that much. Now 25 He soon to graduate but still hoping to restart his acting career in the forthcoming independent movie . Golf in the kingdom. Long way from -- mr. Wilson's. Absolutely absolutely. Yeah. Allen He wasn't the first choice to play the kid in 1990 -- Jerry Maguire. But two weeks into shooting Jonathan -- -- just five years old came in to meet the movie's stars. He comes and it opens the door and unity as a big Tom Cruise smiled sunglasses on and even said. I ", "John Hughes  died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular  movies  of the 1980s. And nineties.  Movies  that defined a generation. Few ruler the Barry Manilow know ", "John Hughes died suddenly today you've brought us some of the most popular movies of the 1980s. And nineties. Movies that defined a generation. Few ruler the Barry Manilow know that you read his wardrobe. How still. News was 59. In the "]