["are joined by the movie's Oscar nominated director  Lee Daniels  to tell us about his work week thanks so much for being she's acting. She's a and she's a fantastic actress  Lee Daniels  thank you so much has been such a pleasure thank you ", "her. Today we are joined by the movie's Oscar nominated director -- Lee Daniels to tell us about his work week thanks so much for being here today it's wonderful to see you thank you for ", "to scare she's acting. She's a -- and she's a fantastic actress Lee Daniels thank you so much has been such a pleasure thank you very much news today. And of course we wish you in ", 'washington and still do, are familiar with eugene hall, that was the butler, that lived through eight presidents. And  lee daniels , director, saw a story in "the washington post" is creating the screen play. We see you with forest whitaker rightthere ', 'eugene hall, that was the butler, that lived through eight presidents. And lee daniels , director, saw a story in "the washington post" is creating the screen play. We see you with forest whitaker rightthere. My husband. ', 'directing. James Cameron for avatar. Kathryn Bigelow for the Hurt Locker. Quinton Tarantino bring glorious afternoon.  Lee Daniels  for precious. And Jason Reitman for up in the year I was fifty thank you. For best original screenplay the nominees ', 'avatar. Kathryn Bigelow for the Hurt Locker. Quinton Tarantino bring glorious afternoon. Lee Daniels for precious. And Jason Reitman for up in the year I was fifty thank you. For best original screenplay the nominees are. ', "challenging place so that people responded to it is a real tribute to your performance and makes performance and the way  Lee Daniels  put the movie together. Absolutely we're having we're gonna go along for the ride because we're at a Leon it's ", "real tribute to your performance and -- makes performance and the way Lee Daniels put the movie together. Absolutely we're having we're gonna go along for the ride because we're at a Leon it's gonna be "]