["People's Larry Hackett discusses social media support for Paula Deen after Food Network let her go.", "tonight, another blow for celebri  paula deen . The biggest store in the world I'm heartbroken. Reporter:  Paula deen  told nbc it was 30 years ago when are ending our relationship with  paula deen  enterprises. Today, caesars casinos ", "In the news tonight, another blow for celebri paula deen . The biggest store in the world, walmart, has just become the latest company to sever ties. And this, on a day deen made a plea for a second chance. Abc's steve osunsami. I want people to know who i am. Reporter: It was her most emotional and defensive moment yet. Southern cooking's most successful businesswoman breaking down into tears, trying to save her brand. I'm not an actress. I'm heartbroken. Reporter: Paula deen told nbc it was 30 years ago when she last used a racial slur. If there's anyone out there that has never ", "weren't enough, and they announced, quote, we are ending our relationship with paula deen enterprises. Today, caesars casinos left her, too, closing her restaurants. I'm so happy to be showing y'all my new stoneware. Reporter: At ", 'can move on yet. Reporter: But the sun is still shining on paula deen . Tonight, advance sales of her latest cook book are up by more than 1,000%. Steve osunsami, abc news, atlanta. ', "pretty shocking revelations from  paula deen , responding to a lawsuit by a former lawsuit with a former employee,  paula deen  is now fighting accusations that derogatory. There's a potential for  paula deen 's career to collapse like a b bad ", 'with those pretty shocking revelations from paula deen , responding to a lawsuit by a former employee, accusing the icon of using racist slurs. Reporter: She\'s written 14 best-selling cookbooks as the queen of a nearly $16 million empire. And the self-described face of southern cooking and all things butter. In an ongoing lawsuit with a former employee, paula deen is now fighting accusations that she secretly erases. In newly-released transcripts from her deposition last month, deen is asked, quote, have you ever used the "n" word yourself? Yes, of course, she says. Later, she says, I\'m sure I have but it\'s been a long time. And she suggested to an assistant that she hire middle-aged black men to dress up in jackets and bow ties for a plantation wedding. She said she didn\'t mean anything derogatory. There\'s a potential for paula deen\'s career to collapse like a b bad souffle right now. Reporter: Deen is being sued by a former employee, saying deen\'s brother racially harassed emoyees and deen knew but did nothing about it. Aside from their restaurant in savannah, they weren\'t taking it well. I don\'t like black people pot roast. And lynchen lemonade. In an statement, her attorneys say ms. Deen doesn\'t condone or find the use of racial epithetss acceptable. Her lawyers threatened to go public if deen didn\'t settle. Overnight, the food network, home to deen\'s cooking shows, says it does not tolerate any form of discrimination and will continue to monitor the situation. For "good morning america," ', "t treatment, axiron. To the case involving  paula deen  and the surprising admission that she has used a racial Already on the radio and online they're asking for  paula deen  to turn in her a upon. In her on going lawsuit with ", "t treatment, axiron. To the case involving paula deen and the surprising admission that she has used a racial slur in the past. The reaction is growing and why dean could be in hot water tonight. Reporter: Already on the radio and online they're asking for paula deen to turn in her a upon. In her on going lawsuit with a former employee, the self-described cook of all things butter ", "from the head of that food empire,  paula deen . Her tv shows, cookbooks, endorsements brand. Everybody is up in arms about  paula deen . Reporter: Late today, the food network announced it will not renew  paula deen 's contract when it expires at the ", "that rare public apology coming from the head of that food empire, paula deen . Her tv shows, cookbooks, endorsements, much of it in jeopardy tonight. She's feeling the heat tonight. Late today a bold move, dean ", "words were tough on her brand. Everybody is up in arms about paula deen . Reporter: Late today, the food network announced it will not renew paula deen's contract when it expires at the end of this month. I beg you, my children, my team, my fans, my partners, i ", 'The star chef apologized to customers after admitting in a deposition to using racist language.', "Let me chef Paula dean's attempted damage control backfiring and spectacular fashion. Dean who is one of the top stars on the Food Network posted not one but to walk poorly edited videos online apologizing for racist comments she made in the past. Moments later the network announced it won't be", 'The cooking host says she wants to "learn and grow" after using "hurtful language."', "the fast moving reaction this evening to  paula deen 's fans, they are speaking out after apology over remarks about race. Her cooking shows already off the air. This as a new ", "the fast moving reaction this evening to paula deen's fans, they are speaking out after apology over remarks about race. Her cooking shows already off the air. This as a new ", "The co-hosts debate the use of the N-word after the celebrity chef's admitted use of the racial slur", "twitter fight with a reporter. And  paula deen 's words years ago is costing her It's the nation-wide debate pitting  deen  against baldwin. She's reeling survive, but it remains to be seen if  deen  can survive her. And baldwin's ", "emerged after last year's nasty's anti-gay twitter fight with a reporter. And paula deen's words years ago is costing her millions and ruining her reputation. Good morning. . Good morning. We're used to hearing about the baldwin temper tantrums, but perhaps never in the same week that another celebrity begins losing her empire over something she said. I want to apologize to everybody. It's the nation-wide debate pitting deen against baldwin. She's reeling after losing endorsements, partnerships, and more, after admitting to use the n-word in a deception. Random house is ", "It's been a year since  Paula Deen  revealed she has type two diabetes and that she was taking steps to improve her health. Well now she is on the cover of a woman ", "It's been a year since Paula Deen revealed she has type two diabetes and that she was taking steps to improve her health. Well now she is on the ", 'good. We\'re delighted to have  paula deen , the author and star of "paula\'s Rub your meat. You heard it from  paula deen . Mix that together. And you can shortbread cookies. That\'s  paula deen . Paula, thank you, as always ', 'smells so good. We\'re delighted to have paula deen , the author and star of "paula\'s best dishes." It is well-documented that earlier this year, you were diagnosed with diabetes. Yes. You ', "just in time for this. Rub your meat. You heard it from paula deen . Mix that together. And you can store this in a plastic package and use it. So, we're going to -- and we ", "fresh whipped cream. Isn't that yummy? I'm probably -- shortbread cookies. That's paula deen . Paula, thank you, as always. And the cucumbers, the onions. Saw them. It's on every table in the south every day. Give ", "Let's get the latest on  paula deen . More fallout after her admission are ending our relationship with  paula deen , it announced. And will not be tore up its deal, too. No more  paula deen  buffet. It's in the best interests ", "Let's get the latest on paula deen . More fallout after her admission that she used racial slurs in the past. Her apologies have not stopped sponsors from dropping her. The latest, walmart and caesar's casinos. Reporter: Walmart, the largest retailer that sells her baking dishes and knife set, thinks her apology is not enough. We are ending our relationship with paula deen , it announced. And will not be placing any new orders. If there is anyone out there that has never said something that they wished they would take back, if you're out there, please pick up that stone and throw it so hard at my head that it kills me. Reporter: Caesar's casino tore up its deal, too. No more paula deen buffet. It's in the best interests of both parties to part ways. I'm so happy to show y'all my stoneware. Reporter: Kmart ", "facebook page, posting, you drop paula. And I drop walmart. The annual paula deen cruise has added a second departure. And advance sales of her latest cookbook are through the roof. About those words. The words she used in the deposition in the lawsuit against her. Paula deen says those aren't her. ", "there's a celebrity double standard as  paula deen  pays danger after admitting to using the same week that celebrity chef  paula deen  lost a reported $12.5 million twitter are comparing the two celebs.  Paula deen 's career destroyed by words she ", "water again. Some are asking if there's a celebrity double standard as paula deen pays danger after admitting to using slurs herself. Here's abc's gio benitez. Reporter: It's the latest twitter tirade from alec baldwin, this ", "Reporter: This latest tantrum happened in the same week that celebrity chef paula deen lost a reported $12.5 million worth of corporate sponsors. Following the revelation that she once used a racial slur. Just months ago, baldwin reportedly argued with a new york post photographer, using a racial epithet, and calling him a crack head and drug dealer. Baldwin denied it. Now some on twitter are comparing the two celebs. Paula deen's career destroyed by words she used 30 years ago. But alex baldwin profane rant on twitter. Alec baldwin a loveable rogue. We're ", 'baldwin, however, this happened at the same exact time  paula deen  is seeing this happen to her. Do you see a double standard standard but goes to the idea that what happened with  paula deen , again, not forgiving her use of the language, may ', "as has alec baldwin, however, this happened at the same exact time paula deen is seeing this happen to her. Do you see a double standard because hollywood has been noticeably silent. Sure, anybody would say it's a double standard but goes to the idea that what happened with paula deen , again, not forgiving her use of the language, may in some quarters seem as being kind of harsh. I think what makes ", "to the program. How are you? Good. I want to get to the book and food in just a second and ask you, though, the  paula deen  controversy involving the network, food network. Your thoughts. It's a real unfortunate situation but, you know ", "book and food in just a second and ask you, though, the paula deen controversy involving the network, food network. Your thoughts. It's a real unfortunate situation but, you know, I'm not going to comment on "]