['Star of "The Rachael Ray Show" also prepares her sweet corn soup to round out her Tex-Mex meal.', "Goes on yeah. And  Rachael Ray  is here today of the new twist on the classic classics. All those on his on we're gonna be today. Their own little free yeah ", "Goes on yeah. And Rachael Ray is here today of the new twist on the classic -- classics. All those on his -- on -- we're gonna be ", "showed five tweets during this time period on topics of wedding anniversary ideas and her upcoming appearance on the  rachael ray show . But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they post automatically. Alec baldwin used profine and racist language ", "on topics of wedding anniversary ideas and her upcoming appearance on the rachael ray show . But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they post automatically. Alec baldwin used profine and racist language. Even threatening. I'm going to ", 'All right say two words  Rachael Ray  and then you can just magazine every day with  Rachael Ray  and now as you know this New hat talk show host  Rachel ray  check your local listings everybody super chef  Rachael Ray  is here this and yes ', "All right say two words Rachael Ray and then you can just -- the blank her sixteenth cook book hits the shelves this fall she's got four top rated shows on the Food Network. -- -- editor Jim Hoover and -- -- like him right now she's -- cheaper for our magazine every day with Rachael Ray and now as you know this week. New hat talk show host Rachel ray check your local listings everybody super chef Rachael Ray is here this and yes and start -- for -- -- -- -- So great to be there for -- to be ", 'food I mean this is the food that you wrote these rescues this week but this in your home. In an episode of the  Rachael Ray show  airing later today actress Gwyneth Paltrow is taking on the growing controversy. Over a New York Times article called ', 'week but this -- in your home. In an episode of the Rachael Ray show airing later today actress Gwyneth Paltrow is taking on the growing controversy. Over a New York Times article called. I was a ', 'Rachael Ray  set out of the last searching for the best cook in America and an for recipes five finalists came here to New York to battle it out on the  Rachael Ray show  and now one woman has been named the champion she is Jim Thomas. And ', "Rachael Ray set out of the last searching for the best cook in America and an -- -- for some -- -- kits and of the country's finest restaurants but for real kitchens and homes all across and -- US today thousands. Up. Submitted recipes five finalists came here to New York to battle it out on the Rachael Ray show and now one woman has been named the champion she is Jim Thomas. And has a recipe for lasagna. To meet. -- ", "Is coming. Back you can keep that man now about 81 years old before he's making his TV return as a recurring co host on  Rachael Ray  shot OK just think so we're gonna see it now he's going to be appearing a on the show. Featuring celebrity who does that ", "before he's making his TV return as a recurring co host on Rachael Ray shot OK just think so we're gonna see it now he's going to be appearing -- a -- on the show. Featuring ", "about the scarf she has on let me put this split screen with.  Rachael Ray  and yes Yasser Arafat there's you never thought you'd here. On but I'll tell it look this is. Unfortunate for  Rachael Ray  given what she's come to symbolize for all of us now but ", "scarf she has on let me put -- this split screen with. Rachael Ray and yes Yasser Arafat there's -- -- you never thought you'd say that's called look at via. Palestinians where they have for ", "here. On but I'll tell -- it look this is. Unfortunate for Rachael Ray given what she's come to symbolize for all of us now -- but it's the thinking also though. You know that you're ", "don't what are your brand racial way. Pharmerica. Recipes plus range now. You watch every day and every day what  Rachael Ray  your magazine. Judy just got saying yeah apparently from the inside out. It's more More travel more lifestyle ", "plus -- range now. You watch every day and every day what Rachael Ray your magazine. Judy just got -- -- saying yeah apparently from the inside out. It's more -- More travel more lifestyle just ", "ideas for cheap and easy meals they'll keep your family cozy. M and really the queen a thirty minute meals as we know our  Rachael ray 's got a brand new book and it's called Rachel look and cook she joins us this morning. The talk about some of the newest ", "-- really the queen a thirty minute meals as we know our Rachael ray's got a brand new book and it's called Rachel -- look and cook she joins us this morning. The talk about some ", 'has some stars and say it esteemed. You know what though you are cool rock to included and famous booty is such as when it  Rachel ray  are crying foul yeah I said it. But they are also fighting back. On the covers there familiar faces of our favorite celebrity ', '-- included and famous booty is such as when it -- -- Rachel ray are crying foul yeah I said it. But they are also fighting back. On the covers there -- familiar faces of our ', "undercutting the hunt them. the exact that we judging me he's like he probably shot Datsyuk this crew and we those are  Rachael Ray  possibly as saying they were. And yet they all I think you look at it and get that we. And I got everybody that Maxwell ", "he's like he probably shot Datsyuk this crew and we those are Rachael Ray possibly as saying they were. And yet they all I think you look at it and get -- -- that we. And ", "zachary maxwell is here with us. Good to meet you, zachary. I know your dad, just saw him over that way. Got to meet  rachael ray , morgan spurlock. What's it like to see your film on the big screen like that. Well, I think it's a lot more cooler ", "know your dad, just saw him over that way. Got to meet rachael ray , morgan spurlock. What's it like to see your film on the big screen like that. Well, I think it's a lot more ", "friend  Rachel ray  has reinvented dinner with thirty minute meals that the family can enjoy that she is an action now she's in revamping Kinney ", "-- friend Rachel ray has reinvented dinner with thirty minute meals that the family can enjoy that she is an action now she's in revamping Kinney ", "isn't hard to keep those kind of thing. It's. And you the Davis Yeah she has made tonight guys behind. And do you like  Rachel ray 's first menu item. If this is a it is. I want that one. Tyco paid with all kinds of healthy stock from beans and broccoli ", "-- Yeah she has made tonight guys behind. And do you like Rachel ray's first menu item. If this is a -- it is. I want that one. Tyco paid with all kinds of healthy stock ", "Congratulations to one of our best GMA friends today  Rachael Ray  she is here to celebrate. 1000. And. Know incredible writing I sixty years making. yes that's right and I you know we were ", "Congratulations to one of our best GMA friends today Rachael Ray she is here to celebrate. 1000. And. Know incredible writing I -- sixty years -- -- making. -- -- -- yes that's ", "realized she had a heart attack. Her coronary artery was 99% blocked. I love rosary. I met her back stage at the  rachael ray show  when I was on. She's bigger than life. She's not a small girl. I think she'll see this as an open door to ", "99% blocked. I love rosary. I met her back stage at the rachael ray show when I was on. She's bigger than life. She's not a small girl. I think she'll see this as an open door ", "Get ready for a fall feast. Our wonderful friend  rachael ray  is sheer just hours before her show kicks off for your seventh season today? I'm excited. It's the first show, a brand-new ", "Get ready for a fall feast. Our wonderful friend rachael ray is sheer just hours before her show kicks off for your seventh season today? I'm excited. It's the first show, a brand-new ", 'Stars of Food Network\'s "Celebrity Cook Off" go head-to-head, answering popular cooking queries.']