['Mother." Hannigan married her "Buffy" co-star, Alexis Denisof, in 2003 and they have two children.  Shannon Elizabeth Shannon Elizabeth  became a sex symbol for her role as the randy exchange student, Nadia, in the "American Pie" films ', 'Last year, he outlasted 90 players to capture the California State Poker Championship and pick up $356,400.  Shannon Elizabeth  Elizabeth, best known for her role in "American Pie," turned heads at the 2007 NBC National Heads-Up Championship ', "different taste. I looked around at my competition --  Shannon Elizabeth  (actress with never-ending legs), Marlee Matlin that barely covered my rear. I'd seen how hot  Shannon Elizabeth 's outfit had been and I knew I had to sex it up ", 'Presley will be: skater and gold medalist Kristi Yamaguchi; tennis great Monica Seles; "American Pie" actress  Shannon Elizabeth ; 1986 Academy Award winning actress Marlee Matlin; and Tony-award winning Marissa Jaret Winokur. Representing ', 'Dancing With the Stars\'" Derek Hough didn\'t get to shimmy on Tuesday night\'s show. The pro dancer paired with  Shannon Elizabeth  this season was taken away from the set in an ambulance during rehearsals Tuesday, according to E! News. Hough ', 'Jennifer Tilly, who won the women\'s championship last year and will be competing again. "American Pie" beauty  Shannon Elizabeth  will also ante up. "The atmosphere is crazy and exhilarating," she said. Amateurs Look to Catch Lightning in ', 'Ghosts also scored an impressive opening. Despite minimal marquee muscle (Matthew Lillard, Tony Shalhoub, and  Shannon Elizabeth  share top billing) and a host of critical brickbats, the ghoulish thriller hauled in approximately $15.7 million ', 'American Pie hottie  Shannon Elizabeth  joins several other celebrities in taping public service announcements designed to prevent hate crimes against Arab-Americans ', 'Ghosts also scored an impressive opening. Despite minimal marquee muscle (Matthew Lillard, Tony Shalhoub, and  Shannon Elizabeth  share top billing) and a host of critical brickbats, the ghoulish thriller hauled in approximately $15.7 million ', 'American Pie hottie  Shannon Elizabeth  joins several other celebrities in taping public service announcements designed to prevent hate crimes against Arab-Americans ', 'Ghosts also scored an impressive opening. Despite minimal marquee muscle (Matthew Lillard, Tony Shalhoub, and  Shannon Elizabeth  share top billing) and a host of critical brickbats, the ghoulish thriller hauled in approximately $15.7 million ', 'American Pie hottie  Shannon Elizabeth  joins several other celebrities in taping public service announcements designed to prevent hate crimes against Arab-Americans ', "American reunion. Arrives in theaters April 6 and  Shannon Elizabeth  plays one of the most. Unforgettable characters Absolutely we'll continue his success to you  Shannon Elizabeth . American reunion comes out April 6 yes that's ", "laugh and relate to American reunion. Arrives in theaters April 6 and Shannon Elizabeth plays one of the most. Unforgettable characters for exchange student audience she joins us now. You've got a very busy schedules of ", "you've seen are doing absolutely. Absolutely we'll continue his success to you Shannon Elizabeth . American reunion comes out April 6 yes that's the luck thank you very much. ", "It was a very dramatically on the and injuries we had intrigue. People got off  Shannon Elizabeth  and And homes receiving as well. They join us this morning that's consolation prize to get to get a nice generally with us from ", "dramatically on the -- and injuries we had intrigue. People got off Shannon Elizabeth and -- -- And homes receiving -- as well. They join us this morning that's -- consolation prize to get to get ", "everybody who's coming up I'll really got Monica Seles and they say that they're going. Flying by we have.  Shannon Elizabeth  she won an accounting rule of 86 each other novelists are Scott actress Marlee Matlin. Tony award winning actress ", "Monica Seles and they say that they're going. Flying by we have. Shannon Elizabeth she won an accounting rule of 86 -- each other novelists are Scott actress Marlee Matlin. Tony award winning actress from probably ", "that's really one of the reasons why decided to do the show me stay on the and actresses Priscilla Presley and  Shannon Elizabeth . A Tony award winner Marissa Jaret Winokur. Oscar winner Marlee Matlin. Fabian Sanchez is the newest on our show ", 'the show me stay on the -- and actresses Priscilla Presley and Shannon Elizabeth . A Tony award winner Marissa Jaret Winokur. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Oscar winner Marlee Matlin. Fabian Sanchez is ', "Shannon Elizabeth  won't be shedding any more tears over Dancing With The Stars. The thanks so much for joining us thanks for having me. So it was bye for  Shannon Elizabeth  was this is surprised. You know really wasn't a surprise she's ", "Shannon Elizabeth won't be shedding any more tears over Dancing With The Stars. The 34 year old actress was eliminated on last night's show but that's not -- an injury naked in the way for one contestant Kristy on date of Wednesday. -- ruptured a tendon in his bias that He reportedly needs surgery to repair it so a lot of drama on dancing with the stars and for more on this. The -- be joined by ABC news entertainment producer Sheila -- Sheila thanks so much for joining us thanks for having me. So it was bye -- for Shannon Elizabeth was this is surprised. You know really wasn't a surprise she's been called awkward and cocky by the judges and -- -- "]