['Rep .  Bart Stupak  gives the inside story behind White House abortion agreement that changed his health care vote', 'Rep. Paul Ryan, the Republican vice presidential nominee in 2012 and an abortion opponent, said Thursday that anti-abortion activists should try to build a broad coa...', "It's not like he wasn't warned.As President Barack Obama considered a decision on birth control that would turn into an unexpected political nightmare, he heard it f...", "The House on Thursday returned to an abortion issue that nearly sank President Barack Obama's health care law last year with legislation that bars an insurance plan ...", "Martha Stewart can run, but she can't hide -- especially from congressional oversight committee members bent on wringing any info from her that she might have on the...", ' Democratic Congressman Bart Stupak : Health Care Hero or Villain ? Friday , March 05 , 2010 Print FNC Rep . Bart Stupak Rep . Bart Stupak This is a rush transcript ...', 'WASHINGTON -- The Obama administration is looking at creating a courtroom-within-a-prison complex in the U.S. to house suspected terrorists, combining military and c...', "Toyota executives face tough questioning Tuesday at the first congressional hearing on the Japanese automaker's sudden acceleration problems and the company's handli...", "What would Teddy do?Few U.S. senators took stronger positions on universal health care and a woman's right to have an abortion than the late Sen. Edward Kennedy .Now...", 'White House Senior Adviser David Axelrod suggested Sunday that President Obama will intervene to make sure a controversial amendment restricting federal funding for ...', 'With the outcome of the Massachusetts special election weighing heavily on the Senate, Democratic leaders are being forced to consider "what if" scenarios to respond...', 'WASHINGTON -- Toyota Motor Corp. said Friday it was recalling 600,000 Sienna minivans sold in the United States to address potential rusting spare tire cables that c...', '[fnvideo 4284350]The following is a rush transcript of the July 16, 2010, edition of "Special Report With Bret Baier." This copy may not be in its final form and may...', "Rhonda Smith's story of six miles of interstate terror, as her Lexus suddenly zoomed to 100 miles per hour, will set the mood Tuesday for the first congressional hea...", 'Calling it a top priority of the Republican agenda, House Speaker John Boehner on Thursday gave a top designation to a bill introduced by New Jersey Rep. Chris Smith...', "'Special Report' Panel on Fort Hood Memorial; Abortion as Sticking Point in Health Care Reform", 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Bret Baier" from November 10, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PRE...']