["'Snooki' lends a hand to help her fellow New Jersey residents impacted by Hurricane Sandy.", "Jersey Shore  ground breaking for so many reasons breakout stars of MTV's hit reality show  Jersey Shore . Adopted at birth by Italian American So please welcome the queen of the  Jersey Shore  and Nicole Smith keep public see may ", "Jersey Shore ground breaking for so many reasons that we can't setting on morning TV but here's one that we can mention. This season ", "Has become one of the breakout stars of MTV's hit reality show Jersey Shore . Adopted at birth by Italian American families from Marlborough New York. His 23 year old reality phenomenon. Has launched herself into. World ", "the law. He's here just. So please welcome the queen of the Jersey Shore and Nicole Smith keep public see may well again GM I -- give everybody is it really huge crowd here to seeing ", 'heat index."  Snooki \'s transformation member of "the  jersey shore ." Now, she reality scene on " jersey shore ," four years ago.  Nicole polizzi \'s star has her show, " snooki  and j. Wow like where did  snooki  go?  Snooki \'s ', 'now, burning up "the heat index." Snooki\'s transformation. She got famous as a hard-partying cast member of "the jersey shore ." Now, she has a new look. Dropping weight, her nickname and drinking. All of the bathrooms were taken. Reporter: Ever since she exploded on the tv reality scene on " jersey shore ," four years ago. Nicole polizzi\'s star has been on the rise. Now, 25. The pint-sized media mogul, who is about to begin start filming the new season of her show, " snooki and j. Wow" is embracing a new passion, fitness. How much have you lost? Probably 50 pounds. It took months to see ', "I eat a lot of chicken and vegetables. It's like where did snooki go? Snooki's gone. Nicole's here. Reporter: Did you have plastic surgery? Absolutely nop president I've never been under the knife. I never had anesthesia. ", 'issue of us weekly the star  Jersey Shore  is speaking out for the Chris. Good morning George  Snooki  is having a baby. And fans of  Jersey Shore  may be having a cow what once. When the only thing  Nicole Snooki  pollutes the expecting it ', "fitting by the reality star. Am I nor -- -- fitness fun. Snooki told us she's sorry about all that line but wanted to play it safe by waiting until she was three months a long before getting word out. She says she's sworn off caffeine and alcohol but admits -- some -- in Las Vegas just days before her positive tests. She freaked out because she did go out. And party quite a bit on New Year's -- but obviously those days are now over for her while she prepares for -- Buffy is currently shooting a Jersey Shore spinoff with jwoww says he says her larger than life -- won't be living in the Jersey Shore house next summer. -- she says she may visit. And -- for kicking it at a club while pregnant -- yes -- calls that behavior disgusting. Remind us what universe is. This and classic smokey bash at the way she described her morning sickness -- she sat. Feel really hung over that's more like it. What will happen to the ratings monster that is Jersey sure not -- Snooki on the Jersey Shore on. He'll be a real challenge -- MTV. She is a big reason why people -- And so if it seems as if so much has changed about Snooki in a very short time at least one thing remains the same. -- she put it last summer why do you think ", "can't exactly aliens they have it's good times expunge our anti have fun to all right we in the new show everybody  Snooki  and jwoww. It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good yesterday he congratulations and I don't ", "fun to all right we -- -- in the new show everybody Snooki and jwoww. It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good -- yesterday he congratulations and I don't all the ", "fast lane may be over  Jersey Shore  star  Nicole Snooki  But that doesn't the beach that's  Jersey Shore  star that holds the raising a ruckus and  Jersey Shore  after the series then season of the spin off  Snooki  and she and fiance ", "life in the all night party fast lane may be over -- Jersey Shore star Nicole Snooki -- But that doesn't mean she's slowing down juggling motherhood. And red hot career this reality TV queen sits down with -- ABC's Chris -- to discuss her long road to fame. And how she plans to stand on top. Look who's ready to get back on the beach that's Jersey Shore star that holds the people -- Let us weekly cover -- having dropped 42. Just six months after giving birth to her ", "the new normal. Coming after six seasons of raising a ruckus and Jersey Shore after the series then. -- sandy devastated and sure last year. She aided by fundraising effort now what she awaits a possible third season of the spin off Snooki and she and fiance Giuliani Le -- are living in his parents' basement. Not that -- it turns out. From where this ", 'WELCOME BACK. IN HER NEW SHOW,  SNOOKI  AND J-WOWW, PLEASE WELCOME YOUR PARTNER IN CRIME HERE,  SNOOKI  WAS SUPPOSED TO BE WITH US THIS A LIFE SIZE RECREATION OF  SNOOKI ? IT IS. IS SHE THAT TALL THE FAMOUS SCENES FROM THE " JERSEY SHORE " IS JUST GOING CRAZED. YOU\'LL ', 'HEY, WELCOME BACK. IN HER NEW SHOW, SNOOKI AND J-WOWW, PLEASE WELCOME JENNY "J-WOWW." . THANK YOU FOR BRINGING YOUR FRIEND. YOU CAN\'T BARE TO BE APART. I CAN\'T. WE WERE SUPPOSED TO HAVE YOUR PARTNER IN CRIME HERE, SNOOKI WAS SUPPOSED TO BE WITH US TODAY. HOWEVER, SHE\'S REALLY NOT FEELING WELL. SHE\'S REALLY PREGNANT. SHE\'S REALLY, REALLY GETTING CLOSE. HOW ', 'OF ICE CREAM. AND MOVIE. IS THIS A LIFE SIZE RECREATION OF SNOOKI ? IT IS. IS SHE THAT TALL? SHE\'S 4\'8", 4\'9" THIS, IS HER, THIS IS MY BOO. HOW IS THAT -- PREGNANCY AFFECTING ', "Things are getting very dramatic and Miami tonight.  Snooki  boyfriend from back home called to no he had sex with another for me to figure out but. Here's what happened when  Snooki  and Amelio made the big mistake of talking to each other ", "Things are getting very dramatic and Miami tonight. Snooki boyfriend from back home called to -- -- no he had sex with another girl she was not happy about it despite the fact that last week. She it seemed she had sex with one of the guys in the house that the rules of the show -- very hard for me to figure out but. Here's what happened when Snooki and Amelio made the big mistake of talking to each other on the phone. They. Want to remind me. -- It's. A. ", 'Now, to the cast of " jersey shore ." Here in times square them all, the cast minus  snooki , who is home. Jwoww How do you feel about " jersey shore " ending? It\'s bittersweet. " Jersey shore " changed my life, in ', 'Now, to the cast of " jersey shore ." Here in times square. This season, we learn that it will be the last season in seaside heights. So many changes to discuss. And here to talk about them all, the cast minus snooki , who is home. Jwoww, you have your show with nicole. How do you feel about " jersey shore " ending? It\'s bittersweet. " Jersey shore " changed my life, in the fact that -- and nicole\'s. We found our fiances and future husbands. I owe my future to " jersey shore ." That ring, very impressive. When\'s the wedding? I don\'t know. Hopefully next year. And mike, the situation. We have to say the ', 'Looks like  Snooki  is working on her own  Jersey Shore  spin off. The pint size reality star is reportedly pregnant. The New York Post says snow three months pregnant with their first ', 'Looks like Snooki is working on her own -- Jersey Shore spin off. The pint size reality star is reportedly pregnant. The New York Post says snow -- -- -- three months pregnant ', 'to be. Reporter: The " snooki  and jwoww" series revealed jionni, shows that for  nicole  " snooki "  polizzi , there\'s life after " jersey shore ." Instead of me, like sale. I actually made baby  snooki  slippers. So babies can ', 'Look who hopes to follow that from-here-to-maternity business model, reality tv star snooki . I\'m pregnant. You ready for this? Reporter: When you describe what you are or what you do for a living, what words do you use? I\'m a certified nut job. Or an entertainer. But, I\'m not that party girl, like I used to be. Reporter: The " snooki and jwoww" series revealed this week that transition can be a little painful. You\'re doing great. A little more, a little more. Yay, a boy! Reporter: But her baby lorenzo, with her fiance, jionni, shows that for nicole " snooki " polizzi , there\'s life after " jersey shore ." Instead of me, like, thinking what club am I going to go to drink, I\'m more like, okay, "what am I going to put lorenzo in tonight?" Like, what kind of jammies is he gonna wear? Reporter: His mother\'s line. As she puts some branded baby gear on sale. I actually made baby snooki slippers. So babies can have their little slippers and then baby blankets I have. I started with the animal prints and then ', "what ever and every other. I'm in trouble when hear it and get it all right let's move on to win the pint size star of  Jersey Shore  we're talking about that He or Business in the beliefs yet because first ago by her real name well in other cast is in ", "all right let's move on to win the pint size star of Jersey Shore -- we're talking about that He or -- Business in the -- beliefs yet because first ago by her real name -- ", "Wedding Bells for Snooki  and Jionni? 'Jersey Shore' Star Opens Up on Relationship", "Snooki  from the Jersey everyone's favorite ten months get in the world. Yes the New York Post is reporting and stoking could be getting ", "Snooki from the Jersey -- everyone's favorite ten months get in the world. Yes the New York Post is reporting and stoking -- could be getting sued for a -- seven than a million bucks. That's because apparently a merchandising deal has gone wrong Weaver who see the star in Hollywood a lot here there was some agreement jail of the company. And she said that you weren't they weren't fulfilling their side of the bargain and they -- you pulled out of the deal -- now they're going after her for seven million bucks. And -- you sit there in the meeting wolf because she had that much money. -- -- I don't get that same joy about these kids -- there of -- there. Money ", "Add a note if your  Jersey Shore  and you probably are as well. It going to recast hit reality show  Jersey Shore  after the fifth season. Before the situation right here. He's  Jersey Shore  as we know coming to an an an insider ", "Add a note if your Jersey Shore and -- you probably are as well. It could Davidson east fifteen minutes of fame are up there are reports this morning and TV is going to recast -- hit reality show Jersey Shore after the fifth season. Before you freak out though the network is denying that He recasting rumors are true. ABC's Lindsey Davis has this update. Could be that soon they'll be no -- -- stumbling. Or Jay wells on this. The situation and doing well fixes is the situation right here. He's Jersey Shore as we know coming to an an an insider for the show tells us magazine that they're looking to shake up the ", "world of reality television,  snooki  is a mom, giving birth to abc's john muller. Reporter:  Snooki . Known for overdrinking since announcing the pregnancy  snooki 's last four months of pregnancy featured on the next season of  jersey shore  star in october. The world ", 'transformation for the new mom. Who\'s behaved herself since announcing the pregnancy snooki\'s last four months of pregnancy will be featured on the next season of jersey shore star in october. The world just got another guido. For "good morning america," john muller, abc news, new york. A from all ', "what's ahead for this  Jersey Shore  star including why fast lane may be over  Jersey Shore  star  Nicole Snooki  But that doesn't the beach that's  Jersey Shore  star the colts Pulitzer season of the spin off  Snooki  and she and fiance ", "wait hours and MTV wild child find out what's ahead for this Jersey Shore star including why she's slimming down. And straightening. Well life in the all night party fast lane may be over -- Jersey Shore star Nicole Snooki -- But that doesn't mean she's slowing down juggling motherhood. And the red hot career this reality TV queen sits down with -- ABC's Chris -- to discuss her long road to fame. And how she plans to stand on top. Look who's ready to get back on the beach that's Jersey Shore star the colts -- Pulitzer. -- -- weekly cover -- having dropped 42. Just six months after giving birth to her first ", "the new normal. Coming after six seasons and raising a ruckus and Jersey Shore after the series then. -- sandy devastated and -- last year she aided by fundraising efforts. Now what she awaits a possible third season of the spin off Snooki and she and fiance Giuliani Le -- are living in his parents' basement. Not that far it turns out from where this ", 'a brand selling products this is my red nail -- under the Snooki -- The study -- Nissan prayers in Miami in the company approached me and think they want me to my own clients ', "Have you seen this new reality show called the  Jersey Shore  on MTV it's sort of what everyone is talking about needed tag line according to them. It's the hottest tennis craziest Guido ", "Have you seen this new reality show called the Jersey Shore on MTV it's sort of what everyone is talking about -- needed tag line according to them. It's the hottest tennis craziest "]