['The Social Climber: Marion Bartoli Victorious Over Sabine Lisicki in 2013 Wimbledon', "recommended wearing dust masks, covering water supplies and staying indoors. Italian Icon  Sophia Loren 's Return to Film Iconic Italian actress  Sophia Loren  said she will return to the silver screen for her first film in over a decade. Loren ", 'Taylor and Richard Burton, Ischia, Italy, 1962 Gary Cooper, 1960 John F. Kennedy Jr., George magazine, 1996  Sophia Loren , "Vogue" magazine, 1962 Allegra Kent, circa 1960 Monique Chevalier with Kenneth, "Vogue" magazine, 1962 The ', 'Language Film, Life Is Beautiful After walking over chairs and expressing his love for presenter and fellow Italian  Sophia Loren , Benigni tried to express what he was feeling: "I would like to be Jupiter! And kidnap everybody and lie down in ', 'it. At one point, Liz convinces the director of "The V.I.P.s" to cast her in the movie with Burton and boot  Sophia Loren . Her logic: though he\'ll spend more money on her fee, he can fire his PR team, because who needs publicity flacks ', "Foulkes, pink-wearing woman in T-Mobile commercials * Carla Bruni, wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy *  Sophia Loren , actress * Eva Mendes, actress * Emma Watson, actress * Jennifer Aniston, actress * Sofia Vergara, actress Stone's ", "if you had to host celebrities at your table, who would you invite? Kardashian: Audrey Hepburn , Marilyn Monroe ,  Sophia Loren , Jennifer Lopez -- I'm having a girl's dinner. This is a girl's dinner. ABCNews.com: With lots of gossip ", "Through the '80s and '90s, she played host to a bevy of film world legends, Elizabeth Taylor, Audrey Hepburn,  Sophia Loren , Anthony Hopkins and Steven Spielberg. Walters also welcomed bold face names from other public spheres into her Oscar ", 'Cynthia McFadden led the actors --  Sophia Loren , Daniel Day-Lewis, Penelope McFadden: Yes. So would he approve?  Sophia Loren : I think he would, yes, of course call. McFadden: Was it? Was  Sophia Loren  the first call? Marshall: Of ', 'Rob Marshall said it wasn\'t. He started with one phone call, to perhaps the movie\'s most famous actress of all:  Sophia Loren . "My heart was beating out of my shirt," Marshall said. Like his acclaimed film from 2002, " Chicago ," "Nine ', 'photos from state dinners through the years. Previous guests have included Margaret Thatcher, Princess Diana, and  Sophia Loren . Click HERE to see their photos as well as many more.', 'there. They were making these great films and I wanted to be a part of it. I worked for Vittorio De Sica and with  Sophia Loren . It all worked for me. It was a continual surprise. Every corner you go around is just unbelievable. You go around ', "preferred to entertain world leaders and the occasional celebrity. Among those known to have been guests on the islands are  Sophia Loren , Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton. 2. Formentera, Spain Just four miles off the coast of Spain's party island ", "I remember seeing first time she. And you can tell she just takes everything and you just can't get out of her I mean there's so phenomenal. And looking in them and us putting on make up one name Mir because I don't have ever. Really do that and in real life I'm I'm really bad at putting a face on."]