['Stacy Keibler  says reports suggesting she ended her relationship with the notorious Keibler, 33, said today on " Good Morning America ." Click Here for  Stacy Keibler \'s Beauty and Body Secrets "I\'m I think a little bit different than ', 'Vespa/Getty Images) Some women might think that breaking up with George Clooney would be a traumatic event, but not  Stacy Keibler . The host of the new Lifetime series "Supermarket Superstar" seemed breezy when asked in a new interview about the ', 'credit: Jeff Vespa/Getty Images) George Clooney and  Stacy Keibler  have split, a source tells ABC News. The former couple Representatives for the couple declined to comment.  Stacy Keibler  shares her diet and fitness secrets', 'Stacy Keibler  is famous for her long, lean legs and her Hollywood A-lister boyfriend, George Clooney. In the latest issue of NewBeauty magazine ', "list of beautiful, young women in Hollywood so it wasn't a surprise that he fell for 5-foot-11 blonde beauty  Stacy Keibler  in 2011. Clooney's sister, Adelia Zeidler, told the New York Daily News late last year that her 51-year-old ", 'with Gerber walking in on the 51-year-old actor in bed with Crawford. Then Clooney walks in on his girlfriend  Stacy Keibler  in bed with the supermodel. The ad ends with Crawford walking in on Clooney and Gerber between the sheets. SEE MORE ', "Maria Menounos' typical daily menu contains just 1,000 calories, while George Clooney's girlfriend, wrestler  Stacy Keibler , 32, has about 1,200 calories a day. And some of the hottest bodies on the beach belong to new mothers. After ", "the capital city last month advocating for U.S. aid in Sudan. Clooney, along with girlfriend-of-the-moment  Stacy Keibler  , will join director Stephen Spielberg and his wife, actress Kate Capshaw , at Time's table, The Hill reported ", "the capital city last month advocating for U.S. aid in Sudan. Clooney, along with girlfriend-of-the-moment  Stacy Keibler  , will join director Stephen Spielberg and his wife, actress Kate Capshaw , at Time's table, The Hill reported ", "George Clooney's girlfriend sharing a red carpet with the Kardashian clan. QVC's annual pre-Oscar bash brought  Stacy Keibler  and Kim Kardashian shoulder to shoulder along with the likes of Nicole Richie, Lisa Rinna, Emily VanCamp, Eric Stonestreet ", "few months after his separation from Mills and her separation from her husband, Bruce Blakeman. George Clooney and  Stacy Keibler  No wonder Clooney always seems so full of life: He's perpetually attached to a pretty young thing. The Oscar-winner's ", "All right latest celebrity to tell you about George Clooney and Stacy Keebler had called its really George Clooney just one of those guys is that the site. Diehard and he will be a bachelor for ever he's 52 she's 33. And they have caller good deal And captain. No matter what she's asking if our. So", 'janis checked it out. Reporter: Famous for her skyscraper legs, dance moves and her beau, george clooney and now  stacy keibler  is sharing her secrets. I try to eat a lot of organic vegetables and fruits. Reporter: The former "dancing with ', 'her skyscraper legs, dance moves and her beau, george clooney and now stacy keibler is sharing her secrets. I try to eat a lot of organic vegetables and fruits. Reporter: The former "dancing with the stars" ', "this one. Sorry. Sorry. Apologies. I'm so sorry. That's okay. Okay. Ut. Like a walnut. Very good. Okay. One last one. One last one. Right there. On the fork? Yes. Cantaloupe. Yes.  Stacy keibler . The show -- fantastic.", 'one. One last one. Right there. On the fork? Yes. Cantaloupe. Yes. Stacy keibler . The show -- fantastic. ', "split WERE HEARD JULY 4th, WHEN Clooney was watching fireworks in italy. While this photo, posted to instagram shows  stacy keibler  with a mystery man in malibu. The last photographed together in march. Clooney's been a busy bachelor over the ", "was watching fireworks in italy. While this photo, posted to instagram shows stacy keibler with a mystery man in malibu. The last photographed together in march. Clooney's been a busy bachelor over the years. In 1984, ", "Competition is heating up for the new season of Dancing With The Stars in. Somebody who helped us get ready for Dancing With The Stars Stacy Keebler vote their. yeah. This could stand over here when she's here those legs Know of the tallest girl didn't learn how to get a little. So as as you went", 'nominated for honey boo-boo. A lot of people were there. It was a special night. While we were at the glaad awards,  stacy keibler  and george clooney shot down rumors that they had broken up. They were joined by matt damon. George with facial hair ', 'It was a special night. While we were at the glaad awards, stacy keibler and george clooney shot down rumors that they had broken up. They were joined by matt damon. George with facial hair for ', "Celebrity stylist brad goreski is the man behind several of this year's red carpet looks. Look at  stacy keibler . Look at her. She has brad to thanks for that look. When he's not dressing a-listers, he's starring in his own reality ", "the man behind several of this year's red carpet looks. Look at stacy keibler . Look at her. She has brad to thanks for that look. When he's not dressing a-listers, he's starring in his own reality "]