['smells with  valerie bertinelli . She is as busy as ever with "hot in cleveland." And now, this cookbook, "one dish at a time." Tell me about "hot in ', 'smells with valerie bertinelli . She is as busy as ever with "hot in cleveland." And now, this cookbook, "one dish at a time." Tell me about ', "studio audience, this, they say is completely different. I've had butterflies for a couple weeks. Reporter:  Valerie bertinelli  is feeling the pressure. But not so much about her lines. I think the problem will be, I don't know if it's ", "say is completely different. I've had butterflies for a couple weeks. Reporter: Valerie bertinelli is feeling the pressure. But not so much about her lines. I think the problem will be, I don't know if it's ", "Valerie Bertinelli  Prepares Her Turkey Meatball Soup, Dishes on New Season of 'Hot in Cleveland'", "We are delighted to have Valerie it back on GMA in the new season. Of the award winning hit sitcom hot in Cleveland starts tomorrow night and today we're going to be cooking with Valerie ends well but. We always have so much we wanted to talk to about you think. Enough time ever a time I the third", "Losing it hard to No no wasn't it wasn't there's no difficulty it was. In mainly just remembering everything that I have diaries back to 1970. and drilling a longtime longtime yeah actually this is the first time I haven't journal and all this last year and I'm thinking oops big mistakes and", "one. Remember t that jumped into that huge pile of leaves off the house. Well, this he broke out the chocolate slip and slide and away they go. Yummy. I just love slip and slides. They're so good. Also good,  valerie bertinelli ,", "Yummy. I just love slip and slides. They're so good. Also good, valerie bertinelli , ", "there's a sale on them, we'll get one! Reporter: On twitter, her tv daughters remembered their tv mom.  Valerie bertinelli  saying my heart is breaking. Mackenzie phillips posted this, remembering my friend, rest in peace. Stick with ", "get one! Reporter: On twitter, her tv daughters remembered their tv mom. Valerie bertinelli saying my heart is breaking. Mackenzie phillips posted this, remembering my friend, rest in peace. Stick with me, huh, we'll make it. ", 'former vice president al gore and his wife, tipper, announced their separation. Eddie van halen and actress  valerie bertinelli  split in 2007, after 26 years of marriage. 56 the split will be difficult, after a history together will be pain ', 'and his wife, tipper, announced their separation. Eddie van halen and actress valerie bertinelli split in 2007, after 26 years of marriage. 56 the split will be difficult, after a history together will be pain. There ']