[' since that tragic accident this weekend. A strong gust of wind caused a concert stage to collapse on Saturday, killing at least five people and injuring dozens more. ', ' in the country. This grandstand behind me was filled with people Saturday night. There was an area right around the stage called the ', ', also full of people, when the unthinkable happened. Minutes after an announcer told the crowd ', ' estimated between 60 and 70 miles an hour hit the stage, sending overhead rigging crashing down on concertgoers.', "I don't know. We was in the stands and then the wind -- big gust of wind came, stage flew over, and I took off down there to see what I could do to help.", 'Ominous-looking clouds hovered in the sky as people raced to lift the twisted wreckage of metal, cables and lighting off those who were trapped underneath. Some were carried from the scene. Folding tables became gurneys.', ' ran to the trouble, not from the trouble, by the hundreds, offering their -- in many cases, their own professional skills.', 'The dead included a 23-year-old recent college grad who dreamed of teaching, a 51-year-old technician who was on the rigging manning a spotlight, and a 29-year-old community worker.', "It happened so fast, just came down, and I just saw people running and people -- the next thing you know, you look back and there's people underneath the stage trying to get out.", 'Fair officials were closely monitoring the fast approaching storm, contacting the ', ' at least four times. A severe thunderstorm watch was issued for the area three hours before the collapse, upgraded to a warning just 10 minutes before, a concert announcer relaying that warning to the crowd. Some took cover right away, but many stayed behind.', ". Unfortunately, it's impossible to say exactly where those strongest gusts will hit.", ' was preparing to take the stage. The group canceled a performance Sunday night in ', '." Forensic engineers were on the ground here yesterday all day trying to figure out what went wrong. The fair, as you mentioned, ', ", was closed yesterday, scheduled to reopen today. They'll begin the day with a public prayer for those who lost their lives here over the weekend. "]