["Thank you. Now to the laits from  valerie harper . Last week, the devastating diagnosis. We're attention with devastating news. Hello, everyone. I'm  valerie harper . I recently got an amazingly shocking diagnosis from ", "Thank you. Now to the laits from valerie harper . Last week, the devastating diagnosis. We're learning me each day from her how to confront the biggest moments of life with bravery ", "last week, she grabbed our attention with devastating news. Hello, everyone. I'm valerie harper . I recently got an amazingly shocking diagnosis from my doctors that I had an inkrurable, very rare form of Reporter: Now with ", 'wrong vessel at the daytime emmys. The latest on  valerie harper \'s health. Larry hackett from "people" magazine there. We\'ll get more behind the scenes with you.  Valerie harper  gave an interview and it seems like she is doing better ', 'and pop. The wrong vessel at the daytime emmys. The latest on valerie harper\'s health. Larry hackett from "people" magazine. We will see the cover of your fine magazine. Thank you. There it is. First abc\'s ', "going on out there. We'll get more behind the scenes with you. Valerie harper gave an interview and it seems like she is doing better than she thought. Revealed her cancer fight and she's doing much ", 'She won four emmys as rhoda on "the mary tyler moore show." And now,  valerie harper  is making a splash again in her new book "i, rhoda." She reflects on 15 years in show business. And you were supposed to be ', 'four emmys as rhoda on "the mary tyler moore show." And now, valerie harper is making a splash again in her new book "i, rhoda." She reflects on 15 years in show business. And you were ', 'How much do we love heart felt Yes Hillary the classic Brothers sitcom episode where. Go to Logan stern rushed to her wedding on the New York City Subway will once again over the 2000 that decision did it again. do anything New Yorkers like what. OK so that they thought nothing about nothing they', 'Minneapolis appear in an episode of Betty White show hot in Cleveland remember Betty White place And this comes on the heels  Valerie Harper  who played Rhoda announcing recently that she has incurable brain cancer episode will shoot. Early next month.', 'Betty White place -- -- And this comes on the heels -- Valerie Harper who played Rhoda announcing recently that she has incurable brain cancer episode will shoot. Early next month. ', "fierce five played by actresses mary tyler moore,  valerie harper , cloris leechman, betty white and georgia engel of these old friends, the recent disclosure that  valerie harper  has an inoperable brain tumor. We're progressing ", 'moore show." Yesterday the fierce five played by actresses mary tyler moore, valerie harper , cloris leechman, betty white and georgia engel were together again to film an episode of "hot in cleveland" and to reminisce. Can ', "Weighing on the minds of these old friends, the recent disclosure that valerie harper has an inoperable brain tumor. We're progressing, i certainly see what's ahead. What could possibly be tomorrow. In fact, I'm hoping I ", "not but it really like the greats. And that I love down. Wow Mary Tyler Moore reunion. What you know credible.  Valerie Harper 's resilience and spirit just remarkable and an inspirational. Katy Kirk did a great job behind McCain looks great ", "I love down. Wow Mary Tyler Moore reunion. What you know credible. Valerie Harper's resilience and spirit -- just remarkable and an inspirational. Katy Kirk did a great job behind McCain looks great great great I ", 'Eventually they cut a deal and the iPhone can happen. It was born. And a familiar some difficult news tonight  Valerie Harper . Who brought Rhoda Morgenstern to life on the Mary Tyler Moore Show and later Rhoda. Went public today with the ', 'It was born. And a familiar -- -- some difficult news tonight Valerie Harper . Who brought Rhoda Morgenstern to life on the Mary Tyler Moore Show and later Rhoda. Went public today with the deeply personal ', "combination of turning nineteen and being in the wrong place meantime cover story this week it really touched all our hearts  Valerie Harper . It was extraordinary you know well I'm Johnny dobbs a correspondent who spoke to were. just actually stunned ", "meantime -- cover story this week it really touched all our hearts Valerie Harper . It was extraordinary you know well I'm Johnny dobbs a correspondent who spoke to were. -- just actually stunned by her magnanimity ", "countess of wessex filled in for her at buckingham palace. Monday she's doing a series of engagements on behalf of the commonwealth at westminster abbey. Victoria, thanks very much. Now to that major headline about tv icon  valerie harper .", 'Victoria, thanks very much. Now to that major headline about tv icon valerie harper . ', 'they cut a deal and the iphone, thank heavens, was born. And a familiar face with some difficult news tonight.  Valerie harper , who brought rhoda morganstern to life. She went public today with a deeply personal battle. She has been diagnosed ', 'heavens, was born. And a familiar face with some difficult news tonight. Valerie harper , who brought rhoda morganstern to life. She went public today with a deeply personal battle. She has been diagnosed with brain cancer, ', "Dallas Rudolph an entire Ewing the season with the it was just a dream scenario. It's veterans in death. And when  Valerie Harper  and a show named after her Valerie producers renamed the show the Hogan family. And put her character sixteen under ", "it was just a dream scenario. It's veterans in death. And when Valerie Harper and a show named after her Valerie -- -- producers renamed the show the Hogan family. And put her character sixteen under. "]