["The man convicted of stalking  Uma Thurman  just won't give up Jack Jordan Jack Jordan terrorized actress  Uma Thurman  and now the former psychiatric for me is that he first got. and  Uma Thurman  after setting her father's ", "The man convicted of stalking Uma Thurman just won't give up Jack Jordan. Was arrested after trying to reach -- -- by phone and as Andrea canning reports that violates a court order barring him from any contact with Thurman for five years. For years Jack Jordan terrorized actress Uma Thurman and now the former psychiatric patient has been arrested again. Police say at his parents' home in Maryland he was literally grueling ", "case at least for me is that he first got. -- and Uma Thurman after setting her father's. Writings I've -- quite unusual to me. Well perhaps that's true and perhaps it's it's a it it's a nicer way. Of looking at things will how to -- even find out about her father. A lot of people found out about her father who certainly accomplished in his own right but have found out about her father through Uma Thurman . So I think a closer psychiatric examination of of him and his history would yield. The origins but but the bottom line ", "to jail and appreciate that they're actually consequences. Pretty emotional impact on Uma Thurman . Even if he says well all I did was call -- which is in my experience. What a stalker would do I ", 'Uma Thurman  will be in court to testify against the man accused of stalking her for penetrate these people can you get at this this Jordan who was stalking  Uma Thurman . And you knew He was doing is way to penetrate these people. To say ', 'Uma Thurman will be in court to testify against the man accused of stalking her for over a two year period. Now this is ', 'people can you get at this this -- Jordan who was stalking Uma Thurman . And you knew He was doing is -- way to penetrate these people. To say okay this is and this is what ', "sometimes make money and good movies sometimes don't. What happened recently at the opening of motherhood starring  Uma Thurman  is something of a conundrum. On the third day of its opening weekend and a prominent London cinema one person bought ", "movies sometimes don't. What happened recently at the opening of motherhood starring Uma Thurman is something of a conundrum. On the third day of its opening weekend and a prominent London cinema one person bought a ", 'Actress  Uma Thurman  testified in New York City court today against her alleged stalker. Thurman testified she was confused and panic when her 37 year ', 'Actress Uma Thurman testified in -- New York City court today against her alleged stalker. Thurman testified she was confused and panic when her -- ', "Oscar nominated actress  Uma Thurman  stop down there he's here to talk about her new movie the life before her eyes there's quite a change from the comedic roles ", "Oscar nominated actress Uma Thurman stop -- down there -- he's here to talk about her new movie the life before her eyes there's quite a change ", 'to some of that the actors in this maybe Hugh Taylor sisters Kate Winslet Hugh Jackman not Tammy watts Emma Stone and  Uma Thurman . Richard Gere and even Snooki in this movie holly Berry is NA and rob I have to tell us. She literally. Whips out ', 'Taylor sisters Kate Winslet Hugh Jackman not Tammy watts Emma Stone and Uma Thurman . Richard Gere and even Snooki -- in this movie holly Berry is -- NA and rob I have to tell us. She ', 'to tell us about her new romantic comedy, "playing for keeps." Including an all-star cast, with jessica biel,  uma thurman , dennis quaid, and gerard butler. We had your castmates on. It\'s great to see you. You play a soccer mom. I ', 'romantic comedy, "playing for keeps." Including an all-star cast, with jessica biel, uma thurman , dennis quaid, and gerard butler. We had your castmates on. It\'s great to see you. You play a soccer mom. I am ', "the movie because it's not a bad day at the office when you get to be on screen with catherine zeta-jones, and  uma thurman , and jessica biel. It's a movie all of us can enjoy for any number of reasons. Exactly. It follows soccer. It ", "office when you get to be on screen with catherine zeta-jones, and uma thurman , and jessica biel. It's a movie all of us can enjoy for any number of reasons. Exactly. It follows soccer. It has ", 'to us about starring in "playing for keeps" alongside stars as gerard butler, catherine zeta-jo zeta-jones,  uma thurman . What a cast. That was a great cast. And gabriele muccino, our director. I was excited to work with him, as well ', 'in "playing for keeps" alongside stars as gerard butler, catherine zeta-jo zeta-jones, uma thurman . What a cast. That was a great cast. And gabriele muccino, our director. I was excited to work with him, as well. ', 'hamptons over the weekend. Her date was hotel mogul andre belaz. Did I say that correctly? He is handsome. He dated  uma thurman , and chis chelsea handler. They noticed her playing ping-pong. Someone tweeted this picture of a not-so-undercover ', 'andre belaz. Did I say that correctly? He is handsome. He dated uma thurman , and chis chelsea handler. They noticed her playing ping-pong. Someone tweeted this picture of a not-so-undercover pippa. Coming to manhattan and not ', "then we just finished Oliver Stone film called savages. Incredible yeah well. John Travolta Venetian del Toro and  Uma Thurman  I had great great yeah. Here you're in good company I am very lucky so continues its last thing I don't think you ", "film called savages. Incredible yeah well. John Travolta Venetian del Toro and Uma Thurman -- I had great great yeah. Here you're in good company I am -- -- very lucky so continues its last thing ", "Lawrence isn't the first she's a welcome addition. Remember Angelina Jolie this is nice to have often the movie to And  Uma Thurman  in kill bill. Even Hilary Swank in Million Dollar Baby. But for now it's Jennifer Lawrence coming out swinging ", "nice to have -- -- -- often the movie to -- And Uma Thurman in kill bill. Even Hilary Swank in Million Dollar Baby. But for now it's Jennifer Lawrence coming out swinging. Inspiring other young ", "convinced her to come with me to one of the best known Buddhist in the country Robert Thurman. The father of actress  Uma Thurman . Robert Thurman is a lot less flashy you'll notice He has one glass I as a result of an accident as a young man ", "best known Buddhist in the country Robert Thurman. The father of actress Uma Thurman . Robert Thurman is a lot less flashy you'll notice He has one glass -- I as a result of an accident as ", 'The man accused of stalking actress  Uma Thurman  could take the stand today in New York courtroom Thurman who says the man repeatedly followed her and quote. Freaked her out very ', 'The man accused of stalking actress Uma Thurman could take the stand today in -- New York courtroom Thurman who says the man repeatedly followed her and quote. Freaked her ', "wife. Jude Law to John and his fiancee Sienna Miller with his kid's nanny daisy right. And after divorcing wife  Uma Thurman  he's buried their children's former nanny Ryan Shawn Hughes. In the case of Arnold and Maria Person was a member ", "Sienna Miller with his kid's nanny daisy right. And after divorcing wife Uma Thurman -- he's -- -- buried their children's former nanny Ryan Shawn Hughes. In the case of Arnold and Maria -- Person was ", "you and I mean business. The movie V for folks who have incidentally there's a very intense battle yet you would  Uma Thurman  in the kitchen yet it's a fight seeded in Pasadena. And and you actually got a little hard to. How I woke up and ", "folks who have incidentally there's a very intense battle yet you would Uma Thurman in the kitchen yet it's a fight seeded -- -- -- in Pasadena. And and you actually got a little hard to. ", "Actress  Uma Thurman  is expected to take the stand tomorrow in any case of the stalker with with  Uma Thurman  He attended the University of Chicago stoppers we saw the Jordan the man alleged  Uma Thurman  these love letters but there's also ", 'Actress Uma Thurman is expected to take the stand tomorrow. In the trial of a man accused of stalking her over -- two year period. ', '-- -- -- not in any case of the stalker with with Uma Thurman He attended the University of Chicago the man acquitted of stocking Sheryl Crow was a diver. With the elite Navy SEALs -- ', "Views -- stoppers we saw the -- Jordan the man alleged -- Uma Thurman these love letters but there's also drawing. That I want to show you which is. Just startling -- -- drawing and it ", "permanent restraining order against a man who blogs about human sacrifice. She says He has terrorized her for years. Today  Uma Thurman  described her stalker as a nightmare. He'd show up at her home and turned up outside her trailer while she was filming ", "about human sacrifice. She says He has terrorized her for years. Today Uma Thurman described her stalker as a nightmare. He'd show up at her home and turned up outside her trailer while she was filming "]