['NBC News, a division of NBCUniversal Media, LLC, a company incorporated under Delaware law, with its registered address at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, New York 10112, is responsible for this Website and its contents. ', 'NBCU respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you. ', 'Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline. ', ' for this Website carefully. Your use of this Website signifies your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. ', 'We may collect information when you interact with the Website, for example when you subscribe to newsletters, register for chat rooms, participate in competitions or games, purchase merchandise etc. ', 'See below for more details about what type of information we may collect from you during those interactions. ', 'You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) through the Website. If you choose not to provide us with your personal information, you may not be able to access some of the services offered on the Website (e.g. subscribe to newsletters, enter competitions, and purchase products). ', 'Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests, in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using this Website. In order to do so, we may collect and use your personal information as follows. ', 'In general, we collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient and customized experience on the Website. However, sometimes we need to collect and use your personal information to enable us to: ', 'to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including copyright infringement); or ', 'On the Website, you may sign up to receive newsletters and other communications about our services and promotions. To sign up, we may ask you for your contact details (such as your name and email address). This information is used by us to send you the communications you request ', 'From time to time we may offer products or services for purchase through the Website. When you choose to purchase merchandise or subscribe for such services, we may ask you to provide your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. This information is collected for the purpose of providing you with the products/services you choose to purchase and/or subscribe for. We may also ask you to provide your credit/debit card details for this purchase, or we may direct you to a third party payment processing service (such as PayPal) to make payment. If we direct you to a third party payment process service we will advise you of this during the payment process, please be aware that we are not liable or responsible for such service and that your use of that service might be subject to terms and conditions imposed by the service provider. ', 'We may occasionally conduct contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. If you choose to enter, we may ask you for your contact details such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number for the purpose of conducting these promotions. ', 'When you play one of our games, we may collect and store certain profile information that you provide directly or through a third party that is offering our game(s). To provide a richer game and social experience, we also collect information about your play and interaction with other players and the Service. The bulk of this information is collected and stored through the use of web logs, which are files on our web servers that record actions taken on our games and the Website. In general, we collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient and customized experience in the following ways: ', 'to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities and enforce our terms of service ', 'to communicate about our / third parties? new and current games/products/services (including promotional offers) ', 'Please be aware that our games are governed by additional terms of use posted on the site they are accessed from, and may also be governed by the terms of use, privacy policies and other guidelines of third parties (in the case of our games that are available on third party platforms such as Facebook). ', 'Personal information posted to message boards, chat rooms, blogs and other user forums becomes public information. Please use caution when using these features of our Website. Please see our Terms of Use for the standards of behaviour that must be followed when using these sections of the Website. ', 'You may be able to take part in certain activities on the Website or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with us, but also with other users of this Website. These include: ', 'sending private messages or invitations to other users, either directly on the Website or to their email accounts ', 'The contents of any such private online communications may be accessed and disclosed (i) in response to a legal requirement such as a court order; (ii) when we are required to disclose the information in response to such a legal requirement; (iii) where we have a good faith belief that the Website is being used in the commission of a crime; (iv) where we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency which poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; and (v) when necessary either to protect our rights (including to enforce our terms of service) or for us to provide the service you have requested. ', 'Information collected when you register for or use our wireless applications and services via your phone or other mobile device or when such applications interact with this Website, for example, our smartphone applications. ', 'We offer Website visitors various features for their enjoyment, which we may change from time to time. We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features where this is the case we will provide more detailed information about what information you need to provide and will explain how we will use it. ', 'We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children. At various places on the Website or when providing other services, we may ask users for their age. By using the Website or our services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13. ', 'If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and obtain his or her permission before you submit or post any Personal Information, and before you use any features of this Website. ', 'It is important that you protect and maintain the security of your account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your account. Do not disclose your password to anyone else. ', 'We may also collect password information from you when you log in, as well as computer and/or connection information. During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages and page interaction information. ', 'We may also use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis. In order to better understand and serve our customers, we may conduct research based on customer demographics, interests and behaviours. Although this aggregated data may be based in part on personal information it does not identify any users personally. We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties, including our affiliates, agents, service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the Website and for advertising, promotional and other business purposes. ', 'A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist. ', 'This Website is operated from the United States. However, as a global company, NBCUniversal may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third party service providers internationally. Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection, NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of information protection. By using this Website and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries. ', 'We may share your personal information with affiliates of NBCUniversal but only for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. ', 'We may also share your personal information with service providers we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf, such as hosting websites, maintaining databases, administering contests, providing technology services, and processing payments. These parties are provided only with the personal information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose such personal information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. We have taken steps to ensure that any such third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information as we would. ', 'In addition, we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties (including, amongst others, law enforcement agencies, government/regulatory bodies, content protection organisations): (1) protect our legal rights, privacy or safety, and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents and contractors; (2) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties; (3) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (4) respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement or public authorities; (5) permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate in, or defend litigation, or limit the damages that we may sustain; (6) comply with subpoenas, search warrants, the law or other legal process; or (7) enforce our Terms of Use. ', 'We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets. If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer, you should contact the subsequent owner of the business. You will of course be informed of any such sale or transfer. ', 'The Website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from this Website. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices and terms of use in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are unrelated to NBCUniversal; we are not responsible for their content, maintenance or availability. ', 'We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards for this Website to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this Website. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. Therefore, any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk. If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us using the contact details below. ', 'We provide Website visitors with access to personal information they provide through this Website and the ability to review, update and correct it as and when necessary. Such requests may be subject to a small fee. To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your personal information. ', 'If you have previously provided personal information to this Website to subscribe to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from this Website and you do not want to receive such emails, please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any message, or the other means provided to unsubscribe, or using the contact details below. ', 'If you prefer that we do not use the personal information you have provided to us or we have collected via your use of this Website, you may send us a request using the contact information details below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor that request. However, we will retain records of your information as needed in order to comply with applicable laws/regulations and if you provide us with any personal information after such request may use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. ', 'If you would like to make such a request, update your marketing preferences (including requesting being removed from our marketing list) or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us by: ', 'If you choose to write, please send us a signed letter of request with your address and a copy of photo ID on which your signature appears. ', 'This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. ']