['Under the CARD Act, penalty fees have dropped dramatically and interest rate hikes cannot be applied to your unpaid balance, unless you fall way behind in your payments.', 'On the downside, it may be harder for someone with a poor credit history to get a card, and interest rates are up. A recently released credit card survey from Consumer Action, a non-profit group, shows the average interest rate on variable rate cards went up nearly 2 percentage points last year, from 13.30 percent in 2009 to 15.06 percent in 2010. The report notes that during that time the prime rate remained steady at 3.25 percent.', 'Consumer Action looked at offers for 41 cards from 20 different issuers. Study author Ruth Susswein concludes that as a result of the CARD Act, it is now easier than ever to compare credit card offers.', 'The center analyzed years of data from the Federal Reserve Board. One database tracks the interest rates offered in solicitations. Another follows the interest rates customers actually pay. Comparing that data, the CRL report concludes: The new rules have reduced the difference between the stated rates and actual rates paid on credit cards.', 'The CRL study also concludes that since credit card reform, more people are getting more credit card offers. The center purchased data from the Mintel Comperemedia, a respected authority on credit card marketing.', 'In December of last year, Consumer Action conducted an online survey. The questionnaire was completed by 436 people.', '67% said the terms for using their credit card were clearer than they had been a year ago.', '87% noticed the new minimum payment warning on their monthly statement. This information explains how long it will take to pay off the balance if only the minimum payment is made each month. ', '25% of these people said the notice had encouraged them to pay more than the minimum. ', 'While the CARD Act limits penalty fees, there are no restrictions on many other fees. Consumer Action found the average balance transfer fee jumped from 2.94 percent in 2009 to 3.53 percent in 2010. And while the highest transfer fee charged in 2009 was 3 percent, some cards now charge 5 percent.', 'Annual fees are also up a bit, averaging $65.20, but fewer cards now charge them. It was widely assumed credit card companies would institute annual fees across the board to make up for lost penalty revenue. So far that has so not happened.', 'Thanks to the CARD Act, credit card companies cannot raise the interest rate for new customers during the first year. So banks are being very careful about the initial interest rate they offer.', 'There are a number of websites that do a good job of letting you compare cards side by side on factors such as interest rates, fees and what type of credit scores are required: bankrate.com, credit.com, lowcards.com, credit.com, mint.com, creditkarma.com and cardratings.com.', '   Want to keep up with the latest on consumer news, follow the  ConsumerMan on Facebook . ']