['And with that as the setup, shortly after she appeared with the president in the ', ", it is said that you're not being appointed to the job we all expected you to be appointed to because of the opposition that the banks and the ", "Well, you know, I have to say, I've never walked away from a fight in my life; you can ask think three older brothers about that. But the point is, the time spent fighting is the time not spent doing the actual work of this agency. Right now millions of American families across this country are hemorrhaging money on ", ' tricks and traps, on mortgages that are deceptive, on check overdraft, on car loans. I mean, how long do we want to go on this list? And at some point, we got to get this agency stood up. The law that ', " passed is very clear. It says get to work standing the agency up. President asked me to do that, and that's what I'm here to try to do.", 'Can you give me anything concrete that people hearing you tonight can hold onto, areas in which their lives will become better because of your service?', 'Well, one of the things I want to be able to work on, I hope right away, is I want to work on ', ' agreement where you can see the terms, where you can compare one with another with another and know how much they cost and make real comparisons. You know, I think most people are smart, but the way that some of these credit products have been designed, like ', ", it's to trick people, it's to trap them. We got to take that out of the system. We got to make it so that families, they can see what they got, they can see what it cost. Lot of personal responsibility.", 'If the job you were being appointed to today was either president or monarch and it were truly up to you to go about fixing this economy, ', "You know, I'd move toward products that are much simpler and that just make the cost clear up front. I'm tired of this game that says, 'Oh, we're going to lend you something at, you know, 3.9 percent financing, 0 percent financing. We're going to give you cash, when the reality is what we're really doing here is we're trying to buy a lottery ticket, hoping you'll mess something up and, boy, we're going to hit it big on the money.' That's not a real market. And people know that. People expect to have to pay for what they get. They expect to have to be responsible. But they don't expect that they're carrying around, you know, a loaded weapon in their pockets that may fire and shoot them at any point. So, you know, if somebody left me in charge, it would -- it would just be to kind of level the playing field so both sides, the lender and the borrower, can see what the terms are, evaluate them, and go from there.", 'In her first interviews after the appointment, Dr. Warren said credit cards are a top priority. She wants cardholder agreements to be shorter and easier to understand.', 'I think the credit card industry was a little surprised Warren focused on them, since both Congress and the Federal Reserve recently forced major changes in the way they do business.', 'This summary page was developed by the Federal Reserve based on consumer testing. Bankers say it gives consumers the information they want in a format they like: one that is easy to read and understand.', 'Credit card companies are now required to give their contracts to the Federal Reserve Board which posts them on its website. Earlier this year, CreditCards.com hired a team of researchers to analyze those contracts (more than 1,200 of them) to rate their readability. ', 'Their conclusion: 4 out of 5 American adults cannot read the average credit card agreement. The average credit card agreement, the study found, is written at the 12th grade reading level. But the average adult in this country reads at the 9th grade level. ', 'Woolsey says it is actually easier for the average American to read a California real estate purchase agreement or a chapter in the King James Bible than the average credit card contract.', 'Look at this one paragraph from a cardholder agreement. Can you figure out what it means?', 'I applaud the banks that have reworked their card agreements to make them shorter and easier to understand. I hope Elizabeth Warren and the Consumer Financial Protection Agency can force every bank to do this. ']