['Ebola Virus in Uganda: Inside the Ward as At Least 17 Dead, Others Await Testing', "Dr. Richard Besser from the frontlines of an outbreak of one of the world's deadliest viruses.", 'New outbreak of the deadly  Ebola Virus  is spreading into gone to the  virus  killed fourteen people in the district of two the has died and doctors have been quarantined  Ebola  kills 90% of those who contracted. There is ', "New outbreak of the deadly Ebola Virus is spreading into gone to the virus killed fourteen people in the district of two Bali health workers hope to keep it from spreading to the capital city of come -- But now there are two reported cases they're one of the -- has died and doctors have been quarantined Ebola kills 90% of those who contracted. There is no cure. ", 'deadly outbreak of  ebola . A highly contagious on the planet,  ebola . A viral hemorrhagic source of the  virus  and contain it potential for a deadly  virus  to break out of first brush with  ebola  in the field is your first  ebola  outbreak in the unfair that a  virus  would ravage such ', 'are scrambling to contain a deadly outbreak of ebola . A highly contagious often fatal breakout of a vaccine. They allowed abc\'s chief medical correspondent dr. Richard besser and "nightline" producer alex ', "with one of the most lethal and mysterious diseases on the planet, ebola . A viral hemorrhagic fever that comes out of the jungle has no cure and could kill in a matter of days. Did the dead man have it? Did he infect anyone else? There was someone else sick here? Reporter: How do you catch it? And how do we stop it? Questions we will try to answer from inside the hot zone. We've traveled here with a team sent by the u.S. Government. The centers for disease control and prevention. Their mission, to identify the source of the virus and contain it. It's a small word now. The potential for a deadly virus to break out of the hot zone and travel around the globe is more frightening than ever. We don't have high walls ", "all over the world but this will be her first brush with ebola in the field. Hopefully, we'll be able to get it under control quickly. Reporter: Her job is to investigate where how and why this outbreak started. This is your first ebola outbreak in the field. You don't seem very nervous. Well, I've been spending a lot of years studying and preparing for this kind of a thing. Reporter: Together, we make the 8,000 mile journey to kampala, the kaemcapital of uganda. We pick up the safety gear and start the four-hour drive to kagadi. It strikes me as unfair that a virus would ravage such a peaceful and beautiful place. There's no way to know if you have ebola until the symptoms develop. At first glance, the town seems normal enough, until you see people dressed like this walking around. This bare bones hospital is a ward that's become a makeshift ebola isolation facility. The rest of the hospital is totally deserted. We're greeted by dr. Paul, the epidemiologists. Hopefully, patients will be housed in this area. Reporter: In the meantime, the protection measures are basic at best. And there it is. The isolation ward. Just on the other side of this wall are three confirmed cases of ebola . And these kids are also eager to learn more about this mysterious disease. Where do you think ebola comes? Monkeys. Reporter: From where? Monkeys? They're probably right. Monkeys are probably the main transmitters of the virus . And just outside of town, monkeys are everywhere. E they go. But the cdc team has suspicion, it may not just be primates transferring it but also bats. Unlike primates who die quickly from ebola , bats don't seem to be affected by the virus . The area around there is ground zero for the ebola outbreak. 60 confirmed cases. Anyone with fever wonder if they will be the next victim. Like this father who brought his son. Also symptoms of ebola , but also symptoms of the other diseases. The team here doesn't take any chances. The boy is sent to the isolation ward. Once inside, the cdc will take his blood sample. I'm invited to go in with them. We start the laborious process of getting suited up. Going into the isolation ward is extremely dangerous and every precaution must be taken to protect ourselves. In some outbreaks a quarter of all ebola outbreaks are among doctors and nurses. This is to protect, in case anyone vomits or blood. If there's any splatter, it won't get down into my suit. Every part of my body must be covered. Even a ski mask covers my eyes. When you're dealing with something like ebola , making sure every inch is covered is essential. The disease is not airborne, but inside the ward, there are fears that sick ", 'the most deadly diseases,  ebola . Experts from disease control capture the terror of thadly  virus . We make our way into the hospital where  ebola  patients are being treated know how these patients got  ebola , but we do know that very ', "an abc news exclusive exclusive. Against one of the most deadly diseases, ebola . Experts from disease control have rushed in, and abc's dr. Richard besser, a former head of the cbc reports from uganda tonight. ", 'Movies such as "contagion" have tried to capture the terror of thadly virus . We make our way into the hospital where ebola patients are being treated and suited up with even more protective gear. Every part of my body is covered. Even a ski ', "Over there. And over there. They don't know how these patients got ebola , but we do know that very close contact with body fluids can spread it. Anytime someone touches something, they are quickly sprayed ", "gonna sign onto rich traveled with the  virus  tracker Nathan Wolfe. Whose new book source of a new variety of the deadly  Ebola Virus . It once again this demonstrates source of new diseases. There's one  virus  hunter who's out to catch the next ", "Mission Mattingly C movie contains gonna sign onto rich traveled with the virus tracker Nathan Wolfe. Whose new book the viral storm the dawn of a new pandemic gauges out today. Anderson is back at a council about it and rich this work is all about stopping that leak of the terms from animals to us that. That's right Georgia and there's a brand new study just out this morning that says that stats are the source of a new variety of the deadly Ebola Virus . It once again this demonstrates the importance of looking at animals as a source of new diseases. There's one virus hunter who's out to catch the next pandemic virus before it can do any harm and went with him to see exactly how he's gonna do it. The feel of a devastating new virus leaping from animals into humans and spreading across the globe. He's not just the stuff of Hollywood movies like contagion of your life -- in 20028000. Cases of SARS came from a virus in bass. In 2009. Swine Flu the H1N1 virus originated in pigs and killed 181000 people. And then there's -- and sixty million people infected with HIV the virus that causes aids and 25 million have died. The source of virus that jumps from chimpanzees in the jungles of Central Africa. For Nathan -- those jungles in Cameroon are just a vast outdoor ", "for from animals. Well we hear we hear the scary things we hear about anthrax and rabies and West Nile  Virus  and mad cow disease and  Ebola Virus  the things that are really scary but. There's things that are a lot more simple everything from ring ", "the scary things we hear about anthrax and rabies and West Nile Virus and mad cow disease and Ebola Virus -- the things that are really scary but. There's things that are a lot more simple everything from ring worm that you ", 'financial opportunities. In order to treat victims of the  Ebola Virus  in you god. Despite risks few other doctors were willing They were among his last words before He died from the  virus  He had while helping Because we are so often humbled by ', '-- -- rich financial opportunities. In order to treat victims of the Ebola Virus in you god. Despite risks few other doctors were willing to -- In December doctor police said I pray that no one should ever have to die of this disease again. They were among his last words before He died from the virus He had -- while helping -- Because we are so often humbled by nature. It always seems to play a role in ', 'was a losing battle the guerrillas of the Congo were dying out. Victims of leveled the forests. A disease like the  Ebola Virus . And of hunters who kill large animals for food. That includes. Just about every mammal. And especially girls gorillas ', 'dying out. Victims of -- leveled the forests. A disease like the Ebola Virus . And of hunters who kill large animals for food. That includes. Just about every mammal. And especially girls gorillas are -- delicacy. ', "that over the last three decades. We have seen. A great increase in the number of new diseases says. HIV. Such as  Ebola Virus . Such as legionnaires' disease I could go on nine. And then Sunday diseases that are newly resurgent like malaria ", "increase in the number of new diseases -- says. HIV. Such as Ebola Virus . Such as legionnaires' disease I could go on -- nine. And then Sunday diseases that are newly resurgent like malaria and dengue ", "something were to come in what is so a lot of diseases you know we think of mad cow disease we think of rabies we think of  Ebola Virus . Now we're talking about Salmonella all of these are diseases diseases transmissible from animals to people solve ", "think of mad cow disease we think of rabies we think of Ebola Virus . Now we're talking about Salmonella all of these are -- -- -- diseases diseases transmissible from animals to people solve. Again as ", "to the potentially deadly  virus  missed placed. How could contains a potentially deadly  virus . And one of those here Texas is missing. It's a  virus  from a mouse the can cause there smallpox anthrax and  Ebola . There are more than 14100 ", "turn now to a troubling headline about -- to the potentially deadly virus missed placed. How could that happen and what about a new report raising even more questions about safety in biological labs. Here's ABC's David -- It is a small frozen -- the contains a potentially deadly virus . And one of those -- here at the University of Texas is missing. It's a virus from a mouse the can cause hemorrhagic fever and could be used in a terror attack. Officials believe the -- was discarded during cleaning. And poses no risk but this news comes on the very same day that government investigators in a new report. Question lab management in our country the Texas lab is one of thirteen operating or planned in the US with the highest designation level for. They house the baddest bugs out there smallpox anthrax and Ebola . There are more than 14100 level three labs and our country to. And over -- six year period in the entire country ", "monkeys and apes that. They can carry diseases like  Ebola  which is a very nasty fatal  virus  they can carry. HIV. All sorts of different types be this or seven outbreak of monkey pox or from a  virus  we've never heard of before. Just today this ", "particularly with primates monkeys and apes that. They can carry diseases like Ebola which is a very nasty fatal virus they can carry. HIV. All sorts of different types of viruses which can be fatal to humans as well. The Centers for Disease Control tells us they are alarmed. Even as the nation deals with the -- and the CDC says bush meat could be this or seven outbreak of monkey pox or from a virus we've never heard of before. Just today this African immigrant a mother of ten named meaning -- Was sentenced to three years ", "monkeys apes that. They can carry diseases like  Ebola  which is a very nasty fatal  virus  they can carry. HIV. All sorts of different types be this or seven outbreak of monkey pox or from a  virus  we've never heard of before. Just today this ", "know particularly with primates monkeys apes that. They can carry diseases like Ebola which is a very nasty fatal virus they can carry. HIV. All sorts of different types of viruses which can be fatal to humans as well. The Centers for Disease Control tells us they are alarmed. Even as the nation deals with the -- and the CDC says bush meat could be this or seven outbreak of monkey pox or from a virus we've never heard of before. Just today this African immigrant and mother of ten -- naming the -- Was sentenced to three "]