['to conceive naturally, they turned to IVF, but suffered two failed attempts. The first attempt resulted in an  ectopic pregnancy , which is when the pregnancy occurs outside the womb and the fetus cannot survive. "I can still picture my wife ', 'years later. And Faith, Kidman\'s second daughter with Urban, was born via surrogate in 2011. "I\'ve had an  ectopic pregnancy , miscarriages and I\'ve had fertility treatments. I\'ve done all the stuff you can possibly do to try to get ', 'risks associated with pregnancy must be considered alongside those of taking hormonal contraception. "You throw in  ectopic pregnancy  and its associated complications and the pill looks good," he said. Doctors agree that women should talk with ', 'medical care for pregnant woman," Hamrick said. "Woman have died from abortion-inducing drugs, when there is an  ectopic pregnancy , for example. It is vital to protect woman\'s health, and ultrasounds are absolutely vital for protecting woman\'s ', 'been trying for so long." An  ectopic pregnancy  is one that occurs outside the stressed that diagnosing an  ectopic pregnancy  is tricky, and that failing Schoger was diagnosed with a true  ectopic pregnancy  -- a diagnosis she said saved ', "Kecia, still heartbroken over a miscarriage in the summer of 2010, a miscarriage that came on the heels of an  ectopic pregnancy , began looking through the Reece's Rainbow kids more closely. She had discovered the site that fall and had ", 'being married 3 years... we felt it was a good time to add a baby to the family. My first ultrasound revealed an  ectopic pregnancy  and I was rushed to the hospital to remove it. During the surgery... it was discovered that I also had an embryo ', 'history and ultrasound images, and once it is determined that she is eligible -- up to nine weeks pregnant and not an  ectopic pregnancy  -- she has time to ask questions. Then, the doctor enters a computer passcode to remotely open a drawer at the ', 'between pregnancies also was linked to lower risk of  ectopic pregnancy  and cesarean or preterm delivery for these women was associated with 97 percent increased risk of  ectopic pregnancy  and 2.40-fold risk of termination. Other significant ', 'maternal mortality, but no one knows what it is," said Sachs. For instance, Sachs said a woman who dies of an  ectopic pregnancy  may or may not be counted as a maternal death. "But I do think the maternal mortality is a little bit higher in ', 'spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, hypertension  ectopic pregnancy  and other problems, researchers say. The rate of percent Placenta previa with and without hemorrhage  Ectopic pregnancy , 13.6 percent versus 3 percent The C-section ', 'and nutrients to reach the baby. The ACOG says these problems are more likely to affect pregnant women who smoke:  Ectopic pregnancy , where the fertilized egg begins to develop outside the uterus. Vaginal bleeding. Abnormalities in how the placenta ', "fallopian tubes but it can be in the abdomen. And overly. Really in any other location as well. The problem with an  ectopic pregnancy . Is that it had developed in a place that's not meant to support a pregnancy and it can lead to severe complications ", "overly. Really in any other location as well. The problem with an ectopic pregnancy . Is that it had developed in a place that's not meant to support a pregnancy and it can lead to severe complications ", 'marriage for a long time she also says. Part of that debt depression stemmed from being able to conceive she had an  ectopic pregnancy  and suffered a lot of miscarriages she does have a couple of beautiful children with her. Now husband Durbin also ', 'that debt depression stemmed from being able to conceive she had an ectopic pregnancy and suffered a lot of miscarriages she does have a couple of beautiful children with her. Now husband -- Durbin also. A ', "deal with whatever pointed out of people that I know who have had abortions I haven't had one myself I have an  ectopic pregnancy  which was not my choice. but I people had abortions who don't think twice about it I mean this idea that everybody ", "who have had abortions I haven't had one myself I have an ectopic pregnancy which was not my choice. -- but I -- people had abortions who don't think twice about it I mean this idea ", "However if this doesn't work see your doctor. In addition there are some very serious causes pay. And these include  ectopic pregnancy . So if you think you could be pregnant. And have severe pain in the pelvis go to an emergency room.", 'there are some very serious causes -- -- pay. And these include ectopic pregnancy . So if you think you could be pregnant. And have severe pain in the pelvis go to an emergency room. ', "However if this doesn't work see your doctor. In addition there are some very serious causes pay. And these include  ectopic pregnancy . So if you think you could be pregnant. And have severe pain in the pelvis go to an emergency room.", 'there are some very serious causes -- -- pay. And these include ectopic pregnancy . So if you think you could be pregnant. And have severe pain in the pelvis go to an emergency room. ', 'infection. In the slope and a condition called pelvic inflammatory disease. Or it can lead to a condition called  ectopic pregnancy  can actually have a pregnancy in the flow paean to. So in terms of detecting the infection we have a good tests ', 'called pelvic inflammatory disease. Or it can lead to a condition called ectopic pregnancy -- can actually have a pregnancy in the flow paean to. So in terms of detecting the infection we have a good ', 'infection. In the slope and a condition called pelvic inflammatory disease. Or it can lead to a condition called  ectopic pregnancy  can actually have a pregnancy in the fallopian So in terms of detecting the infection we have a good tests that are ', 'called pelvic inflammatory disease. Or it can lead to a condition called ectopic pregnancy -- can actually have a pregnancy in the fallopian -- So in terms of detecting the infection we have a good tests ']