['marriage for a long time she also says. Part of that debt depression stemmed from being able to conceive she had an  ectopic pregnancy  and suffered a lot of miscarriages she does have a couple of beautiful children with her. Now husband Durbin also ', 'that debt depression stemmed from being able to conceive she had an ectopic pregnancy and suffered a lot of miscarriages she does have a couple of beautiful children with her. Now husband -- Durbin also. A ', "deal with whatever pointed out of people that I know who have had abortions I haven't had one myself I have an  ectopic pregnancy  which was not my choice. but I people had abortions who don't think twice about it I mean this idea that everybody ", "who have had abortions I haven't had one myself I have an ectopic pregnancy which was not my choice. -- but I -- people had abortions who don't think twice about it I mean this idea ", "However if this doesn't work see your doctor. In addition there are some very serious causes pay. And these include  ectopic pregnancy . So if you think you could be pregnant. And have severe pain in the pelvis go to an emergency room.", 'there are some very serious causes -- -- pay. And these include ectopic pregnancy . So if you think you could be pregnant. And have severe pain in the pelvis go to an emergency room. ', "However if this doesn't work see your doctor. In addition there are some very serious causes pay. And these include  ectopic pregnancy . So if you think you could be pregnant. And have severe pain in the pelvis go to an emergency room.", 'there are some very serious causes -- -- pay. And these include ectopic pregnancy . So if you think you could be pregnant. And have severe pain in the pelvis go to an emergency room. ', 'infection. In the slope and a condition called pelvic inflammatory disease. Or it can lead to a condition called  ectopic pregnancy  can actually have a pregnancy in the flow paean to. So in terms of detecting the infection we have a good tests ', 'called pelvic inflammatory disease. Or it can lead to a condition called ectopic pregnancy -- can actually have a pregnancy in the flow paean to. So in terms of detecting the infection we have a good ', 'infection. In the slope and a condition called pelvic inflammatory disease. Or it can lead to a condition called  ectopic pregnancy  can actually have a pregnancy in the fallopian So in terms of detecting the infection we have a good tests that are ', 'called pelvic inflammatory disease. Or it can lead to a condition called ectopic pregnancy -- can actually have a pregnancy in the fallopian -- So in terms of detecting the infection we have a good tests ']