["Pyongyang, North Korea (CNN) -- The new leader of this isolated country has inaugurated a new veterans' cemetery, on the first of what are expected to be several days of elaborate ceremonies celebrating the 60th anniversary of the conclusion of the Korean War.", 'Several thousand North Koreans, some of them elderly veterans of the Korean conflict, cheered and applauded when Kim Jong Un arrived at the sprawling new cemetery accompanied by uniformed military commanders and civilian officials.', 'Kim did not speak to the audience. Instead, he cut a ribbon at the entrance to the cemetery compound, which is flanked by enormous monuments and statues depicting fierce North Korean soldiers.', 'He departed after making a brief tour of some of the gravestones. Then the crowd, which included men in baggy, dark suits and ties and women dressed in bright puffy gowns, walked with reverence past graves decorated with medals of heroism.', 'A woman named Kim Pu Ok flung herself weeping at the grave of her husband, a man named Chu Yung Hui who passed at the age of 74 in 2011.', 'Kim said her husband served as a pilot in the Vietnam War. She stood next to her son, who she said was also a pilot.', '"There are five pilots in our family," Kim said. "I am very angry at the U.S. imperialist policy against North Korea. That is why all of my family became Korean People\'s Army pilots -- to conquer the U.S. imperialists."', 'The North Korean government has invited a large number of foreign journalists to attend the 60th anniversary of the signing of the armistice, which brought an end to the Korean War.', 'Pyongyang describes the war as a decisive North Korean victory over Washington and its South Korean allies.', "Among the foreign visitors invited to attend this week's anniversary celebrations are several Chinese veterans and at least one former Soviet veteran of the conflict. Also present at Wednesday's event was Thomas Hudner, a veteran US air force pilot who has been granted permission to return to North Korea to search for the remains of a fallen comrade.", "Hudner's 60-year quest has been postponed, North Korean authorities say, due to torrential rains in the area where the remains are believed to be buried. Hudner has been invited back to resume his search in September.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]