["comment at all we haven't heard anything just yet that I am surely well we've certainly heard a lot from Jesse James and  Kat Von D . at the for the past few weeks actually they've been tweeting up a storm. With all of these W taxed. I'm so it's let's ", "am surely well we've certainly heard a lot from Jesse James and Kat Von D . at the for the past few weeks actually they've been tweeting up a storm. With all of these -- W taxed. I'm ", "Let's turn out of the latest buzz from the issue of us weekly we're so happy to have Kelly Marie is back with us Kelly great for being here so let's don't cover story out. Jesse James. And the he's marrying cap on it. His final insult the sand and she couldn't find out before announced she found", "these days Jesse James and his girlfriend tell us about what's going on here. Jesse James has stepped out very publicly with  Kat Von D . who is a tattoo artist and they have been all over town me. Went to her opening of her gallery in LA they've been in Austin ", 'going on here. -- Jesse James has stepped out very publicly with Kat Von D . who is a tattoo artist and they have been all over town me. Went to her opening of her gallery in LA ', "I RE AM good thanks so let's start with Jesse James and  Kat Von D . we've heard they were spotted together over the weekend mean a hot story right now on I gotta tell you I know what  Kat Von D . stands for its can't tell what is really she was seen all ", "I RE AM good thanks so let's start with Jesse James and Kat Von D . we've heard they were spotted together over the weekend that you -- up. -- what's the latest. I mean a hot story right now on I gotta tell you I know what Kat Von D . stands for its -- can't tell -- what is really -- -- she was seen all last weekend in Vegas -- Jesse ", "out we have levels you know sometimes it doesn't always happen the way you planet exactly arts and now we know Jesse James  Kat Von D . and they called off the engagement. And we've kind of been here a little bit from both sides and let the same time they're ", "the way you planet exactly arts and now we know Jesse James Kat Von D . and they called off the engagement. And we've kind of been here a little bit from both sides and let the same ", 'Johansson. With him briefly dated Sean Penn. Ryan Reynolds reportedly Sandra Bullock whose acts Jesse changed split with  Kat Von D . Got if you need an update the and after the show. Perhaps no other Hollywood this year got more attention. And reality ', 'Ryan Reynolds reportedly -- Sandra Bullock whose acts Jesse changed split with Kat Von D . Got -- if you need an update the -- and after the show. Perhaps no other Hollywood -- this year got more ', "acts. Sandra Bullock what is going on here. Yet this isn't really sticky situation source is telling touch weekly that  Kat Von D . Sandra Bullock out of the kids' lives you know she basically raised these kids especially Sonny who seven years old. Her ", "Yet this isn't really sticky situation source is telling touch weekly that Kat Von D . -- Sandra Bullock out of the kids' lives you know she basically raised these kids especially Sonny who seven years old. Her ", "my fears you know like I didn't write the book Make myself look better. I wrote it just the truth. And He has a new love  Kat Von D . a friend for many years. Who shares his passion for tattoos as star of TL c.'s LA ink you think it was hurtful all to ", "I wrote it just the truth. And He has a new love Kat Von D . a friend for many years. Who shares his passion for tattoos as star of TL c.'s LA ink you think it was ", "let's get you yeah let's give you this story don't come as a surprise that everyone out there. I'm so sorry to say that  Kat Von D . And Jesse James have broken up chinoy hasn't just been me apparently according to Jesse it was just a matter of the distance ", "a surprise that everyone out there. I'm so sorry to say that Kat Von D . And Jesse James have broken up chinoy -- -- hasn't just been me apparently according to Jesse it was just a matter ", "also has new baby so it's not like she has full time to give to char. Now the apparently also claiming that Jesse James and  Kat Von D . been dating longer than everybody thought is that right. Well supposedly he she said that her daughter told that cat's ", "-- char. Now the -- apparently also claiming that Jesse James and Kat Von D . been dating longer than everybody thought is that right. Well supposedly he she said that her daughter told -- that cat's been ", "excited to be a father all right congratulations to That you have some other relationship bus what's about Jesse James and  Kat Von D . we of course know her from a reality show Yeah that didn't do well were spotted in that. Lost that I guess over the weekend ", "you have some other relationship bus what's -- about Jesse James and Kat Von D . we of course know her from a reality show -- Yeah that -- didn't do well were spotted in that. Lost that "]