['Nicole Remini tells People magazine and a local radio station why her sister left Scientology.', 'spot modifications as population just quit. Now this may extend all the way back to speaking up Tom Cruise and Katie  Katie Holmes  their wedding in 2006 as a blocker out there with say. But she apparently went to the leader of the church announcement ', 'extend all the way back to speaking up Tom Cruise and Katie Katie Holmes -- their wedding in 2006 as a blocker out there with say. But she apparently went to the leader of the church ', 'Katie Holmes  hitting the town looking relaxed and just weeks after her divorce from Raising questions about whether the star is. Ready to start A glowing  Katie Holmes  stepped out on the town Friday night dining with the mystery man at trendy ', "Katie Holmes hitting the town looking relaxed and -- just weeks after her divorce from Tom Cruise so who's that guy the mystery man ABC's -- -- -- Here to solve the mystery good morning. Here to solve the mystery indeed down -- what is buzzing about Haiti's Friday night out on the town without her security detail she -- beaming relaxed than appeared very happy. Did the man she was -- at. Raising questions about whether the star is. Ready to start -- A glowing Katie Holmes stepped out on the town Friday night dining with the mystery man at trendy Manhattan restaurant no -- smiley. -- -- speaking ", 'And  katie holmes  just spoke out for the first time since her high-profile divorce from newly single, back in the spotlight and trying on a new role for size.  Katie holmes  made her first official public appearance since her tabloid headline ', "And katie holmes just spoke out for the first time since her high-profile divorce from tom cruise. And if she thought she was rattled by all of the allegations swirling around, she doesn't seem to be. She is proving to be a triple-threat of her own. Actress, model and brand-new fashion designer. Abc's linsey davis has the latest. Reporter: She's newly single, back in the spotlight and trying on a new role for size. Katie holmes made her first official public appearance since her tabloid headline split from tom cruise at the ninth annual style awards. What an ", 'perez. The beauty tips I will pass on to my daughter is to find happiness in everything. Reporter: Famous actress  katie holmes  shows off her bronzed skin in a sultry photo shoot for the april issue of "allure" magazine and opens up about the ', 'to my daughter is to find happiness in everything. Reporter: Famous actress katie holmes shows off her bronzed skin in a sultry photo shoot for the april issue of "allure" magazine and opens up about the ', "tomcat. Is calling it quits is  Katie Holmes  files for divorce from Tom Cruise hanging out on her own in New York  Katie Holmes  looked radiant happier than she's fairy tale. That wedding elevated  Katie Holmes  from being a promising on Dawson's ", 'the famous couple the tabloids dubbed tomcat. Is calling it quits is Katie Holmes files for divorce from Tom Cruise after five years of marriage. Speculation swirling about Holmes -- bid for sole custody of daughter ', "-- -- last week hanging out on her own in New York Katie Holmes looked radiant happier than she's looked in years. And crews didn't see this -- coming plenty of others that deep down I ", "a medieval castle in Italy a celebrity fairy tale. That wedding elevated Katie Holmes from being a promising -- on Dawson's Creek WB network the upper stratosphere -- apparently. -- not just a Hollywood a -- ", "Reporter: Even the rain can't even  katie holmes  down these days. Spotted on the they're trying. When we spoke to  katie holmes , she was excited about her future high-end stores like barney's?  Katie holmes  has never had a more exciting life ", "taking off just like her career. Reporter: Even the rain can't even katie holmes down these days. Spotted on the streets of new york city with daughter in tow. It appears holmes is taking advantage of ", "they don't want anyone to know they're trying. When we spoke to katie holmes , she was excited about her future. She definitely had a plan. She knew going forward she wanted to put her energy in ", "designs. Which are flying off the racks at high-end stores like barney's? Katie holmes has never had a more exciting life in terms of her career. She's got it all. She's got money behind her. She's got money, looks, fames, this is it. Strike while the iron is hot. Industry experts say katie holmes and the mast perful way she handled it added that customer will likely want to purchase her fashion label not only for ", 'There are new imagines coming in of  katie holmes . Cameras following her every move woman at the center of a tabloid  katie holmes  was captured in manhattan without be a sign of things to come for  katie holmes , former church official debby ', 'There are new imagines coming in of katie holmes . Cameras following her every move here in new york city. There are new questions about her split with tom cruise and whether or not the church of scientology played a role. Tonight the woman at the center of a tabloid katie holmes was captured in manhattan without her wedding ring. According to published reports, one of the main reasons why she filed for divorce ', "labor. In what could be a sign of things to come for katie holmes , former church official debby cook says people who leave the church are often excommunicated. Do you and your husband still have family in the church? Yes. We do. Do you have a continuing relationship with them? No. They have actually been asked or pressured in some way to not communicate to us right now. How painful is that? That's very painful. The church denies this and dismisses cook as a fraud. Outside katie holmes apartment, the cameras are lined up. They have both pleaded for privacy. Saying their top priity right now is their children. ", "Tom Cruise and  Katie Holmes  you're gonna see her there out in faith. Are under intense scrutiny.  Katie Holmes  seen out in Manhattan on Monday without Scientologist and for a time in their marriage  Katie Holmes  embrace those beliefs. But it does ", "Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes you're gonna see her there out in New York surrounded by bodyguards and ABC news has learned. That Katie has fired the ", "back at home his family and his faith. Are under intense scrutiny. Katie Holmes seen out in Manhattan on Monday without her wedding -- According to sources close to homes one of the main reasons why she filed for divorce was her husband's fierce loyalty to his faith. How big a role assigned to -- playing in this divorce Tom -- is -- committed Scientologist and for a time in their marriage Katie Holmes embrace those beliefs. But it does seem to be that she has moved away from them. I think -- privileged groups outside. ", 'labor in what could be a sign of things to -- for Katie Holmes . Former church executive Debbie cook says people who leave the church are often ex communicated. Do you -- your -- still have ', "entertainment stories of this year the divorce of Tom Cruise and  Katie Holmes  us weekly's latest edition on newsstands Friday has new details including why Tom Cruise. Wanted to keep  Katie Holmes  quiet about their marriage and. Katie secret conversations ", "biggest entertainment stories of this year the divorce of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes us weekly's latest edition on newsstands Friday has lots of new details including why Tom Cruise. Wanted to keep Katie Holmes quiet about their marriage and. Katie secret conversations with -- other ex wife Nicole Kidman. And here to give us the scoop ", 'Hollywood ending for Tom Cruise and  Katie Holmes  couple who shot under the of that that lasted barely five years.  Katie Holmes  filed for divorce yesterday asking earlier this month the friars club  Katie Holmes  was noticeably absent. Crews this ', "out of California tonight a dramatic Hollywood ending for Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes couple who shot under the -- of that infamous jump on Oprah's couch. Calling it quits the object of fascination and now ", "brand name was born Compaq. Paparazzi sensation that lasted barely five years. Katie Holmes filed for divorce yesterday asking for sole custody of their six year old daughter -- Sources close to crews tell ABC news this all came as a complete surprise to him -- he hasn't even hired a divorce lawyer area. When you file for sole custody that means that there's something Major -- wrong but in the tabloids rumors of a split have been swirling for weeks. The last time the couple was seen together was Oscar night at a Vanity Fair party. When Tom Cruise was honored earlier this month -- the friars club Katie Holmes was noticeably absent. Crews this marriage was Mission Impossible three. His previous two marriages to Mimi Rogers and Nicole Kidman also ended ", 'Tom Cruise, Katie Holmes  Divorce: Actor Sees Daughter Suri for First Time Since Settlement', 'first time since his split from  katie holmes . Amy robach joins us with more settlement between tom cruise and  katie holmes , holmes has primary custody of first appearance together since  katie holmes  filed for divorce from the a-list ', "his 6-year-old daughter suri, for the first time since his split from katie holmes . Amy robach joins us with more. Robin, in the divorce settlement between tom cruise and katie holmes , holmes has primary custody of his daughter. Tom took advantage of his generous visitations for the first time on tuesday. Tom cruise reunites with suri. Tom's first visit with suri since the split. Reporter: Their the headline grabbing photos. Tom cruise reuniting with daughter suri, their first appearance together since katie holmes filed for divorce from the a-list actor almost three weeks ago. Overnight, cruise, once again, carrying suri, this time cradles her head ", "divorce deal for tom cruise and  katie holmes . Amy robach is here with the latest That's right. Just 11 days after  katie holmes  stunned her husband and filed for These are the first images of  katie holmes , as a single woman, with suri ", "First, the lightning-fast divorce deal for tom cruise and katie holmes . Amy robach is here with the latest. Reporter: That's right. Just 11 days after katie holmes stunned her husband and filed for divorce, she and tom cruise have already reached a settlement. The quick agreement has reportedly been signed. And holmes and cruise are moving on with their new lives. But both committed to their daughter, suri. These are the first images of katie holmes , as a single woman, with suri entering a children's museum. In two weeks, what seemed like a breakup battle in the making ", "developments in the divorce drama between Tom Cruise and  Katie Holmes  reports that stand by reports say attorneys for the court and ABC's Tanya Rivero has all the details.  Katie Holmes  spent most of the day with her lawyers in New York yesterday ", "for our new developments in the divorce drama between Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes reports that stand by -- reports say attorneys for the stars. Put him behind the scenes talks to keep the high profile case. From going to court and ABC's Tanya Rivero has all the details. Katie Holmes spent most of the day with her lawyers in New York yesterday but it seems for now Comcast is putting -- -- ", "Those new details on  Katie Holmes  and Tom Cruise. Well on their face the details seem normal for cruise's new movie Jack creatures sounds like a foreshadowing of  Katie Holmes . Mary because had nothing good news. Since she filed for divorce ", 'Those new details on Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise. Well on their face the details seem normal for a holiday week Katie -- again out New York as ', "from Tom cruise's new movie Jack creatures sounds like a foreshadowing of Katie Holmes . Mary because -- had nothing good news. Since she filed for divorce but we're already seeing flashes of the old happy go ", "attorneys. Tom cruise and  katie holmes  have high-powered, pit bull divorce attorneys. It doesn't in her decision. Tom was completely blind side. Reporter:  Katie holmes  has hired christie brinkley's former divorce lawyer, thomas ", 'attorneys. Tom cruise and katie holmes have high-powered, pit bull divorce attorneys. It doesn\'t seem like these two will reconcile. A source told "people" that katie is unwavering in her decision. Tom was completely blind side. Reporter: Katie holmes has hired christie brinkley\'s former divorce lawyer, thomas majesky. Tom hired dennis wasser, the same attorney he used for his split with ', 'biggest divorces Tom Cruise. And  Katie Holmes  known for their orchestrated PDA the last photos of Tom Cruise and  Katie Holmes  together strolling hand in hand a whimper. Privacy may be one  Katie Holmes  filed for divorce we she did ', 'easily one of the biggest -- -- divorces -- Tom Cruise. And Katie Holmes known for their orchestrated PDA suddenly splitting -- crews say he was blind sided and homes asking for sole custody of their ', "lawyer. This is one of the last photos of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes together strolling hand in hand just two weeks ago. Telling extra about Father's Day all seem normal in tomcat lands. -- we're ", 'then leave the relationship with a whimper. Privacy may be one -- Katie Holmes filed for divorce we -- she did. In New York courts divorce is -- far more private matter. Than it is in ', "be the world's most famous 6-year-old at the center of the high-stakes superfast split between tom cruise and  katie holmes . Brand-new pictures with mom it now shows that life looks like it's getting back to normal. Mother and daughter ", "at the center of the high-stakes superfast split between tom cruise and katie holmes . Brand-new pictures with mom it now shows that life looks like it's getting back to normal. Mother and daughter going for an ", "Katie Holmes  and Tom cruise's divorce is finally. Final and now we're finding some of the settlement details TMZ reports that Katie did ", "Katie Holmes and Tom cruise's divorce is finally. Final and now we're finding -- some of the settlement details TMZ reports that Katie did ", 'pop news" action, shall we? We begin with new details on the tom-kat divorce settlement. According to tmz,  katie holmes  got no lump sum payment or spousal support from tom cruise. She is getting a fairly modest child support, considering ', "begin with new details on the tom-kat divorce settlement. According to tmz, katie holmes got no lump sum payment or spousal support from tom cruise. She is getting a fairly modest child support, considering cruise's $250 "]