['said after clearly being caught off guard. "In the movie \'Witness,\' in that scene where you were dancing with  Kelly McGillis  to that Sam Cooke song up in the barn," Vargas said of the 1985 thriller . "There was an article that came out ', 'young pilot named Maverick who is sent to Top Gun Naval Flying School and falls for a teacher. The film also starred  Kelly McGillis  and Val Kilmer and was nominated for four Oscars. According to imdb.com, the movie grossed $344 million worldwide ', "big-city detective protecting a young Amish boy from a ruthless killer, Ford falls for the boy's mother, played by  Kelly McGillis . The role earned him his only Academy Award nomination. Asked how he felt about never winning the Oscar, he told ", 'who is liked comes out," Barrios said, "It challenges people\'s truth and they become open to a new opinion."  Kelly McGillis  McGillis has played opposite some of Hollywood\'s hottest men. She did a graphic sex scene with a young Tom Cruise ', 'who is liked comes out," Barrios said, "It challenges people\'s truth and they become open to a new opinion."  Kelly McGillis  McGillis has played opposite some of Hollywood\'s hottest men. She did a fairly graphic sex scene with a young Tom ', 'famous female entertainers to realize later in life that they\'re lesbians. Earlier this year, "Top Gun" star  Kelly McGillis  confirmed rumors that she is a lesbian, saying she\'s "done with the man thing." "I did that. I need to move ', 'curiosity readers have about a community that generally shuns the modern world . Movies like "Witness," starring  Kelly McGillis  as an Amish woman, have provided glimpses into the world. And, in 2006, the country\'s attention was focused ', '"Top Gun" actress  Kelly McGillis , who last year came out as a lesbian, has entered into a civil union with girlfriend Melanie Leis, a New Jersey sales executive ', '"Top Gun" star  Kelly McGillis  has confirmed rumors that she is a lesbian, saying she is "done with the man thing." "I did that. I need to move on in life ', "Tom Cruise's lip-lock with  Kelly McGillis  in the movie Top Gun took the turns out that his 1986 movie with  Kelly McGillis  was the most memorable kiss they are: Top Gun, Cruise and  Kelly McGillis : 43 percent Jerry Maguire, Cruise ", "communist Greta Garbo. Witness saw policeman Harrison Ford dancing in the highbeams of a parked car with an Amish woman ( Kelly McGillis ). In The Graduate, young Benjamin Braddock becomes entangled with the older Mrs. Robinson (and it wasn't in ", 'first movie crush. Uh-oh, yeah? In the movie, "witness" when you did the scene where you were DANCING WITH  kelly McGillis  to the sam cooke sound up in the barn. An article came out a few years ago when people were asked to name their sexiest ', 'movie, "witness" when you did the scene where you were DANCING WITH kelly McGillis to the sam cooke sound up in the barn. An article came out a few years ago when people were asked to ', 'to You will Wear my very first movie crash. You. Eyewitness. when you did that scene where you were dancing with  Kelly McGillis  that Sam count up from the barn. I was went went we were there was an article came nineteen years ago people asked ', 'Eyewitness. -- when you did that scene where you were dancing with Kelly McGillis -- that Sam -- count up from the barn. I was went went we were there was an article came nineteen years ']