['Actor Darryl Hickman is 82. Cartoonist Jim Davis ("Garfield") is 68. Singer Jonathan Edwards is 67. Actress  Sally Struthers  is 65. Actress Georgia Engel is 65. Drummer Simon Kirke of Bad Company is 64. Guitarist Steve Morse of Deep Purple ', 'actors a chance to play against type. Exhibit A:  Sally Struthers , the daughter on "All in the Family" and later mobster Frank Smith. (This is the same role played by  Sally Struthers  in 2002.) 4. Meredith Vieira In 2002, Meredith ', '(Ogunquit Police Department/AP Photo) Former "All in the Family" actress  Sally Struthers  was arrested Thursday morning in Ogunquit, Maine, for allegedly operating a motor vehicle while under the influence, according ', 'Sally Struthers  is best known for her roles in "All in the Family," "Gilmore Girls" and "Still Standing," but the actress has long been ', 'Sally Struthers  is best known for her roles in "All in the Family," "Gilmore Girls" and "Still Standing," but the actress has long been ', 'raising awareness is also key. "It\'s all about just keeping heat, and not wearing people out either, like the old  Sally Struthers  model of the starving African supplicant position. It\'s kind of this is what communicates to politicians," Bono ', 'talented field staff from all over the country who now find themselves in Manchester without a job." LINK Clark:  Sally Struthers  -- eat your heart out. The New York Times Notes The General raked in roughly 50,000 a day in the first two weeks ', 'shoddily made Russian rocket ship. Cost: $20 million. Adopts 50,000 children for $24 a month for 50 years in  Sally Struthers -sponsored Save the Children program. Cost: $720 million. Donates $5 million to save the endangered American ', "fund insists you must adopt at least two burros (so they won't be lonesome). (Suggested Celebrity Endorsement:  Sally Struthers ) 4. For the Militant Feminist: A Bra Gun Holster Keep your hands off, fellas! This brassiere is loaded! Paxton ", 'calling my son \'Meathead.\' That\'s the kind of an impact they [All in the Family] had, even on a father."  Sally Struthers , who played Bunker\'s daughter, Gloria, on All in the Family, said working with O\'Connor was a joy. "I shared ', "shown on tv land with different actors playing gloria and mike. Get away from me, meathead. They were replaced and  sally struthers  and rob reiner got the job. I think his underwear is too tight. But it was carroll o'connor as archie who got ", "gloria and mike. Get away from me, meathead. They were replaced and sally struthers and rob reiner got the job. I think his underwear is too tight. But it was carroll o'connor as archie who got ", 'emmy nominated for his role as george jefferson so he had the respect of his peers as well as love of the audience.  Sally struthers  paid tribute to him on twitter. I loved him a lot. He was one of the good guys. He was one of the funny guys in ', 'the respect of his peers as well as love of the audience. Sally struthers paid tribute to him on twitter. I loved him a lot. He was one of the good guys. He was one of ']