["see his entire series of animated GIFs on his Tumblr . His works have been exhibited at the Moving the Still GIF Festival at  Art Basel  in Miami Beach, and at Action Gallery in Milan and Naples. See more featured photography curated by ABC News' photo editors ", 'to see a bit of the spectacle that\'s  Art Basel  , and its sister art fairs, will find Dogs": Less than 10 minutes away from  Art Basel  in the Design District , a formerly dilapidated end up in the more famous and exclusive  Art Basel , where it\'s hard to take a step without ', 'In the Midst of Glitzy Art Basel , a Non-Profit Raises Awareness About Poverty in Latin America', "that flock to Miami this week to peruse galleries at  Art Basel Miami Beach , there's a youth-led non-profit organization and the Dominican Republic. They are in Miami during  Art Basel  , the biggest art fair in the U.S., to exhibit ", 'values. Attending glittering events such as the annual  Art Basel Miami Beach , a four-day, celebrity-studded event representing visiting galleries and attending events such as  Art Basel . "Get familiar with different periods and genres ', "away in September of this year. Fairey's new wall will debut next Tuesday December 4th before the opening of  Art Basel Miami Beach  , one of the biggest art fairs in the world which brings together curators, collectors, and art lovers starting ", 'television screens, Lindsay Lohan has another film to tout: "First Point," a 5-minute long piece premiering today at  Art Basel . Part surf film, part David Lynch-ian exercise in suspense, "First Point" finds the 25-year-old star in positions ', 'happy about their support," said  Art Basel  Communications Manager Maike Cruse Perignon of the art world," said  Art Basel  spokesperson Bob Goodman. Art prospective United States clients at  Art Basel Miami Beach ." "They sent their salespeople ', 'times per year to pitch the bank\'s secretive services to well-heeled clients at such upscale events as Miami\'s annual  Art Basel  fair. "It\'s really, "Where do the rich people hang out, go and talk to them,\' " Birkenfeld told the Senate staffers ', 'times per year to pitch the bank\'s secretive services to well-heeled clients at such upscale events as Miami\'s annual  Art Basel  fair. "It\'s really, "Where do the rich people hang out, go and talk to them,\' " Birkenfeld told the Senate staffers ', 'The international summer art season is in full swing, with the Venice Bienale opening last weekend and  Art Basel  in Switzerland kicking off today. Saturday, "Documenta 12," another of the world\'s most important modern art exhibitions ', 'Shepard Fairey is in Miami working on a new mural before the start of  Art Basel Miami Beach .', 'At the Biggest Art Fair in the U.S., a Non-Profit Raises Awareness About Poverty in Latin America', 'During  Art Basel Miami Beach , a youth-led non-profit is raising awareness about poverty in Latin Ame', "work culture money and power intersect. And a bank under criminal investigation is a major part of the picture the lavish  art Basel  festivities. Are being hosted in part by UBS the financial firm accused of helping wealthy Americans dodge. The IRS. ABC's ", "under criminal investigation is a major part of the picture the lavish art Basel festivities. Are being hosted in part by UBS the financial firm accused of helping wealthy Americans dodge. The IRS. ABC's Brian Ross "]