['of valuable paintings from the Rotterdam Kunsthal, including works by Lucian Freud, Paul Gauguin, Henri Matisse,  Claude Monet  and Pablo Picasso. Though suspects were arrested in the case, officials had been unable to find the art. Now it appears ', 'including Pablo Picasso, Henri Matisse and  Claude Monet . In the video, the two black-hooded thieves Matisse: "la Liseuse en Blanc et Jaune"  Claude Monet : "Waterloo Bridge, London"  Claude Monet : "Charing Cross Bridge, London" Paul Gauguin ', 'including Pablo Picasso, Henri Matisse,  Claude Monet . In what is being called one of the most Matisse: "la Liseuse en Blanc et Jaune" 3.  Claude Monet : "Waterloo Bridge, London" 4.  Claude Monet : "Charing Cross Bridge, London" 5. Paul ', 'frightened patrons to lay down on the ground. They stole "Boy" and three other paintings during the heist. Two works by  Claude Monet  and Vincent Van Gogh were recovered a few days later, but the Cezanne and another work by Edgar Degas had not been ', 'in Fallujah U.S. Marines occupied the Iraq city that was once a stronghold for insurgency. Famous Birthdays 1840  Claude Monet  1891 Frederick Banting 1908 Joseph McCarthy 1935 King Hussein of Jordan 1948 Prince Charles 1954 Condoleeza Rice 1954 ', 'world." Still, he admits that for much of the population, art is "a dead thing," something Leonardo da Vinci,  Claude Monet  and others did in other centuries, that you look at while visiting Europe. But with the change in technology, and ', 'The paintings stolen from the Museum of Fine Arts in Nice, France, include two well-known impressionist works:  Claude Monet \'s "Cliffs Near Dieppe" and Alfred Sisley\'s "The Lane of Poplars at Moret." The other two, "Allegory of Earth ', 'Armed robbers have stolen art worth $100 million, including works by  Claude Monet  and Vincent van Gogh, from a Zurich museum, police said Monday. Zurich police said the robbery took place Sunday. Also among ', "French impressionist  Claude Monet , actor Charlie Chaplin, and U.S. President Harry Truman all stayed in the same fifth-floor suite at London's famed Savoy ", 'his name be withdrawn from the credits and says the movie is "not valid at all." However, he continues to stay busy. He is now hard at work on a new book about the great artist  Claude Monet , and true to form, it\'s a work of fiction.', 'Christopher Columbus standing in the bow of the Santa Maria, scanning the western horizon in the search for land; now,  Claude Monet  in his garden at Giverny, striving to depict the sunlight as it falls upon the water lilies; now, Adolf Hitler and ', 'end of the final reach, the heavily traversed Scalzi bridge near the railroad terminal. Like John Singer Sargent,  Claude Monet , James McNeil Whistler and Winston Churchill, artists still set up their easels on or near these spans, while visitors ', "museum's back entrance and walked out with seven paintings including harlequin head by Picasso. Waterloo bridge by  Claude Monet  and girl in front of open window by Paul Gauguin. automated security system went off with the museum does not keep ", 'out with seven paintings including harlequin head by Picasso. Waterloo bridge by Claude Monet and girl in front of open window by Paul Gauguin. -- automated security system went off with the museum does not keep ', "motorcycle make sense definitely weighs four pounds. A cool that a part of this webcast today by the French impressionist  Claude Monet  sold for more than. 41 million dollars Christie's auction house in New York Tuesday night a record for the artist's ", "-- part of this webcast today -- -- by the French impressionist Claude Monet sold for more than. 41 million dollars Christie's auction house in New York Tuesday night a record for the artist's work experts "]