['by an actress in a leading role in a play Nina Arianda, "Venus in Fur" Tracie Bennett, "End of the Rainbow"  Stockard Channing , "Other Desert Cities" Linda Lavin, "The Lyons" Cynthia Nixon, "Wit" Performance by an actor in a leading ', 'for 1,700 people, a performance set to feature Nina Arianda, Kerry Butler, Norbet Leo Butz, Bobby Cannavale,  Stockard Channing , Chuck Cooper Neil Patrick Harris, Meagn Hilty, Cheyenne Jackson, James Earl Jones, Tony Kushner, Angela Lansbury ', 'pop. The concert will feature performances by Nina Arianda, Kerry Butler, Norbet Leo Butz, Bobby Cannavale,  Stockard Channing , Chuck Cooper Neil Patrick Harris, Meagn Hilty, Cheyenne Jackson, James Earl Jones, Tony Kushner, Angela Lansbury ', 'of the film -- Travolta, Newton-John,  Stockard Channing  -- who reached new heights in their careers fans with a guest appearance on "Glee."  Stockard Channing /Rizzo  Stockard Channing , who played Rizzo, then and now A stage ', "has that. Cindy McCain Cindy McCain's Hollywood alter-ego has got to be a blonde. Finn: She's hard. But  Stockard Channing  as a blonde could be great, or take the opposite tack and go with a Morgan Fairchild, the cool glam. But Felicity ", "on Animal Planet. Click here to visit the Web site. Celebrity involvement also adds appeal. This season actress  Stockard Channing  is narrating the U.S. version. The show's success has even spawned a feature film, narrated by Whoopi Goldberg ", 'Naveen Andrews. Also nominated is Oliver Platt of "Huff." Supporting Actress, Drama Series: "West Wing\'s"  Stockard Channing  has been nominated six consecutive years. She took home the trophy in 2002, but it\'s hard to make the case that ', "You'll also see her co-starring with Heath Ledger in The Kelly Gang and with Kate Hudson, Glenn Close and  Stockard Channing  in Le Divorce. She's currently working on 21 Grams with Sean Penn and Benicio Del Toro. If success is now coming ", "And, oh the drama of it all The West Wing picked up its third straight Emmy for best drama, while cast members  Stockard Channing , Allison Janney and John Spencer all won a statuette. Janney, who plays the president's press secretary on West ", 'nominated in the supporting category. Sheen has another best actor nomination. All the women including Janel Moloney,  Stockard Channing  and Mary-Louise Parker are nominated for their supporting roles, and Janney has the best actress nomination ', 'proceed with Sheen and other cast members without the missing co-stars, sources said. In other West Wing news,  Stockard Channing , who plays the fictional first lady on the series, has become a regular cast member. Reuters contributed to this ', 'proceed with Sheen and other cast members without the missing co-stars, sources said. In other West Wing news,  Stockard Channing , who plays the fictional first lady on the series, has become a regular cast member. Reuters contributed to this ', "at just out of rehab visiting her sister brother my niece and nephew Christmas holidays we have a clip at you and  Stockard Channing  really sort of illustrating bitter. Sometimes lovable lovable regulation and it's money related. The particulate ", "and nephew -- Christmas holidays we have a clip at you and Stockard Channing really sort of illustrating -- bitter. Sometimes lovable lovable regulation and it's money related. The particulate liquid. -- -- of -- indicated "]