['Salvador Dali\'s Sleep" "Paul Gauguin\'s Tahitian Women (On the Beach)" "Goya\'s The 3rd of May, 1808? " Leonardo da Vinci \'s Mona Lisa" "Matisse\'s La Danse" "Vincent Van Gogh Starry Night" To see more of Tammam Azzam\'s work ', 'Credit: Nam Y. Huh/AP Photo 11:15 a.m. ET Early \'Mona Lisa\' What is being touted as an earlier version of  Leonardo da Vinci \'s famous "Mona Lisa" painting is to be shown in Geneva today, according to the Mona Lisa Foundation . The foundation ', "if not the most famous piece of art in the world.  Leonardo da Vinci 's masterpiece has inspired numerous forgeries and and professor Alessandro Vezzosi, director of the  Leonardo da Vinci  Museum in Vinci, Italy, have lent their support ", "had nothing to do with his father's actions. 5. Possible Da Vinci Found in Farm House A possible painting by  Leonardo da Vinci  was found in a Scottish farmhouse. The painting had been kept in the house for decades but when it was appraised ", "Claudio Giovannini/AFP/Getty Images The bones of Mona Lisa, the woman who posed for  Leonardo da Vinci 's famous masterpiece in the 1500s, may be located beneath an altar in an Italian church, according to researchers. Claudio ", "skeleton buried beneath the floor of a convent in Florence is thought to be that of Lisa Gherardini, who many think was  Leonardo da Vinci 's muse. GREENLAND: WHY THE ICE BROKE OFF That chunk of ice twice the size of Manhattan broke off of Greenland's ", "its final penny, ending 150 years of production. DA VINCI SKETCHES GO ON DISPLAY The largest-ever collection of  Leonardo da Vinci 's drawing of the human body go on display today at Buckingham Palace. The exhibition at the palace's Queen's ", 'riveting mystery novels: A team of researchers has spent nearly 40 years searching for a long-lost painting by  Leonardo Da Vinci , and may have located it beneath another work that was painted over it. The research team, lead by University ', 'seen around Mona Lisa\'s head and a snake or crocodile is near her right shoulder. The animals led Piccirillo to  Leonardo da Vinci \'s journals and a few passages that mention the animals he sees. "When I came across these answers, which I call ', 'Napoleon Bonaparte, Margaret Thatcher,  Leonardo da Vinci  ... history is full of names of famous figures who accomplished historical feats on reportedly few hours of sleep. Now, new research ', "which didn't protect them from falling prey to forgers soon afterwards, and from buying a fake wax bust of  Leonardo da Vinci . Hundreds of forged artifacts and works of art lie hidden in the cabinets of museums in Europe and the United States ", "tanning, fighting clan get into 4,000 miles from home and in the midst of historical figures like Dante and  Leonardo da Vinci ? Lots. Before the show's premiere, ABC News' Chris Connelly went behind-the-scenes with the colorful cast ", 'tanning, fighting clan get into 4,000 miles from home and in the midst of historical figures like Dante and  Leonardo da Vinci ? Lots. ABC News\' Chris Connelly went behind-the-scenes with the colorful cast in Italy for "Good Morning ', "a younger, fresher-looking twin also painted by  leonardo da VINCI ? The second painting has been hidden in a vault for exciting to believe that this is by leonardo. Reporter:  Leonardo da vinci  painted mona lisa in the early 1500s. There's a ", "Could the mona lisa have a younger, fresher-looking twin also painted by leonardo da VINCI ? The second painting has been hidden in a vault for half a century. And she's now being revealed to the world this ", "and interesting and exciting to believe that this is by leonardo. Reporter: Leonardo da vinci painted mona lisa in the early 1500s. There's a lot of old copies out there because at the time it was common ", 'A mystery and masterpiece by  Leonardo Da Vinci  may be hitting in the walls behind another painting. Historians believe this fresco titled the battle of eight Exists on a wall ', 'A mystery and masterpiece by Leonardo Da Vinci may be hitting in the walls behind another painting. Historians believe this fresco titled the battle of eight -- Exists on a ', "historical fantasy theories about the great genius  Leonardo Da Vinci  this week. It's called the think she's demons need to kind of ignorant. But now you are playing  Leonardo Da Vinci  tell us about that is exciting to place Famous historical ", "Stars premieres its new historical fantasy theories about the great genius Leonardo Da Vinci this week. It's called the think she's demons and it highlights the adventures of -- 25 year old that in cheek as ", "would you need to kind of ignorant. But now you are playing Leonardo Da Vinci tell us about that is -- exciting to place -- Famous historical care it's incredible landing an intimidating ticking because we're bringing ", 'supper at the iconic painting by  Leonardo Da Vinci  that sparked international obsession reports. The last supper one of  Leonardo Da Vinci  is most famous frescoes a centuries revealed millions crushing several  Leonardo Da Vinci  web sites today those sites ', "Controversial new theory about the last supper at the iconic painting by Leonardo Da Vinci that sparked international obsession when it was featured in the the Vinci code over the movie. But now -- high tech analysis of the painting seems to have uncovered. A brand new secret -- Hidden in those familiar images a secret message inside. A masterpiece -- -- -- not ABC's -- Hobson reports. The last supper one of Leonardo Da Vinci is most famous frescoes a centuries old -- Turkey's. Boulder -- ground -- and eventually -- -- rounded. And argues that Jesus ", 'Internet just hours after it was revealed millions -- -- crushing several Leonardo Da Vinci web sites today those sites are still down. Some are -- -- there was some fairly fancy camera work. Being done and that you can make computer generated image is do what you want them to do. So did Leonardo Da Vinci -- -- own secret key route or is it just another conspiracy theory. The Good Morning America Lama has an ABC news ', "Scientists in Italy may have uncovered the skeleton of  Leonardo da Vinci's  muse."]