['How many more colors can  Zoe Saldana  be on the big screen? The actress portrays green-skinned alien Gamora in Marvel\'s "Guardians of the Galaxy" after going ', "like Pratt, 34, hasn't lost his playful sense of humor while gaining the body of a Greek god. Pratt will star alongside  Zoe Saldana  in the latest Marvel comic film, set to be released next year. Pratt, who will take on the role of Star-Lord, has definitely ", 'It\'s hard to believe that the original "Star Trek" television series lasted just three seasons and was cancelled in 1969 because of low ratings. Since then, there have been five additional TV series and 12 motion pictures, including the second film in the J.J. Abrams reboot, "Star Trek Into', 'Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP Actress  Zoe Saldana  may have bared it all on the new cover next to the "Avatar" beauty reads: " Zoe Saldana : 115 Pounds of Grit and Heartache the Internet. One person tweeted " Zoe Saldana \'s weight revealed on Allure cover ', 'InStyle Following her breakup with Bradley Cooper , actress  Zoe Saldana  hasn\'t given up on love. "I worship men. Men are Adonises she told InStyle. "Literally, I\'m sweating." Read:  Zoe Saldana  As Nina Simone Darkens Controversy She did, however, allude ', 'musician and actress. She is managed by Next Models Management. Cooper has been single since splitting from "Avatar" actress  Zoe Saldana  at the end of last year. Representatives for Cooper did not immediately respond to ABCNews.com\'s request for comment ', "isn't the only music biopic on the horizon. A film about Nina Simone is in the works, though the casting of  Zoe Saldana  as the celebrated soul and jazz singer has stirred controversy. RELATED:  Zoe Saldana  as Nina Simone Darkens Controversy", 'followers to vote no matter their political affiliation: Kate Walsh : "Epic lines at polls...America is VOTING, yo!"  Zoe Saldana  : "Don\'t forget to vote today...every vote counts. -ZS" Chrissy Teigen (model and fiance of John Legend): "Long ', 'For a Hollywood It girl,  Zoe Saldana  doesn\'t have it easy. Despite story "Super Slimmy Trimmy: Is  Zoe Saldana  Wasting Away Into A Bulimic Betty Simone. This is not a diss to  Zoe Saldana . She is an excellent actress ', 'The first photo of actress  Zoe Saldana  as the celebrated jazz and soul singer Nina Simone has been leaked on the Internet, answering some questions and raising others ', "a fitting evolution from the innocent drug-muling teenager she portrayed in her breakout film, Maria Full of Grace.  Zoe Saldana  We love you, Zoe, and we know you tried your best to be fierce in Colombiana . But eat a burger, then we'll talk. America ", 'Meet the 35 Hottest Latinos in Entertainment, According to the Hollywood Reporter', 'network ratings, and buzz about their upcoming projects. Some obvious names pop up on the list (like 34-year-old  Zoe Saldana  , 20-year-old Selena Gomez ), as do more obscure ones (32-year-old hottie Oscar Isaac , who starred in Drive , The ', 'Reporter: Late wednesday the controversy rocketed across the internet. One person tweeting " zoe saldana\'s weight revealed on "allure cover." For every step forward mags take three back" and another "i don\'t think putting the weight on ', "Robert celebrity buzz from the latest issue weekly we are so happy to have Erica with hi there Erica fantasy in fact so let's with some breaking news Zell AFL dot in gains. she just kept her love life really under wraps. But she's been dating the last two years he's an actor also runs a company", "The questionable because only the she took its sense. I I think she is drop dead gorgeous. And Iran but the thing about  Zoe Saldana  stressed was that I think there's a lot going on and it's detracted from her beauty I mean there was color and there was ", "think she is drop dead gorgeous. And Iran but the thing about Zoe Saldana stressed was that I think there's a lot going on and it's detracted from her beauty I mean there was color and ", 'of an African American family in the deep south. A family that has to come to terms with the path to marked by an interracial affair. BP G thirteen film stars real union  Zoe Saldana  and Billy Dee Williams. This is George and reporting.', 'by an interracial affair. BP G thirteen film stars -- real union Zoe Saldana and Billy Dee Williams. This is George and -- reporting. ']