['assassination. Now three time Academy Award winning director  Oliver Stone  is taking on South America. He says our neighbors to He said on the road trip to try to change that and  Oliver Stone  joins us now and has instead he appeared for south American ', "Street in the Kennedy assassination. Now three time Academy Award winning director Oliver Stone is taking on South America. He says our neighbors to the south haven't gotten a fair shake from the American media and armed with a camera. He said on the road trip to try to change that and Oliver Stone joins us now and has instead he appeared -- for south American -- white linen suit. -- this is the old cliche ", "Here's our review from time out new York film critic. Josh dropped off. W  Oliver stone 's new film about George W. Bush turns out to be a very. Absorbing and complex portrait of a very influential and polarizing ", "review from time out new York film critic. Josh dropped off. W Oliver stone's new film about George W. Bush turns out to be a very. Absorbing -- and complex portrait of a very influential and ", "the film, they will see crazy things. We talked to  oliver stone  yesterday, selma, the day before. This is close to need to work on it so this is a beautiful picture by  oliver stone . A love story. It's beautiful. It's complicated ", 'audience sees the film, they will see crazy things. We talked to oliver stone yesterday, selma, the day before. This is close to her heart. She, like you, is from mexico. And we know how much ', "need to work on it so this is a beautiful picture by oliver stone . A love story. It's beautiful. It's complicated. And he's really a piece of work. He's a great guy. He's a great director. ", "Henderson went to see savages new  Oliver Stone  it. Good morning GA this morning you've had a time of the and and got  Oliver Stone  he directed this phone. And as liked both but in my and I wish  Oliver Stone  just stuck with one. And just ", "name director. Digital news associate -- Henderson went to see savages new Oliver Stone it. Good morning GA this morning you've had a -- time of the -- and -- -- and got -- -- Oliver Stone he directed this phone. And as one critic said if you really did pull out his -- for this movie because it. ", "to this don't. I liked both but in my and I wish Oliver Stone -- -- just stuck with one. And just done at that I would not I don't like details of the -- kind ", "what's up for Tony twelve. Now we got John Carter. going to battleship. Peter Berg directed and then we just finished  Oliver Stone  film called savages. Incredible yeah well. John Travolta Venetian del Toro and Uma Thurman I had great great yeah ", "-- going to battleship. Peter Berg directed and then we just finished Oliver Stone film called savages. Incredible yeah well. John Travolta Venetian del Toro and Uma Thurman -- I had great great yeah. Here you're ", "ranch. Skywalker Four hi or should say digital projection. To convince us to work with digital and if that's and  Oliver Stone  and Spielberg and Michael Mann. Barbara breeders' all of us asking questions looking at stuff examples Jim Cameron ", "projection. To convince us to work with digital and if that's and Oliver Stone and -- -- Spielberg and Michael Mann. Barbara breeders' all of us asking questions looking at stuff examples Jim Cameron couldn't come ", "people I think every one it's  Oliver Stone  it's it. It's Nicolas Cage dialogue dramatize real events.  Oliver Stone  tells a story brilliantly simply place you'll never forget it.  Oliver Stone  tells us about that September 11 ", "over more than a lot of people I think every one it's Oliver Stone it's it. It's Nicolas Cage and -- Full disclosure absolutely if I didn't have to see this film I don't think I would have hit -- is that tough. And like me you may be thinking -- lived through it wants I don't want him to Begin but the genius. Of this movie. Is it it's not about a disaster it's a film about hope. A true story they is real dialogue dramatize real events. Oliver Stone tells a story brilliantly simply -- subtly. And it does -- only great films can do it takes -- to a place you've never been before. And makes it a place you'll never forget it. Oliver Stone tells us about that September 11 to the eyes of two men. Port Authority cops Sargent John McLaughlin Nick Cage and -- ", "She to  Oliver stone 's blockbuster. 1987. Film Wall Street opens tomorrow. What's got us thinking about the 1980s. How things have and have ", "She -- to Oliver stone's blockbuster. 1987. Film Wall Street opens tomorrow. What's got us thinking about the 1980s. How things have and have not changed it's ", "These self proclaimed had hailed. And from football they greed in knots yeah me Rudnick has surges. the sequel to  Oliver stone 's Wall Street I'm They look at Australia 469%. This week and people are going online to meet the is tired pretty ", "greed in knots yeah me Rudnick has surges. -- the sequel to Oliver stone's Wall Street I'm -- They look at -- Australia -- 469%. This week and people are going online to meet the -- ", 'again finding get first couple takes. Juice you front to get some crucial owners. That would you basically worked with  Oliver Stone  worked with Michael Douglas and also that study had to do about finances what do you think away from them. I think ', 'to get some crucial owners. That would you -- basically worked with Oliver Stone worked with Michael Douglas and also that study had to do -- about finances what do you think -- -- away from ', "AM he has listen. advertisers. Are advertising on a show that is about a guy that is doing exactly what. What is  Oliver Stone  showed he brings in her sixty until until around this and that why is it. And and his children's that they had gone ", 'that is about a guy that is doing exactly what. What is Oliver Stone showed he brings in her -- sixty until -- -- -- until -- around this and that -- why is it. And ', 'in Lafayette park across in the across the street from the White House a bomb goes off. our hero the former assassin  Oliver Stone  love that name has to figure out how did it and why it. And the interesting thing about it felt that she is that in ', 'White House a bomb goes off. -- our hero the former assassin Oliver Stone -- -- love that name has to figure out how did it and why it. And the interesting thing about it felt ', "first that you many many years back from the witness when you read researching Richard Nixon testified that story for  Oliver Stone  and I'm just wondering. Of all the characters you've done. Didn't even stay with finish the job and move on ", "the witness when you read researching Richard Nixon testified that story for Oliver Stone and I'm just wondering. Of all the characters you've done. Didn't even stay with -- -- finish the job and move on. ", "Wall Street's view is that perfect are not Shia LaBeouf playing the new role I opposite Michael Michael Douglas and  Oliver Stone  the director these are guys who made their living on these site guys films for an entire career. And you take the combination ", 'the -- new role I -- opposite Michael -- Michael Douglas and Oliver Stone the director these are guys who made their living on these site guys films for an entire career. And you take the ', "have not eluded this Oscar winner  Oliver stone 's attention. In JFK presented anchor Terry Moran sat down with  Oliver stone 's. For an exclusive and. This is  Oliver Stone . In his element with everyone ", "in natural born killers even presidents have not eluded this Oscar winner Oliver stone's attention. In JFK presented his version of Kennedy's assassination. In Nixon He veered toward political biography and now in W his new film. He tackles for the first time a sitting president my co anchor Terry Moran sat down with Oliver stone's . For an exclusive and. This is Oliver Stone . In his element with everyone you can download. -- And that's -- review. Stone has spent the better part of a year ", "like W is a flattering portrait of bush well this is an Oliver Stone movie and hear it come -- -- placed its. History. My history won't be dead. I don't underestimate George Bush but. Miss ", "alcoholic -- we're talking about how much of that how much of Oliver stone's politics is in this mode. Well you getting me going is all -- still has two person as I roller stone private ", "MW. You may know there's an  Oliver Stone  movie of that title on George W and newspaper opinion pieces.  Oliver stone 's W is out today a fictional film critic Josh dropped off. W  Oliver stone 's new film about George W. Bush ", "term mementos from that fateful voyage MW. You may know there's an Oliver Stone movie of that title on George W. Bush. It opens in theaters today and we have an interview with the star Josh ", "theater to your diet of Sunday morning shows and newspaper opinion pieces. Oliver stone's W is out today a fictional portrayal of our current president's rise to power. Rolling Stone film critic Peter Travers recently sat ", "review from time out new York film critic Josh dropped off. W Oliver stone's new film about George W. Bush turns out to be a very. A -- beings and complex portrait of a very influential ", "time for the November elections  Oliver Stone  is putting out his. Picture it's current president George W. Bush and  Oliver Stone  being certified wild man. Has moves up in his political career  Oliver Stone . When you don't know what kind ", "other dust you. I was just in time for the November elections Oliver Stone is putting out his. Picture it's called W and so our president it is about our current president George W. Bush and Oliver Stone being -- certified wild man. Has cast Josh Roland as -- and visited -- He isn't wild -- speak and as He moves up in his political career -- Oliver Stone . When you don't know what kind of walls will be written down what kind of clips will be left off. -- I'm "]