['public." The Church of  Scientology  declined to comment about break from the Church of  Scientology , - " Crash " director  Paul Haggis  left the church in 2009 decades of involvement with  Scientology  to choose between them and ', 'break from the Church of  Scientology . "I wish to share my sincere break from the Church of  Scientology , - " Crash " director  Paul Haggis  left the church in 2009 departure. The Church of  Scientology  declined to comment about ', "Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group Statement Concerning Lawrence Wright's Book, 'Going Clear'", 'book, "Going Clear," responding to the Church of  Scientology  statement. Wright spent several years researching and genesis of this book - his The New Yorker article about  Paul Haggis  ("The Apostate") - won the National Magazine Award ', 'Church of Scientology : Who Is Nazanin Boniadi, the Actress Linked to Tom Cruise?', 'the Church of  Scientology  as a candidate RELATED:  Paul Haggis  Supports Vanity the Church of  Scientology , Orth said involved with  Scientology . She is not Scientologist  Paul Haggis  has supported com, the " Crash " director ', "Church of Scientology  Told Actress Vetted to Be Tom Cruise's Partner She Would 'Save the World,' Writer Says", 'reportedly sent to a  Scientology  center where she The Church of  Scientology , however, denied Scientologist  Paul Haggis  supports Vanity com, the " Crash " director says the Church of  Scientology  International ', 'former Scientologist  Paul Haggis  supports Vanity Fair\'s auditioned by the Church of  Scientology  to be Tom Cruise\'s done." The Church of  Scientology  told ABC News in a statement spokeswoman for the Church of  Scientology  International, said ', 'Screenwriter-Director Paul Haggis  Speaks Out for First Time Since Leaving Church of Scientology ', 'Academy award -winning screenwriter-director  Paul Haggis  now calls Church of  Scientology  , according screenwriter for " Million Dollar Baby " and " Crash ," which told the  Scientology  magazine presenting  Paul Haggis \' account ', 'long adhered to  Scientology  , last week Oscar-winning director  Paul Haggis  broke rank scathing letter to  Scientology  spokesman Tommy that include " Crash ," "  Million Dollar Baby  " and " Letters breaking with  Scientology . Haggis wrote ', 'A-list writers make more than $5 million a year, $400,000 a week for a rewrite of a film in trouble, but for every  Paul Haggis  and for every Tina Fey there are thousands of writers you will never hear of. In fact, almost half of the West Coast ', 'Forster, known for intimate dramas such as "Finding Neverland" and "Monster\'s Ball."  Paul Haggis , Oscar-winning writer-director of " Crash ," co-wrote both of Craig\'s "Bond" movies. And the villain this time, a faux-eco ', 'include "Knocked Up" director Judd Apatow, "The Simpsons" creator and producer Matt Groening, " Million Dollar Baby " producer  Paul Haggis , and "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and "Seinfeld" producer Larry David. And entertainment legends like ', 'festival. "It\'s important that we start to hear their voices in cinema," said Hollywood director and screenwriter  Paul Haggis . If that\'s not enough, Abu Dhabi will also be home to the world\'s largest Persian prayer rug. It\'s a spectacle ', 'Marr Nealon. "Celebrities Danny Glover, Sean Penn, Willie Nelson, Ed Begley Jr, James Cromwell,  Paul Haggis  (writer/director of " Crash "), Alexandra Paul ("Baywatch"), and Paul Winner (creator of the garden burger) have all endorsed ', "all along with  Scientology 's look at the existed about  Scientology 's these allegations recent director  Paul Haggis . A director  Million Dollar Baby  and  crash  get his letter comment about  Scientology 's", "place of religion Parton to what does that term -- how about Scientology's . Lawsuits lately a lot of controversy and criticism of this case. Is that the right word for it that's what we'll start today Scientology's . Father Edward Beck. What is wrong with recognizing this as a religion. Of personal. And kind of -- to criticize. Any religion because I know that we all -- appear to be a little bit weird. And if you think about it I believe and a guy who walked on water change credit lines it was body and blood and rose from the dead people could say watt. But when you consider. Some of the tenets of Crist Scientology's . And you consider some of the recent history of it it does appear to be more cult like -- religion. How so ", "in 1993. So there's been a lot of suspicion all along with Scientology's look at the case in Paris in France. I mean they just got sued for a million dollars to supposedly bilking people ", "on the entertainment community. I'm -- dollar figures. This is existed about Scientology's these allegations. On. I just feel that if you look at them in the micro. You hear all these other things about ", "the founder of  Scientology 's. Which by He convicted six  Scientology 's leaders of screenwriter of  crash  and  Million Dollar Baby Paul Haggis . Was angry that the church of  Scientology 's didn't announce ", "I am father Edward that in New York to put it mildly Scientology's He has not had an easy time of it recently now where I began. While our Roland Martin Bashir was snubbed when Scientology's spokesman Tommy Davis yanked his microphone off and ended the Nightline interview. Davis was indignant when this year passed it Scientologist. Believed that galactic emperor called Z new. Brought his people -- or 75 million years ago and buried them in a volcano. Now such Scientology's secrets are supposedly reserved for the more advanced in the church have gone through extensive audits as they're called. L. Ron Hubbard the founder of Scientology's Which by the way has only been around since 1953. Taught that people are spiritual beings called agents who really been around for thousands of years. Well whatever Scientologist may teach. Last week a Paris court didn't think much of it. -- find them nearly a million dollars when He convicted six Scientology's leaders of organized fraud. For bilking followers out of large sums of money. And to add insult to injury a famous Scientologist has now denounced the group. The Oscar winning director and screenwriter of crash and Million Dollar Baby Paul Haggis Was angry that the church of Scientology's didn't announce proposition eight in California. Which denied same sex marriage. And He also said that Scientologist lied when they denied a policy of disconnection. From family members or friends who question their affiliation with Scientology's In a scathing letter packets wondered what else they might be lying about. Now I'm not usually one to call anyone else's religion weird after all I believe and a guy who walked on water changed bread and water into his body and blood. And rose from the dead. However I do wonder about calling Scientology's A religion I know it gives them tax exempt status to do so. But it seems to need more like a weird cult. I mean secret beliefs and membership. Lavish money payments. Isolating members from loved ones. And a leader who supposedly strikes his subordinates when He doesn't like what they say or do. And that's according to four former high ranking Scientology's executives. Now it seems to me where there's that much smoke there's fire and I don't mean the holy spirit kind. Tom ", 'But the church of si  scientology  denied the allegations woman the church of  scientology  cast to be cruise\'s about boniadi. " Crash " director  paul haggis  says he\'s known But the church of  scientology  denies all of this ', 'process of finding a girlfriend for tom cruise. A high-stakes matchmaking game, scientology chief, david miscavidge. They would be asked questions of what do you think of tom cruise. Mark headily a former scientologist, said ', 'for a girlfriend for tom cruise. Reporter: But the church of si scientology denied the allegations. "Vanity fair" says the auditions were taken and used to find a match for cruise. "Vanity fair" claims this is the woman the church of scientology cast to be cruise\'s girlfriend. Nazanin boniadi, an iranian-born actress, who has appeared in "ironman," "general hospital," and "how I met your ', 'former scientologist is coming forward to back the article\'s claims about boniadi. " Crash " director paul haggis says he\'s known for her about three years. And says she was, quote, embarrassed by her unwitting involvement. I was deeply disturbed how the highest members of a church could easily justify using one of their members. But the church of scientology denies all of this. Telling abc news, the entire story is hogwash. There was no product, secret or otherwise, ever conducted by the church to find a bride, audition or otherwise, for any member. Scientology also says no church members were used. Nor were they punished nor silenced. As for haggis, scientology says he\'s an apostate, who is, quote, attempting to grab headlines and falsely slander his former religion. Cruise\'s p.R. Person says lies ', "pretty explosive story here about Tom Cruise and cannot  Scientology 's how they really were all auditioning. Women to be being corroborated by writer director of the fresh.  Paul Haggis  he confirms that he knows this how woman who of the homes ", "that's coming up pretty explosive story here about Tom Cruise and cannot Scientology's how they really were all auditioning. Women to be his wife before he met Katie Holmes -- literally there's a process that were interviews it was this whole thing. And now the stories being corroborated by -- writer director of the -- fresh. Paul Haggis he confirms that he knows this how woman who of the homes was finally -- Thomas found myself with. Moore's name their ", "bring medical supplies down there but we also are part that was somebody. Who we have the director of the movie  crash  and  Paul Haggis  so. He had a 5000 per person Bryant's and Rizzo likes. One day crashing in the league veteran absolute. Any ", "that was somebody. Who -- we have the director of the movie crash and -- Paul Haggis so. He had a 5000 per person Bryant's and Rizzo likes. One day -- crashing in the league veteran absolute. Any movies ", "You know model and Michael Robinson plays and then over the so shut up sell the Quincy it was just an amazing time  Paul Haggis . Who directed the whole thing so was his big crazy circus but I think and that's wonderful that is wonderful I want ", "shut up sell -- the Quincy it was just an amazing time Paul Haggis . Who directed the whole thing so was his big crazy circus but I think -- -- and that's wonderful that is wonderful ", "going to be Something that working worth charity court artisan peace and justice with a lot of other actors and directors  Paul Haggis  and Diane Lane enjoyed And they've been raising money to basically find sponsor schools and if they were also there ", "peace and justice -- with a lot of other actors and directors Paul Haggis and Diane Lane enjoyed -- And they've been raising money to basically find -- sponsor schools and if they were also there "]