["Shana Thomas: As a young child up, of my dad, I recall, is him gettin' on a plane and havin' to leave.", 'It all fit some sort of traditional ideal: successful father, stay-at-home mom, three lovely little girls.', 'Robert provided Janet and the girls with all the trappings: big house, pool, even a horse for little Susan.', 'SusanWaller: And-- him and-- his friend that he worked with-- decided to buy a bar business.', 'Here it was: not exactly upscale, even though it held the remaining hopes of the Kirkup family. But for all his success in senior management, robert did not appear to possess an aptitude for running a saloon.', 'SusanWaller: I was given the choice (chuckle) to either go live with them in their motor home and go travel around the country or to go live with my sister Shauna.', "SusanWaller: She went down to the San Bernardino County-- Sheriff's Department and filed the missing person's report.", "An investigation was started, but it seemed to go nowhere. And so into the box went their father's letter and that missing person's report. To join the unwritten things, the unspeakable memories, already there. And - perhaps at least - the answer to the riddle that would soon begin to drive three sisters apart.", 'Robert and Janet Kirkup set off in their motorhome in late 1991. A year later, the children stopped hearing from their mother. And then a humiliated Robert wrote that she had left him, run off with another man. ', 'And once her sisters were gone, said Susan, she and her mother both had knots in their stomachs.', 'And because they both lived in such fear of Robert, Susan says, the bond between her and her mother grew even stronger.', 'But living with Shana was not without its own difficulties. So Susan left and - for a while - joined her parents in their tiny motorhome.', 'Keith Morrison: What was that like, living with the two of them in the little, confined space like that?', "Susan lasted five months with her bickering parents before fleeing their misery and heading back to shana. And when she heard the story that a man with money had come along, why wouldn't her mother leave?", 'SusanWaller: I guess part of me, somehow, wished that she was off somewhere, on, in Hawaii, on a beach. ', "KeithMorrison: That your father couldn't provide for her the way she wanted, so she found--", 'KeithMorrison: So you remember your mom as being more volatile than your father?', 'ShanaThomas: I remember coming home from the bar one night and my mother was flashing one of the guys in the band.', "ShanaThomas: If there was another man that had a lot more money, and she was attracted him, and she was drinkin', she would go for it.", "It was not something Susan wanted. And Shana certainly didn't either, in fact, the rift between those two - their opposing memories and loyalties - was growing very wide.", "And two hundred miles across the desert, in Susan's closet, a box of documents, unopened, gathered dust for years.", "It was six years after Susan's mother left before California investigators handed the missing person's case to Michigan state police detective/sergeant Mark Siegel.", "Michigan because that's the last place anybody in the family besides Robert saw her....the visit with Robert's mother in the summer of 92. The trail very cold when Seigel picked it up.", 'All to no avail. This was 1998, Robert was still drifting. Siegel thought he might be able to help find his ex-wife. But:', 'Of particular interest was the calendar from 1992 -- the year Janet disappeared.', "All this, in the spring of 2008, Susan found in that box in the closet. Siegel's decade old reports, the interview with Robert, analysis of those detailed calendar entries from her parent's life on the road.", "Foolish, perhaps, to think she could solve a case if trained detectives couldn't.", 'Susan Waller: They said, "Well, we have the luxury of having him connected to a heart monitor machine," and they said every time they asked him about Jan, his machine would go spike way up high.', 'Betrayed by a racing heart. Except, Robert Kirkup did not actually confess to anything.', "And that's how the box of documents moved again, migrated from Susan's closet to Greg Myler's desk.", "Early on the morning of June 17th, 2008, Detective Greg Myler and his partner drove that desert road to the motorhome in Shana's back yard.", 'Det. Greg Myler: Shana came outside and-- questioned us as to why we were there--', 'Through the brackish haze, the detectives set about their first task: make him comfortable.', 'Det. Greg Myler: Once we felt that he was comfortable with us, we started applying the pressure. ', "Det. Greg Myler: You actually admitted that your wife was dead and it wasn't an accident and you're the person responsible.", "Det. Greg Myler: Bob, you killed her, we know you killed her, I don't know why we're having such a difficult time with you coming clean.", "Kirkup: You know, it just goes against my better judgment to say I did something that I didn't do.", "Kirkup: You know, I don't know what else to say. I mean, I know what you'd like me to say, but I can't do it. Based on my inner thing about not confessing to something that I didn't do.", 'Kirkup: I had a good relationship with Shana, but the other two you guys already know about. And Shana is the only one that believes me. ', 'Det. Greg Myler: We-- told Robert-- that we were gonna go talk to his daughter, Shana. ', "So they left the motorhome and walked to Shana's house. And they took with them that box -the one the other sister, Sherry, started all those years ago... Before she passed it on to Susan, who put it in a closet, then made it her life. And gave it to detectives, who now, finally, carried it here, to Shana.", "Det. Greg Myler: You killed Janet. There is no denying it, Bob. You killed Janet. You killed her. You killed your daughter's mother.", 'But Kirkup, despite his failing health and advancing years, stuck by his story: He was telling the truth.', "Kirkup: First of all, I have -- I didn't kill her. I wouldn't kill anybody period. It's not in me. To tell you I did something I didn't do, is, to me is, not good, it's kind of insane.", 'Keith Morrison: Did you think that that was a time when he might actually be ready to tell the truth?', "Shana Thomas: I'm the only one that's been there, not Susan, not Sherry. I'm the only one that's cared.", 'Det. Greg Myler: He needed to know that she was going to be there for him no matter what. ', "Kirkup: Well, I'm tired of it. I'm tired of, you know, of all the questioning. Tired of going through what I've been through.", 'Would it be the truth? Or would it be, at least, truth enough for the one daughter who seemed to love him?', "Shana's two sisters had spent nearly sixteen years trying in vain to get their father to say these words -- and with them the truth about their mother's disappearance. It had taken Shana twenty minutes.", 'And now, willing to divulge his secret only to this one faithful daughter, here it was.', "Kirkup: Yeah. And we struggled. And, I was just, I was trying to, you know, defend myself, I didn't want a shiv stuck in me. And, we struggled, and ended up back there in, on the floor in the bedroom. She was trying to stab me, and by the time it was over, she was lying there. He didn't have, uh, a pulse or anything, and that scared the hell out of me. You'd have to say that was strangulation or whatever.", "Kirkup: I left that campground and took her somewhere, you know, I don't think I could even find it, and, uh, buried her.", "Kirkup: Yes, I wasn't just going to leave her lay there on the side of the road or something.", "Sitting there, listening to her father describe the final moments of her mother's life, hearing him claim that he was really only defending himself, Shana felt reality slip beneath her.", "Kirkup: And if it wasn't her, maybe it'd be me with a knife in me. I don't know, you know, it was self-defense.", "Kirkup was sentenced to a term of 5-15 years in prison. Because of his advanced age and failing health, few believe he'll live long enough to make parole. But Susan wants to be sure.", "Susan Waller: I will be at every parole hearing, and I will fight to make sure that he's, doesn't get of there. ", 'She held a memorial service for her mother, invited her sisters to attend. Shana, despite her fractured relationship with her baby sister, was there.', "His motorhome is still here, in Shana's backyard. Virtually untouched since they led him away.", "Susan Waller: I'm never gonna give up looking, and trying to find out where my mother's remains are. And if it takes the rest of my life, I'll do it."]