['If meeting Santa is on your Christmas to-do-list then a trip to Rovaniemi in Finland is a must. The village in Lapland, located just north of the Arctic Circle, has become known as the Christmas HQ -- where kids and adults can make gingerbread cookies with Mrs. Claus or enroll in Elf School.', 'Other attractions in the very north of Finland include the Ranua Zoo, home to baby polar bears, wolverines, and moose and the Sirmakko reindeer farm, where visitors can take a sled-led reindeer safari. ', 'Across the border over in north Sweden is the now-infamous Ice Hotel -- where visitors sleep on a bed made from blocks of frozen ice. ', 'Every year Strasbourg creates a series of themed Christmas villages. With plenty of mulled Alsatian wines, fine food and book markets the city is turned into a visual and gastronomic wonderland. ', "A haven for environmentally friendly, outdoor enthusiasts, Quebec is a city that bustles with activity. If you're the type of person who likes to celebrate Christmas around a tree made from recycled sheet metal, with lights powered by the pedaling of nearby cyclists, then Quebec is your destination.", "Quebec's French Quarters offer modern-day Victorians candle-lit evening of stories from Charles Dickens, detailing the Christmas traditions of yore. ", 'The Dyker Heights neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York is famous for its ostentatious Christmas decorations and light displays. Neighbors try and out-do each other with holiday decorations.', 'Dating as far back as the 12th century and carved out of striking red-color blocks of volcanic rock these churches, situated roughly 200 miles north of Addis Ababa, are a sacred place of pilgrimage for those wanting to celebrate the Coptic Christmas on January 7. ', "If you can manage to extend your Christmas holiday until Three King's Day on January 6, there is no better place to catch up with Melchior, Gaspar and Balthasar than Barcelona where parades, floats and fireworks light up the town for huge post-December 25 street party. ", 'Known as the country with "the longest Christmas season in the world," Filipinos get the Christmas festivities rolling in September, and extend them well through January. The country\'s cities and islands are festooned with nativities, lantern parades, and Christmas bazaars. ', 'Sun-lovers who would prefer to meet santa in swimwear rather than thermals should head down to Queenstown. The New Zealand summer means you can enjoy all the adventures that the South Island has to offer without getting a frostbite or simply enjoy a hearty Christmas meal of lamb, seafood, and chicken on the barbie. ', 'Lapland, New York and Amsterdam all offer their very own take on the Christmas holiday experience', 'Mexico, the Philippines and Ethiopia offer a warmer, but no less cultural, alternative', '(CNN) -- If your Christmas is too often one of tacky decorations, over-cooked turkey and bitter family feuds, now may be the time to put the baubles back in the attic and plan yourself a yuletide getaway.', 'To help you along, we offer our top picks for the most Christmassy places around the world.', "While legends dating as far back as the 1820's may cite the North Pole as the official home of Santa Claus and his jolly missus, Finns would have us believe otherwise. For them, Rovaniemi, Lapland, located just north of the Arctic Circle, is Christmas headquarters. Here, children can make gingerbread cookies with Mrs. Claus, enroll in Elf School, or take a calligraphy class and learn to compose their Christmas wish-lists with a traditional quill.", 'Other area attractions include the Ranua Zoo -- home to baby polar bears, wolverines, and moose; Sirmakko reindeer farm, where visitors can take a sled-led reindeer safari; and the Arktikum, a science center where the mystery and the magic of the Northern Lights is revealed.', 'Those in search of a truly frosty experience can stay in the Arctic Snow Hotel, made entirely of snow and ice, but equipped with saunas and hot tubs in which to thaw.', "The cold water of Barcelona's Port Vell doesn't deter this swimmer dressed up as St. Nick from joining in the Copa Nadal swimming race, a traditional holiday event in the Spanish seaport, on Tuesday, December 25.", 'A car wash worker in Santa gear washes a vehicle in Amritsar, India, on December 25.', 'A man decked out as Santa Claus slips through the back streets of Hamburg, Germany, on Monday, December 24. Related photos: Magnum Santas', 'A Steelers fan in a Santa outfit waves his Terrible Towel during the game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and Cincinnati Bengals on Sunday, December 23, in Pittsburgh.', 'Members of a local yoga club perform at a public park wearing Santa Claus costumes in Hanoi, Vietnam, on December 23. ', 'Indian sand artist Sudersan Pattnaik works on a sand sculpture with more than 500 Santa Claus statues on the beach in Puri, India, on Saturday, December 22.', 'Michael Pless, 62, catches a wave off Seal Beach, south of Los Angeles, on Friday, December 21, in California. Pless, who also runs a surfing school, has been dressing up as Santa Claus and taking to the waves in costume since the 1990s, sometimes joined by his wife, Jill, in a Mrs. Claus outfit. ', 'A militarized police helicopter leaves a Santa Claus atop a school in a shantytown, or favela, of Rio de Janeiro on Thursday, December 20. This St. Nick, dressed in the white and blue colors of Peace Police Units, handed out toys among the children in the Brazilian slum.', 'Santa auditions an alternative species to pull his sleigh at the Marineland park in Antibes, France, on Wednesday, December 19.', 'A man dressed in a Santa Claus costume poses with a sea lion at the animal exhibition park Marineland, in France, on December 19.', 'Santa Claus walks out of the front door during a Christmas party hosted for sick children at 10 Downing Street on Monday, December 17, in London.', 'Santa Claus opens his coat to reveal a Matt Schaub jersey at Reliant Stadium on Sunday, December 16, in Houston, Texas, before the Texas Longhorns played the Indianapolis Colts. ', 'Participants wear Santa costumes as they take part in a Santa Claus-themed race in downtown Milan, Italy, on December 16.', 'A man dressed up as Santa Claus appears at a demonstration in Paris for the legalization of same-sex marriage on December 16. ', 'A fan stands out in his Santa Claus attire during an NFL game between the Baltimore Ravens and Denver Broncos on December 16 in Baltimore. Denver won 34-17.', 'A girl points out toys to Santa Claus on Saturday, December 15, in a store in Lille, France. ', "Costumed Santas crowd into a telephone booth during the Santacon pub crawl near London's Trafalgar Square on December 15.", "Revelers in Santa costumes sit on the lion statue at the base of Nelson's Column in London's Trafalgar Square on December 15.", 'A member of a French anti-fur group wades into the sea during a beach protest to denounce the practice of wearing fur on December 15 in Nice, France. ', 'A man dressed as Santa Claus sees a patient in the pediatric ward of a hospital in Guatemala City, Guatemala, on Friday, December 14. ', 'A man decked out as Santa walks down Geary Street on December 14 in San Francisco.', 'A man wearing a Santa Claus costume performs in downtown Rome on Thursday, December 13. ', 'Police check a man dressed as Santa Claus as he passes through a metal detector at the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday, December 12, in Washington.', "Catholics United hold a press conference with Santa Claus in front of the U.S. Capitol to rebut the GOP's budget effort in the ongoing fiscal cliff argument on December 12 in Washington.", "Icelandic philantropist Einar Sveinsson, dressed as Santa Claus, speaks with a patient in the oncology ward during a visit to the Benjamin Bloom National Children's Hospital in San Salvador, El Salvador, on Tuesday, December 11.", 'A man dressed as Ded Moroz, the Russian Santa Claus, entertains children at the Ded Moroz residence in Kuzminsky Park in Moscow on Tuesday, December 11.', 'A man dressed as Santa waits for customers in a wooden house in Rome on December 11.', 'A diver dressed as Santa Claus poses for a photograph with children during a promotional event for the "Sardines Feeding Show with Santa Claus" at the Coex Aquarium in Seoul, South Korea, on December 11.', 'Costumed participants of the annual "Best Father Frost" contest from different city districts make their way through a courtyard in Krasnoyarsk, Russia, on Monday, December 10.', 'A few thousand Santa Clauses ride between Gdansk and Gdynia, Poland, on Sunday, December 9. Santa Clauses rode on scooters, motorcycles and all-terrain vehicles between the two Polish cities.', "Participants in the fourth annual Michendorf Santa Run, one wearing a camera on his head, gather shortly before the run on December 9 in Michendorf, Germany. More than 800 people took part in this year's races.", 'A woman and her dog in Santa suits prepare for the annual Glasgow Santa Dash on December 9 in Glasgow, Scotland.', 'Beachgoers carry a man wearing a Santa Claus costume on the Mediterranean coast on Saturday, December 8, in Nice, France. ', 'Takashi Inui of Frankfurt, Germany, celebrates dressed as Santa Claus after the Bundesliga match between Eintracht Frankfurt and SV Werder Bremen on December 8 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. Eintracht won 4-1.', 'A customer holds the door of a shopping mall for a man dressed as Santa Claus on December 8, in Berlin.', 'Valery Kokoulin, 47, rings a bell on his yacht to mark the end of the sailboat season on Friday, December 7, on the Yenisei River outside Krasnoyarsk, Russia. Temperatures in the Siberian city dipped to minus 9.4 degrees Fahrenheit.', 'President Barack Obama greets Santa Claus with actors Neil Patrick Harris, Rico Rodriguez and musician Phillip Phillips during the 90th National Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony at the White House on Thursday, December 6, in Washington, D.C.', 'A diver dressed as a Santa Claus dives with a nurse shark in the Sea Life Aquarium in Munich, Germany, on December 6, which is St. Nicholas Day.', 'Around 400 people dressed as Santa Claus arrive by train in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, on December 6.', 'A man dressed as a Santa Claus waves at the port in Hamburg, Germany, on December 6.', 'People in Santa Claus outfits imitate South Korean rapper Psy\'s famous "Gangnam Style" dance outside offices in Seoul, South Korea, on Wednesday, December 5. The dance marked the start of a charity mission to hand out gifts to children.', 'A man dressed as Santa Claus stands at The Paley Center for Media on December 5 in Beverly Hills, California.', "Santa descends on a rope during Christmas Box Launch at Wellington Arch in London's Hyde Park on Tuesday, December 4.", "Santa Claus, aka Tim Connaghan, sits in the audience while a Marine stands guard during a presentation at Ronald Reagan National Airport on Monday, December 3, as part of the Marines' Toys for Tots program. Thousand of donated toys are set to be delivered to families affected by Hurricane Sandy. ", 'A spectator dressed as Santa Claus and wearing an Australian green cap watches the South African team walk out onto the field at a cricket match against Australia on December 3.', 'Runners dressed in Father Christmas costumes take part in the annual 5-kilometer Santa Dash in Liverpool, England, on Sunday, December 2. Many runners who refuse to run in red, the color of their football rivals Liverpool FC, wear blue to support the football team Everton FC.', 'A fan of the Baylor University Bears dresses up as Santa Claus while the Bears face the Oklahoma State University Cowboys on Saturday, December 1, in Waco, Texas. ', 'Competitors run in the annual 6-kilometer Santa Run in Battersea Park, London, on December 1.', "A man dressed as Santa leaves the the annual meeting of volunteer Santa Clauses and angels on December 1 in Berlin. Studentenwerk Berlin, a student organization at the German capital's technical university, hosts a general meeting for guidelines on participating in this year's events during the festive season.", "A man dressed as Santa Claus attends Berlin's meeting of volunteer Santa Clauses and angels on December 1 in Berlin. ", 'Men dressed as Santa Claus carry sacks through the meeting of volunteer Santa Clauses and angels on December 1 in Berlin.', 'A volunteer Santa Claus takes a nap during the general meeting outlining guidelines for Father Christmases in Berlin on December 1.', "Volunteers in New York's 110th annual Sidewalk Santa Parade cross the street on Friday, November 23.", 'A diver wearing a Santa Claus costume feeds a sunfish during a Christmas show at the Hakkeijima Sea Paradise Aquarium in Yokohama, Japan, on Wednesday, November 21. The show will be held daily until Christmas Day. ', 'Estonian Santa Claus "Santa Aare," from left, Dutch Santa Claus "Santa Holland" and Swedish Santa Claus "Snaretomten" compete in the Kicksled Sack Race during the Santa Claus Winter Games in Gallivare, Sweden, on Saturday, November 17. Santas from around the world gathered to participate in Christmas-themed competitions that weekend.', 'Santas from various countries compete in the porridge-eating contest during the Santa Claus Winter Games in Gallivare on November 17. ', 'A Santa Claus representing the indigenous Sami people competes in the reindeer ride event during the Santa Claus Winter Games in Gallivare on November 17.', 'Japanese Santa Claus "Santa Paradise Yamamoto" hits the ground in the reindeer ride event during the competition in Gallivare on November 17. Related photos: Magnum Santas', '"Yes, our Christmas tree angel is a rat. Our first apartment had a rodent problem, and I thought maybe a felted patron saint would protect us (and our tree)." -- Lila King (@lilacina), Senior Director for Social News at CNN', '"My grandfather took our Popsicle sticks each summer and made the grandchildren sled ornaments each Christmas." -- Anne Kletzker (@annek312), Chicago, Illinois', '"We had Tigger and Pooh as cake toppers on our wedding cake. After 17 years, we\'re still bouncing!" -- @ranchmama', 'Robyn Shepherd\'s family has had this Santa ornament for as long as she can remember. A few years ago, they grabbed him out of the bag and saw the red stain. "Rather than throw him out, we hung him on the tree and dubbed him Barfight Santa," she says. "We\'re not sure where that gory red stain came from, but we like to think that one of the elves was getting a little too jolly with Mrs. Claus, and Santa took one on the kisser."', '"One day while getting ready for preschool I wanted to wear this white headband with a bow, but my mom said that I couldn\'t, especially with a ponytail. Unbeknownst to her, I snuck it in my dress pocket and took it to school with me. That\'s when this picture happened, which, as you can see, became a Christmas ornament. Obviously I was busted, but it became an instant favorite and continues to be a favorite that gets a prime spot on the tree every year." -- @britty_leigh', 'Maria Datcu (@marialovescoco) of Tampa, Florida, made a tree topper from music sheets that her boyfriend used when he was young. "It\'s our first Christmas together, so I wanted to personalize our decorations as much as possible." ', "Orlando, Florida, photographer Tom Burton's (@twburton) daughter, Elise, made this ornament when she was in kindergarten and it's hung on the family's tree every year since. She's now 25 and teaches kindergarten -- and makes the ornaments with her own class.", '"Every Christmas Eve as a kid, I\'d go to work with my dad. When I was about 10, I raided his highlighters and permanent markers and started making ornaments out of office supplies. This jolly Santa was my best creation. It\'s been on the tree ever since." -- Christina Zdanowicz (@stinaz27), CNN iReport producer', 'Geraldine Nordfeldt (@diney1) decorates her tree with a sentimental collection of mementoes from her travels around the world. "It\'s a very international tree! Each one tells a story from the place it was collected. It\'s a pleasure to hang them each year because each one brings back fond memories."', '"My brother gave me an ornament version of MY HOUSE for Christmas last year. So sweet and awesome. It ranks among the best gifts I\'ve ever gotten!" -- Katie Hawkins-Gaar (@katiehawk), CNN iReport senior producer ', '"This was a class project in 5th or 6th grade to make ornaments from hollowed eggs. I wrote all the names of our family members and also \'Our Family.\' I remember that NO ONE believed the teacher when she told us we were going to blow the egg out of the shell." -- Penelope Ann Treat (@penelopeanntreat), Palm City, Florida', 'Jessica Edwards (@je_photography), a photographer in Lamar, Missouri, has made photo ornaments to mark special occasions like her wedding, honeymoon and the passing of her dad. She also buys ornaments from every trip as a keepsake. She now has so many of these ornaments that she had to buy an extra tree to display them. "I love our mini-tree and the memories that hang from its branches," she wrote.', 'A relatively understated series of Christmas lights in front of the Belvedere Palace in Vienna.', 'An unusal array of Christmas lights envelop a truck in the city of Medellin, Colombia.', 'The popular Senado Square in Macau where many tourists and locals gather to enjoy a beautiful evening.', "Strasbourg's series of themed Christmas villages morph the city into a visual and gastronomic wonderland. Hedonists can head to the Village of Alsace Farmhouse to taste prune, apricot, and other holiday-inspired variations of farm-fresh foie gras.", 'The nearby Village of Bredle is supplied aplenty with its namesake traditional Christmas biscuits and copious amounts of mulled Alsatian wine to wash them down with.', "From the Strasbourg Philharmonic, to gospel, to Django-Reinhardt inspired gypsy jazz, Strasbourg's Christmas program is packed with concerts and a special selection of cultural events from Georgia, the guest country of Strasbourg's Christmas celebrations this year.", "If you're the type of person who likes to celebrate Christmas around a tree made from recycled sheet metal, with lights powered by the pedaling of nearby cyclists, then Quebec is your destination. A haven for environmentally friendly, outdoor enthusiasts, the city bustles with activity, offering a holiday program for all tastes.", 'Modern-day Victorians can enjoy a candle-lit evening of stories from Charles Dickens, detailing the Christmas traditions of yore. Sausage and roast chestnut lovers can browse the wares at the German Christmas market, and the more religiously inclined can wander exposition of nativity scenes from around the world.', 'The nearby Sentier des Caps de Charlevoix offers family-friendly hiking, snowshoeing and skiing, while speed devils can spend the day zooming around in a snowmobile from Nord Expe, Inc.', 'Leading up to December 24, you\'re likely to stumble upon Mary and Joseph strolling the streets, as locals make pilgrimages from home to home, singing to "ask for posada" or "beg for shelter" as they re-enact the journey to Bethlehem.', 'Yes, New York City has The Rockettes, the 5th Avenue windows and, the ice rink at Rockefeller Center, all which make it a terrific, tinsel-studded holiday destination.', 'The more curious, however, should venture out to Brooklyn for a slightly more off the cuff, yet equally ostentatious gander at how New Yorkers do Christmas. The proudly and predominantly Italian-American residents from roughly 11th to 13th Avenue and from 83rd to 86th Street have an unspoken agreement to one-up each other with holiday decorations which, much to the mirth of passersby, often results in two-story Santas, armies of 30-foot wooden soldiers, over-sized animatronic toys, motorized carousels, and enough nutcrackers to make Tchaikovsky twinkle with delight.', 'Wander this winter wonderland on your own, or with a tour organized by long-time resident, Tony Muia, which includes a cannoli and a hot chocolate from a Brooklyn bakery.', 'Christmas celebrations in the Philippines are the longest -- and most lavish -- in the world. These beautifully lit trees in Makati City, Philippines were captured by iReporter Martin Javin.', "Christmas lanterns known as 'parols' light up many a Filipino mall, home or street, as seen in this image by Christian Bordo. They were created in 1928 by an artisan to help villagers find their way to churches to pray.", 'The parol lanterns are most likely nowadays to be powered by electronic lights, but their beauty still caught the eye of iReporter Stephanie Masalta.', 'Some displays are more common than others -- this unusual candy house display in Binan City intrigued iReporter Pauline Alvarez. "You can\'t help but smile at the sight of this. Isn\'t that what Christmas is about?" she said.', 'iReporter Aaron Banaticla loved this outlandish elephant light display near his Laguna home, although he was at a loss to explain why locals had chosen the creature for their Christmas decorations.', "In the Philippines, Christmas trees come in all shapes and sizes -- this one in iReporter Miaflor Tatlonghari's image is at least 30ft tall and towers over Santa Claus's house in Santa Rosa city.", "A wacky Christmas parade with dancers, mascots and of course Santa Claus caught iReporter Patricia Garcia's eye during a shopping trip to a local mall. ", "Student Mae Anne Alejandro loves the delicious food prepared at Christmas time in the Philippines. It's doled out at food carts and stands set up by Christmas light displays across the country.", 'Above all, at Christmas time Filipinos are urged to think of others. iReporter Janoah Soriano captured this poignant image of evacuees from areas affected by typhoons earlier this year now living in temporary accommodation. They recieved free Christmas gifts from a Christian charity.', "The White River National Forest was the home soil of this year's Capitol Christmas Tree. Each year, the forest draws millions of visitors to its ski-ready terrain.", 'Callaway Gardens\' "Fantasy of Lights" is one of the largest light displays in the country, with more than 8 million individual lights across 15 scenes.', 'Surrounded by the Adirondacks, the village of Lake Placid provides a cozy home base for exploring the wilderness nearby and Olympics-inspired activities.', 'For the season, the Mall of America has created a life-sized gingerbread house, in partnership with HGTV. The mall will also host a holiday music festival among its hundreds of shops.', 'Far north, in Rovaniemi, Finland, "the official home of Santa Claus" has many attractions, including Santa himself.', 'The Grove Park Inn, tucked among the Blue Ridge Mountains in Asheville, North Carolina, hosts caroling choirs and a yule log ceremony in the Great Hall.', 'The Grove Park Inn is also home to the National Gingerbread House Competition, which it has hosted for the past two decades.', 'The Gaylord National Resort in National Harbor, Maryland, hosts an annual Christmas on the Potomac event, complete with indoor snowfalls and ice sculptures you can actually slide down.', "Big Cedar Lodge in Ridgedale, Missouri, offers festive activities, including wagon rides through the countryside, capped off with hot chocolate and s'mores by a bonfire.", "New York's Plaza Hotel is steps from Fifth Avenue's elaborate holiday store window displays and offers elegant dining even if you can't afford to splurge on a room.", 'Roughly 200 miles north of Addis Ababa is Lalibela; a small old town of 20,000 residents which is home to 11 monolithic churches. Dating as far back as the 12th century and carved out of striking red-color blocks of volcanic rock, the churches have been excavated from under the ground, and are connected by a complex and sometimes claustrophobic network of tunnels and passageways.', 'Declared a "new Jerusalem" after the real Jerusalem was captured by Muslim forces in 1187 and Ethiopian Christians could no longer go there, Lalibela remains a very religious place.', 'Coptic Christmas (January 7) mass at Bet Medhane Alem - the largest monolithic church in the world - is an occasion on which hundreds of priests in white turbans, adorned with red sashes and gold scarves chant, sway, and pray, surrounded by trenches flooded with some 50,000 worshipers, for whom this is a sacred place of pilgrimage.', 'Canons are fired, fireworks are set off, and as the mayor hands them the keys to the city, the magic of the Magi officially commences. They parade through the streets in a magnificent cavalcade of floats which includes camels, elephants, giraffes, and dazzling costumes', "Though spending Christmas on a beach may sound like bliss, sipping an endless supply of cocktails in the sand may soon feel like it's lacking in holiday spirit.", 'A trip to the Philippines lets you have it all. Known as the country with "the longest Christmas season in the world," Filipinos get the Christmas festivities rolling in September, and extend them well through January.', 'As the only Asian country with a predominantly Christian population, its cities and islands are festooned with nativities, lantern parades, and Christmas bazaars.', 'While the Chocolate Hills of Bohol or the beaches of Boracay may prove a more relaxing option, spend at least a day in the capital, where this December, the Manila Hotel is turning its Grand Lobby into a fairytale worthy of Clara and Fritz.', 'Soak up your share of sugar plum fairies, gingerbread clocks and weekend performances of The Nutcracker by Prima Ballerina Lisa Macuja-Elizalde, before escaping to the sun.', 'The traditional Christmas colors of red, green and white take on an entirely new meaning in New Zealand, where red represents the "pohutukawa" (New Zealand\'s ruby-red flowering Christmas tree), white represents the pristine sandy beaches, and green? The kiwi, of course! Sun-lovers who want to join Santa in his surf shorts should definitely head to Queenstown, where warm summer temperatures mean you can jetboat, river surf, or paraglide on Lake Wakatipu, or simply set up camp along the lakefront and enjoy a hearty Christmas meal of lamb, seafood, and chicken on the barbie.', "From Bastille Day and 4th July to Chinese New Year and Disney Land, your shots of the world's greatest fireworks. ", 'We asked you to send us your best solstice photos. From skinny dipping, fire jumping and dancing like a rocket -- here are your best shots. ', 'Linked to fertility -- both of the vegetal and human variety -- the solstice has spawned celebrations meant to fan the flames of love and lust. ', 'Why did the midsummer maypole cause offense and who celebrates midsummer by running naked through the streets? ', 'For some it was an exhilarating holiday to an exotic place, finding new love or conquering their greatest fear. For others, it was witnessing an historic event. ', "The champagne is on ice, the fireworks are exploding overhead -- but isn't your New Year's Eve party a bit, well, last year?", "For many people, New Year's Eve can be disappointing -- there's so much hype in the lead-up to the event, it often falls short of the mark. ", 'If your Christmas is too often one of tacky decorations, over-cooked turkey and bitter family feuds, now may be the time to plan yourself a Yuletide getaway. ', 'Christmas is synonymous with decorations, markets and extravagant quantities of food. But traditions differ greatly depending on where you are in the world.', 'For something intended to bring pleasure to loved ones, Christmas shopping in the Internet age can be a peculiarly joyless and atomized activity.', 'For some, Hanukkah is "the potato pancake holiday" -- a holiday that takes the mundane potato and gives it a massive makeover.', 'How much do you know about Christmas traditions around the world? Find out with our quiz.', "The port-city of Kochi, on India's west coast, isn't known for its arts scene but that will change as it's first arts bienale. "]