['the only one. Did you ever think back on one of would have liked to have 3-D if you gone back quote such a crazy person about 3-D optimal. But the a minor sure imagine that taxi driver and three. talking to me would be but towards the north but for frivolous contract because what happens with the', "called the golden collar. An ABC's nick brings us behind the battle lines NX. Good morning George well listen  Martin Scorsese 's latest masterpiece Hugo is up for eleven Oscars so many I had to and then we're talking. Best picture best ", "brings us behind the battle lines NX. Good morning George well listen Martin Scorsese's latest masterpiece Hugo is up for eleven Oscars so many I had to -- and then we're talking. Best picture best director ", 'me I was playing. Irish gangster in Boston and the  Martin Scorsese  film. Opposite Jack Nicholson and it and a great how to do this you know to help figure out director  Martin Scorsese . After gangs of New York in 2002 and aviator in 2004 ', 'tell me I was playing. -- Irish gangster in Boston and the Martin Scorsese film. Opposite Jack Nicholson and it and a great -- like Matt Damon and all these other great actors around me I ', 'wow how to do this you know to help figure out director Martin Scorsese . After gangs of New York in 2002 and aviator in 2004 this is the third time Leo has teamed up with the ', "There fellow members of the City Council in less than two hours. Liquor will be declared illegal by decree of the distinguished gentleman on our nation's congress. To those beautiful ignorant bastard yeah. We've got a product of fellas got a hat fits. And that's just for starters goes on we'll down", "python yeah so all of the Oscar going on right now  Martin Scorsese 's Hugo is getting a lot of attention. It is and national board of review awards it won best picture. And  Martin Scorsese  won for best director of course that was the family ", "-- so all of the Oscar -- -- going on right now Martin Scorsese's Hugo is getting a lot of attention. It is and it just won the top spot at the national board of review awards it won best picture. And Martin Scorsese won for best director of course -- that was the family adventure film and that premiered last weekend at the box office ", "very real friendship between the legendary director  Martin Scorsese . And the actor He is proud to call his news Leonardo screening anybody's standards Leonardo DiCaprio and  Martin Scorsese  are Hollywood royalty. The two have already teamed ", "tale. Is a very warm very real friendship between the legendary director Martin Scorsese . And the actor He is proud to call his news Leonardo DiCaprio. We sat down for an intimate chat with two men at the top of their talents. For our new series screening -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- anybody's standards Leonardo DiCaprio and Martin Scorsese are Hollywood royalty. The two have already teamed up in three notable films together gangs of New York. The aviator. And need ", 'have Bruce Dern and Diane there. I was being raised by two actors and at you know five to ten I was on sets with  Martin Scorsese  how slash B Alfred Hitchcock Watching them and provide child does yeah. Try everything we we characters have to be ', 'and at you know five to ten I was on sets with Martin Scorsese how slash B Alfred Hitchcock -- Watching them and provide -- child does yeah. Try everything we -- we characters have to ', "finished its new tools. And that I think it's a kind of philosophy you get philosophies what is. The content now  Martin Scorsese 's that penalty young people believe you mention. You know how have images of children just watching images. So ", "kind of philosophy you get -- philosophies what is. The content now Martin Scorsese's that penalty young people believe you mention. You know -- how -- -- have images of children just watching images. So what ", "camera trick to accentuate the detectives fear of heights. Is and they've just been replicated by directors such as  Martin Scorsese  Steven Spielberg fans of Hitchcock. Is crazy when economies out what is then zooms in distorting perspective Hitchcock ", "of heights. Is and they've just been replicated by directors such as Martin Scorsese Steven Spielberg -- fans of Hitchcock. Is crazy when economies out what is then zooms in distorting perspective Hitchcock and other visual ", "still. Still basically coming down he will be up out of my my publicist I'm Well also competing for best drama  Martin Scorsese 's Harris adventurer Hugo political thriller the ides of march. Brad Pitt baseball chronicle money ball and Steven ", "my -- my publicist I'm -- Well also competing for best drama Martin Scorsese's Harris adventurer Hugo -- political thriller the ides of march. Brad Pitt baseball chronicle money ball and Steven Spielberg's World War I ", "his own right. He sold more than thirteen million albums worldwide. In Spanish and in He's been in movies like  Martin Scorsese 's bringing out that. And now mark is also fashion design. He and Jennifer unveiled a brand new clothing line for ", "albums worldwide. In Spanish and in -- He's been in movies like Martin Scorsese's bringing out that. And now mark is also -- fashion design. He and Jennifer -- unveiled a brand new clothing line for ", 'with some legendary directors including Steven Spielberg which ones and jump suit against. And frequent collaborator  Martin Scorsese  and gangs of New York the department the and shutter duly appointed federal marshals now in his new film. Taking ', 'including Steven Spielberg which ones and jump suit against. And frequent collaborator Martin Scorsese and gangs of New York the department the -- and shutter -- -- -- duly appointed federal marshals now in his new ', "all the heavyweights George Clooney descendants you've got Stephen Spielberg he did warlords Brad did money ball  Martin Scorsese  did Hugo and then George Clooney directed movie by. marks a big day for it's it's it's a big day you can always ", "you've got Stephen Spielberg he did warlords Brad -- did money ball Martin Scorsese did Hugo and then -- George Clooney directed movie by. -- -- -- marks a big day for -- it's it's it's ", 'to honor the music icon died January 20 at the age of seventy me. But it will think Syria I believe Hezbollah and  Martin Scorsese  needs your help. The Oscar nominated actress posted a consideration op Ed piece in the LA times asking folks to go ', 'me. But it will -- -- think Syria I believe Hezbollah and Martin Scorsese needs your help. The Oscar nominated actress posted a -- -- consideration op Ed piece in the LA times asking folks to ', "Christopher Plummer and beginners. Blacking Sasha baron Cohen's evil doberman sidekick from Hugo. On set director  Martin Scorsese  took to calling him Citizen he's I told it is good. You know day normally normally work regrets in my movies ", "Blacking Sasha baron Cohen's evil doberman sidekick from Hugo. On set director Martin Scorsese took to calling him Citizen -- he's -- -- I told it is -- good. You know day normally normally work regrets ", 'became simply the band. with songs like the weight. Yeah. Peak of their success the band called it quits. Director  Martin Scorsese  turn their final concert in 1976. Into the rock documentary the last ball. what he calls the best seat in the house ', 'Yeah. -- Peak of their success the band called it quits. Director Martin Scorsese turn their final concert in 1976. Into the rock documentary the last ball. -- -- what he calls the best seat in ', "The man who inspired the film goodfellas has died Henry Hill the former mobster with in the crime family who later an informant for the FBI. Greatly portrayed hill and goodfellas  Martin Scorsese 's epic drama reps for hill say he'd been sick for a while he was 69 years old.", "later an informant for the FBI. Greatly -- portrayed hill and goodfellas Martin Scorsese's epic drama reps for hill say he'd been sick for a while he was 69 years old. "]