['is the biggest prize at the film festival and is presented to the director of the best feature film. Last year,  Michael Haneke  won for "Amour." The year before that, Terrence Malick took top honors for "The Tree of Life."', 'confidence to the cultural change that we at ABC News and The Conversation Project believe in. Austrian filmmaker  Michael Haneke  frames this end-of-life story in a context of deep intimacy and emotional richness, even as he never sidesteps ', 'said that thinking in winning the statuette was "ridiculous," particularly considering that the great favorite was  Michael Haneke \'s "Amour." But now he seems to have raised his stakes on what will happen on Sunday. "That was only my first ', 'other films that got the attention of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Take a look. Amour Director:  Michael Haneke  Producers: Michael Andre, Stefan Arndt, Daniel Goudineau, Veit Heiduschka, Hans-Wolfgang Jurgan, Michael katz ', 'But if you put down $100 for "Amour" director  Michael Haneke , who\'s ranked at 10/1 odds, and he wins, you 1/4; Ang Lee ("Life of Pi"), 5/1;  Michael Haneke  ("Amour"), 10/1; David O. Russell ("Silver ', 'Spielberg ("Lincoln"), Ang Lee ("Life of Pi"),  Michael Haneke  ("Amour"), Benh Zeitlin ("Beasts of the Southern years." But "Amour" -- whose Austrian director,  Michael Haneke , also received a nod -- is the likely winner.', 'Director: David O. Russell, "Silver Linings Playbook" Ang Lee, "Life of Pi" Steven Spielberg, "Lincoln"  Michael Haneke , "Amour" Benh Zeitlin, "Beasts of the Southern Wild" Best Actor: Daniel Day Lewis, "Lincoln" Denzel Washington ', 'makeup. "Funny Games" is graphic and manipulative, but that\'s the point of this nearly shot-by-shot remake of  Michael Haneke \'s 1997 German thriller of the same name. It follows an idyllic family, portrayed by Naomi Watts ("King Kong ', "Binoche's companion) garnered his first best actor award for the film, while the movie's Austrian writer-director,  Michael Haneke , took home the Grand Prix (the runner-up prize) which Life Is Beautiful also won at Cannes before going on to ", "Binoche's companion) garnered his first best actor award for the film, while the movie's Austrian writer-director,  Michael Haneke , took home the Grand Prix (the runner-up prize) which Life Is Beautiful also won at Cannes before going on to ", "Binoche's companion) garnered his first best actor award for the film, while the movie's Austrian writer-director,  Michael Haneke , took home the Grand Prix (the runner-up prize) which Life Is Beautiful also won at Cannes before going on to ", "Binoche's companion) garnered his first best actor award for the film, while the movie's Austrian writer-director,  Michael Haneke , took home the Grand Prix (the runner-up prize) which Life Is Beautiful also won at Cannes before going on to ", "Binoche's companion) garnered his first best actor award for the film, while the movie's Austrian writer-director,  Michael Haneke , took home the Grand Prix (the runner-up prize) which Life Is Beautiful also won at Cannes before going on to "]