["You know you're in the right place when your outfit matches the decor. Berlin has more than 60 Christmas markets scattered around the city.", 'Foie gras with Christmas beer made by Alsatian monks, anyone? With a market dating to 1570, the French border city of Strasbourg has adopted the title of "Capital of Christmas."', '(CNN) -- For something intended to bring pleasure to loved ones and keep the economy of the entire Western world afloat, Christmas shopping in the Internet age can be a peculiarly joyless and atomized activity.', 'You hardly need an extra reason to visit the fashionable German capital, but ice rinks, Ferris wheels, fairground rides and toboggan runs are among some of the attractions competing for attention at more than 60 markets scattered around the city.', "Buy: Original works by the next big things of art, design and fashion, idiosyncratic decorations and contemporary jewelry at TrendMafia's Christmas Design Market.", 'Sing along to: Traditional German carols are hard to beat. "Stille Nacht" (the song so imbued with Christmas spirit it briefly halted World War I on the Western Front) and "Oh Tannenbaum" will get the festive endorphins flowing in even the most battle-hardened Yuletide veteran.', 'Buy: The adjacent Christmas Craft Fair sells an array of local produce for your Christmas table, including organic sausages and homemade chutneys and cheeses. Or you might pick up a Birmingham edition of Monopoly for those long winter nights in with the family.', 'Listen out for: "Merry Christmas Everybody" and "I Wish It Could Be Christmas Every Day," by local bands Slade and Wizzard. It\'s traditional in the UK for these festive glam rock stompers to be played on loop in every department store, as increasingly dead-eyed shoppers desperately scour the emptying shelves.', "One of the most fabled markets in Germany, the Christkindlesmarkt dates to the mid-sixteenth century with more than 180 wooden stalls set amid the picturesque surroundings of the Bavarian city's old town.", 'Look out for: It\'s hard to miss the Christkind, a local teenage girl dressed in a gloriously Wagner-esque crown and golden robe. Selection criteria for the role include a "willingness to work in any weather."', "The Danish capital's Tivoli Gardens fun park this year celebrates Nordic and Russian traditions with Christmas-themed rides, reindeer, an illuminated miniature replica of Moscow's Saint Basil's Cathedral and half a million fairy lights.", 'Buy: You can support the Inuit people of Greenland by buying a sealskin accessory from the Inuit Sila stall. In Greenland, seals are hunted sustainably for meat and every part of the animal is used.', 'Watch out for: The nisse. These mischievous pixies were traditionally believed to live in attics and barns, bringing good luck to those who cared for them. Many Danes still leave out a bowl of porridge on Christmas Eve to keep them sweet.', 'With a market dating to 1570, the French border city of Strasbourg has adopted the title of "Capital of Christmas."', 'Fir trees have formed a part of festivals in this forested region since pagan times, a tradition symbolized by the largest natural Christmas tree in Europe in the town square.', 'Buy: Regional delicacies, including foie gras and traditional Christmas biscuits known as recettes de bredele, abound for those seeking gifts for gourmands.', 'Drink: Alsatian monks, and recently breweries, have been producing malt-heavy Christmas beers -- spicy in flavor and amber in color -- since the Middle Ages.', 'Say: Alsace has its own regional language, recognized as vulnerable by UNESCO. Give it a boost by wishing locals "E gueti Wnchte & E glecklichs Nej Johr" ("Merry Christmas").', 'The former Habsburg capital shakes off its otherwise haughty reputation during lavish festivities, with baroque architecture that makes for a stunning backdrop as the decorative lights of Christkindlmarkt twinkle amid snowflakes.', 'Buy: The Adventmarkt, in front of the Karlskirche, is the place to go for handicrafts, ranging from stained glass sculptures to handmade wooden instruments, with workshops in glassblowing, leather work and other traditional techniques.', "Drink: Weihnachtspunsch, accompanied by roasted chestnuts, is the Austrian capital's spirit-fortified variation on the hot alcohol formula. The mugs are considered collector's items.", 'Watch out for: The Krampus -- looking like extras from A Christmas Nightmare on Elm Street, these gruesome goat-headed long-haired monsters maraud menacingly through the markets at night.', 'Sweden\'s "Christmas City" is a blaze of light, warmth and color in the dark Scandinavian night, with the dazzling, illuminated market at the Liseberg amusement park among the season\'s central attractions.', "Buy: For cutting edge and playful Scandinavian future design classics, the place to be is the ever-popular Julform Pop-up market. It's now an annual December fixture.", 'Eat: You can gorge on a multi-course Christmas smorgasbord, the Julbord, a table laden with dishes including pickled and smoked fish, meats and cheeses, and the hearty Janssons frestelse, a casserole of anchovies and potatoes.', "Listen to: Gothenburg's tourism website has put together a classy Christmas playlist (Cliff Richard aside) featuring hirsute local rockers The Soundtrack of Our Lives, currently rounding off their last-ever tour with a six-night stand in Stockholm.", 'Hamburg\'s legendarily louche St. Pauli district offers "Santa Pauli" -- its ribald take on the traditional German market, with strip shows, drag queens and "sexy angels." Probably not one for the kids.', "Buy: The handmade wooden toys that sell here are not the sort that you'd usually associate with Santa's little helpers. Those crafted by WaldMichlsHoldi, a long-running family business, are the most famous.", 'Christmas is synonymous with colorful decorations, festive markets and extravagant quantities of food.', "As winter arrives, British minds turn towards comfort food, and there's nothing more comforting than a traditional suet pudding. Suet, as in, beef fat? In a dessert? Why yes, actually.", "Santa's reindeer have a story and a history all of their own, one tied to the oldest indigenous culture in Northern Europe and accelerated by an American entrepreneur.", "Throughout the years, Magnum's photographers have captured Santa Claus around the globe in humorous circumstances.", 'Where did the tradition of kissing under the mistletoe come from? And is the plant a tree-killer?', "Here's a partridge-in-a-pear-tree approach to dealing with anything (and anyone) that the season throws your way.", 'With presents to buy and families to visit, the holiday season can become an endless to-do list. Treat yourself to a real wonderland.', "I'm not a Grinch or a Scrooge or any of the other soot-stained slurs hurled by people fed up with a loved one's reluctance to join the reindeer games. What I am is depressed.", "Don't let squabbles over traditions and simple things ruin your holiday this year. Here are tips and tricks on how to avoid family feuds and failed friendships.", "You have your two front teeth. But what about those other wishes that you can't wrap up in a tidy package? Real Simple invited five writers to share the one present that would make their holidays truly happy.", 'From catchy tunes by your favorite artists to the most terrible tunes of the year, 2012 is full of new Christmas releases.', 'Santa has been making the rounds early and showing up in some surprising places.', 'For something intended to bring pleasure to loved ones, Christmas shopping in the Internet age can be a peculiarly joyless and atomized activity. But European Christmas markets are pure magic.', "With Christmas comes Christmas trivia. Here's a look at the holiday by the numbers:", 'Animated television specials are among the most cherished holiday traditions. You can thank "Mister Magoo\'s Christmas Carol" -- the first animated Christmas special -- for that holiday gooeyness.', 'Roy Pickler lay on the floor, dripping with sweat, as trainer Bob Harper quipped, "You look like you got run over by a reindeer." ']