['Helen Golay, 77, left, and Olga Rutterschmidt, 75, were accused of taking out life insurance policies on homeless men and then killing them.', 'But once, at least, were two elderly women who opened their lives - and their substantial wallets - to help rescue a lucky few. To give them hope. Two little old ladies, Helen Golay and Olga Rutterschmidt.', 'Pastor Chuck Suhayda: I first met Olga and Helen, it was either in March or April of 2006.', 'They were partners in what seemed like their own personal war against poverty. The pastor met them when they showed up at his program for the homeless here at Hollywood Presbyterian Church.', "Pastor Chuck Suhayda: They had come sort of late into the program so we had already finished serving the meals. They did seem like somebody's grandmother and the kind of folks you might respect.", 'Helen actually arranged for an apartment for Kenneth, paid his rent, some of his bills.', 'McDavid must have valued their help so much as he named them on a life insurance policy, his way perhaps of giving back in death as they had done so much for him.', 'Ed Webster: For 20 years, I was the Director of Investigations for MONY Life Insurance Company in New York.', "But Ed doesn't do that sort of thing. He was asked to investigate, so that's what he'd do. He went to the alley to look around.", 'Keith Morrison: So you found somebody in a store over here? Did he see it happen?', "EdWebster: --and called 911. He got close enough to see that the man wasn't drunk--", "And, the more he thought about it, that funny ID card didn't make sense, either.", 'Ed Webster: Yeah, but somebody wanted the finders of this body to know who he was. ', "Ed read through McDavid's application for life insurance. It didn't say he was homeless, but that he had a business and some income. ", "Keith Morrison: And yet they didn't wanna talk to you in such a way that would allow them to receive the money.", 'Det. Dennis Kilcoyne, LAPD: My first contact was detectives with our traffic division.', 'But insurance investigator Ed Webster was already very suspicious of these two good Samaritans.', 'And Olga, impatient for her money, had filed a complaint with the California Department of Insurance for lack of payment.', "So, for Ed Webster, the pressure was on for to close his case. He couldn't wait for police to build theirs.", "Ed Webster: My primary obligation was still to the company. There was no particular reason to believe that the police investigation would come to fruition before the company was required to make a claim decision. And there's a lot of money involved. ", 'She had no idea that the woman who accompanied Webster was from the LAPD and wearing a hidden camera.', 'Ed handed Helen a letter in which MONY informed her it would not pay a claim, but was refunding the premium.', "Ed Webster: I'd like you to read the letter and then I'd be interested in your comments and your remarks. ", "HelenGolay: I have-- don't have none. I'm only concerned on the bottom line and my understanding today is the presentation of paying the proceeds and nothing else.", "HelenGolay: If you're not going to pay me the full amount, this has been a total waste of my time. I am very unhappy, caused me a lot of grief and heartache and problems.", 'Ed and the detective then drove across town to Hollywood, where Olga Rutterschmitt was also waiting for her payment. ', "Olga Rutterschmidt: This is MONY's check. What is this? What is this $1800? What is this?", "Olga Rutterschmidt: I'll call the police if you don't leave me alone. G-- D-----.", 'Detective Kilcoyne, meanwhile, took one look at that video and realized he was not dealing with sweet sentimental grandmothers.', 'Which is why Kilcoyne went to his superiors with what he knew sounded like a bizarre request: an undercover surveillance team for two little old ladies.', "But all of that was small potatoes compared to the rest of the information Kilcoyne's crew dug up. There were more policies in the name of Kenneth McDavid.", 'Det. Dennis Kilcoyne, LAPD: Right up here. Right up in front of this power pole here. ', "And Vados's injuries, just like Kenneth McDavid's, made it appear the man was already lying down when he was hit.", "Keith Morrison: Isn't it possible that a homeless guy would be just sleeping on the back alley like that, laid out the way he was?", "Det. Dennis Kilcoyne, LAPD: Or passed out, or something of that nature. I don't think it would be a good spot to pick to sleep, but it, you know, possibly, uh, intoxicated to the point that he passed out. And that, that's why it remained unsolved for uh so many years. ", 'Det. Dennis Kilcoyne, LAPD: And we stumble along with-- information about a man by the name of Fred Downie.', "Mildred Holman: Yeah. Yeah. She was very friendly, very bubbly. That's what he called her you know; Bubbles.", 'Mildred Holman: "This Helen Golay was gonna take good care of him." That\'s what he told me several times.', 'So he sold his house to Helen and her daughter for virtually nothing - less than a hundred dollars.', "Fred moved in with Helen Golay where, within months, he wrote his niece Helen had him on stuck on a strict diet, that he'd quickly lost 24 pounds. And he wasn't a heavy man", 'Det. Dennis Kilcoyne, LAPD: Neighbors report to us that this poor, frail, little old man occasionally is-- found, you know, fallen down out in the alley behind the place.', "Until, old and alone, he stepped off a curb and, quite by accident, a passing motorist struck him down. But Kilcoyne couldn't dwell on Fred Downie right now. He had more pressing worries.", "FBIAgent: Ms. Golay, my name is Sam Mayrose. I'm with the FBI, you're under arrest for mail fraud.", "HelenGolay: Mail fraud? I haven't done any mail fraud. What are you talking about?", "Olga Rutterschmidt: Oh my God. That's a lie, this is assumption. Anytime, my God.", "Det. Dennis Kilcoyne, LAPD: Alright, ladies. We're gonna be a few minutes. The people that are gonna transport you over to the federal processing system will be here and we'll take care of that in just a few minutes. Alright?", 'And what they said once left alone together? Well, it was, shall we say, illuminating.', "Olga Rutterschmidt: We going to go to jail, honey. They're going to lock you up.", 'A little bitterness seemed to have crept into the curious business partnership of sweet old Helen Golay and Olga Rutterschmitt.', 'Olga Rutterschmidt: I know, but your fault that our relationship ended up like this and you ended up like this.', 'Here in an LAPD interrogation room, Olga failed to comprehend the obvious: their conversation was not the least bit private.', "Helen was trying to be nonchalant. But Olga, as usual, she just couldn't stop talking.", 'HelenGolay: This is just conversation between you and me. Remember, Kenneth McDavid loved us. Because he loved us and wanted to be part of our family,', 'Olga Rutterschmidt: I supported him financially very heavily. I gave him lots of money.', 'HelenGolay: And he wanted us to do business together. And he loved both of us. We were like his family.', "But then, a break: Helen and Olga's arrest got some media attention, and a few tips began trickling in.", 'She told him she worked with an agency that could help him. Get some money and a real place to live.', "All he needed to do was fill out some paperwork with his personal information, and, bingo, he'd have a place to stay and money to spend.", "Jimmy Covington: What was my name-- what was my Social Security number, what-- how-- what was my-- you know, my medical problems and-- where-- how long I'd been on the str-- homeless and just basic personal information, the first few sheets.", 'Pastor Suhayda: Ken was a very quiet guy, and a, but he seemed content. I always thought he seemed content guy. ', "The greedy world of Helen and Olga kept some secrets still, but not for much longer. In this world there are cameras everywhere, from banks, to crosswalks to back allies in Los Angeles. And though they don't always offer a perfect picture, with a little work, there just might be something to find there. ", "Helen Golay: This is awful. Yeah, and I won't look very pretty on your camera, either.", 'It was early on a morning in May when the LAPD and the FBI arrested Helen and Olga. But when they arrived, they were armed also with extensive search warrants. And search is what they did.', 'So with the car and that surveillance video in hand, Det. Kilcoyne asked for help from the California Highway Patrol.', 'And then, all of a sudden, the lights of the vehicle come back on. The car backs up. ', "Det. Dennis Kilcoyne: We were hoping to maybe get Olga's fingerprints, inside the car or Helen's fingerprints, or something to--", "Det. Dennis Kilcoyne: The lab calls me. And they-- they're ecstatic, and they tell me that we have matched-- Kenneth McDavid's D.N.A. to the undercarriage of that Mercury Sable.", 'Now, the Mercury Sable with its tell-tale DNA hidden on its undercarriage was the smoking gun. Helen and Olga are moved across the street to state court and charged with murder.', "Helen Golay and Olga Rutterschmidt were behind bars, waiting for trial - but might not have been here at all, said Detective Kilcoyne, if for that insurance investigator Ed Webster, and one standard clause in most life insurance policies, which is this: During the policy's first two years, the company can start an investigation for any reason, and a death along with a claim would trigger some scrutiny.", "That is, she was trying to dump Olga. It didn't work, but McDavid was a marked man anyway.", 'In March of 2008, Helen Golay and Olga Rutterschmidt, still locked at the hip by their devious histories, went on trial - together - for the murders of Kenneth McDavid and Paul Vados. ', "Her attorney declined our interview request, but also maintained his client's innocence and in court he claimed that Olga was so unsophisticated, so unintelligent, really, that she amounted to no more than a lacky for the mastermind, Helen Golay. The jury didn't buy any of it.", 'April 2008, Helen Golay, 77 and Olga Rutterschmidt, 75, were convicted of murdering both Paul Vados and Kenneth McDavid.', 'Judge: You are hereby sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole.', 'Afterward, the families of those victimized men were left to wonder what might have been.', "What if McDavid's sister, Sandra, had been home, for example, the one time her brother called not long before he died?", 'Gloria Allred: It is so evil and so heartbreaking to think that anyone would decide that the purpose of a homeless human beings is to make profit that their lives mean nothing.', "There is a lush old graveyard on Cape Cod, not far from the house Mildred's uncle Fred basically gave to the Golays.", 'We went there with Mildred - and a little poking around turned up something that made her upset and angry all over again.', 'As for Helen and Olga, Kilcoyne says they were cold-hearted opportunists. And if murder was what the opportunity called for, as with McDavid and Vados, so be it.', "Helen and Olga collected $600,000 for the death of Paul Vados. Together, they made 2.2 million from their final victim, Kenneth McDavid. And they might still be at it, if greed hadn't turned the head in the bouffant-do.", "Ed Webster: If they invested the time, and they invested the money, and the energy, and the filings of-- of claims and policies and payin' premium-- I think they felt entitled to it all."]