['London 2012 organizers have transformed a neglected area of the East End into a green and sustainable Olympic Park. ', 'After winning the bid to host the Games back in 2005, work began on clearing the brownfield site full of derelict land and dilapidated buildings -- more than 200 were demolished to make way for the Olympic Park, say organizers. ', 'The venues, like the velodrome pictured here in the background, blend into the landscaped parkland creating a number of striking vistas. ', 'More than 4,000 trees, 74,000 plants and 300,000 wetland plants have been used on 500-acre site. ', 'All the venues have been constructed with sustainablity in mind. The 2012 basketball arena (pictured) is one of several temporary venues erected for the duration of the Games. In total, there will be almost 300,000 temporary spectator seats, a figure without precedent at the Olympics, organizers say. ', 'The aquatic center, designed by British architect Zaha Hadid, is another venue with temporary seating. After the Games it\'s "wings" will be removed shrinking the capacity from 15,000 to 2,500 as it turns into a facility for the local community. ', "The Olympic Stadium is the lightest ever constructed, say organizers, weighing 10 times less than Beijing's Bird's Nest stadium. ", 'The Olympic Village -- Victory Park -- will play host to around 17,000 athletes and officials during the Games. The complex includes 10,000-square meters of green roof. ', 'With just days to go until the opening ceremony, organizers have cut Olympic rings into the grass in Richmond Park, south-west London, further promoting the green ambitions of the Games. David Stubbs, head of sustainability for London 2012 said: "If you can put sustainability at the heart of a project which is the largest logistical exercise in peace time ... then you can do it anywhere." ', 'London 2012 organizers have placed sustainability at the heart of their planning for the Summer Olympics', 'Head of sustainability for the Games, David Stubbs says there\'s been "a huge emphasis on reuse and recycling" ', 'Sustainable buildings and hundreds of thousands of new plants have transformed a polluted area of east London ', "London (CNN) -- It's hard to believe that this area of east London was once a dilapidated and neglected quarter of the UK capital.", 'With shiny new stadiums and visitor facilities nestling among the lush landscaped grounds, every detail of the 500-acre Olympic Park has taken into account environmental concerns, prompting 2012 organizers to bill it as the first sustainable Olympics.', "David Stubbs, head of sustainability for the London 2012 Games, was part of the original team that drafted London's successful bid.", 'Sustainability was a key reason why London was chosen, he says, and provides a golden opportunity to show what can be achieved.', '"If you can put sustainability at the heart of a project which is the largest logistical exercise in peace time -- across 26 different sports, with thousands of people attending and millions watching -- then you can do it anywhere," Stubbs said.', "Many of the park's bridges have been constructed using gabion walls (steel mesh filled with stones and rubble) providing a visual reminder of the Games' green goals.", 'If you can put sustainability at the heart of a project which is the largest logistical exercise in peace time ... then you can do it anywhereDavid Stubbs, London 2012 Head of Sustainability ', '"All the buildings that were knocked down, all that rubble was sort of crushed up and used as the fillings of these gabions for the new bridges."', 'The River Lea and several canals which wend their way through the park used to be badly polluted, he says. Today, after an intensive program of clearing and widening, wildlife is being encouraged to return.', '"Creating a shallower profile in the wetlands further up (the river) has allowed larger areas of wildlife habitat to be created. At the same time that\'s providing flood mitigation benefits to thousands of properties in the local area," Stubbs says.', 'In addition to over 300,000 wetland plants, organizers have planted more than 4,000 trees and 130,000 plants and bulbs.', '"One of the key things about this site is how you\'ve got natural park lands as well as more formal gardens. Unlike previous games people are going to really feel they are in a park," Stubbs said.', "London 2012 organizers are also proud of the park's sporting arenas built for the Games.", 'Behind the velodrome\'s timber-clad frame, cyclists will race for gold round a track made from sustainably-sourced Siberian pine, while Zaha Hadid\'s striking wave-shaped roof on the Aquatics Center has been temporarily adorned with "wings" providing seating for 15,000 spectators.', '"That\'s great for the games, but after we\'ll bring it down to 2,500 seats for legacy mode, as it turns into a facility for the local community," he said.', 'Temporary seating and venues, like the 12,000-seat Basketball Arena, will accommodate nearly 300,000 spectators during the games -- a figure without precedent at any previous Olympics, according to organizers.', "It's not about two weeks ... It is what this site will be like 20 to 30 years down the roadDavid Stubbs ", 'All eyes will be on the Olympic Stadium come the opening ceremony on July 27 with the 80,000-seat arena being the sustainable centerpiece of the Games.', 'Constructed using just a tenth of the steel required to build Beijing\'s "Bird\'s Nest", the stadium weighs in at just 4,500 tons, becoming the lightest Olympic Stadium ever built.', 'Parts of the tubular steel roof has been built using surplus gas pipelines, Stubbs says.', 'He and his team have used recycled materials wherever possible, which is not only cheaper but also cuts carbon emissions and energy costs.', 'The complexities of the addressing sustainability have been a constant challenge Stubbs says, but his efforts appear to have paid off.', 'London 2012 "can build the confidence to wider society that sustainability is not a theory but infinitely do-able," said executive director of the United Nations Environment Program, Achim Steiner during a visit in April this year.', '"Thrilled" at the results he and his team have managed to produce, Stubbs is hopeful the park will be attracting visitors long after the Olympics has left town.', '"It\'s not about two weeks ... It is what this site will be like 20 to 30 years down the road," Stubbs said.', 'More than two million people are dying every year from the effects of outdoor air pollution, according to a new study. ', "What's better than fresh, locally grown fruits and vegetables? How about fresh, locally-grown, free fruits and vegetables, all within an easy walk of your home or office?", "Living amid the garbage-strewn sewage canals, residents of Haiti's Cite Soleil endure a grim battle for survival every single day. ", "In just 12 years Vietnam cut the country's malnutrition rate in half by investing in small scale farming. Now other countries are following suit.", 'We\'re all familiar with the phrase "waste not, want not," but how well are we applying these words today?', "Take a look into CNN Special Correspondent Philippe Costeau's photo diary of how Haiti can break a vicious cycle of deforestation.", "Philippe Cousteau recalls his grandfather's advice and asks how you'd like to look at the ocean in 10 years' time -- with regret or awe.", "We need to rebuild the ocean's abundance, variety and vitality. Without such action, our own future is bleak, say marine scientists.", "Getting water to every person on the planet can and should be done by 2030, argues WaterAid's Chief Executive Barbara Frost.", 'Oceans cover more than two-thirds of our planet producing half of the oxygen we breathe and helping regulate our climate. ', "Global warming has propelled Earth's climate from one of its coldest decades since the last ice age to one of its hottest -- in just one century.", 'Dressed in a wet suit, air tanks on his back is an image of Jacques Cousteau most people would recognize. But he was also an inventive genius.']