['accident at New Jersey\'s Bridgeport Speedway. 5.  M .  Night Shyamalan  Reveals He Wrote \'She\'s All That\' Director  M .  Night Shyamalan  revealed he ghost-wrote the 1999 teen comedy "She\'s ', '(Photo credit: Jim Spellman/WireImage/Getty Images) In 1999,  M .  Night Shyamalan  became a household name for writing and directing the film "The Sixth Sense." But in a new interview, he revealed that he was ', 'Australian cinematographer Christopher Doyle, who has worked with directors as diverse as Americans Gus Van Sant and  M .  Night Shyamalan  and the Chinese director Zhang Yimou. A full-length album, "The Divine Comedy," is set for release June 22 ', 'have his own place." The elder Smith told DeGeneres it was a joke taken out of context, adding, "No emancipation for the Smith kids." Father and son are starring in  M .  Night Shyamalan  upcoming sci-fi thriller, "After Earth."', 'from Alfred Hitchcock and being born into a showbiz family, Zooey Deschanel swings into theaters this weekend in  M .  Night Shyamalan \'s "The Happening," along with Mark Wahlberg and John Leguizamo. In addition to her work in the indie feature ', 'picture." And he can\'t play the introvert for too long. After portraying an introspective math teacher for  M .  Night Shyamalan \'s "The Happening," Wahlberg needed a role "where I blew (expletive) up," he says, awake now, banging ', 'the plague. Never wanting to shrink from a look at science on the silver screen, I interviewed writer/director  M .  Night Shyamalan  about the science behind The Happening and whether scientists get a fair shake from Hollywood: Q: How do you ', 'terrorized by something strange and horrible in "The Happening." That\'s just what you\'d expect from director  M .  Night Shyamalan  who first got famous scaring us to death with "The Sixth Sense" and "Signs." Wahlberg was up to faking terror ', 'The first of the Warner Bros. films, to be set in "New Manhattan," is scheduled for summer 2009. Director  M .  Night Shyamalan  will direct "The Last Airbender," an adaptation of the popular Asian-influenced Nickelodeon series about a young ', 'politically savvy crew, though also a difficult group to reach. 6:35 pm ET: Another name for the celebrity-watch:  M .  Night Shyamalan . (Does he see dead candidates?) 6:23 pm ET: For those asking, the debate will be streaming live on the Website ', "6.58 per ticket.) The Exorcist earned the No. 2 spot with $727 million at the box office back in 1973.  M .  Night Shyamalan 's ghost-thriller The Sixth Sense curled its dead fingers around the No. 3 spot, with $378 million, while ", 'follow Avatar here, there and everywhere." Viacom\'s Paramount Pictures joined the effort this year: It signed  M .  Night Shyamalan  (The Sixth Sense) to write, produce and direct a trilogy of live-action films based on the TV series about ', "said that's not the case, this is not purgatory. Why did you feel the need to do that? LINDELOF: I blame [ M .]  Night Shyamalan  primarily, but the sort of greatest genre twist of all time is always -- and you see this reoccurring in popular ", "year so far. How could it be anything but after earth. After her. Will Smith and his son Smith under the direction. And  Night Shyamalan  should never have made another movie after the six cents. This is site via the worst it's mystery at its worst it's ", "her. Will Smith and his son -- Smith under the direction. And Night Shyamalan should never have made another movie after the six cents. This is site via the worst it's mystery at its worst it's ", "happening right now. Is happening really scary movie from  M .  Night Shyamalan . The star of the movie now will be with us in a minute when we read about it ends its so mysterious that  M .  Night Shyamalan  the director and writer and producer. Doesn't really ", "-- happening right now. Is -- happening -- really scary movie from M . Night Shyamalan . The star of the movie -- -- -- now will be with us in a minute but first. Let's take a peek ", "we hear when we read about it ends its so mysterious that M . Night Shyamalan the director and writer and producer. Doesn't really want us to say anything so can He tell us. This tease us with ", "vendor is in theaters today written and directed by  M .  Night Shyamalan  who gave us the sixth sense and signs. But it's cast as the start a movie based on the Internet and  Night Shyamalan  his latest film is based on Animated cable TV series ", 'ever cast as the start a movie based on the Internet and Night Shyamalan his latest film is based on -- Animated cable TV series he discovered thanks to his daughters. What -- big fans of ', "kind of movie and book. that kind of that's. Awful sounding to me the last air It's fantasy it is directed by  M .  Night Shyamalan  who used to be a good director sixth sense unbreakable. There. But look what they have not found on has given ", "last air -- -- -- -- It's fantasy it is directed by M . Night Shyamalan who used to be a good director sixth sense unbreakable. There. But look what they have not found on has given us ", "traditional ankles. 335. Guests from political powerhouses like Nancy Pelosi and Colin Powell. Hollywood directors  M .  Night Shyamalan  and Steven Spielberg and actors Alfre Woodard and Blair Underwood and even yours truly. We're escorted to the ", "Guests from political powerhouses like Nancy Pelosi and Colin Powell. Hollywood directors M . Night Shyamalan and Steven Spielberg and actors Alfre Woodard and Blair Underwood and even yours truly. We're escorted to the South Lawn of the ", "already an accomplished fact there has been happening opening this summer opposite Mark Wahlberg it's directed by  M .  Night Shyamalan . Who gave little Abigail her start back in 2002 sides busy time for the rest and Nat you back to you runs in the ", "has been happening opening this summer opposite Mark Wahlberg it's directed by M . Night Shyamalan . Who gave little Abigail her start back in 2002 sides busy time for the rest and Nat -- -- you back to ", "bad and I hate to say just kids but Hebert agreed with me that casting is really bad really I think that his pay day and  Night Shyamalan  might be and two and half colonels and I would say even though it's 380 and normally love a three it's not worth seeing ", "casting is really bad really I think that his pay day and Night Shyamalan might be -- -- and -- -- two and half colonels and I would say even though it's 380 and normally -- "]