['What the Oscar-winning 2009 documentary "The Cove" did for dolphin slaughter in Japan, "Blackfish" may do for  killer whales  living in captivity while performing at marine parks. "Blackfish," explores what may have caused Tilikum, a 12 ', 'What the Oscar-winning 2009 documentary "The Cove" did for dolphin slaughter in Japan, "Blackfish" may do for  killer whales  living in captivity while performing at marine parks. "Blackfish," explores what may have caused Tilikum, a 12 ', '000-pound, 22-foot  killer whale  to behave in such a questions about whether  killer whales  should be kept in captivity documented case of a  killer whale  ever killing anybody to capture the first  killer whales  for the first marine ', 'Rescue Effort A "killer" rescue effort in Australia happened today when a crew jumped into action to save a pod of stranded  killer whales . Seven whales got stuck on a sandbar as they tried to reach deeper waters off Queensland\'s Frasier Island. The rescue ', "'Blackfish' Documentary Traces '40-Year Experiment' of Killer Whales  in Captivity", "documented case of a  killer whale  ever killing capture the first  killer whales  for the first behavior of a  killer whale  isn't 100 percent incident reports of  killer whales  engaging in undesirable on and off a  killer whale . She clung to ", 'This big fish story is actually true. Anglers on a trip in Alaska had a halibut on their line, when a  killer whale  swam up and made off with it. Video of the incident shows the halibut on the hook in the water, then the enormous whale surfaces ', 'tale. While fishermen were filming a halibut just under the surface of the water, an orca moved in to snatch it up. The  killer whale  seemed to say "thanks for the snack" as it slowly swam away. One of the fishermen even had time to snap a "selfie" with ', 'People tend to look at the parts, like the creases in her armpits, or how she wore a dress that makes her look like a  killer whale ," Edwards further explained to Los Angeles Magazine . "I\'m stripping it of the details people get stuck on, so they ', 'were evacuated from the stadium until firefighters could put the flames out. The Columbus Crew went on to win the game.  KILLER WHALES  ACTING LIKE A PLAYFUL DOLPHINS: Image credit: Youtube As a couple was boating off of the coast of Mexico, they encountered ', 'their first child, the critics started weighting in. One particularly cruel Internet meme even compared Kardashian to the  killer whale , Shamu, after she was photographed wearing a black and white dress. "She\'s thought of as a style icon and so is Kanye ', 'is safe from predators like  killer whales , he said. Along their journey Ocean, there are nearly 150  killer whales  waiting to kill them for food gray whales can be killed by  killer whales  during calving," Anderson ', 'Mist," last year. Catch up on what you missed HERE: 1:10 p.m. ET : We were keeping an eye on reports of a group of  killer whales  that were trapped under ice near a remote Canadian village, taking turns breathing through a hole in the ice, but now they ', "understand why a  killer whale  would. Essentially question should  killer whales  be held in captivity behavior of the  killer whale  isn't 100 incident reports of  killer whales  in gauging in protocols for its  killer whale  program. They're marine mammals like  killer whales  provides an valuable ", 'in the wild in captivity they can snap. Tonight the debate over killer whales as tourist attractions. A brutal murder near the home football star -- Hernandez has authorities wondering if this New England Patriots was ', "seems so joyful. Video SeaWorld trainer dawn Rancho performing with Telecom spectacular killer whale she -- plays with him. Bonds with lying down together in shallow water. And then something goes terribly wrong. This whale grabbed her pulled them a lot of till it come. 121000. Pound 22 foot long killer whale kills the forty year old trainer igniting controversy that still playing out today. I didn't understand why a killer whale would. Essentially bite the hand that feeds it -- you know his trainer so. You know presume that they have this loving bond. Get every helicopter suite is a filmmaker whose latest documentary black fish examines just -- to a common -- -- arrived at the -- moment three years ago. And -- question should killer whales be held in captivity. One of the things that shocked me the most was how violent and prolonged and ones that is ", "this incident have been a surprise there -- been four deaths involving killer whales in captivity. In telkom has been associated with three of them for someone who's never. We -- a minute spent any time -- -- how would you describe. Carlisle is until -- there was a real puppy dog that tennis shoes to -- naive -- I was. Still come is the patriarch of roughly half of all the killer whales at SeaWorld parks. The crown favorite. What is the -- that causes people -- fall in love with these animals there's such ", 'understand why a  killer whale  would essentially questions, should  killer whales  be kept in captivity documented case of a  killer whale  ever killing anybody when the first  killer whales  were captured protocols for its  killer whale  program that have While all  killer whales  are now separated ', 'And tonight, killer whales kept in captivity. Tourists love the see them jump through the hoops and leap out of the water. Tonight, abc\'s linsey davis tells us about the new documentary that re-examines an incident at sea world that killed a trainer. It raises new questions about the creatures in captivity. Reporter: A seemingly playful scene that turns deadly in an instant. Three years ago, tilikum, a 12,000 pound 22 foot long killer whale killed 40-year-old seaworld trainer dawn brancheau. His story is now the subject of a new documentary called "blackfish." I didn\'t understand why a killer whale would essentially bite the hand that feeds it. Reporter: In her documentary, gabriela cowperwaite questions, should killer whales be kept in captivity? Is it true that killer whales have never been responsible for loss of life in the wild? This is true. There\'s no documented case of a killer whale ever killing anybody in the wild. It\'s only in captivity. Reporter: Cowperthwaite goes back 40 years, when the first killer whales were captured for marine parks. They had speedboats. They had bombs they were throwing in the water to herd the whales into coves. Reporter: Tilikum was about 2 years old when he was captured off the coast of iceland in 1983. A year later, he was sent to marine park where he and two other killer whales were kept at night in a holding pen just 20 feet wide and 30 feet deep. Closing that door on him and knowing that he\'s locked in there for the whole night is like -- it\'s a stab. It\'s a, whoa. Reporter: During tilikum\'s 30 years in captivity he has been associated with 3 of the 4 deaths involving killer whales in parks. Seaworld says that, "since 2010 the company has voluntarily implemented significant changes to the training protocols for its killer whale program that have proven to be safe and effective." While all killer whales are now separated from trainers in shows, tilikum remains at seaworld, as the search for answers continues. Linsey davis, abc news, new ', "understand why a  killer whale  would. Essentially question should  killer whales  be held in captivity behavior of the  killer whale  isn't 100 incident reports of  killer whales  and gauging and protocols for its  killer whale  program. They're marine mammals like  killer whales  provides an valuable ", "seems so joyful. -- SeaWorld trainer dawn Rancho performing with Telecom spectacular killer whale she -- laced with him. Bonds they lie down together in shallow water. And then something goes terribly wrong. This whale grabbed her pulled them a lot of till it come. 121000. Pound 22 foot long killer whale kills the forty year old trainer igniting controversy that still playing out today. I don't understand why a killer whale would. Essentially bite the hand that feeds it -- you know his trainer so you know presume that they have this loving bond. Get every helicopter -- is a filmmaker whose latest documentary black fish examines just -- to a common branch teller arrived at the -- moment three years ago. And -- question should killer whales be held in captivity. One of the things that shocked me the most was how violent and prolonged and ones that is ", "this incident have been a surprise there had been four deaths involving killer whales in captivity -- -- has been associated with three of them. First someone who's never met him at a spent any time -- and how would you describe. Carlisle is until it that was a real puppy dog that tennis shoes and how naive I was. To -- come is the patriarch of roughly half of all the killer whales at SeaWorld parks. The crown favorite. What does the -- that causes people just fall in love with these animals there's such ", "life spends. The adult offspring never leave their mother's side. True. -- killer whales have never been responsible for loss of life in the wild that's the human life. This -- true there's no documented case ", "telling the story of tilikum. A performing  killer whale  that's been associated with three deaths premise of the new documentary. We thought  killer whales  are friends. We don't understand why a  killer whale  would essentially bite the hand that ", "misleading and scientifically inaccurate. Blackfish telling the story of tilikum. A performing killer whale that's been associated with three deaths while in captivity. Most recently the 2010 death of the seeworld trainer dawn. From playful to tragic, tilikum unexpected pulls her into the water, ultimately killing her. What led to that fateful moment is the premise of the new documentary. We thought killer whales are friends. We don't understand why a killer whale would essentially bite the hand that feeds it. Reporter: The film questions what triggered this aggressive behave seaworld is calling that and ", 'Coming up next for us  killer whales  stranded on an Australian time. And stranded  killer whales  returned to see. Happy for everybody seven  killer whale  found themselves stranded return five of the seven  killer whales  to their that freedom ', "fast with the Smartphone self promotion. And -- happy ending for five killer whales from a pond they got stranded off the coast of Australia. We'll have the whale's tail in tonight's -- frenzy. From New ", "life -- -- OK go for itself. Coming up next for us killer whales stranded on an Australian sandbar are rescued from their day at the beach that's coming up on tonight's. Rescued a little girl held hostage at Wal-Mart returned safely. Her mother speaks for the first time. And stranded killer whales returned to see. Happy endings on tonight's -- -- It was a day of old secrets coming to life for Aaron Hernandez ", 'day tomorrow. Fun in the sun is -- store for everybody seven killer whale found themselves stranded on a sandbar off the southern coast of Australia today. Ranges from wildlife services worked heroically to keep the beached whales from overheating while they waited -- tied to rise again. They were able to return five of the seven killer whales to their -- -- that freedom never tasted so sweet. -- -- And thank you for watching ABC news world news now ', 'with a pod of  killer whales  off of Vancouver happens when  killer whales  killer sharks shark. And the  killer whale . Creatures of white. These  killer whales  have spotted And for the  killer whale  it is an art ', "retreat to dry land after having close encounter with a pod of killer whales off of Vancouver Island. Tonight ABC's tiny Rivera brings us a look at what happens when killer whales -- -- killer sharks beat candidacy. Great white shark. And the killer whale . Creatures of mythic proportions. But they come with vastly different on screen personas. The -- -- -- I've -- Gentle giant free Willy. But in reality killer whale is anything but gentle. It's dark and male. The top of the chronic food chain both built for -- killed but very ", 'surprises many is that it is actually. Hardly survive a pod of killer whales than escaped from a great white. These killer whales have spotted their prey on a block of ice with chilling precision they line up and strike. Losing their skills to create ', 'speaks for the first time and stranded  killer whales  returned to see. Happy endings on sun is not store for everybody seven  killer whales  found themselves stranded on a sandbar were able to return five of the seven  killer whales  to their that freedom never tasted ', "Wal-Mart returned safely her mother speaks for the first time and stranded killer whales returned to see. Happy endings on tonight's -- -- -- it was a day of old secrets coming to -- for Aaron ", 'tomorrow. Fun in the sun is not -- store for everybody seven killer whales found themselves stranded on a sandbar off the southern coast of Australia today. Ranges from wildlife services worked heroically to keep the beached whales from overheating while they waited -- tied to rise again. They were able to return five of the seven killer whales to their -- -- that freedom never tasted so sweet. Or self. ']