['Greenwood\'s trademark song, is a sort of unofficial national anthem, in some circles.  Kinky Friedman \'s Foray Texan and country singer  Kinky Friedman  maintains a colorful presence in Texas state politics. Friedman, who once said, "I\'m ', 'Greenwood\'s trademark song, is a sort of unofficial national anthem, in some circles.  Kinky Friedman \'s Foray Texan and country singer  Kinky Friedman  maintains a colorful presence in Texas state politics. Friedman, who once said, "I\'m ', 'Greenwood\'s trademark song, is a sort of unofficial national anthem in some circles.  Kinky Friedman \'s Foray Texan and country singer  Kinky Friedman  maintains a colorful presence in Texas state politics. Friedman, who once said, "I\'m ', 'approved his title, citing what Miles calls "the  Kinky Friedman  precedent." (The singer/songwriter/humorist It\'s great to be published," Miles says. "But the  Kinky Friedman  precedent? That\'s the frosting on the cake ', 'hell of a primary, so I think everybody better hang on tight spur hard and let her buck," said singer and novelist  Kinky Friedman , who ran his own independent bid for the Texas governership in 2006. The daughter of the state\'s outspoken late ', 'state to run in. "It\'s one of the most difficult states, I would think, for anybody to campaign in," said  Kinky Friedman , a musician, author and former gubernatorial candidate, "and every journey of 1,000 miles begins with a cash ', 'major media outlets as reports of a possible return to CBS, the company that fired him, swirl. Imus\' close friend  Kinky Friedman  said the shock jock\'s comeback could come as early as January. "He\'s told me that he\'s definitely coming back ', 'Cox said, "I believe there are two of them -- the right one and left one." In Texas, musician and humorist  Kinky Friedman  calls himself the only Jewish cowboy running for office. Friedman is vying to be the next governor of Texas, and ', "advertising on the air, Notes Ratcliffe and Falkenberg of the Houston Chronicle. LINK Texas gubernatorial candidate  Kinky Friedman  offered another one of his satirical remarks this morning, telling Don Imus that Republicans' immigration policy ", 'Katherine Harris (R-FL) debate at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, FL. Texas gubernatorial candidate  Kinky Friedman  kicks off early voting by casting his ballot at the Kerr County Courthouse in Downtown Kerrville, TX at 11:00 am ', "plans. They have offered talks about girls every now and then but. Which is about as normal as it gets for Nightline I'm juju Chang in Beverly Hills, California. His book the Billy Bob says was a great  Kinky Friedman  in stores now.", 'Hills, California. His book the Billy Bob says -- was a great Kinky Friedman in stores now. ', "Billy Bob Thornton joins us now thanks for coming in and what a fun way to a book you it all out with  Kinky Friedman . Yeah well it's. There would have taken a lot longer will be doing this next year but we just put. Mr. rolling the type of ", "fun way to -- a book you -- it all out with Kinky Friedman . Yeah well it's. -- -- -- There would have taken a lot longer will be doing this next year but we just ", 'action figure for independent  Kinky Friedman . Any Connecticut and watched about the difference between that  Kinky Friedman  action figure in the for wrestler win even with the action figure  Kinky Friedman  is trailing. 2000 Ralph Nader ', "issues. And Texas governor's race he's got an action figure for independent Kinky Friedman . Any Connecticut and watched him filmed this sad percentage can Ned LaMont its stars beats young -- And mr. LaMont. Asking -- ", "exactly like. He. -- -- Serious news about the difference between that Kinky Friedman action figure in the -- -- for wrestler Jesse Ventura. -- -- -- -- as a classic. Just think he's actually -- ", "survive. The good children doesn't always win even with the action figure Kinky Friedman is trailing. 2000 Ralph Nader can even point 4%. And get lemont is behind. King good -- get a bad candidate elected. ", 'World News: Timetable to Fix Iraq; The Politics of Iraq; Cheating at the World Series?; Animation as Allegory', "governor of Texas would be somewhat untraditional. That's independent candidate slash slash constant cigar smoker  Kinky Friedman  is. We think the most popular candidate on MySpace with more than 33000. Friends. Senator John McCain. So popular ", "untraditional. That's -- independent candidate slash -- -- slash constant cigar smoker Kinky Friedman is. We think the most popular candidate on MySpace with more than 33000. Friends. Senator John McCain. So popular he has just ", "governor of Texas would be somewhat untraditional. That's independent candidate slash slash constant cigar smoker  Kinky Friedman  is. We think the most popular candidate on MySpace with more than 33000. Friends. Senator John McCain. So popular ", "untraditional. That's -- independent candidate slash -- -- slash constant cigar smoker Kinky Friedman is. We think the most popular candidate on MySpace with more than 33000. Friends. Senator John McCain. So popular he has just ", "platform I believe there are two of them. And their right Glenn and the left one. In Texas musician and humorist  Kinky Friedman  calls himself the only Jewish cowboy running for office. Friedman is vying to be the next governor of Texas and he's ", "their right Glenn and the left one. In Texas musician and humorist Kinky Friedman calls himself the only Jewish cowboy running for office. Friedman is vying to be the next governor of Texas and he's not "]