["Women's 4x100m Medley Relay: United States Sets One Last World Record In Swimming", "In the final women's pool swimming event at the 2012 Olympic Games in London, the United States was once again golden. The U.S. women not only grabbed the gold in th...", "The United States set a world record to win the women's medley relay at the London Olympics on Saturday.The Americans clocked 3 minutes, 52.05 seconds, slicing 0.14 ...", "Michael Phelps' latest Olympic medal was the same color as so many of the others.Only this was the last one.The winningest Olympian of all time headed into retiremen...", 'The finale was a formality, more a coronation than a contest. Michael Phelps headed into the retirement the only way imaginable -- with another gold medal.Reclaiming...', "Missy Franklin became the first American female to swim in seven Olympic events, leading off in a record-setting win by the U.S. in the women's 400-meter medley rela...", 'It was a familiar scene, Michael Phelps atop an Olympic medal podium, gold medal hanging from his neck.No one has ever done it more. Maybe no one ever will. And if w...', 'It was a familiar scene, Michael Phelps atop an Olympic medal podium, gold medal hanging from his neck.No one has ever done it more. Maybe no one ever will. And if w...', "Around the 2012 Olympics and its host city with journalists from The Associated Press bringing the flavor and details of the games to you:___CATCH ME IF YOU CANIt's ...", 'Ryan Lochte turned his much-anticipated duel with Michael Phelps into a blowout, pulling away to win the Olympic 400-meter individual medley by more than 3 seconds S...', '2012 Olympic Medal Count: United States Still Tied With China In Total Medals, But Lacking In Gold', 'At the conclusion of Day 4 of the 2012 London Olympics, the United States added six more medals for a total of 23 so fat. However, China also kept pace with the Unit...', "Ryan Lochte says he isn't here just to race against Michael Phelps. There are plenty of swimmers he has to beat.And in the sport's first medal event at the London Ol...", 'Hitting the water just 15 hours after he won the grueling 400-meter individual medley, Ryan Lochte swam the second- fastest time in 200 freestyle heats Sunday mornin...', "It should come as no surprise that much of the Olympics coverage in the U.S. is focused on American athletes and top performers from other countries. You're not goin...", 'Payback. This time, it was France chasing down the United States -- and Ryan Lochte, no less -- to win another riveting relay at the Olympics.With Michael Phelps loo...', 'Deja vu on cue.Ryan Lochte got Jason Lezak-ed by the French.Yannick Agnel chased down Lochte after the final turn and France rallied to beat the United States in the...', 'Michael Phelps was back in the pool Monday morning barely 13 hours after France rallied to beat the U.S. in the 400-meter freestyle relay with a surge in the last 50...']