['Superman is coming back, and he\'ll have a caped co-star. "Man of Steel" director  Zack Snyder  made a surprise appearance at Comic-Con on Saturday to announce he is making another Superman film and it will include Batman ', 'Superman is coming back, and he may have a caped co-star. "Man of Steel" director  Zack Snyder  announced Saturday at San Diego\'s Comic-Con that he was making another Superman film, then dropped a hint it may be with Batman ', 'Superman is coming back, and he may have a caped co-star. "Man of Steel" director  Zack Snyder  announced Saturday at San Diego\'s Comic-Con that he was making another Superman film, then dropped a hint it may be with Batman ', 'in a hoodie, stayed close to his entourage by the fire pit. Meanwhile, 600 guests, including Michael Shannon ,  Zack Snyder  and Christopher Nolan , sipped Laurent-Perrier champagne and mojitos and nibbled on tuna tataki, Samba London rolls ', "'Man of Steel' Star Henry Cavill on Being Stunned When He Got the Part, Donning the Iconic Suit", "Superman's superpowers and do-good demeanor, along with that red cape rippling through the air, have made the beloved superhero a pop culture icon. For decades, Superman has been brought to life by a stream of established actors. But this time around, it's 30-year-old Englishman Henry Cavill", 'Although "it\'s a done deal with J.J.," a source tells Deadline , others who were courted included "300? director  Zack Snyder , "Pacific Rim\'s" Guillermo del Toro, and Oscar winning "Ratatouille" director Brad Bird, who called the shots ', "Brandon Routh certainly failed in 2006's Superman Returns . That's when you call in producer Chris Nolan and director  Zack Snyder  ( 300 , Watchmen ) to create Man of Steel , a film that proposes something entirely new and refreshing yet is still ", 'names who have taken themselves out of the running include Steven Spielberg, J.J. Abrams, and "300? director  Zack Snyder . One filmmaker who recently sounded off on the possibility is Joe Johnston, who worked on the original "Star Wars ', 'early but left with the change of directors. Lucky for them. The highly anticipated "Watchmen," as directed by  Zack Snyder  ("300"), seems poised to self-destruct. It starts out powerfully, with a brutal but inventively offbeat action ', 'veteran superhero is murdered, the remaining caped crusaders set out on a mission to preserve their kind. Directed by  Zack Snyder , the man behind 2007\'s visually stunning and ultra-profitable "300," "Watchmen" is poised to repeat the success ', 'convention have unfolded, it has become clear that no one is Superman anymore. Perhaps, says "Watchmen" director  Zack Snyder , Superman is gone for good. "They asked me to direct a "Superman movie", and I said no," Snyder says. "He\'s ', 'party. "I think there\'s a hunger in our pop culture for superheroes that aren\'t traditional," says 300 director  Zack Snyder , who brings Watchmen to the convention. "It doesn\'t have to be comic books. Just heroes that they can relate to ', "destined. Has eyes smiled to. He's seen from 300. A film time magazine has called. And I quote the future of cinema.  Zack Snyder  the director of 300. there. What was really going on in that scene we just saw what the actors really standing in ", 'magazine has called. And I quote the future of cinema. -- -- Zack Snyder the director of 300. -- there. -- What was really going on in that scene we just saw what -- the actors ', "function in dealing with fascist impulses and beating up their own friends and their lovers. The director watchman is  Zack Snyder  who scored a huge success a couple of years ago with 300. The spartans movie he's been called the visionary director ", "beating up their own friends and their lovers. The director watchman is Zack Snyder who scored a huge success a couple of years ago with 300. The spartans movie he's been called the visionary director on ", "function in dealing with fascist impulses and beating up their own friends and their lovers. The director of watchman is  Zack Snyder  who scored a huge success a couple of years ago with 300 the spartans movie he's been called the visionary director ", "up their own friends and their lovers. The director of watchman is Zack Snyder who scored a huge success a couple of years ago with 300 the spartans movie he's been called the visionary director on ", "Question if it works so well part of the film. Why not use computer generated backgrounds for the whole film director  Zack Snyder  answered and why not. Don't work. 300 is the title. 800 Spartan soldiers holed up 250000. Persons but the battle ", "film. Why not use computer generated backgrounds for the whole film director Zack Snyder answered and why not. Don't work. 300 is the title. 800 Spartan soldiers holed up 250000. Persons but the battle of the ", "valor. Good And nearly naked men with abs of steel. There there isn't it there. them into the eighties director  Zack Snyder  uses all of today's modern technology to assault your senses. And bring the spirit of the Spartan 300 to wanted to ", "-- there. -- -- -- -- -- them into the eighties director Zack Snyder uses all of today's modern technology to assault your senses. And bring the spirit of the Spartan 300 to -- -- wanted "]