['nearly the future for the stars of "Back to the Future." In the hugely successful 1980s film franchise, director  Robert Zemeckis  aged his stars, including Michael J. Fox, with makeup and lighting as they traveled in time from 1985 to 1955 ', 'debuted at pop culture convention Comic-Con today during Disney\'s 3-D panel, which also featured clips from  Robert Zemeckis \' "A Christmas Carol" and the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film, "Tron." (Leaked "Alice" clips appeared on ', "because you keep coming back, and suicide's not only painless, it's occasionally even a strategy. To spin the  Robert Zemeckis  flick: Life becomes you. By losing the oldest fail state in the book (and adding a companion named Elika who follows ", 'otherworldly "Beowulf" comes out on DVD and HD-DVD this week with a special director\'s cut available on DVD only.  Robert Zemeckis \' gorgeously rotoscoped movie is packed with special features, including "A Hero\'s Journey: The Making of Beowulf ', 'otherworldly "Beowulf" comes out on DVD and HD-DVD this week with a special director\'s cut available on DVD only.  Robert Zemeckis \' gorgeously rotoscoped movie is packed with special features, including "A Hero\'s Journey: The Making of Beowulf ', 'otherworldly "Beowulf" comes out on DVD and HD-DVD this week with a special director\'s cut available on DVD only.  Robert Zemeckis \' gorgeously rotoscoped movie is packed with special features, including "A Hero\'s Journey: The Making of Beowulf ', 'otherworldly "Beowulf" comes out on DVD and HD-DVD this week with a special director\'s cut available on DVD only.  Robert Zemeckis \' gorgeously rotoscoped movie is packed with special features, including "A Hero\'s Journey: The Making of Beowulf ', 'otherworldly "Beowulf" comes out on DVD and HD-DVD this week with a special director\'s cut available on DVD only.  Robert Zemeckis \' gorgeously rotoscoped movie is packed with special features, including "A Hero\'s Journey: The Making of Beowulf ', 'otherworldly "Beowulf" comes out on DVD and HD-DVD this week with a special director\'s cut available on DVD only.  Robert Zemeckis \' gorgeously rotoscoped movie is packed with special features, including "A Hero\'s Journey: The Making of Beowulf ', 'The award-winning team of  Robert Zemeckis , Jack Rapke and Steve Starkey joins forces with the Walt Disney Studios to set up a new performance-capture film company, said ', 'known for turning out great filmmakers. George Lucas, director of the "Star Wars" movies, went to USC. So did  Robert Zemeckis , who directed "Back to the Future" and Ron Howard, who directed "A Beautiful Mind." In fact, since 1973 ', "was not amused. As incredible as the technology is, what's even more incredible is the story it tells. Director  Robert Zemeckis  knows real storytelling isn't about seeing, it's about feeling. I asked Hanks if he cried at the end, when ", "in Before Night Falls. Hanks brings one particular good luck charm to the event. For Cast Away he was directed by  Robert Zemeckis , a pairing that last resulted in Oscar gold for Hanks in Forrest Gump. Struggling With Solitude Hanks's stint ", 'Academy award-winning director,  robert zemeckis  is taking viewers for a wild ride. And now, he\'s live-action filmmaking for academy award-winner,  robert zemeckis . Best-known for "back to the future" and "forrest ', 'Academy award-winning director, robert zemeckis is taking viewers for a wild ride. And now, he\'s back with a real thriller, starring denzel washington. Take a look. This is flight 227. We\'re in an uncontrolled dive. Reporter: After more than a decade, "flight" marks the return for live-action filmmaking for academy award-winner, robert zemeckis . Best-known for "back to the future" and "forrest gump." Why did you make us wait so long? They weren\'t as compelling as ', 'or drama. It\'s unique. It\'s a very good story. And obviously, a brilliant director. Reporter: Directed by  robert zemeckis , his first live-action film since "castaway" in 2000. It is the story of a pilot that wrestles a plane to safety ', 'a very good story. And obviously, a brilliant director. Reporter: Directed by robert zemeckis , his first live-action film since "castaway" in 2000. It is the story of a pilot that wrestles a plane to safety. But ', 'this trailer spoilers. Cast away will we learn Tom Hanks gets off the island we and but the director of that film  Robert Zemeckis  said He did on purpose telling a Paper. Nobody wants to be surprised anymore movie producers who put hundreds of ', 'gets off the island we and but the director of that film Robert Zemeckis said He did -- on purpose telling a Paper. Nobody wants to be surprised anymore movie producers who put hundreds of thousands ', 'movie fans know that animation. Has completely changed the game if you saw the 300. Or bail wolf or any of the other  Robert Zemeckis  films are like the polar express you know that its its brand new world for these things and and the question is ', 'you saw the 300. Or bail wolf or any of the other Robert Zemeckis films are like the polar express you know that its its brand new world for these things and and the question is. ', 'the list today the newly released preview of a movie that some are calling technologically groundbreaking. Director  Robert Zemeckis  upcoming film The these 3-D film features the latest advances in stop motion animation and many of notice that ', 'released preview of a movie that some are calling technologically groundbreaking. Director Robert Zemeckis upcoming film -- -- The -- these 3-D film features the latest advances in stop motion animation and many of notice that. ']