['Lupita Murillo: He was bigger than life. He would walk into a room and everybody would immediately look at him, and just gravitate to him.', 'Kola Janoff: Gary was one of those types of people that could be friends with a ditch digger or the president of the United States. ', 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: Sounds like you guys were pretty close?', 'Lupita Murillo: I remember talking to someone who said that he would tip him $100 to go get his car. When he was living large, he was living large.', 'Ron and Kola Janoff headed straight to the country club, filled with equal parts hope and dread.', "At their mother's house, Heather and her brother Brian were told the horrible truth. ", "Ron Janoff, 1996 KVOA package: It's just shocking to think that today he was there, and now he's not. ", 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: You were thinking accident, not homicide?', "But to the Pima County sheriff's investigators dispatched to the scene, it was clear that the blast was no accident.", "Lt. Michael O'Connor, Pima County sheriff's detective: It became clear quickly that this was something that was intentionally done.", "Lupita Murillo: I can't remember a bigger story that has ever come to Tucson like this, that has impacted the community the way this did. I think partly because he was so well-known, and also because the manner in which he was murdered.", 'Investigators later found that a homemade bomb had been placed on the passenger seat and was detonated by remote control. That made an impression on the sheriff. ', "Lt. Michael O'Connor: There's was a lot of debris in the immediate area of where the vehicle was.", 'The smoke had barely cleared at the country club when the rumors began to swirl all around Tucson about the assassination of Gary Triano. The sheriff here said it looked like a professional hit. But if that was true, what was the motive? Who was angry enough at Gary Triano to want to kill him?', "Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: In front of a lot of people in a public place with Gary Triano's friends waiting for him at a birthday party.", 'Authorities soon eliminated that person of interest. But just the talk of why Gary might have died made his children wince.', "Police were now also looking at those closest to Gary. Was Gary's fate guided by the stars or was it a cruel blow by a familiar hand?", 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: How complex and tangled were his personal relationships?', 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: The detectives wouldn\'t have been doing their jobs if they didn\'t ask you, "Who would wanna kill Gary?"', "Robin Gardner: I had no idea; things like that happen in the movies. Things like this don't happen to a friend. Things like this don't happen to the father of your child. ", 'David Bean, photographer: I know Gary was mad about her; I was positive that he was madly in love with her.', "It was love for the real estate developer and the real estate agent turned astrologer. It's hard to believe Pam didn't know her beloved astrology foretells trouble in the matching of an Aries woman and a Scorpio man. ", "At first Brian and Heather, Gary's kids from his first marriage, were less than thrilled about their father remarrying; but that soon changed.", 'Brian Triano: We grew to like her, then love her as a stepmom and mother of our brother and sister.', 'Gary and Pam fought over property, over custody, and mostly, over money. Things changed dramatically after Gary and then girlfriend Robin came back from a vacation to Mexico. ', 'Robin Gardner: When we came back into town Gary was really upset to know that Pam and the children had left Tucson and had moved to Aspen.', 'Gary started commuting to Aspen, often piloting his own plane over the Rockies so he could see his children.', 'Robin Gardner: He flew as often as he could to Aspen. I know that when the children were here, he stayed with them the whole weekend. ', "But bitter divorces are not unusual and Pam was only one of many people who had money issues with Gary Triano. Certainly, Pam didn't seem like a bomb-maker, which left investigators right back where they started.", 'One of those reports caught the eye of an Aspen police detective named Jim Crowley.', "Pam hired her then-neighbor Ron Young as the business manager for the site. But it wasn't long before Pam accused Ron of skimming money from the Web site. She went to Detective Crowley.", "Detective Jim Crowley: We don't know because she never came back. She refused to answer my calls after that.", 'In the meantime, two other businesses had complained about Ron Young and Crowley soon had enough evidence to arrest him on fraud charges.', "Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: As far you could tell, he's stolen how much money?", 'Detective Jim Crowley: During my search, I found a map of the Tucson area and a note that was kind of like a laundry list. You know, buy toothpaste and then down the list a little further was sawed-off shotgun. ', 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: At the time, the name Gary Triano meant what to you?', "Detective Jim Crowley: I was aware that Gary was Pam's ex-husband. I was also aware that Pam had some kind of relationship with Ron Young, and that Ron Young had fled the area. So that's what prompted the call to Tucson.", 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: It seems quite plausible that an ex-wife would want to maintain a life insurance policy for the kids that she had with her ex-husband.', 'But according to reporter Lupita Murrillo, the rumors going around in Tucson revolved around Pam Phillips.', 'But maybe Gary did suspect something. He talked about it with his friends the Janoffs.', 'Kola Janoff: The day before he was killed, he and I were having drinks and he was very nervous, uneasy.', 'Kola Janoff: He said he was very nervous about going to get his children. He felt uneasy about relationships that were there with Pam. ', 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: Relationships meaning the relationship he had with Pam, or the relationship Pam had with somebody else?', 'Pam Phillips, Ron Young, Gary Triano; money, and a home-made bomb. It sounded like something from a soap opera. But investigators believed it was a formula for murder. ', 'Lupita Murillo: From the get-go, everyone that I spoke with, everyone said, "They need to be looking at Pam Phillips. She had a $2 million policy, and she was named as beneficiary. ', 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: So gold-digger wife plus insurance policy equals suspect?', 'But Ron Young was in the wind; without him, there were suspicions, but little evidence. So the Triano investigation languished for almost ten years.', 'She had the house renovated; her deck was featured in the glossy Aspen Sojourner magazine. ', "Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: She was basically a member of your family, at least for a while, and clearly felt very close to the two of you. She never once said, here's what I think happened?", 'Through the years, Heather and Brian maintained their relationship with Pam, even as they had families of their own.', "Inside Ron Young's apartment and storage locker investigators found a computer with saved e-mails, Fed Ex tracking numbers from Aspen and a stash of taped conversations Young had with Pam Phillips, conversations Young had secretly recorded.", 'Authorities say the audiotapes captured conversations that ranged from threats to blackmail. There was always talk about money.', 'Pam Phillips, on tape: Then sit here and deal with things like going to the bank, which is totally illegal, every single week; I am not going to do it. ', 'Pam Phillips, on tape: I am giving money to somebody and I am not spending it, and I am not declaring it, and you are getting money and are you declaring it? ', 'Lupita Murillo: From what I understand, he kept meticulous records. All of it led to Pamela Phillips.', 'The day he was flown to Tucson his horoscope read: "This is a tricky period in which it becomes necessary to focus on reality."', 'Lupita Murillo, on tape: So Mr. Young, how does it feel to be back in Tucson, sir? ', 'Lupita Murillo, on tape: Did you kill Gary Triano, sir? Did you place that bomb?', 'It was October 2008; a Scorpio moon was rising. To some astrologists, this new moon was about truth-telling.', "But it turned out organized crime wasn't involved. Instead, investigators believed in a motive almost as old as the institution of marriage: Pam Phillips was accused of hiring Ron Young to kill her ex-husband for the insurance money.", 'And based on those computer records, investigators say it was a financial relationship that had lasted for years. It all added up; the cash Pam doled out via Fed Ex to Ron Young totaled $400,000.', "Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: That's what ended up making the case against him?", "Heather Triano: I was her friend and I lived with her. So, no, I didn't think she was a suspect at all.", 'Then they read the search warrant affidavit which detailed the audio taped conversations.', 'Ron Young, on tape: Yes, but it is totally safe. The only nightmare is in your head. ', "Pam Phillips, on tape: Okay, fine. I am trying to get rid of it, but it's there.", 'Ron Young, on tape: Okay, well I have a nightmare too, so we need to deal with this. ', "Brian Triano: It's at that point that we realized something was wrong, that the whole thing wasn't right.", "Heather Triano: I wanted to throw up. Yes, it's a really hard thing to think, a horrible thing to think.", 'But while Ron Young sits in a Tucson jail, Pam Phillips is in a much better place. ', 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: How can she not be in custody? This is not some hardened criminal.', 'And in fact, she is; last February Dateline found Pam Phillips living in the lap of luxury in the lakeside town of Lugano, where her daughter attends college. ', "Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: Do you think she's going to return to the United States voluntarily?", "But the possibility of justice in their father's case is of no comfort to Heather and Brian. ", 'Josh Mankiewicz, NBC News Correspondent: If this thing ends with Pam being convicted, is that for the two of you, the worst way this could have come out?', "Brian Triano: We don't want someone we know and cared about to be a murderer. If that's the case, that's horrible.", "Heather Triano: My brother and sister won't have a mother or a father, that's horrible.", "Robin Gardner: I am sad that my daughter is never going to meet him. My daughter isn't gonna be educated in the manner of life the way she would have been if Gary were still alive.", "Brian Triano: He's dead; it never goes away. I know my father will never see my daughter. I know every time my daughter sees a picture of my father, she thinks it's me. I have to explain, no, that's daddy's daddy. You know, I miss him, he was a good guy, and he would have been a great grandfather.", 'Pam Phillips believed that the answers to a happy, successful life could be found in the stars, and she might be right. Her ex-husband is dead, the insurance money is hers, Ron Young is facing a murder trial,, and Pam is living in Switzerland.']