['my work and said \'Hey, have you ever tried animating your figures?\' He showed me \'Wallace and Gromit\' and some  Tim Burton  films and I gave it a try." The creation process takes anywhere from a month to a few months to complete, depending ', 'represented here," wrote one TripAdvisor reviewer who visited House on the Rock. Another titled their review, "Ali Baba +  Tim Burton  = House on the Rock." The house was "built into and onto a giant rock" by Alex Jordan and is architecturally interesting ', 'was later settled for an undisclosed amount. Glover continued to act in films, including "Charlie\'s Angels" and  Tim Burton \'s "Alice in Wonderland." Lea Thompson Thompson played Lorraine Baines McFly in the entire trilogy, while adding ', "to trick-or-treat there, ABC News White House correspondent Ann Compton notes. Last year Hollywood's macabre  Tim Burton  decorated the East Room for the Obama daughters with live Zombie characters. But alas, this year will be different ", "California lines up alongside the curious tourists to buy a ticket. Headless Horseman Hayride, Ulster Park, New York  Tim Burton 's chiller Sleepy Hollow had nothing on this Hudson Valley haunt-topia. In addition to the hayride, there are six haunted ", 'Just in time for Halloween, the latest collaboration between Johnny Depp and director  Tim Burton  is out on Blu-ray and available for download. Go behind the scenes of "Dark Shadows" with Depp, Burton, and Michelle Pfeiffer ', 'Baron Cohen\'s comedy "The Dictator," the ensemble pregnancy tale "What to Expect When You\'re Expecting" and  Tim Burton \'s "Dark Shadows." Hollywood.com\'s Paul Dergarabedian said the success of "The Avengers" is both good and bad ', 'I became utterly distracted by  Tim Burton \'s stunning baroque rendering of Eva Green ... gorgeous! Why is  Tim Burton  ruining his glorious visuals with water?" Puh-LEEZ. But it\'s  Tim Burton  and Johnny Depp - let\'s give it ', 'Mojo, dwarfing its prequel debut of $98.6 million. But "Iron Man\'s" gross was higher at $318.4 million.  Tim Burton \'s "Dark Shadows" film, to be released on Friday, is based on a 1966-1971 gothic soap opera that aired on ABC ', 'nine-year-old, according to her official website, and had her first big break portraying Violet Beauregarde in  Tim Burton \'s "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" in 2006. Since then she has had major parts in Hollywood fare like "Bridge ', "show 21 Jump Street, Depp easily could have become an action star but he preferred to work with offbeat directors like  Tim Burton  and John Waters. Like DiCaprio, Depp's early choices weren't always hits. But his insistence on making each role ", "to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein and. It's okay. We're best animated found the nominees are. Franken we need  Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam and Chris Butler. And brain Mark ", "We're best animated -- -- found the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck -- Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam -- and Chris Butler. And brain Mark ", "to pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein. We're best animated feature film the nominees are. Franken we need  Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam fell and Chris Butler. And brave ", "Weinstein. We're best animated feature film the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam fell and Chris Butler. And brave Mark ", "pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein. We're best animated feature film the nominees are there. Franken we need  Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam and Chris Butler. And brave ", "We're best animated feature film the nominees are there. Franken we need Tim Burton . The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam -- and Chris Butler. And brave Mark ", "wonderful bonds. And Roger morrow Beautiful man. My friend. I loved working with him. And the other played was for  Tim Burton  Batman returns. For the next track track also hope that on. Well he was that wasn't and by the you know Max is the ", "loved working with him. And the other -- -- played was for Tim Burton Batman returns. For the next track track also hope that on. Well he was -- that wasn't and by the you know ", "Waiting too long I have to say you know  Tim Burton  is notorious for taking. Really need some details. Great it really  Tim Burton  Johnny Depp have acknowledged power and this is very much  Tim Burton 's style. the that Hussein went ", "and you -- Waiting too long I have to say you know Tim Burton is notorious for taking. Really you know scripts like that's a really doing it and making it really cheesy really going overboard ", "to his -- that we're really need some details. Great it really Tim Burton Johnny Depp have acknowledged -- -- power and this is very much Tim Burton's style. -- -- -- the -- -- -- that Hussein went about it would you want to. The spot news have a "]