['In the arid mountains of Asia, men young and old tame wild eagles for hunting partners.', "Americans who served. And sacrifice. This week the Pentagon released the names of ten service members killed in Afghanistan in  Kyrgyzstan . That's all for us today thanks for sharing part of your Sunday with us check out world news with David Muir tonight and ", "Pentagon released the names of ten service members killed in Afghanistan in Kyrgyzstan . That's all for us today thanks for sharing part of your Sunday with us check out world news with David Muir tonight ", 'now the deadliest week of the year for americans. On friday a refueling plane on its way into the country from neighboring  kyrgyzstan  crashed killing all three americans on board. On monday these horrifying moments, this civilian cargo plane had just taken ', 'friday a refueling plane on its way into the country from neighboring kyrgyzstan crashed killing all three americans on board. On monday these horrifying moments, this civilian cargo plane had just taken off. You can ', "his family because of the conflict in the early ninety's and live for years. If this says Kazakhstan we believe it's  Kyrgyzstan  before getting to the United States a refugee. Caroline says he doesn't usually take his shirt off in in this particular ", "ninety's and live for years. If this says Kazakhstan we believe it's Kyrgyzstan before getting to the United States -- a refugee. Caroline says he doesn't usually take his shirt off in in this particular ", 'situation in Iran also that unrest in  Kyrgyzstan  but they are here first and foremost just a moment ago to the unrest and and  Kyrgyzstan  and the such important US ally in the leader who seems to have taken over in  Kyrgyzstan  says that there will not be any interference ', 'business meeting. Dealing with the situation in Iran also that unrest in Kyrgyzstan but they are here first and foremost to make history. By signing the most significant arms reduction treaty in two decades. The ', "that you alluded just a moment ago to the unrest and and Kyrgyzstan and the such important US ally in the war against Afghanistan George. That's exactly right the president had backed. The president -- this seems to have been ousted in -- -- him because He won its support for United States base in curious and which is used to resupply. Afghanistan White House officials say that this base is still running despite the fact that the president has left. The capital and this interim leader this opposition leader who seems to have taken over in Kyrgyzstan says that there will not be any interference with the operation of that base -- In just a little -- town much ", "area. The thing is that's not very stable either who they're been disruptions this year there was ethnic violence in  Kyrgyzstan  and a dispute. Over the air base there there's been a border closing between Uzbekistan and Tajikistan. this currently ", "-- who they're been disruptions this year there was ethnic violence in Kyrgyzstan and a dispute. Over the air base there there's been a border closing between Uzbekistan and Tajikistan. -- this currently only one ", 'today. He and President Dmitry Medvedev reached agreement in numerous areas they will coordinate on humanitarian aid for  Kyrgyzstan . There will also worked together for Russia to join the World Trade Organization. But there were points of contention ', 'reached agreement in numerous areas they will coordinate on humanitarian aid for Kyrgyzstan . There will also worked together for Russia to join the World Trade Organization. But there were points of contention. Our two countries ', "news and. Are closer look for tonight there's one other note from overseas the government of the central Asian nation of  Kyrgyzstan . Says it wants to close a critical US air base used to supply US troops fighting in Afghanistan. The area it is especially ", 'other note from overseas the government of the central Asian nation of Kyrgyzstan . Says it wants to close a critical US air base used to supply US troops fighting in Afghanistan. The area it is ']