['military plane crashed in  Kyrgyzstan  today, shortly after taking 100 miles from the capital of  Bishkek  and near the border with Kazakhstan according to a spokesman for the  Kyrgyz  Emergency Situations Ministry and out of Afghanistan. The  Kyrgyz  government has set up a committee ', 'Friday, hours after the 500th body was pulled from the debris. 2. U.S. Military Plane Crashes  Kyrgyzstan  The emergencies ministry in  Kyrgyzstan  says a U.S. military plane has crashed in the country, where there is a U.S. base that is ', 'Republican senators said this weekend that the enemy-combatant designation was appropriate in the case of Tsarnaev, the  Kyrgyzstan -born naturalized U.S. citizen. He was charged today with using a weapon of mass destruction in connection with the blasts ', 'our jobs." Much of this talk is based on the fact that both of the alleged perpetrators of the Boston bombing were born in  Kyrgyzstan  and were of Chechen ethnicity, and both had lived in the U.S. legally for about a decade. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was ', 'returned for a visit for the first time in February last year. He stayed until July. His mother said he entered Russia on his  Kyrgyz  passport (he holds an American green card) and applied for a Russian passport while he was here. She said Tamerlan visited ', 'during World War II. They resettled in  Kyrgyzstan , which then was part of the Soviet married and eventually returned to live in  Kyrgyzstan . They had four children, two girls the younger son Dzhokhar was born in  Kyrgyzstan . The young couple decided to leave ', 'least one of the brothers is a legal permanent resident in the United States. The brothers are believed to have spent time in  Kyrgyzstan . CITY-WIDE SHELTER IN PLACE: From Boston Mayor Thomas Menino earlier this morning: "The City of Boston is urging City-wide ', 'is a legal permanent resident in the United States, according to sources. The brothers are believed to have spent time in  Kyrgyzstan . 8:23 a.m. ET: All taxi service has been suspended in Boston, police say. 8:19 a.m. ET: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ', 'on hold. http://uninews.us/YzxmCQ The two suspects in the bombing, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev , were born in  Kyrgyzstan  and are of Chechen ethnicity, according to ABC News. The suspect who still remains at large, 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ', 'a shame on the entire Chechnyan ethnicity." Tsami, a Muslim and Chechen, said both men were ethnic Chechens, born in  Kyrgyzstan , but had lived in the U.S. for several years. The last time he saw the brothers was December 2005, he told reporters ', 'Tsarnaev, 26, who was killed in a shootout early this morning, have been identified as ethnically Chechen. Both were born in  Kyrgyzstan . Friday marked the beginning of the first full Senate Judiciary committee hearing on immigration reform. This week, the ', 'Current status: Dead. Killed in overnight shootout. Born:  Kyrgyzstan , according to his uncle Ruslan Tsarni; of Chechen ethnicity effectively shut down Boston and surrounding cities. Born:  Kyrgyzstan , according to his uncle Ruslan Tsarni; of Chechen ethnicity ', 'The two brothers suspected in the Boston Marathon bombing came to the U.S. from  Kyrgyzstan  and Chechnya, a primarily Muslim region in southern Russia with a history of conflict and insurrection, according to ABC News ', 'In the arid mountains of Asia, men young and old tame wild eagles for hunting partners.', "Americans who served. And sacrifice. This week the Pentagon released the names of ten service members killed in Afghanistan in  Kyrgyzstan . That's all for us today thanks for sharing part of your Sunday with us check out world news with David Muir tonight and ", "Pentagon released the names of ten service members killed in Afghanistan in Kyrgyzstan . That's all for us today thanks for sharing part of your Sunday with us check out world news with David Muir tonight ", 'now the deadliest week of the year for americans. On friday a refueling plane on its way into the country from neighboring  kyrgyzstan  crashed killing all three americans on board. On monday these horrifying moments, this civilian cargo plane had just taken ', 'friday a refueling plane on its way into the country from neighboring kyrgyzstan crashed killing all three americans on board. On monday these horrifying moments, this civilian cargo plane had just taken off. You can ', "his family because of the conflict in the early ninety's and live for years. If this says Kazakhstan we believe it's  Kyrgyzstan  before getting to the United States a refugee. Caroline says he doesn't usually take his shirt off in in this particular ", "ninety's and live for years. If this says Kazakhstan we believe it's Kyrgyzstan before getting to the United States -- a refugee. Caroline says he doesn't usually take his shirt off in in this particular ", 'situation in Iran also that unrest in  Kyrgyzstan  but they are here first and foremost just a moment ago to the unrest and and  Kyrgyzstan  and the such important US ally in the leader who seems to have taken over in  Kyrgyzstan  says that there will not be any interference ', 'business meeting. Dealing with the situation in Iran also that unrest in Kyrgyzstan but they are here first and foremost to make history. By signing the most significant arms reduction treaty in two decades. The ', "that you alluded just a moment ago to the unrest and and Kyrgyzstan and the such important US ally in the war against Afghanistan George. That's exactly right the president had backed. The president -- this seems to have been ousted in -- -- him because He won its support for United States base in curious and which is used to resupply. Afghanistan White House officials say that this base is still running despite the fact that the president has left. The capital and this interim leader this opposition leader who seems to have taken over in Kyrgyzstan says that there will not be any interference with the operation of that base -- In just a little -- town much ", "area. The thing is that's not very stable either who they're been disruptions this year there was ethnic violence in  Kyrgyzstan  and a dispute. Over the air base there there's been a border closing between Uzbekistan and Tajikistan. this currently ", "-- who they're been disruptions this year there was ethnic violence in Kyrgyzstan and a dispute. Over the air base there there's been a border closing between Uzbekistan and Tajikistan. -- this currently only one ", 'today. He and President Dmitry Medvedev reached agreement in numerous areas they will coordinate on humanitarian aid for  Kyrgyzstan . There will also worked together for Russia to join the World Trade Organization. But there were points of contention ', 'reached agreement in numerous areas they will coordinate on humanitarian aid for Kyrgyzstan . There will also worked together for Russia to join the World Trade Organization. But there were points of contention. Our two countries ']