["insurance fraud run by a  crime syndicate  that counted on the Italy's war on  organized crime  has a new anti- Mafia  czar. Franco Roberti battled the Camorra  crime syndicate  in the Campania region the national anti- Mafia  prosecutor, succeeding ", 'reputed Boston  crime  boss James "Whitey and Bulger were  FBI  informants. Bulger about an earlier  murder  committed by the relationship with former  FBI  agent John Connolly taking down  the Mafia  was a top priority for the  FBI . He said the ', "Flemmi said he and Bulger were  FBI  informants for years. Flemmi said Bulger gave information to former  FBI  Agent John Connolly. He said they ratted manly on  the Mafia , but also on  criminals  in South Boston. After Flemmi's ", 'To the  FBI  he was known designating " organized crime ." He was That role as  FBI informant  as well has ties to rogue  FBI  agents helped rivals in  La Cosa Nostra , the Italian  Mafia . "Based the Italian  Mafia . The report ', 'Comey as the seventh  FBI  director and thanked we disrupt or how many  criminals  we bring to justice helped bring down the  Gambino crime  family, and served as a "benefit" to the  FBI . "He\'s previously in the history of the  FBI ," Obama said to Mueller ', "money laundering scandal involving  Sicilian mafia  drug money. The Vatican Bank was accusations it was laundering the  Gambino crime  family's heroin profits. Banco London. Whether it was suicide or  murder  remains a mystery. The scandal ", 'Securities and Exchange  Commission  today, tapping a top white-collar  crime  prosecutor to "keep prosecuted white-collar  criminals  and money launderers Gotti, the head of the  Gambino crime syndicate . "You don\'t want ', "of the Detroit  Mafia  could lead to Zerilli, who the  FBI  believes was one being involved in  the Mafia  -- was in jail of the Detroit  Mafia  whose father was of the Detroit  Mafia , that's a real he added. The  FBI  field office in ", 'See you know, they should go to  the mafia , don\'t touch the wives or the children," Leno said. "But  the mafia  may be a more honorable profession weeks, Gingrich has tweeted about  FBI  bloodhounds on his flight, large ', "remnants of his  crime -filled past of books about  the mafia , including titles boss of the Irish  mafia  inspired Jack said former  FBI  consultant and was among the  FBI 's most wanted on 19 counts of  murder . Greig was just ", 'famed mobster turned  FBI informant , you may think you still in hiding from  the Mafia , which had a bounty rat" and became an  FBI informant . His testimony horses, women,  drugs  and rock n\' roll On the Run: A  Mafia  Childhood," Gregg ', "organized crime  is the biggest different  mafia  clans with In Italy,  mafia  is normally known as  Cosa Nostra  . But there branches of  organized crime  in Italy denounce  Cosa Nostra , Sicily's brand of  organized crime . Without and even  murder . Swayed stance.  Mafia  Is Italy's organized crime  clans in ", 'white collar  crime : a scheme million. Nicky  Scarfo  Jr., 46 one-time Philly  mafia  boss "Little Nicky"  Scarfo , was arrested three-year  FBI  investigation alleged  Lucchese  family mob counts of  murder , attempted in 2007.  Scarfo  is already co-defendants.  The mafia  lineage of man in the  Genovese  family in ', "proof that  La Cosa Nostra  is not quite the modern  mafia  and is anything haircuts and  FBI  windbreaker from seven  crime  family's phenomenal  Colombo Gambino .  Genovese  and she's Violent  crime  extortion loan shark  drug running  and a few Two other  murder  victims allegedly of your.  La Cosa Nostra  would be ", "neighborhoods even a quarter hours of power. But today brought proof that La Cosa Nostra is not quite ready for museum mothballs. It was a roundup of so many alleged goodfellas the feds used an army base to hold the mall. So what is the State's of the modern mafia and is -- anything close to the brand made famous by Brando we asked a few who know. If this were gangster movies this will be the start of the third act. You know the part where the guys in short haircuts and FBI windbreaker swoop into the neighborhood -- -- Tony bagels and beating heart Washington. But no self respecting director would ever shoot the scene this big -- 800 agents and more -- in Italy. 127. Plus including thirty made -- from seven crime family's. Nothing like this has ever been seen in a century. Here they are and the nonfiction flesh they even got the real Anthony bagels today's and Vincenzo -- car wash for a share -- hitting all household names be phenomenal Colombo Gambino . Genovese and she's fails. What are your household is in Brooklyn or just has a dvd player and a taste for great Brando. -- -- Now I thank you for government organizes. The median. Muslim and it's five sadness. And the you know ordinances. But most in the know say today's mob is very different from the one portrayed in the godfather films sure they're still -- of the same. Violent crime extortion loan shark drug running and a few bloody acts of -- -- month. I said. Two other murder victims allegedly were shot in -- public bar. Because of a dispute over a spilled drink. But compared to the union running politically connected -- of industry -- of your. -- La Cosa Nostra would be considered small potatoes. -- a lot of the power been taken away yes a lot of the respect and always that we -- to do things. Yes Michael frenzies was a former captain of the Colombo Crime Family his father -- Was the -- boss once caught on a wiretap describing his favorite way to dispose of bodies using ", 'murder . The  murder  of a popular accused in the  murder  of lil phat investigation by the  fbi  itself after obstructed the  murder  case while a russian  mafia  boss in new name the  crime  he did it became a major  organized crime  terror in ', "man with some hot wheels. Reporter: This is a story about a murder . The murder of a popular atlanta rapper called lil phat. And about a fascination with a russian mobster turned russian informant. Mani chulpayev accused in the murder of lil phat, something he strongly denies. There is no reason to be afraid of me. I'm the nicest guy you'll ever meet. Reporter: And dante jackson, now under investigation by the fbi itself after allegations he obstructed the murder case while receiving extravagant gifts from his informant. It's nice to have an fbi agent that is looking over your shoulder, I guess. Reporter: Our abc news investigation into all this began months ago in fort ", 'of luxury cars, including a half million rolls-royce, that protected under the fbi he had returned to his criminal ways. How can we rely on what you are saying? Because I stand behind what i ', "benefits. I went to school to show off. He became a major organized crime terror in new york, ultimately making millions of dollars. What have you been convicted of? I was convicted of, you know, running a -- being in an organized crime group back in the days. Arson? Arson. Kidnapping? Kidnapping. Extortion? Conspiracy to call that. Reporter: Convicted as one of the men behind the arson that destroyed this supermarket. But to avoid a long prison term or deportation, chulpayev quickly made a deal to cooperate with the government and the fbi and rat out his partners in crime . You were convicted of crimes that could have put you in prison for life? Yes. Could have led to your deportation? Yes. None of that happened. Of course because i cooperated. You took the fbi's way out? My way out, yes. Reporter: At the time the fbi and prosecutors said chulpayev was one of the most important witnesses ever against the russian mob. Now despite his tattoo, the inform ability says he does have one regret. Given your background did it bother you to be known as a snitch, a rat? Of course. It still bothers me to this day. But it worked. After his testimony he was set free, moved to atlanta and promised protection by the fbi . That was 2002. Who was the atlanta man hiding these stolen cars? Reporter: Just three years later chulpayev was back to his ", 'a best drive  FBI informant  whose life is story about a  murder . The  murder mobster turned  FBI  informed me back And about the  FBI  agent in the as a Russian  mafia  boss in New York prostitutes you the  crime  you know he did ', "it up from zero. What makes eagle for a best drive -- FBI informant whose life is about to spin out of control. And now would still be a visit to a -- -- with some hot wheels. This is a story about a murder . The murder of a popular Atlanta rapper called little -- what -- also yeah. Yeah. Yeah. -- -- -- in the -- nation. And about a high living former Russian mobster turned FBI informed me back out. Many Chicago. Accused in the murder of little -- Something he strongly denies there's no reason to be afraid of -- on the nicest guy eleven news. And about the FBI agent in the Atlanta office who wish of -- hands. Dante Jackson -- -- under investigation by the FBI itself after allegations he obstructed the murder case while receiving extravagant gifts. It's nice to have an FBI agent and that's looking over your shoulder I guess. Our ABC news investigation into all this began months ago in Fort Lauderdale. ", "And with a well documented record of ruthless violence as a Russian mafia boss in New York. Beat -- people had terrorist mindset threatening to extorting kidnapping muggings torturing people. New York lawyer Ben Bachmann came to notion -- well when he cross examine him about his crimes and how bad was it. On a scale of one to ten probably a hundred. Pimping young women were kept -- this is threatening to kill their families in the Soviet Union if they didn't. Work as prostitutes you -- the crime you know he did it. For all his criminal convictions -- volumes could be serving life in prison for at least deported to Russia but he is not. Instead we found him leading a life of luxury and fancy cars in south floor. One day and a red Ferrari. The next day a silver Mercedes the next -- top of the line -- All thanks to the FBI and federal prosecutors who again and again have protected him and kept him on the streets as an informant and government. Witness ", "way out of his latest troubles and allegations. That protected by the FBI he had returned to his violent criminal ways. How can we rely anything you're saying. How can you rely -- because I'm ", 'He thought  the mafia  is just a movies. The  FBI  reminded us laundering to  murder . Pierre Thomas fictional  mafia  leader Tony about fifty  mafia  members behind killed the  Cosa Nostra  in the US dead Italian  mafia  will still ', "-- -- He is a former mobster. Who helped put about fifty mafia members behind bars you're always concerned about retribution. And big -- take on whether today's massive arrests. Would truly wounded or killed the Cosa Nostra in the US. The Italian mobs not dead now they'll never be dead. Because as long as there's people out there to gamble. Go to prostitutes. And borrow money. There's always going to be somebody to cater to -- you'll be dead and I'll be dead -- Italian mafia will still be here. So George I guess the short answer is forget about -- I was wondering if you're gonna go ", 'find his remains over the years and now  FBI  agents are scouring field in suburban union boss who allegedly had ties to  the mafia . Vanished from a Detroit restaurant for the price tag on this search. The  FBI  says this is costing no more than the ', "38 years. Hoffa the former union boss who allegedly had ties to the mafia . Vanished from a Detroit restaurant back in 1975. They don't wanna get anything his disappearance has led to wild Gruber. And even ", 'mobster turned  FBI informant  back to his about a The  murder  of an Atlanta Accused in the  murder  of little obstructed the  murder  case while a Russian  mafia  boss in New about his  crime  was how bad became a major  organized crime  terror a ', "that in. This is a special edition of Nightline a mobster a murder . And the FBI . Thanks for being with us tonight I'm -- -- and we have the story of a Russian mobster turned FBI informant . Turned Floridian Playboy -- now accused of aiding in the murder of a rap star. But sounds like -- whole novel plot is a startling piece of unraveling nonfiction. Complete with fast cars and violence and backroom deals in here to tell it. ABC's chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross. This is a story about a -- The murder of an Atlanta rapper called move back to what she will also -- -- I -- -- little. -- -- -- -- -- And about a high living former Russian mobster turned FBI and -- Many Chicago. Accused in the murder of little back. Something he strongly denies there is no reason to be afraid -- -- the nicest guy eleven me. And about the FBI agent in the Atlanta office foolish of volumes tennis -- Jackson. Now under investigation by the FBI itself after allegations he obstructed the murder case -- while receiving an extravagant gifts. It's nice to have an FBI agent that it's looking over your shoulder I guess. Our ABC news Nightline investigation into all this began months ago in Fort ", "And with a well documented record of ruthless violence as a Russian mafia boss in New York. Beat up people as terrorists mindset threatening to extorting kidnapping muggings torturing people. Audio lawyer Ben Batman came to -- -- -- well when he cross examine him about his crime was how bad policy. On a scale of one to ten probably a hundred. Pimping young women -- kept captive and threatening to kill their families in the Soviet Union if they didn't. Work as prostitutes you name the crime you know he did it. For all his criminal convictions -- volume could be serving life in prison or at least deported to Russia. But he is not instead we found him leading a life of luxury and fancy cars and south floor. One day in a red Ferrari the next day a silver Mercedes the next top of the line range. All thanks to the FBI and federal prosecutors who again and again have protected him and kept him on the street as an informant and government. Witness ", "way out of his latest troubles and allegations. That protected by the FBI he had returned to his violent criminal ways. How can we rely anything -- -- How can utilize because I'm saying -- ", 'mobster turned  FBI informant  turned Floridian about a The  murder  of an Atlanta Accused in the  murder  of Something obstructed the  murder  case and a Russian  mafia  boss in New about his  crime  was how bad became a major  organized crime  terror in ', "We have the story of a Russian mobster turned FBI informant turned Floridian Playboy -- now accused of aiding in the murder of a rap star. What sounds like -- -- novel plot is a startling piece of unraveling nonfiction. Complete with fast cars and violence and backroom deals in here to tell it. ABC's chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross. This is a story about a -- The murder of an Atlanta restaurants called move back to what she will also -- I -- -- little. -- -- -- -- -- And about a high living former Russian mobster turned FBI and work. About its many Chevalier. Accused in the murder of -- Something he strongly denies there's no reason to be afraid -- -- the nicest guy eleven me. And about the FBI agent in the Atlanta office foolish of volumes -- -- Jackson. Now under investigation by the FBI -- itself. After allegations he obstructed the murder case and while receiving an extravagant gifts this inform them. It's nice to have an FBI agent that's looking over your shoulder I -- Our ABC news Nightline investigation into all of this began months ago in Fort ", "And with a well documented record of ruthless violence as a Russian mafia boss in New York. Beat up people as terrorists mindset. Threatening to extorting kidnapping muggings torturing people. New York lawyer Ben Batman came to notion -- -- well when he cross examine him about his crime was how bad was. On a scale of one to ten probably a hundred. Pimping young women -- -- kept captive -- threatening to kill their families in the Soviet Union if they didn't. Work as prostitutes you -- the crime you know he did it. For all his criminal convictions -- volume could be serving life in prison -- at least deported to Russia but he is not. Instead we found him leading a life of luxury and fancy cars and south -- One day in a red Ferrari the next day a silver Mercedes the next top of the line range. All thanks to the FBI and federal prosecutors who again and again have protected him and kept him on the streets as an informant and government. Witness ", "way out of his latest troubles and allegations. That protected by the FBI he had returned to his violent criminal ways and how can we rely anything -- -- How can you -- because I'm "]