['Kerry Heffernan\'s Frankenweenies "In a Casket"  Julia Child \'s Beef Bourguignon Make this classic French dish in honor of the popular musical. Recipe:  Julia Child \'s Beef Bourguignon Rachael Ray\'s Crabby Guacamole ', 'Shades of Grey Poupon , anyone? Those chosen to become Society members will get the chance to win  Julia Child \'s "  Mastering the Art of French Cooking  " or a Grey Poupon shopping bag. Those who do not cut the mustard will be able to try again ', "years. An avid eater and cook, he has attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a BBQ contest and once dined with  Julia Child . Follow him on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy , and if there's a unique American eatery you think he should visit, send ", "years. An avid eater and cook, he has attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a BBQ contest and once dined with  Julia Child . Follow him on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy , and if there's a unique American eatery you think he should visit, send ", "years. An avid eater and cook, he has attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a BBQ contest and once dined with  Julia Child . Follow him on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy , and if there's a unique American eatery you think he should visit, send ", "years. An avid eater and cook, he has attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a BBQ contest and once dined with  Julia Child . Follow him on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy , and if there's a unique American eatery you think he should visit, send ", "years. An avid eater and cook, he has attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a BBQ contest and once dined with  Julia Child . Follow him on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy , and if there's a unique American eatery you think he should visit, send ", '10:31 a.m.: Legendary chef  Julia Child  was born 100 years ago today. We remember her with a look back at a 2009 story on Child and Julie Powell, the young chef and author whose book "Julie and Julia" was made into a movie starring Meryl Streep:', 'stumbling block is fear of failure. In cooking you\'ve got to have a what-the-hell attitude." -  Julia Child  This year, on Aug. 15,  Julia Child  would have celebrated her 100th birthday. In honor of her contributions to cooking and French cuisine ', "years. An avid eater and cook, he has attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a BBQ contest and once dined with  Julia Child . Follow him on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy , and if there's a unique American eatery you think he should visit, send ", 'runway in the middle of the continent\'s winter. 5.  Julia Child \'s Birthday Celebrated Restaurants across the country week of "Bon Appetit" in honor of what would have been  Julia Child \'s 100th birthday. Eateries from New York to California ', "years. An avid eater and cook, he has attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a BBQ contest and once dined with  Julia Child . Follow him on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy , and if there's a unique American eatery you think he should visit, send ", "status of the late great chef  Julia Child . As many of you know Julia Well kind of different I'm  Julia Child  she was the queen of cuisine Soon after she coauthored  mastering the art of French cooking  and. And becoming America's ", "His appreciation of food inspired her to cook. Soon after she coauthored mastering the art of French cooking and. And becoming America's authority on French booed by her influence cell towers over today's TV savvy celebrity chef's chocolate actually. We ", 'extraordinary career and how it all began.  Julia Child  was brought up in Pasadena California by John the book that changed the way Americans eat.  Mastering the art of French cooking . Producers on public television asked Julia ', 'ten years that became the book that changed the way Americans eat. Mastering the art of French cooking . Producers on public television asked Julia to come on to talk about the book. I thought well. I better bring along. We ', 'Julia child  was such a treasured memory of our "gma Welcome to "therench chef." I\'m  julia child . Reporter: Before she was a culinary icon --  julia child  presents the chicken sisters. Reporter ', 'Julia child was such a treasured memory of our "gma" family. Today would be her 100th birthday. We\'re going to help her remember with a new biography, "dearie," about the chef who influenced so much in our kitchens and on our culture. Welcome to "therench chef." I\'m julia child . Reporter: Before she was a culinary icon -- julia child presents the chicken sisters. Reporter: Before she was lovingly spoofed by comedians. My name\'s julia child . Today, we\'re going to make a holiday feast. Reporter: And oscar winners. Julia child was a free spirit. Jerk it. Like this? There. You see. They come up. Remember, jerk toward you. Reporter: The 6\'3" woman, ', 'around here -- there she goes. Reporter: Julia was family. On "gma," julia child cooked not only for our audience -- you can improve the flavor of your wine if you drop a live eel in the bottle. When you try it, let me know if it works. Throw it on the floor. Reporter: For her dear friend, charlie gibson. Julia child and charlie gibson had quite a flirtation going on. They were so funny together. They really got each other going. Douse it with red wine. You\'re dousing, aren\'t you? Reporter: Julia child would have been 100 years old today. She finished cooking too soon. But we will always remember her. This is julia child , bon appetit. It\'s great to see julia and charlie together again. I think I remember that scene there, with the red wine. She drank a few of those glasses. She deserves it after all her cooking. Happy birthday, julia. We have classic recipes from julia child and more photos on our website, goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! And we\'ll be right back. know ', "delectable cuisine where. chicken and her slapstick humor. is her unmistakable. Voice I'm  Julia Child . In 1963. Brimming with confidence and  Julia Child  became America's first television Campbell's whose daughter Jordan hopes that his mother ", "-- chicken and her slapstick humor. -- is her unmistakable. Voice I'm Julia Child . In 1963. Brimming with confidence and Julia Child became America's first television -- -- Campbell's whose daughter Jordan hopes that his mother can have a procurement czar. Letting her personality ", 'master of the culinary arts but  Julia Child  was also a spy sort of maybe got We have known for some years of  Julia Child  service has shown in the PBS documentary triple That sounds just like the  Julia Child  we saw later on TV. John Cochran ', "a popular TV personality and the master of the culinary arts but Julia Child was also a spy sort of maybe got a masters by -- -- during World War II she worked for the Office of Strategic Services the huge spy network created by president Franklin Roosevelt. The OSS and as the forerunner of today's CIA. Others who served in the OSS include a future Supreme Court justice Arthur Goldberg historian Arthur Schlesinger junior and baseball star Mo berg. We have known for some years of Julia Child service has shown in the PBS documentary series American masters. But not until today weren't classified files made public. After Pearl Harbor ", 'quote her drive and inherent triple -- That sounds just like the Julia Child we saw -- later on TV. John Cochran ABC news Washington. ', "Wouldn't try it let me know if it works. Good Morning America this is  Julia child  and remember enough warm up fifty. At that last of glasses that your our. We've got our one as well apparently truly nice in the world.  Julia Child .", 'it let me know if it works. Good Morning America this is Julia child and -- -- remember enough warm up fifty. At that last -- of glasses that your beverage Julie was it flooded with ']