['the best" by actor-director Sean Penn and now the Aussie beauty is starring in an edgy thriller from director  David Cronenberg  called "Eastern Promises." Watts said she enjoyed working with Cronenberg and co-star Viggo Mortensen. "I ', 'It\'s really a nice dance that you have with a person like that who is that talented. "But you need a director like  David Cronenberg , who takes care of those little hesitations, those little smiles she gives," Mortensen continued. "A lot of ', 'forces again with "A History of Violence" director  David Cronenberg  for this new movie, which came in at No. 5 in the few hours at least." For the full interview with  David Cronenberg  and Viggo Mortensen tune in to "Popcorn," which ', 'Long Shot: Maria Bello, "A History of Violence" Best Director George Clooney, "Good Night, and Good Luck"  David Cronenberg , "A History of Violence" Paul Haggis, "Crash" Ang Lee, "Brokeback Mountain" Steven Spielberg, "Munich ', 'Thunder fell victim to the pre-strike filming deadline. Brosnan had already turned down the Basic sequel when  David Cronenberg  was attached to direct, but he may reconsider for McTiernan.', 'Thunder fell victim to the pre-strike filming deadline. Brosnan had already turned down the Basic sequel when  David Cronenberg  was attached to direct, but he may reconsider for McTiernan.', 'Thunder fell victim to the pre-strike filming deadline. Brosnan had already turned down the Basic sequel when  David Cronenberg  was attached to direct, but he may reconsider for McTiernan.', 'Thunder fell victim to the pre-strike filming deadline. Brosnan had already turned down the Basic sequel when  David Cronenberg  was attached to direct, but he may reconsider for McTiernan.', "Daily News, Stone has persuaded director John McTiernan (Die Hard) to replace cutting-edge Canadian filmmaker  David Cronenberg , who recently left the troubled project. That's not all the blond actress has apparently also inked 13 Days star ", "Daily News, Stone has persuaded director John McTiernan (Die Hard) to replace cutting-edge Canadian filmmaker  David Cronenberg , who recently left the troubled project. That's not all the blond actress has apparently also inked 13 Days star ", "Daily News, Stone has persuaded director John McTiernan (Die Hard) to replace cutting-edge Canadian filmmaker  David Cronenberg , who recently left the troubled project. That's not all the blond actress has apparently also inked 13 Days star ", 'training for the movie. She\'s excited about it and ready to start filming." In November, edgy Canadian filmmaker  David Cronenberg  signed on to lens the sequel. He declined to comment on the film\'s status. Though Stone signed on to the project ', 'training for the movie. She\'s excited about it and ready to start filming." In November, edgy Canadian filmmaker  David Cronenberg  signed on to lens the sequel. He declined to comment on the film\'s status. Though Stone signed on to the project ']