["ten fifteen years ago but here is on television no wonder it's that It's such a magic time for this medium right now and it is costar Matt Damon nominated as well after that  Steven Soderbergh  film I'm the candelabra thanks so much", "and it is costar Matt Damon nominated as well -- after that Steven Soderbergh film I'm the candelabra thanks so much -- ", "Making a huge debut last year in the girl with the dragon tattoo and got an Oscar nomination. But inside directed by  Steven Soderbergh  and legitimately his last feature found. She somebody we don't know who she is she's got secrets all kinds of ", "dragon tattoo and got an Oscar nomination. But inside -- directed by Steven Soderbergh and legitimately his last feature found. She -- somebody we don't know who she is she's got secrets all kinds of things ", "there right now called side effects. Directed by  Steven Soderbergh  and starring these two people more in front of me this instance with this case he can't quite figure  Steven Soderbergh  has decided that this will be the last film he won't ", 'a great happening out there right now called side effects. Directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring these two people more in front of me right now as patient -- -- And -- -- Law. Are well ', "But -- this instance with this case he can't quite figure -- Steven Soderbergh has decided that this will be the last film he won't make perhaps forever I'm hoping that some major life. And what ", 'rhinestones. A superstar, known for roles in "fatal attraction" and "basic instinct." And now, playing liberace.  Steven soderbergh  came to you about ten years ago. 2000, when we were doing "traffic." And halfway through the movie, he said ', 'for roles in "fatal attraction" and "basic instinct." And now, playing liberace. Steven soderbergh came to you about ten years ago. 2000, when we were doing "traffic." And halfway through the movie, he said, have you ', 'cinematic giant, "magic mike 2" is, in fact, being wring, people, as we speak according to the original director,  steven soderbergh . Even though he\'s retiring from directing he\'s very much involved in the sequel because and I can relate to ', 'fact, being wring, people, as we speak according to the original director, steven soderbergh . Even though he\'s retiring from directing he\'s very much involved in the sequel because and I can relate to this "magic mike" ', 'MMA star Gina Carano on her acting debut in  Steven Soderbergh\'s  movie "Haywire."', "questions in this movie. But behind the scenes, you had a fabulous time together. We did. We were in the hands of  steven soderbergh . He is a great filmmaker. And he believes in the workplace being a fun place. It's a great group of people ", "a fabulous time together. We did. We were in the hands of steven soderbergh . He is a great filmmaker. And he believes in the workplace being a fun place. It's a great group of people. Channing ", "career. are skyrocketing. I didn't elemental level yeah have been so much fun to work with both of them. What  Steven Soderbergh  directed who's one of my all time favorite directors. We had we laughed. Every day. We all looked completely ", "have been so much fun to work with both of them. What Steven Soderbergh directed -- who's one of my all time favorite directors. We had -- we laughed. Every day. We all looked completely like ", "myself. If it were to happen I believe be able to look at India. Feel wonderful because it could you could have with  Steven Soderbergh . I don't could because he keeps control over what. Doing in a movie but that could have been camping instead ", "look at India. Feel wonderful because it could you could have with Steven Soderbergh . I don't -- could because he keeps control over what. Doing in a movie but that could have been camping -- instead ", "white. So it was allowance varies. I don't did. Beat them it would be nice for. People to remember to To see.  Steven soderbergh 's. My first. again aside general office. When the last. Fifty or left question what don't we know. What's ", "it would be nice for. People to remember to -- To see. Steven soderbergh's . My first. -- again aside -- general office. When the last. Fifty or -- left question what don't we know. What's the ", "something it's a sheep in wolf's clothing and a clothing a bomb. You know what's so there's that could be  Steven Soderbergh  movie doesn't end with a big production number it's like it in. set in this world so while the mostly futile ", "a bomb. You know what's so there's that could be -- -- Steven Soderbergh movie doesn't end with a big production number it's like it in. -- set in this world so while the mostly futile ", "addressed to share these racy will continue at this time on the great white way. The film's Oscar winning director  Steven Soderbergh  and leading Channing Tatum are magic Mike the musical expected to take Broadway summer at 2013. More proof the industry ", "this time on the great white way. The film's Oscar winning director Steven Soderbergh and leading -- Channing Tatum are -- magic Mike the musical expected to take Broadway summer at 2013. More proof the industry ", "insults at each other and one woman was knocked unconscious. And we close the webcast with a double feature in the new  Steven soderbergh 's two part movie have a review in just a couple minutes but first Rolling Stone film critic Peter sat down. With ", "And we close the webcast with a double feature in the new Steven soderbergh's two part movie -- have a review in just a couple minutes but first Rolling Stone film critic Peter -- sat down. ", "US to wrangle this who crippled. Producer Jerry great to talk to this morning good morning. He didn't give a  Steven Soderbergh  the director said what's that it's. Half directing a movie you have dealing with a kindergarten class you all ", "this morning good morning. -- -- -- -- He didn't give a Steven Soderbergh the director said what's that it's. Half directing a movie you have dealing with a kindergarten class you all just sounded like ", "made for the audience the second for you guys this one for both. I think that's right I think You know the in us  Steven soderbergh 's while we were making it was that was the one she's the poster should say ocean's thirteen the one they made ", "think that's right I think -- You know the -- in us Steven soderbergh's -- while we were making it was that was the one she's the poster should say ocean's thirteen the one they -- "]