["to add years to your dog's life is by brushing their teeth daily. If you don't -- it can lead to significant  kidney disease , heart failure. Reporter: Adding it all up they saved $1,630 this year. That's a lot of doggy money. Really ", "their teeth daily. If you don't -- it can lead to significant kidney disease , heart failure. Reporter: Adding it all up they saved $1,630 this year. That's a lot of doggy money. Really it can add ", 'Department told ABCNews.com affiliate KGO-TV. "Call us. Get them picked up." Man Dies From Rabies After Receiving Tainted  Kidney . According to the Centers for Disease Control, rabies, if left untreated, can develop into a fatal disease with symptoms ', 'preventative care is huge," Hanson said. "If you do not take care of your dog\'s teeth, it can lead to significant  kidney disease , significant heart failure." Using all these tips, the Seversons could cut their monthly pet spending from $6 ', 'teeth removed. Same things everyone else has had." Covert said that those big surgeries and illnesses, including  kidney stones , were tough days, but there wasn\'t ever a day where he didn\'t want to get his shoes on and get out and run ', 'imagine when you go to a hospital and you see a child without a leg ... and then you see the brother lying on the bed who lost a  kidney , who lost a pancreas and the mother is sitting near. Those are the realities that you see," Zerrougui said at a news conference ', "donated to four patients, including a  kidney  recipient who died of rabies, had at tests confirmed his rabies-infected  kidney  caused the recipient's disease. It during an investigation prompted by the  kidney  recipient's death in February, lab ", "from rabies after receiving a  kidney  from an infected donor is the how CDC scientists traced the  kidney  recipient's death to the report. His heart, liver and  kidneys  were transplanted into four later, after the death of the  kidney  recipient, post-mortem testing ", 'buy such unapproved products could put off getting legitimate medical care, which could exacerbate heart disease,  kidney failure  and other deadly complications. The FDA sent warning letters to 15 companies, both in the U.S. and abroad, ordering ', "therapy, which serves patients suffering from acute  kidney failure . The Commission, the 28-nation bloc's antitrust makes dialysis products for patients with acute or  chronic kidney disease  and it has annual sales of about $1.6 billion ", 'accumulate data about urination patterns and then use that data to spot urinary tract infections, dehydration or developing  kidney  problems. The app will fire off an alert if something peculiar is found. "This is about health monitoring, not understanding ', '0157:H7 infection and hemolytic uremic syndrome, a condition that predominantly children and leads to anemia and  kidney failure , according to the complaint. "Gage LeFevers received intensive medical treatment including dialysis over the next ', 'such as payment for living  kidney  donations or preferred treatment the United States, selling a  kidney  is legal in Iran and has been keep up with its demand for  kidneys , but the vast majority of problems from selling their  kidneys , Mone said, citing a recent ', "to add years to your dog's life is by brushing their teeth daily. If you don't -- it can lead to significant  kidney disease , heart failure. Reporter: Adding it all up they saved $1,630 this year. That's a lot of doggy money. Really ", "their teeth daily. If you don't -- it can lead to significant kidney disease , heart failure. Reporter: Adding it all up they saved $1,630 this year. That's a lot of doggy money. Really it can add ", 'Or people with  chronic kidney disease  managing other cardiovascular cardiovascular disease in  chronic kidney disease  patients. Now there are some lowered in dose because of the  kidney failure . Or other drugs might need ', "Or people with chronic kidney disease managing other cardiovascular. Risk factors that can lead to coronary heart disease. Is important. So continuation. Of medications such as cholesterol lowering medications. It's critical to reducing their risk of cardiovascular disease in chronic kidney disease patients. Now there are some special considerations. That we need to to think about. In particular. Some drugs while effective. May need to be -- lowered in dose because of the kidney failure . Or other drugs might need to be substituted because of improve safety profiles. ", 'In general patients with  chronic kidney disease  have about the same blood pressure And that is in the patient with  chronic kidney disease  and diabetes. Patients who also slowing. In the progression of the  chronic kidney disease .', "In general patients with chronic kidney disease have about the same blood pressure lowering goal as as other folks with high blood pressure. -- there is one circumstance however in which we aim for a lower or more aggressive target blood pressure. And that is in the patient with chronic kidney disease and diabetes. Patients who also have diabetes. Have a lower blood pressure target. And it's been demonstrated that achieving this lower blood pressure target can result in slowing. In the progression of the chronic kidney disease . ", 'Patients who have  chronic kidney disease  are at increased risk. 44  kidney  damage related to invasive procedures. Such as coronary disease  more substantially so in those with severe  chronic kidney disease .', 'Patients who have chronic kidney disease are at increased risk. 44 kidney damage related to invasive procedures. Such as coronary injured since that that require the administration. Intravenous contrast material commonly called -- In this case their likelihood of requiring dialysis is increased. But only slightly so in patients with mild to moderate kidney disease more substantially so in those with severe chronic kidney disease . ', 'may also help reduce the risk of  kidney stones . The  kidney  stone is a solid with and without a history of  kidney stones  were involved in the study. And Researchers say the lower rate of  kidney stones  could be due to the higher water ', "that the combination of foods may also help reduce the risk of kidney stones . The kidney stone is a solid mass made up of tiny crystals and while they are relatively common they are also usually very painful. More than 3400 people with and without a history of kidney stones were involved in the study. And researchers analyzed urine samples of the study participants. Despite drinking similar amounts of liquid people who followed a dash style diet urinate and more than those participants who did not follow the -- They seemed also to have higher concentrations of -- tree. And important salt that prevents calcium stones. Researchers say the lower rate of kidney stones could be due to the higher water content in -- -- -- With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. ", 'in patients with  chronic kidney disease . The good news is are cleared by the  kidneys  while others are in patients with  chronic kidney disease . And even some of dosage for use in  chronic kidney disease  patients.', 'There are certain cholesterol lowering medications that are safer in patients with chronic kidney disease . The good news is that all of the drugs retain merit their effectiveness. But some drugs are safer than others in particular because some of these drugs are cleared by the kidneys while others are not. So certain of its patents are preferred in patients with chronic kidney disease . And even some of the older cholesterol lowering medications such as -- -- Need to be adjusted in their dosage for use in chronic kidney disease patients. ', "or so we've learned that  chronic kidney disease  is a very important risk two when patients. Have  chronic kidney disease  there are more likely to other complications. So  chronic kidney disease  is actually emerged as one ", "Over the last five years or so we've learned that chronic kidney disease is a very important risk factor first to develop. Atherosclerosis. That is blockages in the arteries of the heart and other vascular systems -- -- blood vessels in body. And two when patients. Have chronic kidney disease there are more likely to have heart attacks and yet after a heart attack they are more likely to die -- other complications. So chronic kidney disease is actually emerged as one of the most powerful risk factors for patients do poorly in terms of developing coronary artery disease. Having heart attacks and then having -- poor prognosis after the heart attack. Patients with chronic kidney disease must be managed very very carefully they require of course if severe dialysis. Other risk factors. Are more common in patients with chronic kidney disease such as diabetes high blood pressure. And it can be more difficult to control diabetes high blood pressure in patients with chronic kidney disease that can contribute to the worst outcome. In patients who do develop heart disease so these are very special patients we've learned "]