["Anders Breivik posted a 1,500-page manifesto online Friday that detailed his violent plans for starting a revolution to end multiculturalism. NBC's Martin Fletcher reports. ", " today as a nation shocked and saddened by Friday's bombing and shooting massacre searched for comfort on a day of mourning. The death toll stands at 93, most of them kids, teenagers, trapped on a tiny island that a gunman turned into his personal killing ground. Rarely do we get into the mind of a confessed mass killer so soon after such a horror; tonight, however, the man who police say admits to the attacks is talking. But sadly, his words may only add further trauma to a hurting nation. ", '. A chilling, racist picture of the confessed killer is emerging from his own writings. He wrote that he wanted to bring about a revolution that would end the centuries old Muslim colonization of ', " victims, including about 80 teenagers, sacrificed to one man's obsession to transform society. His weapon: mass killing. Charged with terrorism, tomorrow ", ' will be arraigned in court. His lawyer said he wants to explain, but he already laid it all out on the ', '-page manifesto, which he says took him years to write, with chunks of it lifted from writings by the ', '. In the very first sentence, he wrote, "It is better to kill too many than not enough." Later, "We do not want to do this, but we\'re left with no choice." And finally, "I believe this will be my last entry. It is now Friday, ', "To my mom, I said there's a shooting on the island. I don't -- I don't know what's going on. ", " love you. I think I said, I don't know if I will see you again, but at least I love you.", 'The search continued today for bodies, little hope that any of the missing will be found alive. Police also searching the island for signs of a possible second shooter.', "He said -- says that he was acting alone, but we have to make sure that that's true.", 'He believes in a revolution. And he believes that the only way he can make revolution is through violence.', "Well, it's difficult to understand, of course, but in his head, he takes pride in this. Yes.", ', to end European attempts to have different peoples live side-by-side, what they call multiculturalism. Growing numbers across ', ' is born of a non-Western parentage. That is a lot of change in a relatively small number of years.', ' is the second religion now. Most Muslims are recent immigrants and happy to be here.', ' called his manifesto a European declaration of independence. He wrote that the massacre would serve as a tool to market his manifesto, a confessed killer with a message. ']