["President Obama discusses administration's response to shootings in Newtown, Conn.", "in newtown, connecticut.  Vice president biden  squared off with the powerful happened. Reporter: On the day  vice president biden  met with the national rifle democrats, too. Just listen to  joe biden  in 2008. Barack obama ain't ", "majority of congress. It's enough to intimidate democrats, too. Just listen to joe biden in 2008. Barack obama ain't taking my shotgun, so, don't buy that. Reporter: Recent polls suggest an opening for some gun control. ", 'Vice President Joe Biden  speaks to families at a memorial service in Shanksville, Pennsylvania.', "Vice President Joe Biden  Discusses President Obama's Jobs Plan, 9/11 Terror Plot", "Let's turn right to  Vice President Biden  joins us from Washington this morning thank you for joining us I wanna get to the president's jobs plan the first. This new ", "Let's turn right to Vice President Biden joins us from Washington this morning thank you for joining us I wanna get to the president's jobs plan the first. This ", "back in the If anybody doesn't recognize him that of course being Jason Sudeikis he is known for his impersonation.  Vice President Biden  on half an he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted to leave but Lorne Michaels convinced him to stay because of the ", 'that of course being Jason Sudeikis he is known for his impersonation. Vice President Biden on half an -- he. Went on to say that. Here he wanted to leave but Lorne Michaels convinced him to stay ', "back. The auto industry came back with federal help that  Vice President Biden  says we don't know yet. How the federal government can going in their do you think the prospect of Hillary Clinton  Joseph Biden  right behind squash is all of the all wannabes on the democratic ", "will come back. The auto industry came back with federal help that Vice President Biden says we don't know yet. How the federal government can help -- I know you've been in contact with -- White House ", "Thanks let's get more on this now from the vice president IC's  Joseph Biden  good morning mr. vice president. Good morning Well you were sitting on a pretty happy secret last night during that State of ", "let's get more on this now from the vice president -- IC's Joseph Biden good morning mr. vice president. Good morning -- Well you -- were sitting on a pretty happy secret last night during that ", 'were pulled out during the fighting season and some of them saw that as a political as a political move. So can you tell  Vice President Biden  what was the military reason for bringing those search troops home. region and bring out by the way when the president ', 'as a political as a political move. So can you tell -- Vice President Biden what was the military reason for bringing those search troops home. -- -- region and bring out by the way when the ', "and the vice president.  Vice president biden  trying to defend what he bouncing on comments made by  vice president joe biden . Biden was criticizing romney's little bit lower. Reporter:  Vice president biden  is now trying to explain ", "from mitt romney, aimed directly at the president and the vice president. Vice president biden trying to defend what he said in the last 24 hours. And the president himself, well, he's talking about mitt romney's dog. Not once, not twice, but three times. This is what an angry and desperate presidency looks like. Reporter: Mitt romney came out swinging overnight, bouncing on comments made by vice president joe biden . Biden was criticizing romney's promise to loosen regulations on the big banks in wall street. He's going to let the big banks, ", "president. You know vice president  Joseph Biden  learned the hard You may have a microphone a peace deal right. Beat the war as  Joseph Biden  in the already made T declare. Good we'll see it now He says thank god for  Joseph Biden . I like how I felt like I've heard ", 'it but if -- politician and as president. You know vice president Joseph Biden learned the hard -- You may have a microphone around to check it out. With eight shows 3598. But -- -- -- ', "mother hated it is a peace deal right. Beat the war as Joseph Biden in the already made T -- declare. Good Morning America John Berman ABC news. I'll just have you know that I'm taking ", "out -- -- we'll see it now He says thank god for Joseph Biden . -- -- -- I like how I felt like I've heard president say great things I heard Jonathan Kenney to ask not what your country can do for you. But we you can do for your country and in the Ronald Reagan saying mr. Gorbachev. Terror down this wall. On this historic day about -- -- would Joseph Biden said to our president this is real we have we have -- -- He said it to an open take a listen. ", "worldwide, and our people will fight for this, and we will come back. The auto industry came back with federal help. But  vice president biden  says we don't know how the federal government can help. I know you have been in contact with white house and administration ", "will come back. The auto industry came back with federal help. But vice president biden says we don't know how the federal government can help. I know you have been in contact with white house and administration ", 'The vice president has assets we bless this occasion with prayer. And so let us pray. The prophet Micah it proclaims. You have been told moral what is good. And what the lord requires have you. Only to do justice and to goodness. walk humbly with your god. Gracious god at this moment in our history', 'Mr. vice president please raise your right hand and repeat after me. Joseph. Support and defend the constitution of the United States against all enemies foreign and amassed against all enemies foreign and domestic. That it will bear true faith and allegiance to the same old bear true faith and', "Senator ted cruz --  vice president joe biden . Senator ted cruz getting ready.  Vice president joe biden 's in town. You hillary clinton and  joe biden . They both might hillary clinton or  vice president biden ? I don't think ", "was the epicenter of politics. You had a showdown across town. Senator joe biden for the democrats. Senator ted cruz -- vice president joe biden . Senator ted cruz for the republicans. Take a look. As soon as I show up in south carolina, there will be washington press coming down, saying biden's getting ready. Vice president joe biden's in town. You don't even need a punch line. You just say that and people laugh. Where are these guys from? Where ", "to that believes we could see a face-off between hillary clinton and joe biden . They both might run. I think joe biden would not defer. I think he would run. Hillary clinton would be formidable. No question about it. But I've known biden over ", "Americans minds wanna read your quote from a offers new book. At the conclusion of an interview and as western office  Vice President Biden  was adamant in July 2011. You're gonna see a whole lot of people moving out bet on it. Biden said as he wheeled to ", "new book. At the conclusion of an interview and as western office Vice President Biden was adamant in July 2011. You're gonna see a whole lot of people moving out bet on it. Biden said as he ", "Homeland Security officials here in the US are working overtime to. I spoke  Vice President Biden  earlier today He told me that today's attacks didn't seem to be the work of Islamic militants. offer some reassurance to Americans ", "here in the US are working overtime to. -- I spoke -- Vice President Biden earlier today He told me that today's attacks didn't seem to be the work of Islamic militants. -- offer some reassurance to ", 'On right now. Their respects to nineteen fallen firefighters who lost their lives from the the wildfire. Vice president  Joseph Biden  foods at the podium offering his respect. To reduce Our heart goes out to you in the People Christians and people of Arizona ', 'who lost their lives -- from the -- the wildfire. Vice president Joseph Biden foods at the podium offering his respect. To reduce -- -- Our heart goes out to you in the -- -- People ', "Action now on gun control that was vice president  Joseph Biden 's message this afternoon when he spoke to a crowd that included each some of the sandy hook shooting victims families. How are ", "Action now on gun control that was vice president Joseph Biden's message this afternoon when he spoke to a crowd that included each some of the sandy hook shooting victims families. How are ", "I will not speak more about this today I had planned on speaking more about. But it's much more appropriate that we always the president will deliver his. Statement on this in about about an hour. But what is stake in Egypt and across the Middle East is not just about Egypt alone. It's not it will"]