["With Manti Te'o plus a new coach and general manager, the San Diego Chargers' training camp will have a definite theme: The Rookies.Coach Mike McCoy, hired away from his job as offensive coordinator as the division rival Denver Broncos, opens his first camp with the Bolts with a roster revamped by new GM Tom Telesco, hired away from the Indianapolis Colts.The pair of 40-year-olds inherited a team that went 7-9 and missed the playoffs for the third straight season. Fans can no longer moan about Norv Turner and A.J. Smith, the coach and GM who were fired the day after the 2012 season ended.The Chargers will get plenty of attention after moving up in the second round to draft Te'o, the former Notre Dame linebacker who was duped by a hoax involving a fake girlfriend.Five things to know as the Chargers prepare to open training camp with their first practice Thursday in San Diego.___1. TE'O TIME: Te'o is the most intriguing player on the Chargers' roster. While fans are buying lots of No. 50...", "San Diego Chargers strong safety Steve Gregory was suspended by the NFL for four games without pay on Monday for violating the league's policy on performance-enhanci...", "At least Norv Turner and the San Diego Chargers are consistent.Despite having the NFL's top-ranked offense and second-ranked defense, the Chargers are 2-3 under Turn...", "Chargers left tackle Marcus McNeill has the long-term deal he sought all along.McNeill agreed Wednesday to a five-year contract extension through 2015. It's believed...", 'Turner expects to be fired since Bolts will miss playoffs for 3rd straight season', "It's decision time for Dean Spanos, the president of the San Diego Chargers.Norv Turner already is a step ahead of Spanos. The coach thinks he's going to be fired Mo...", 'There was some thought in NFL circles that "Black Monday" would be a little less cruel this time around.The end-game was still expected to be far worse than usual wi...', 'The San Diego Chargers have hired Tom Telesco from the Indianapolis Colts to replace fired general manager A.J. Smith.Telesco is to be introduced at an afternoon new...', 'The San Diego Chargers fired head coach Norv Turner and general manager A.J. Smith on Monday.The 60-year-old Turner, who was hired in 2007, produced a 56-40 record o...', "Andy Reid is the winningest coach in the history of the Philadelphia Eagles. Lovie Smith led the Chicago Bears to the 2007 Super Bowl.Now they're looking for work.Se...", 'Chargers begin interviewing candidates to replace fired GM Smith; Raye believed to be 1st up', "Consultant Ron Wolf says the San Diego Chargers began interviewing candidates on Tuesday to replace fired general manager A.J. Smith.The Chargers aren't giving speci...", "Chargers coach Norv Turner won't rule out being an offensive coordinator again if fired", "Norv Turner isn't ruling out taking a job as an offensive coordinator for another NFL team if he is fired as coach of the San Diego Chargers after this season.With t...", 'Norv Turner knows the end is likely near for him with the San Diego Chargers.General manager A.J. Smith might be out soon, too.There are two games left to play befor...', 'The San Diego Chargers have fired general manager A.J. Smith and coach Norv Turner after missing the playoffs for the third straight season.Coming after a season of ...', 'Redskins announce hiring of former Chargers GM A.J . Smith  as a senior executive', 'The Washington Redskins have announced that A.J. Smith has joined the team as a senior executive.Smith spent nine years as general manager of the San Diego Chargers ...', 'Philip Rivers really did have to do some homework before the opening practice of the first minicamp under new San Diego Chargers coach Mike McCoy."I was nervous toda...', 'The Washington Redskins announced on Wednesday that the team has added former San Diego Chargers general manager A.J. Smith to its front office staff.Smith will hold...', "Tom Telesco made it clear that the San Diego Chargers won't be making a big splash during free agency.The Chargers have plenty of work to do after missing the playof...", "The San Diego Chargers announced on Tuesday that head coach Norv Turner and general manager A.J. Smith will return for the 2012 season.Turner's status seemed to be i..."]