['A  dust storm  temporarily grounded some flights out of Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and knocked out electricity to about 2,000 customers ', 'A  dust storm  temporarily grounded some flights out of Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and knocked out electricity to about 2,000 customers ', 'A  dust storm  temporarily grounded some flights out of Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and knocked out electricity to about 2,000 customers ', 'A  dust storm  temporarily grounded some flights out of Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and knocked out electricity to about 2,000 customers ', "and be competitive in one of the biggest sumo arenas. Wrestling under the name Osunaarashi, which translates as 'Great  Sandstorm ,' the 21-year-old Abdelrahman Ahmed Shalan is the first professional sumo wrestler from the African continent. Being ", 'in the high heat of the Southwest likely created the perfect  storm  that trapped and killed 19 experienced firefighters in Yarnell weather phenomenon that brings lightning strikes, gusty winds,  dust storms  and sometimes rain to the state during the summer months ', 'the crowd, while Clinton was hours late due to a lightning  storm . http://abcn.ws/11og3XR SUPER PAC WARS: FORMER ROMNEY TWEETING? @MarkLandler : As Obama visits biblical Bethlehem, a  sandstorm  disrupts his travel plans. Sky over Amman darkening as well ', 'Navy SEALs are seen fighting through a  dust storm  in the new thriller directed by Kathryn Bigelow, "Zero Dark Thirty." (Columbia Pictures/AP Photo) There\'s only one White ', "Dera'a, cradle of the revolution and a place Alex visited several months ago. Alex also reports conditions hampered by  dust storms  that have coated tents and supplies - they've shot the dust swirling in the camps. The Syrian regime has pledged to allow ", 'to lean out over the house, threatening to fall on it in a  storm . "It means autumn\'s coming," she answered as she continued fields of cracked earth, pictures of immense advancing walls of  dust storms  revisiting the sites of the 1930s "Dust Bowl," pictures ', 'for Curiosity\'s landing site calls for clear skies now but  dust storms  in the not-so-distant future. "We are expecting a clear dust devils form, and why do some dust devils evolve into  dust storms  that swallow the whole planet, and others don\'t," De ', 'winds from a " haboob ," or  dust storm , quickly moved phenomenon, said the  dust storm  engulfed cars the season\'s  dust storms  had been the most specific  dust storm  being seen here in the summer [a  haboob ] and a regular ', "a look. A massive  dust storm  blanketing a major It's known as a  haboob , a freak desert  dust storm . It happens almost fall down and then the  storm  just falls apart. Reporter: As the  haboob  moves through, it's ", 'in the blast, covering their mouths and noses. It\'s known as a haboob , a freak desert dust storm . It happens almost every summer in the southwest. Killing five people a year. A very, very dry dust and hits with the wind and it just gets pushed. Reporter: It went from open land to city terrain, it met its match. It starts to fall down and then the storm just falls apart. Reporter: As the haboob moves through, it\'s followed by rain and flash floods, turning much of the dust to mud. And still ahead here on "world ', "tornados. We've also seen what is being called a biblical  dust storm  with the roar of a freight train engulfing cars on the is how some drivers described it because of a sudden  sand storm . Only off the dust cleared did the damage become visible ", "winds, possible tornados. We've also seen what is being called a biblical dust storm with the roar of a freight train engulfing cars on the road. Here's david wright. Reporter: This was the view from the driver's seat in nevada yesterday, apom lip tick is how some drivers described it because of a sudden sand storm . Only off the dust cleared did the damage become visible, 27 vehicles piled up on interstate 80 and one truck driver dead. ", "caught video of the day you're looking at a massive  sand storm  that blew through parts of the state. The National Weather Service said  dust storm  and heed warnings were in effect throughout much of the ", "our -- caught video of the day you're looking at a massive sand storm that blew through parts of the state. The National Weather Service said dust storm and heed warnings were in effect throughout much of the Phoenix metropolitan area yesterday. Forecasters warned of low visibility hazardous driving conditions ", 'Reporter: The giant  dust storm  that blanket phoenix late and dust is known as a  haboob . From the arabic word time. Reporter: The  dust storm  was just the leading edge roads. The bad news,  dust storm , or  haboob  season lasts ', 'own safety. This wall of sand and dust is known as a haboob . From the arabic word for wind. When it happens conditions have to be just right. A small, but intense downdraft is pushed forward by the front of a thunderstorm, picking up dust and debris as it blows in. When you see them, your visibility can go from unlimited down to zero in a very short period of time. Reporter: The dust storm was just the leading edge of a very bad 24 hours in phoenix. It was cleared away by a burst of sudden, heavy rain, a downpour that quickly flooded streets, paralyzing the city for much of today. The good news tonight, waters are already receding on some flooded roads. The bad news, dust storm , or haboob season lasts another three weeks. Neal karlinsky, abc news, seattle. ', "dust storm  that engulfed phoenix this Reporter: Another blinding  dust storm  rolled through the phoenix The more I looked at the  dust storm  and I realize, it's massively like you may have seen more  dust storms  recently and one of the ", "dust storm that engulfed phoenix this weekend. Tonight, ginger zee takes us inside the storm . It's totally dark out. Reporter: Swallowing cities whole. From blue to brown in seconds. Wow. Oh, shoot, that is scary. Reporter: Another blinding dust storm rolled through the phoenix area this weekend. Yeah, I'm surrounded by it. You see blue, blue, blue, bad, bad. Reporter: It's a monstrous swirl of dust. We have seen it from afar. What is it like inside? It got really, really dark really, really fast. The more I looked at the dust storm and I realize, it's massively huge. Reporter: Trapped inside a difficult. Highways come to an absolute halt. The it's moving wall of dust and debris can be miles long. When thunderstorms begin to die out and collapse, rain-cooled air rushes to ground. And that kicks up dust and sends it rolling. May seem like you may have seen more dust storms recently and one of the reasons is extreme heat. Phoenix is under heat warnings this week, 110 and above. That is extra ", "this country you are looking at a  dust storm  bearing down on a small town in Arizona it's like to be caught inside a  dust storm . In a matter of minutes the bright southwest is seeing its most intense  dust storms  also known as the booms since the ", "and drought this summer and this country you are looking at a dust storm bearing down on a small town in Arizona. A church in -- in minutes. ABC's Ryan Owens tells us why this is happening with increasing intensity. And where. Looks like a tornado this is what it's like to be caught inside a dust storm . In a matter of minutes the bright sky near Phoenix Arizona turns red. People run inside a church for shelter as howling winds blow downed trees and shatter windows. The cars in this parking lot seemed to vanish. Experts say the southwest is seeing its most intense dust storms also known as the booms since the adults -- of the 1930s. They're just the latest example of this country's extreme weather. ", "First, let's get to the weather. High winds and huge  dust storms  are causing chaos across the midwest. Abc's ginger zee is in for sam this morning and has the latest on the storms. Good morning ", "First, let's get to the weather. High winds and huge dust storms are causing chaos across the midwest. Abc's ginger zee is in for sam this morning and has the latest on the storms. "]