["Trayvon Martin's parents, Tracy Martin, left, and Sybrina Fulton, attend a vigil in New York on February 26, 2013, marking the one-year anniversary of their son's death. George Zimmerman is on trial for killing the 17-year-old in Sanford, Florida. Since Trayvon's death, protesters have worn hoodies in solidarity against racial profiling.", 'Turkish riot police spray a woman in Taksim Square with pepper spray on May 28, 2013. The woman in a red dress became an icon of the violent protests in Turkey, making international headlines and spreading across social media.', 'Men in Bangalore, India, wear skirts on January 12, 2013, during a demonstration against the rape and sexual abuse of women.', 'William Temple dresses in colonial attire reminiscent of the 18th-century revolutionary era at the Tea Party Unity Rally ahead of the Republican National Convention in Tampa on August 26, 2012.', 'Supporters of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot wear masks and tape their mouths during a protest in front of the Russian embassy in Warsaw on August 17, 2012. The colorful ski masks were popularized by the feminist rockers.', 'PETA "lettuce ladies" and a "banana boy" prepare to serve vegan hotdogs to passers-by in Washington on July 11, 2012. Not afraid of showing a bit of skin, the animal rights organization is known for using controversial tactics to bring attention to its causes.', 'An Occupy protester wears a Guy Fawkes mask during a May Day demonstration on May 1, 2012, in Oakland, California. The mask has become a symbol of the Occupy movement.', 'Bra-clad women confront a police officer in Kampala, Uganda, on April 23, 2012. The demonstration was held to protest the alleged sexual assault of a high-profile female opposition politician by a police officer during her arrest. Six women were arrested after they refused to put their shirts on. ', 'Egyptian army soldiers beat a young woman during a protest at Tahrir Square in Cairo on December 17, 2011. The shocking image of the "blue bra girl" became a symbol of the oppression and a rallying cry for several thousand Egyptian women.', "Yemeni women defiantly burn their traditional veils in Sanaa on October 26, 2011, in protest of President Ali Abdullah Saleh's crackdown on anti-government protesters.", 'Women take part in a "SlutWalk" protest in central London on June 11, 2011. The global phenomenon was sparked by comments from a Canadian police official who said "women should avoid dressing like sluts in order not to be victimized."', "Members of the Gulabi Gang participate in a protest in New Delhi on September 17, 2009. The social justice and women's rights group is known for donning pink saris.", 'Also claiming the color pink, members of Code Pink often stand out in Washington. The group, a women-initiated peace activism organization, is seen here as Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner prepares to testify at a congressional hearing on April 21, 2009. ', "Supporters of Iranian presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi shout slogans during a street campaign rally at Azadi Square in Tehran on June 10, 2009. The color green became a symbol of solidarity in the protests that followed the country's 2009 elections.", 'Girls attend a gay pride celebration in San Francisco on June 29, 2008. The colors of the rainbow flag are often used to represent LGBT identity and solidarity.', 'A man looks at blue jeans with messages challenging misconceptions about sexual violence at the University of California Los Angeles on April 21, 2004. Since 1999, wearing jeans on Denim Day became a symbol of protest in response to an Italian Supreme Court decision that overturned a rape conviction because, the justices reasoned, the victim wore tight jeans and must have helped her attacker remove her pants.', 'A young woman attends the Woodstock music festival in New York in August 1969. Headbands became a symbol of the hippie movement, known for its anti-establishment ideals and peaceful protests. Some of their fashion statements were adopted from Native Americans.', 'Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis caught national attention for a filibuster to stop an abortion bill', '(CNN) -- When Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis made headlines for a filibuster opposing an abortion bill, it was more than her speech that generated buzz. Davis donned hot pink running shoes as she attempted a 13-hour stand against a Texas bill that includes a provision to ban abortions after the 20th week of pregnancy.', "Davis' footwear joins a long line of apparel that has become symbolic of resistance, from the Trayvon Martin hoodie to Pussy Riot's balaclava face masks.", 'The shoes were designed for comfort, but Davis told CNN\'s AC360, "I underestimated how difficult it would be both physically and mentally. About two hours in, I realized I was in for a long day."', "Don't miss out on the conversation we're having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest stories and tell us what's influencing your life.", "Davis also said she didn't expect her shoes to catch national attention. Mizuno, the makers of the now-famous sneakers, told CNN they were surprised at the sudden hype surrounding the shoe, called the Wave Rider.", '"The Wave Rider is designed to give the comfort and cushioning needed whether it\'s a 5K, a marathon or 10+ hour filibuster," Mizuno spokeswoman Harper Cornell said in a statement.', "Cornell wouldn't share sales data for the $115 shoe, but the resulting attention has increased traffic to MizunoRunning.com and the Wave Rider 16 product page, she said. Daily website traffic totals nearly doubled compared to the same day last week. The shoes have garnered rave reviews on online retailer Amazon.com, too.", '"We do appreciate Ms. Davis\' choice in athletic footwear," the company\'s statement said. "However, we do not maintain a corporate position related to the topic in discussion."', "CNN Living reflects your life. From advice for modern parents to the freshest news in food: It's all here.", "A fireplace isn't just a spot to keep logs and kindling. According to decorators and design enthusiasts, it's where you put your heart on display.", 'Nathan Berrong takes us on a tasty tour of the beers that can cool off your summer.', 'Go easy on yourself, let William do his fair share and check under your fingernails! Moms dish on what the Duchess can expect with new motherhood.', 'Every wedding is unique but most planning problems are universal. Experts share insights on how to say "no" gracefully but firmly.', "Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Your choice isn't made in a vacuum under the lights of a fitting room. ", "San Diego Comic-Con is a natural space for talking about harassment in geek culture, says Carrie Goldman, moderator of the con's first anti-bullying panel."]