['Ron Sherwood was 48 when he found out he was going to be a father. The single dad has two daughters, ages 2 and 3, and says, "They are and will always be my greatest achievement." (Read his story.) Click through the gallery to see other real dads share their real-world challenges.', 'The National At-Home Dad Network is working to put an end to the use of "Mr. Mom," a label that\'s been around for at least 30 years and implies men who care for their children are doing women\'s work. Just call them dads. ', 'Full-time dad Lance Somerfeld and his son, Jake, ride the camel at the Bronx Zoo, one of their favorite places to visit. Somerfeld says "being an active, engaged, involved dad is a cool and rewarding thing to do." His own father "never changed a diaper in his life." (Read his story.)', '"When it comes to your children you learn that you will do just about anything to make them happy. If it means being silly and putting on a wig and doing my best high voice during a tea party, I will do it," says full-time dad of three Chris Bernholdt. (Read his story.) ', "Even though IT consultant Carlos Siqueira works in another state, he tries to take an active role in his 6-year-old daughter's life. That includes sleeping in her Barbie tent. (Read his story.)", 'Henry Herz\'s childhood memories of his own dad are right out of 1960s TV, "complete with him coming home from work with briefcase, sport coat, and hat" and spending his free time fixing things around the house. Herz vowed to spend more time with his children. The self-employed management consultant has written two children\'s fantasy books with his boys. (Read his story.)', 'Doctoral student and father of two Omekongo Dibinga says most dads he knows are involved parents. Yet the stereotype of the hapless dad persists. (Read his story.)', 'Full-time dad Joseph Carlson was once called Mr. Mom by a stranger in a hair salon. "I know I\'m not going to change any person\'s worldview with a 30-minute debate. I just let actions speak for themselves. They can see what my son is like from having his dad around as he grows up." (Read his story.)', 'Chase Roper, a comedy writer and full-time dad of four kids in Puyallup, Washington, poses with his daughter at a father-daughter dance. "I realized that the way I provide for my family now is by being dad. Once I embraced that, I found my groove." (Read his story.)', 'Stay-at-home fathers say they are simply doing their duty, not shooting for perfection', "Editor's note: CNN's Josh Levs covers a wide range of topics and also offers his personal take on issues affecting fathers and families. He covers fatherhood for CNN Parents and HLN's Raising America. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook.", "(CNN) -- In minutes, the world's most-watched new father sent a message about millions of dads.", 'Stepping outside the hospital with his wife, Catherine, and their newborn son, Prince William was a picture of confidence. Each parent held the baby, now known to the world as George Alexander Louis -- and they looked equally comfortable doing so.', 'To many dads, he was representing the reality that we know: The image of bumbling, clueless dads is an outdated stereotype.', "Of course, that doesn't mean we think we're picture-perfect -- a point that came up when CNN recently asked dads what it means to be a father in today's world. Some decided to use the iReport assignment as a chance to open up about their insecurities.", '"Although I know that the intent of this report is to stand up proudly and say, \'... I\'m a dad and I\'m damn good at it,\' the truth is I don\'t feel that way half the time," stay-at-home dad Chase Roper wrote from Puyallup, Washington. "Most days, if I\'m being honest, I feel like I\'m faking my way through this."', "That's how just about all parents feel sometimes: overwhelmed. Yes, that includes, I'm sure, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, even in the life they lead.", '"I am far from perfect in my role as a father," writes Lance Somerfeld, who has been a stay-at-home dad in Manhattan for five years and founded the NYC Dads Group. "I lose my temper, get impatient, too structured, don\'t do the laundry, and fail miserably, often. It\'s the most challenging job I have ever encountered as well as the most rewarding."', 'We were looking for dads\' thoughts on the 30-year anniversary of "Mr. Mom" -- a movie that made sense at the time, when a dad taking on traditionally female roles at home was so rare. And when it was more believable that he would have so much trouble figuring out how to do basics around the house.', 'Little did those behind the film know that it would ultimately stand as something of a historical demarcation. The funniest thing about the idea of "Mr. Mom" now is that it was such a funny idea in the first place.', 'Statistics tell a piece of the story. There are about 189,000 stay-at-home dads now, caring for 369,000 children, according to the U.S. Census. These are defined as married fathers with kids younger than 15 who have stayed out of the labor force for at least a year primarily to care for the family.', "A more striking figure: 18% of preschoolers are regularly cared for by their fathers during the mother's working hours.", "It's the most challenging job I have ever encountered as well as the most rewarding.Lance Somerfeld, stay-at-home dad", 'As these numbers keep growing, the perception that child-rearing and homemaking are "women\'s work" that dads sometimes do becomes increasingly anachronistic.', '"1983 was Mr. Mom\'s Year. It\'s 2013. Just call me dad," Chris Bernholdt, stay-at-home father in Devon, Pennsylvania, writes on his blog, "DadNCharge."', 'The National At-Home Dad Network, which provides support and advocacy to its members, has even launched a campaign to banish the term, citing a Wall Street Journal declaration: "Mr. Mom is dead."', 'Many people who use the term certainly mean no harm. But for some dads, getting past the term is an important way to end the mindset that suggests their work at home is any less "manly" than bringing home a paycheck.', '"I was called \'Mr. Mom\' by a random guy at my wife\'s hair salon," says Joseph Carlson, full-time dad of a 14-month-old boy in San Diego. "He said, \'You can\'t play Mr. Mom too long.\' I was pretty stunned."', 'And a female relative asked Carlson, "When are you going to get a job? You can\'t stay home forever."', '"She said \'Mr. Mom\' without saying \'Mr. Mom,\'" Carlson says. "I just let the comments go. I know I\'m not going to change any person\'s worldview with a 30-minute debate."', "Those of us who work full-time but are more committed to our kids than to our jobs are just as quick to reject the stereotypes of bumbling, clueless fathers in commercials, TV shows, or online. That's partly because negative portrayals of dads can cause problems -- like affecting how the judicial system views fathers' parental capabilities.", 'We also speak out to share ideas and advice -- because modern dads understand each other. We know what it is to be fathers in changing times, facing challenges and pressures, and committed to keeping parenthood our top priority.', 'There\'s a kind of communal celebration going on. On blogs and at conferences, dads are sharing with each other how awesome it is to live in a time that\'s so far beyond "Mr. Mom."', "We know we're part of something special: A generation that's helping turn American fatherhood into something more emotional and deeper -- something I referred to in a TEDx Talk as a part of the ultimate dream.", 'But saying a loud, vociferous "no" to "Mr. Mom" doesn\'t mean claiming the mantle of Superdad. It just means we\'re trying to do our best. Just like good moms across the country.', "Don't miss out on the conversation we're having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest stories and tell us what's influencing your life.", "American dads have come a long way in 30 years. And we're not alone, as Prince William showed. Just imagine what's ahead.", "Chris Bernholdt's son was asked in kindergarten what he wants to be when he grows up.", 'Get the latest kid-related buzz, confessions from imperfect parents and the download on the digital life of families here at CNN Parents. ', 'Moms offer Kate advice on what could make her slightly crazy during these first magical -- and exhausting -- days as a mother. ', 'A novel about midwives got photographer Jenna Shouldice interested in the birthing community before she attended photography school.', 'When Carrie Goldman asked San Diego Comic-Con goers if they remembered being taunted for their geeky ways, the power of bullying was clear.', 'Each missing child poster -- hundreds of thousands of them each year -- represents a family in heartache and a community at a loss.', '"The best thing you could ever do for a child is to make homemade foods from scratch," Tyler Florence says.', "We want you to tell it like it is: Let's share the mess-ups, the chaos and the truth -- good, bad and ugly -- about all stages of child rearing. "]