["From spectacular rushing white waters of the Seljalandsfoss Falls to beautiful Icelandic horses galloping down an idyllic countryside road, iReporter Halldor Sigurdsson's greatest summer highlight was exploring all that southern Iceland had to offer.Check out more photos and also videos of Sigurdsson's enchanting trip on his iReport.", 'Originally from Montreal, but now in the Philippines working on her thesis, Kristina Partsinevelos says she almost missed this priceless shot. "I had to retrace my steps when I saw this little girl," she said. " I\'ve never seen a baby in a bucket before."See more about the photo on Kristina\'s iReport.', 'One of the summer highlights for iReporter Mark Rogers and his partner was an unforgettable trip to Arches National Park near Moeb, Utah. "We are lucky to have such an incredible park in this country," he said. "We finished our hike right as the sun set. We were both very lucky to see so much incredible scenery."See more spellbinding photos from this trip on Mark Roger\'s iReport.', 'iReporter Cindy Schultz and 26 of her family members made a summer trip to her brother\'s lakeside house in Minnesota, where they lit paper lanterns and watched them beautifully float over the lake. "We talked in whispers as we watched them," she said. "They puffed up into the sky like bags of microwaveable popcorn."Read more about their illuminating summer highlight on Cindy Schultz\'s iReport. ', 'For beach lover Jim Grant, his trip down to "the Wedge" in Newport Beach was a big highlight when he got to see the beauty and power of the waves as surfers enthusiastically took them on. " This spot is fantastic. I could drift up and down this section of beach for hours and never get bored," he said.Check out more photos of the spectacular waves on Jim Grant\'s iReport. ', 'Vactioning at one of the Caribbean\'s must-see islands, Barry Bellomy says he couldn\'t resist capturing this sight of Curacao. "I was captivated by the beautiful colors of the buildings," he said.See Barry\'s colorful photo on his iReport.', 'Backpacking for three days through Yosemite National Park, iReporter Andrew Pielage and his friends crossed a life\'s "to-do" off their list when they made it to the top of Yosemite\'s famous Half Dome. "It was a dream come true," he said. "I had waited twenty years to do it and I finally made it.Check out another photo and read more about their journey on Andrew Pielage\'s iReport.', 'Deciding to take a walk along the river Seine on his first night in Paris, Thomas Kelly says it was amazing to see a full moon breaking through the clouds as it illuminated the walkways. "This scene really captures the essence of romance of one of the world\'s greatest cities," he said.Read more about Thomas Kelly\'s trip to the City of Lights on his iReport.', 'With lush countrysides and beautiful castles shrouded in legend, Ireland boasts some of the world\'s most impressive sights. And for iReporter Lalith Jayasinghe, his favorite sight during her trip to Ireland was the Burren in County Clare. "It\'s a 5000-year-old portal tomb. I was in awe," he told CNN.Read more about this little slice of Ireland on Lalith Jayasinghe\'s iReport.', 'After 10 years of marriage, Todd and Jennifer Osmulski shared an amazing summer highlight together when they chose to renew their vows on the beaches of St. Lucia. "We have been through so much. So many ups and downs, but here we are. Together still."Find out more about their summer filled with love on Todd D. Osmulski\'s iReport.', "As summer comes to a close, here's to the memories of beaches, adventures and fun", "(CNN) -- We can't take every summer vacation we'd like to take, but CNN iReporters can certainly take us to some of those places. Here, iReporters share some of their summer travels and photos, which cover a lot of terrain."]