['Credit Suisse - Latest news, videos, and information- NBCNews.comSkip navigation', "ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse's &lt;CSGN.VX&gt; investment bank drove a one-third jump in second-quarter group earnings, while higher interest rates should help future profits at its private bank, the lender said.Full story", "ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland's top court has ruled that the government can transfer the bank records of an American client of Credit Suisse &lt;CSGN.VX&gt; to the U.S. tax authorities, giving a boost to the country's efforts to end U.S. investigations of Swiss banks. Full story", "GENEVA (Reuters) - A Swiss court has ordered an injunction halting the transfer of a former Credit Suisse &lt;CSGN.VX&gt; employee's data to U.S. tax authorities, a lawyer involved in the case said on Tuesday. Full story", 'TrendingSteven A. CohenUnemploymentretireesCredit SuisseBiotechnologySouthwest AirlinesNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', 'Ira Jersey,Credit Suisse, and Laurence Mutkin, Morgan Stanley, share their trades on the jump in yields, as the 10-year Note hits a new 22-month high and the U.S. dollar index makes its way to a 3-week top.', "CNBC's Eamon Javers discusses whether Congress and the Fed will impact stocks in the 2nd half of the year. Thomas Lee, JPMorgan; Jim McDonald, Northern Trust; Barbara Reinhard, Credit Suisse; Gary Thayer, Wells Fargo Advisors; and David Bianco, Deutsch...", "The transports have had a heck of a run this year, explains CNBC's Phil LeBeau. What happens to the sector if jet fuel moves higher? Thomas Lee, JPMorgan; Jim McDonald, Northern Trust; Barbara Reinhard, Credit Suisse; Gary Thayer, Wells Fargo Advisors;...", "CNBC's Bob Pisani asks the panel how to invest in emerging markets now, with Thomas Lee, JPMorgan; Jim McDonald, Northern Trust; Barbara Reinhard, Credit Suisse; Gary Thayer, Wells Fargo Advisors; and David Bianco, Deutsche Bank. ", "Dissecting the market's reaction to the Fed's policy statement, and where smart money might go in the 2nd half of the year, with Thomas Lee, JPMorgan; Jim McDonald, Northern Trust; Barbara Reinhard, Credit Suisse; Gary Thayer, Wells Fargo Advisors; and...", 'The logo of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen at his headquarters at the Paradeplatz square in Zurich', "The logo of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen at his headquarters at the Paradeplatz square in Zurich July 25, 2013. Credit Suisse's investment bank drove a one-third jump in second-quarter group earnings, while higher interest rates should help future profits at its private bank, the lender said.   ", 'A tram drives past the headquarters of Swiss bank Credit Suisse at the Paradeplatz square in Zurich', "A tram drives past the headquarters of Swiss bank Credit Suisse  at the Paradeplatz square in Zurich July 25, 2013. Credit Suisse's investment bank drove a one-third jump in second-quarter group earnings, while higher interest rates should help future profits at its private bank, the lender said. On", 'The shadow of CEO Dougan of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen on a wall as CFO Mathers addresses a news conference in Zurich', "The shadow of CEO Brady Dougan of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen on a wall as CFO David Mathers  addresses a news conference to present the bank's half-year results in Zurich July 25, 2013. Credit Suisse's investment bank drove a one-third jump in second-quarter group earnings, while higher intere", "CEO Brady Dougan of Swiss bank Credit Suisse gestures as he addresses a news conference to present the bank's half-year results in Zurich July 25, 2013. Credit Suisse's investment bank drove a one-third jump in second-quarter group earnings, while higher interest rates should help future profits at "]