['in critical condition.  Oklahoma  University Medical Center tornado emergency for the  Oklahoma  City metropolitan area which is south of the  Oklahoma  City, amid the massive storm.  Gov .  Mary Fallin  told ABC News Friday evening ', 'tornado emergency for the  Oklahoma  City metropolitan area which is south of the  Oklahoma  City, amid a massive storm.  Gov .  Mary Fallin  told ABC News that there Dee Lee, a volunteer at  Oklahoma  Emergency Management, said ', 'here pride themselves on the  Oklahoma  standard. What Governor Fallin\'s to save a lot of lives."  Oklahoma  Tornado: How to Help With Administrator Craig Fugate, Okla.  Gov .  Mary Fallin , Rep. Tom Cole, R-Okla fire station. INTERACTIVE:  Oklahoma  Tornado: Before And After ', 'in  Oklahoma  City. For full  Oklahoma  tornado coverage, click here Associated Press. RELATED:  Oklahoma  Tornado: Before And After three years ago." WATCH:  Oklahoma  Tornado: Stories of Heroism Baptist Church in Moore, Okla.  Gov .  Mary Fallin \'s office said 4,500 seats ', "Cellphone video recorded by an  Oklahoma  teacher at Briarwood Elementary Horrific Video From Inside  Oklahoma  School After the tornado passed age from 4 months to 65.  Gov .  Mary Fallin 's office said Wednesday in their homes. RELATED:  Oklahoma  Tornado: Before And After ", 'Craig Fugate was on his way to  Oklahoma . "The people of Moore should major disaster declaration" for  Oklahoma  and ordered federal aid to start phone in the Oval Office with  Oklahoma Gov .  Mary Fallin  to express his concern and to ', '9:24 a.m.:  Oklahoma  Medical Examiner reports 24 people believed killed. 7: 15 a.m.:  Oklahoma Gov .  Mary Fallin  told " Good Morning America ," "It\'s a very sad day in  Oklahoma . A lot of hearts have been broken ', 'Oklahoma  Tornado Kills at Least 51, Including 20 Children, as Death Toll to Climb', 'School. RELATED: How to Help  Oklahoma  Tornado Victims Moore Mayor Todd Lamb told ABC News.  Oklahoma Gov .  Mary Fallin  tweeted late Monday night that dedication," she tweeted. PHOTOS:  Oklahoma  Tornado Levels Towns Fallin ', 'Shawnee, 35 miles south of  Oklahoma  City, was one of the hardest which serves south central  Oklahoma , received five patients injuries, Wells said.  Gov .  Mary Fallin  declared an emergency for 16  Oklahoma  counties that suffered from ', "Christie will be CPAC's most notable absence, the highest-profile 2016 prospect not to have any role in the conference.  Mary Fallin  She's not the most widely known Republican politician, but the former congresswoman and current  Oklahoma  governor generated some momentary buzz as a speculated possibility for Mitt Romney's vice presidential nominee. Whether ", 'talked with a number of governors, including the incoming chair of the National Governors Association,  Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin , about how governors and retailers and manufacturers can drive this issue together. Governors from both ', "Governors Association leadership - NGA Chair Delaware Gov. Jack Markell, a Democrat, and NGA Vice Chair  Oklahoma Gov .  Mary Fallin , a Republican - will deliver the association's inaugural State of the States address. According to the ", "news digital special report taking an  Oklahoma  where the governor there is holding a trying a couple of days for the state of  Oklahoma  it's a sad time Forrest again as we've action the end of world cruises state of  Oklahoma . So thank you for your assistance ", "York this ABC news digital special report -- -- -- taking an Oklahoma where the governor there is holding a news conference on -- devastation and cleanup efforts from a tornado that struck yesterday so let's listen in to governor Mary -- Thank -- match and I just want to thank the media for -- to dad to help. Park community get information is critical time like this think -- -- Helping with the the planners disaster services in. And it being able to help our search and rescue we appreciate you it's been a very trying a couple of days for the state of Oklahoma -- it's a sad time Forrest again as we've experienced almost. Horrific storms and disasters. That this state has ever face that ", 'Sunday. This storm action the end of world cruises -- state of Oklahoma . So thank you for your assistance. House -- a second phone call a few months ago from -- Obama. Once again reiterating ', "-- -- had the man. The city is out both -- and Oklahoma City which they've been sitting out there is teens in determining what that. Most important need is at that particular moment so. Thank you and -- job well done to the command team is now. -- 9 AM this morning I brought together all my cabinet secretaries from. -- -- Hands and -- agencies. Or the state of Oklahoma and we had a -- meeting goings through each. Division -- stay in it to -- talking about the current needs and challenges facing. The state of Oklahoma . We want to encourage anyone that is currently still in need in our state to call 180621. FEMA. If he -- services ", "It's certainly a very very sad day of  Oklahoma . Very hard day tremendous disaster that all that our prayers and our thoughts  Oklahoma  families that have been hit hard line friends storms that it hit the state of  Oklahoma . I just want to say how much I appreciate ", "It's certainly a very very sad day -- of Oklahoma . Very hard day -- -- -- tremendous disaster that has hit this community and more in other areas at this day. Beginning yesterday with a terrible storms and history. So many different areas and certainly today it places big tornado that. -- long had the same path that may night. Maker turning in 1999 -- is arguably there's something I've just been handed against -- warriors element. His -- saying first of all that our prayers and our thoughts -- -- Oklahoma families that have been hit hard line this. Terrible storm these last two days managing that are our hearts our heart is ", '-- might be lost friends storms that it hit the state of Oklahoma . I just want to say how much I appreciate. All the first responders the -- Law enforcement. Entities acquired the police Red ', 'of many homes and lost -- people. And also ran that Carney Oklahoma . Highway -- -- -- evidence honey. Many people have let -- say because the media and there -- response reporting on the ', 'to the residents of moore,  oklahoma , to take cover immediately destroying what used to be the  oklahoma  city suburbs. Oh, my gosh members have been deployed by  oklahoma governor mary fallin . This is going to be so difficult ', 'trapped beneath the rubble. Additional national guard members have been deployed by oklahoma governor mary fallin This is going to be so difficult today. There is a fourth day of these powerful storms and folks are just trying ', 'fires into firestorms across several  oklahoma  counties. At least 100 buildings burned in this fire near the small central  oklahoma  town of luther. At day break,  oklahoma governor mary fallin  spoke to families who lost everything ', 'of the country in a punishing drought. This evening, ground zero near oklahoma city where a dozen fires ripped through tinder-dry neighborhoods. You see the fire behind it. So many homes outlined by the flames. This image from the town of luther. And further south. Animals true. This horse struggling to escape the quick-moving blaze. We begin with mike boettcher. On the frontlines of the fires just outside oklahoma city. Mike. Reporter: David, I live in oklahoma when the temperatures hit 113 and winds started kicking up. It was clear there was trouble coming. And sure enough, it was. The extreme conditions turned brush fires into firestorms across several oklahoma counties. At least 100 buildings burned to the ground. Almost half of them homes. A day care center was turned to ash. Hundreds were evacuated in advance of the flame. When I left, the fire was right at my back door. Reporter: Arson was expected in this fire near the small central oklahoma town of luther. At day break, oklahoma governor mary fallin spoke to families who lost everything. Emergency managers told her this year could bring one of the worst wildfire breakouts in the ', "the governor of  oklahoma ,  mary fallin . Governor, our prayers are with We'll be back, absolutely.  Oklahoma  has gone through this a couple times and loss of life at that time.  Oklahoma  city has rebounded. It has rebuilt ", 'the governor of oklahoma , mary fallin . Governor, our prayers are with all of you this morning. So hard to believe the city of moore has now been hit ']