['highly-anticipated return of two long-running  ABC  daytime dramas, "  All My Children  " and " One Life to Live ," will take both being filmed in Stamford, Conn. " All My Children " said goodbye to  ABC  after 41 years in September of 2011 ', 'Consuelos Before Kelly Ripa paired up with Regis, she was paired with her future husband Mark Consuelos on the  ABC  daytime drama, " All My Children ." Consuelos played Ripa\'s onscreen lover Mateo Santos. But apparently sparks continued to fly offscreen ', 'Consuelos Before Kelly Ripa paired up with Regis, she was paired with her future husband Mark Consuelos on the  ABC  daytime drama, " All My Children ." Consuelos played Ripa\'s onscreen lover Mateo Santos. But apparently sparks continued to fly offscreen ', 'Consuelos Before Kelly Ripa paired up with Regis, she was paired with her future husband Mark Consuelos on the  ABC  daytime drama, " All My Children ." Consuelos played Ripa\'s onscreen lover Mateo Santos. But apparently sparks continued to fly offscreen ', 'television host Kelly Ripa and " All My Children " actor Mark Consuelos at Sofia Vergara category:  ABC \'s Table The stars of some of  ABC \'s biggest hit shows will Wanderlust," will sit at the  ABC  table for the second year ', 'ABC  News "Dancing With the Stars" winner J.R. Martinez has something best gift we could get." The couple met in 2008 while working on the  soap opera  " All My Children ." Martinez played an Iraq war veteran while Jones worked as an executive ', "J.R. Martinez on Rebuilding His Life After Surviving a Roadside Bomb Blast: Recovery Was 'The Real War'", 'bedside, kind of over me," he told  ABC \'s Deborah Roberts in an exclusive veteran Brot Monroe on the hit  ABC soap opera , " All My Children ." Audiences fell in love with Smirnoff on \'DWTS.\' Credit:  ABC  "I think I also tend to sometimes ', 'the spring of 2012.  ABC /Donna Svennevik J speaker and actor on  ABC \'s " All My Children ." In April 2003, at joined the cast of " All My Children " as combat veteran Brot community service projects.  ABC  Carson Kressley Carson ', 'For "  All My Children  " and " One Life to Live show will go on. Today,  ABC  announced that it has licensed and Rich Frank said. "\' All My Children \' and \'One Life to Live their site. In April,  ABC  announced it would end ', '" All My Children " and "One behind.  ABC  announced success of  ABC \'s "The Kimberley Locke.  Susan Lucci , who has star on " All My Children " and one Indeed, " All My Children ," on since Restless."  ABC \'s " All My Children ," "One Cushing on the  soap opera . She dropped ', 'test for  All My Children  back in 1990 1970 that  ABC  premier  All My Children  the ground For years  All My Children  was one of apocalypse  Susan Lucci  watch nearly worked on  All My Children  still feels broke that  All My Children  was going cost the  soap opera  world I really ', "900 channels now -- to be great. When the news broke that All My Children was going to be canceled because of low ratings and high cost the soap opera world -- -- I really imagine. You know we're and one way kind of grown old here David spears is hiding something. ", "daytime soaps  ABC 's announcing  all my children  and one life live and  All My Children  are both since 1968.  All My Children  celebrated brief that  soap opera  will go off generation  ABC  has promised welcome than  Susan Lucci . When she ", "A major announcement today about some long running daytime soaps ABC's announcing all my children and one life to live will soon go off the air sandy Kenyon here with more on the decision sandy -- and world leaders gave Diana. And given the era doesn't even Begin to cover. When life to live and All My Children are both iconic television shows that went on the air. When I was still in grade school but both fell victim to declining ratings and higher costs. They had one life to live here in the city since 1968. All My Children celebrated its fortieth anniversary in Manhattan. Just before moving west. There -- stay in LA will be brief that soap opera will go off the air in September it's one life to live will broadcast a final episode began. Generations of women watch these shows. But the reason -- -- away is because there are -- -- women available at home. And -- and the tradition of these shows were not passed on to the next generation ABC has promised me to die hard fans of the soap operas will be. Honored and each show and -- In a manner ", 'Imus of Imus at  All My Children  yes. But there 41 years. the  soap opera  vixen and became delicious things.  Susan Lucci  is taken on a alongside and former  All My Children  cast And yes together and  All My Children  did. Never and ', "-- my hand I'm mr. Imus of Imus at All My Children yes. But there is life after that after 41 years. -- the soap opera vixen and became so delicious things. Susan Lucci is taken on a new role -- is guest starring on army wives alongside and former All My Children cast -- And yes and she is here to tell us all about it when I love. Sam came running and Larry ", "work for actress  Susan Lucci . Who for decades Kane on the soap  All My Children . What might surprise believed she is  ABC 's champ in tonight's someone so famous  Susan Lucci  leads of regular Erica Kane on  All My Children  for more than ", "stakes his own death it's all in a day's work for actress Susan Lucci . Who for decades is played -- time's biggest diva Erica Kane on the soap All My Children . What might surprise -- was just how little light resembles are believed she is ABC's -- champ -- in tonight's on core. Doesn't change. -- Yeah OK -- road trip for someone so famous Susan Lucci leads of regular suburban life here in Long Island just outside New York City. We arranged to spend the day with her ", "the global resources  ABC  news. Carrying around death of the daytime  soap opera . Tonight this time pine valley home to  ABC 's  All My Children . Even  Susan Lucci . Who plays Erica reportedly and all the rest of  ABC  news. Good night America ", "Episodes. Jon Lieberman takes a look at the death of the daytime soap opera . Tonight -- this time. Today's date polite -- -- Springfield. After 72 years Guiding Light units fictional hometown. There are no more ", "years ago  All My Children  made its debut here on  ABC  bringing with the likes of  Susan Lucci  Kelly up and joining you from  all my children 's brand good old days  all my children 's grand armed incomparable  Susan Lucci  who was played ", "Forty years ago All My Children made its debut here on ABC bringing with that a whole cast of characters played by the likes of Susan Lucci Kelly -- up and -- Our very own Cameron mathison. Ryan what it's been twelve years I think it's been he's been Ryan on song but since I've been on the show twelve years and Ed thank you for giving me my New Year's resolution to get back in the gym that clip from what's gonna -- twelve years ago. I'll tell what it's going to be days and it's gonna not here's we're looking good. The big facade -- and it is but I am indeed joining you from all my children's brand new home here in Los Angeles over the holidays we just. -- and moved the show cross country -- -- LA after forty years. Of being in New York now while the location of the senate has changed the show itself. Definitely has -- all about family about timely social issues and lucky for me it's still about Arafat. First for decades All My Children has been a fixture of daytime television capturing the imagination of loyal soap fans with its hundreds of weddings funerals. And memorable love story. It's been over 101000. Episodes and for my character alone. I have been married four times engaged -- shot four times -- Come back from the dead and had a six month relationship interest. Through -- Amy. I have to talk to him coming over there right now. From the very beginning All My Children creator Agnes Nixon sought to create a different kind of daytime drama. She creating. Social -- top backs. That affected the people that you cared about you can deal with the Vietnam War He could deal with abortion in more recent years All My Children has played host to such high profile guest says Oprah Winfrey but will we will. We don't want and continue to tackle timely topics. Including a lesbian wedding even the current economic crisis. But the characters from the fictional town of pine valley weren't the only ones feeling the economic pinch it turns out All My Children producers were true. Which is why they made the difficult decision last summer to move the show from New York to Los Angeles area got the final days of the New York -- were bittersweet. But helping us through the sad moments -- homecoming of some familiar faces. Talk show host Kelly -- actually met her husband Marcus Willis on the set of All My Children where she played -- The news to his -- I can smell of money and then we'll check this out this is ", "can do any -- Also installed -- about the good old days all my children's grand armed incomparable Susan Lucci who was played leading lady Erica Kane for. Forty years just heard what episode six visitors and ten episode 1010. So I got to be home for a you know for a week or so and and watch what this show was really going to be -- ballot and I remember watching and thinking. This -- -- -- Susan wasn't the only one to get her big break on All My Children to show gave me my chance to twelve years ago. Here's my screen tests from way back when -- Mendon tell -- and goes what you work and form an iron clothes for like six times I. Our -- way. -- -- -- -- -- On December 11 the New York set of pine valley was permanently dismantle. But All My Children fans. -- not. Pine valley has been reconstructed. On our brand new set in Los Angeles cast and crew are hopeful that ", "will appear and  ABC 's.  All My Children . These episodes filming a scene for  All My Children  has felt the on the set of  soap opera  is quite a departure appearance today on  All My Children  which airs weekdays of course on  ABC  find out more ", "on TV and honor veterans day Iraq War vets will appear and ABC's . All My Children These episodes a look at some of the challenges that they -- over on the battlefield and of course back here -- get home we have the beautiful lovely and talented Lee Woodruff here with us think she has more you're very welcome. I was driving a humvee. And then make that the explosion went off and Exide and in cure it real life that's unscripted filming a scene for All My Children has -- felt the need to -- three different in my hand -- And just sort on the side and -- trust "]