['Southwest Airlines - Latest news, videos, and information- NBCNews.comSkip navigation', "The National Transportation Safety Board says the nose gear of a Southwest Airlines jet collapsed backward and into the body of the aircraft following a hard landing at New York's LaGuardia Airport. Full story", 'TrendingSteven A. CohenUnemploymentretireesCredit SuisseBiotechnologySouthwest AirlinesNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "No serious injuries have been reported so far after a Southwest Airlines jet's nose gear collapsed as it landed at LaGuardia Airport, with CNBC's Larry Kudlow.", 'Fast Money traders Stephanie Link and Mike Murphy debate whether Southwest Airlines is losing altitude.', 'The FMHR traders reveal their plays on the top stocks lighting up the Twitterfeed, including Verizon, Merck, Lockheed Martin, and Southwest Airlines.', "Gary Kelly, Chairman, President & CEO of Southwest Airlines, breaks down his company's fourth quarter earnings, and discusses LUV's pre-boarding plan.", "Southwest Airlines is now saying it will roll out new travel fees beginning in 2013. CNBC's Phil LeBeau reports the details.", 'Several Souhtwest Airlines planes are lined up at the Lambert - St. Louis International Airport in this file photo', 'Several Souhtwest Airlines planes are lined up at Terminal two at the Lambert - St. Louis International Airport, in St. Louis, Missouri, in this file photo from March 4, 2013.Southwest Airlines Co said on July 25, 2013 that quarterly profit edged down as costs increased. REUTERS/Tom Gannam /Files  (', '(from hot note, no story as of 6:27) Southwest Airlines flight 345, a Boeing 737 from Nashville had a nose gear issue upon landing on runway 4 at Laguardia.  The passengers are still on board.  No injuries reported.  The Fire department is foaming the area because of a chemical leak. Photo Credit:Ja', 'Handout shows a Southwest Airlines plane sitting on the tarmac, after landing without its nose gear, at LaGuardia airport in New York', 'Handout shows a Southwest Airlines plane sitting on the tarmac, after landing without its nose gear, at LaGuardia airport in New York', 'A Southwest Airlines plane sits on the tarmac as passengers disembark at LaGuardia airport in New York, July 22, 2013, in this photo courtesy of @mattjfriedman and Frank Ferramosca. REUTERS/@mattjfriedman and Frank Ferramosca/Handout via Reuters']