['"Ageless wonder," is how Angels first baseman Mark Trumbo described Colon after going 0 for 3. "He\'s got a lot of movement on the ball. His pitches all start out at about the same place. You just have to try and gauge where it\'s going to end up. A lot of times it\'s off the fist. It\'s really tough to pick up any spin off his ball. It\'s a testament that he\'s able to throw games like this at the age that he is. It\'s obviously a little more going on than what you might see."', "Sogard, the No. 9 hitter, had no RBIs in 40 career at-bats against the Angels until he came up in the third and drove a 1-0 pitch into the lower seats in the right-field corner for a 2-0 lead after a leadoff double by Young. It was Sogard's second homer this season and sixth in 392 career at-bats.", "The A's extended the margin to 4-0 in the fifth. Sogard singled before designated hitter Coco Crisp bunted for a hit and continued all the way to third on third baseman Alberto Callaspo's throwing error past first base, which allowed Sogard to score from first. Four batters later, Brandon Moss singled home Crisp with two outs.", "The A's got two more in the sixth after throwing errors by Iannetta and Trumbo, which increased the Angels' total to an AL-worst 72. Josh Reddick was on the front end of a double steal with Young, and continued home when Iannetta's throw caromed off Reddick and toward the dugout. Young scored when Trumbo charged Crisp's slow bouncer to first and threw wildly past Iannetta at the plate.", 'NOTES: Home Run Derby champion Yoenis Cespedes missed his third straight game because of a sore left wrist. "Until he actually gets in the batting cage and swings freely and then gets in there for batting practice, he won\'t play," Melvin said. "I\'d doubt tomorrow. We want to make sure he gets in swings on the field." ... Colon is 8-0 with a 2.25 ERA in his last nine starts against AL West teams, a stretch that began with a 10-4 win over the Angels last Aug. 7 at Oakland. ... RHP Tommy Hanson, who hasn\'t pitched for the Angels since June 20 because of a forearm strain, is slated to come off the disabled list Tuesday and start against Minnesota. ... Crisp has gone 82 at-bats without an extra-base hit since his solo homer on June 21 at Seattle against Hisashi Iwakuma. ... The Angels were 1 for 16 with runners in scoring position during the three-game series. ... Trout extended his hitting streak to a career-best 13 games.', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']