['Through July 29 Rank Player Points YTD Money 1. Tiger Woods 2,132 $4,685,123 2. Zach Johnson 1,988 $4,037,284 3. Jason Dufner 1,888 $4,124,137 4. Hunter Mahan 1,725 ...', 'Carl Pettersson posted a 6-under 66 on Thursday to take the first-round lead of the PGA Championship at a relatively defenseless Ocean Course at Kiawah Island.Wind i...', 'Vijay Singh posted an impressive, 3-under 69 on Friday to take the clubhouse lead during the windy second round of the PGA Championship.Singh, a two-time PGA Champio...', 'El estadounidense Keegan Bradley ha logrado hoy imponerse en el torneo Bridgestone de golf, que se ha disputado en Akron (Ohio, EE.UU.), al concluir el campeonato co...', 'Los estadounidenses Roberto Castro, Jason Kokrak y James Hahn comenzaron el Humana Challenge de golf compartiendo el primer puesto en la tabla tras la primera ronda....', 'The 154 players who have qualified for the 94th PGA Championship, to be played on The Ocean Course at Kiawah Island. Two spots are being held for the winners of the ...', 'Tiger Woods watched the flight of his tee shot until he could see it drifting too far right, and he hung his head slightly as the ball tumbled off the green. Already...', 'The U.S. and International teams split balls, but the Americans are still ahead by two at the Presidents Cup.The U.S. leads 7-5 at a windy Royal Melbourne, but once ...', 'Aaron Baddeley fired a six-under 64 Saturday to grab a share of the lead after three rounds of the Tour Championship.Hunter Mahan , who clinched his spot on the U.S....', 'It has been a dizzying, exciting and nervous start to the U.S. Open week for Chinese teenager Andy Zhang who has shaken hands with Tiger Woods and sat in the same in...', 'The U.S. Open is known as the toughest test in golf, and it usually lives up to its reputation.Some years more than others.Oakmont proved to be downright painful to ...', 'Former champion Jim Furyk carded a 1- under 69 on Friday to finish two rounds at the 112th U.S. Open in red figures.With the morning wave complete, Furyk is the lead...', 'The second major championship has brought three major champions to the top of the leaderboard after two rounds.Tiger Woods, Jim Furyk and David Toms share a two-stro...', 'Graeme McDowell knows how quickly it all can change on Sunday at the U.S. Open.McDowell was three shots behind going into the final round at Pebble Beach two years a...', "Phil Mickelson hit one tree, threaded a shot through five trees and hit a drive that wound up in a spectator's shorts. He somehow managed a 1-under 70 on Saturday to...", 'The 151 players who have qualified for the 112th U.S. Open, to be played June 14-17 at The Olympic Club. Players listed only in the first category for which they are...', 'With one bad hole, Rory McIlroy began to wonder if this would be another short week at the Memorial.Thanks to 17 other holes and a superb round with the putter, the ...', 'Rory McIlroy went from the bunker to the water, walked across the pond to the drop area, then hit into another bunker. When he was done making a mess of the 12th hol...']