["We've got to continue to in the war in Afghanistan rebalance our fight against al-Qaeda. We need to combat  climate change  we've got to stand up for civil rights we've got to All those issues are important. And what we might not one ", "war in Afghanistan rebalance our fight against al-Qaeda. We need to combat climate change we've got to stand up for civil rights we've got to -- All those issues are important. And what we might not ", 'everybody who works hard feels like they can get ahead and feel some measure of security." Other issues, like stemming  climate change , advancing women\'s and civil rights, and reducing gun violence, are important too, Obama said. "But what we ', 'or South America to see it," he said. The big question though is why New Mexico. Some theorize that it could be  climate change , others point simply to the bird\'s wings. "Birds, with their power of flight, do this kind of thing regularly ', 'expanded background checks for certain firearm purchases, which are stalled in Congress; and measures to curb  climate change , which the president outlined last month. Obama also plans a series of economic speeches beginning this week that ', "several U.N. agencies that the House wants to cut funding for completely. It provides stronger support for global  climate change  programs, international financial institutions, development efforts and disaster relief. The Senate's bill proposes ", 'or South America to see it," he said. The big question though is why New Mexico. Some theorize that it could be  climate change , others point simply to the bird\'s wings. "Birds, with their power of flight, do this kind of thing regularly ', 'expanded background checks for certain firearm purchases, which are stalled in Congress; and measures to curb  climate change , which the president outlined last month. Obama also plans a series of economic speeches beginning this week that ', 'children from gun violence, tackle  climate change  and overhaul fractured immigration to progress on gay rights and  climate change , which had prominent placements will respond to the threat of  climate change , knowing that the failure to ', 'being produced," says Michael Levi, who heads the Council on Foreign Relations\' program on energy security and  climate change . Even safety experts worried about the dangers of shipping oil by rail acknowledge that the safety record of railroads ', 'being produced," says Michael Levi, who heads the Council on Foreign Relations\' program on energy security and  climate change . Even safety experts worried about the dangers of shipping oil by rail acknowledge that the safety record of railroads ', 'being produced," says Michael Levi, who heads the Council on Foreign Relations\' program on energy security and  climate change . Even safety experts worried about the dangers of shipping oil by rail acknowledge that the safety record of railroads ', "Barack Obama has stumbled on an unusual partner on  climate change : China. The world's two biggest greenhouse gas spur other developing nations like India to fight  climate change , too. Last week, American and Chinese officials ", "Northeastern heat wave an extra day or so until the weekend. He said there's no evidence pointing at man-made  climate change , but this is likely just natural chaos in the atmosphere. Thursday, the heat index hit 106 degrees in Washington ", "places, taking spending down to $34.1 billion. That's $8 billion lower than last year. The bill would gut  climate change  and clean technology efforts and ends payments to some U.N. and international agencies. Aid would be conditional ", "We've got to continue to in the war in Afghanistan rebalance our fight against al-Qaeda. We need to combat  climate change  we've got to stand up for civil rights we've got to All those issues are important. And what we might not one ", "war in Afghanistan rebalance our fight against al-Qaeda. We need to combat climate change we've got to stand up for civil rights we've got to -- All those issues are important. And what we might not ", "SyFy's original film about a  climate - change -induced twister full of angry sharks lit up Twitter.", "report President Obama is talking  climate change  right now. At Georgetown University single weather event. Is solely by  climate change . Droughts and fires and floods already feeling the effects of  climate change  don't have time to deny it ", "is an ABC news digital special report -- President Obama is talking climate change right now. At Georgetown University let's listen. Not everybody. Please be seated and my first announcement today is that you should all ", "Now we know that no single weather event. Is -- solely by climate change . Droughts and fires and floods. May go back to ancient times. But we also know that in a world that's warmer than ", "disaster relief. In -- those who were already feeling the effects of climate change don't have time to deny it. They're busy dealing with a. Firefighters are braving. Long -- wildfire seasons. And state and federal ", 'major announcement this week on  climate change  and energy. I want to know what video, making a major speech on  climate change  and energy on tuesday. Here it respond to the growing threat of  climate change  for the sake of our children and ', "The president is going to make a major announcement this week on climate change and energy. I want to know what that would be. I don't think that the president needs to make a statement on ", "yesterday he put out a youtube video, making a major speech on climate change and energy on tuesday. Here it is. I pledged that america would respond to the growing threat of climate change for the sake of our children and future generations. It's a serious challenge, but it's one uniquely suited to america's strengths. There's no single step that can reverse climate change , but when it comes to the world we leave our children, we owe it to them to do what we can. It ", 'talk about nuclear arms control  climate change  in the fight against terrorism a harsher. The effort to slow  climate change  bold action. And on this Germany here of course touched also on  climate change  and reducing nuclear stockpiles ', 'of Berlin. From a president expected to talk about nuclear arms control climate change in the fight against terrorism and as waiting with the president to take the podium -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ', "children to a harsher. -- -- -- -- The effort to slow climate change -- -- bold action. And on this Germany and you're glad. In the United States we have recently doubled -- -- Energy ", 'something in Syria pretty significant moment here of course touched also on climate change and reducing -- nuclear stockpiles and a number of other initiatives. But again that major theme here that -- nations cannot be ', "that doesn't even count the cost of more than 500 homes that burned to the ground. Scientists say human-caused  climate change  is already helping shift the planet's natural balance. Creating more heat waves, drought, and intense downpours ", "more than 500 homes that burned to the ground. Scientists say human-caused climate change is already helping shift the planet's natural balance. Creating more heat waves, drought, and intense downpours. A stormy and expensive reality, that's ", "people are building homes in overgrown forest areas like this. But scientists say it's also made a lot worse by  climate change . Climate experts blame extreme drought and global temperatures running hotter than average every single month for ", "like this. But scientists say it's also made a lot worse by climate change . Climate experts blame extreme drought and global temperatures running hotter than average every single month for 28 years straight. Research shows wildfires "]