['in from the  ocean  so hopefully Stuff going on  weather  wise around severe wet  weather  continues global global  climate change  is causing we have a  La Nina  which is the the Pacific  Ocean . So we might any other  weather  phenomenon ', "for teaching staff there now lately there's been other. Stuff going on weather wise around the country as well over the last few months remember that nor'easter. In April that that was happening right before ", "not gonna have any shortage for a while -- this severe wet weather continues between the northeast flooding fires tornadoes. Is it just me or or is this -- becoming more and more common every year. Well you know I don't want to take a stance on whether something like global warming a major global global climate change is causing all this. But let's face it normal is the average of the extremes you're gonna get extremes every year. Last year we had kind of an el Nina pattern which simmered down the hurricane season a little bit this year we have a La Nina which is the -- with cooling of the Pacific Ocean . So we might get an increase in hurricane frequency along the East Coast. And I don't want people to blame it on the wrong stuff basically back to that video on the school bus or just want to emphasize again. That lady had really good advice even though the boss made it through flooding kills more people. Than any other weather phenomenon. In the country and 75% of the people who died flooding die in their automobiles. Cubic yard waterways nearly eight times ", "increase in extreme  weather . Science cannot specifically point to  climate change  for this hyper deadly into that extreme  weather . We just don't So what is the  weather  reason for this Meteorologists call  La Nina  in tornado some ", "for tornadoes. Climatologist Heidi Cullen writes about global warming and says well climate change has increased humidity levels and can be blamed for a general increase in extreme weather . Science cannot specifically point to climate change for this hyper deadly tornado season. More extreme events like flights were extreme and that's like droughts -- waves. Wildfires those are our phenomenon that we we very much expect to see. More of as we move into warmer world still we don't know whether -- not tornadoes are to be lumped into that extreme weather . We just don't have enough data to really make that case. So what is the weather reason for this year's tornado -- -- colder than normal temperatures off the Washington Oregon coast. Jets streaming into hot humid gulf air in the south and midwest. Meteorologists call -- La Nina in tornado -- some just call it nature's payback. Jim Avila ABC news New York. ", 'science behind this topsy turvy  weather  and that crucial forecast of a busy travel week. The  weather  is now moving east bringing can be partially blamed on  La Nina . Cooler  ocean  temperatures it shipped  weather  patterns. So what are your ', "claims -- -- has more on the science behind this topsy turvy weather and that crucial forecast where will this year's Christmas be white. The storm is blasting across the southwest today. In New Mexico schools and a major interstate closed stranding motorists. Lot of whiteout conditions in -- -- -- yeah. -- -- good even the Los Alamos National Laboratory was forced to shut more than 200 flights canceled at the beginning of a busy travel week. The weather is now moving east bringing cold rains and snow expected to snarl traffic. The storm is now bringing snow to eight states ", 'drought in some parts of the southwest can be partially blamed on La Nina . Cooler ocean temperatures it shipped weather patterns. So what are your chances for a white Christmas. National Weather Service defines it as any place with -- at least an inch of snow on the ground and for much of the ', "the hillside. But experts say the  La Nina weather  pattern is the main culprit. is periodically appears in the Pacific  Ocean . When it's present it shifts rain Indonesia and the Philippines. Little  La Nina . We shifted of this large mass of ", "mudslides and logging may have destabilize the hillside. But experts say the La Nina weather pattern is the main culprit. -- is a giant patch of cold water that periodically appears in the Pacific Ocean . When it's present it shifts rain -- towards Indonesia and the Philippines. Little La Nina . We -- shifted -- of this large mass of of tropical rainfall westward and and the end result is is often times ", "extreme drought a drought possibly caused by  weather  pattern known as  La Nina . We have  La Nina  that's developed cold water over the eastern tropical Pacific  Ocean . And that means dry  weather  over the fall and winter in the southeast ", "the country are near extreme drought a drought possibly caused by -- weather pattern known as La Nina . We have -- La Nina that's developed cold water over the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean . And that means dry weather over the fall and winter in the southeast we've had maybe a couple of hundred trees that -- In Knox County Tennessee ", "scientists blame it. The arrival of  La Nina  pattern a cooling of the  ocean  waters which means less moisture may last. Through next winter  La Nina  she's definitely has it right California due to the change in the  weather . And it's just what it is ", "these increased fires in Southern California due to the change in the weather . And it's just what it is it's going to be year round from here on out. Drought heat and fire with little ", "what's the difference between  el Nino  and  La Nina  forecast just look at the severity far away in the southern Pacific.  el Nino  who are familiar with his while warm pattern in that region.  La Nina  is a cold pattern. The important ", "number train your list is -- rule out what's the difference between el Nino and La Nina -- -- -- forecast just look at the severity of hurricane season around the one of the things they look at is very far away in the southern Pacific. -- el Nino who are familiar with his while warm pattern in that region. La Nina is a cold pattern. The important thing in either case -- its influence far away in the Atlantic on wind patterns that that influence hurricane season so what forecasters see now is La Nina forming and that cold water in the Pacific actually influences wind patterns in such a way of adding increases. Hurricane risk in ", "walking today. So what is the  weather  map turned upside down you can partially to natural  weather  patterns cooler Pacific waters known as  La Nina  are pushing the jet further that's creating wacky  weather  scientists say the swings ", 'out and not ask what in the world is happening to the weather . Freezing one hour scorching the next warmer -- the planes than in many parts of Florida. 583. New heat records broken in ', "Florida instead of snow -- -- walking today. So what is the weather map turned upside down you can partially -- to natural weather patterns cooler Pacific waters known as La Nina are pushing the jet -- further north. That means. Mild -- in the south southwest. And there's something called the Arctic oscillation that acts like a -- to -- cold air keeping the midwest warm. That -- can unexpectedly spill freezing air south. But it's not just shifting -- chilly water that's creating wacky weather scientists say the swings -- influenced by global warming. Climate changes probably a good bad as to why those patterns have become disrupted. Oddly enough warming is expected to -- -- snow -- that's because more heat is an operating more water. The atmosphere is holding more moisture the storms can tap into more moisture so when it is cold enough to snow. We would expect to see heavier snowfall events. The bottom line is that over the long term we'll probably see more extreme weather events as the temperature continues to rise but short term weather events are more fickle and Diane. Winter conditions. A lot different from this could come roaring back. ", "enjoy what is supposed to be perfect  weather  about nasty surprise. After 35 years what's the reason. We just have to  La Nina  year we've done fairly well but over us and that's is producing  weather  that we really haven't said. It ", 'more who come here to enjoy what is supposed to be perfect weather about nasty surprise. After 35 years snowfalls in San Francisco. The rarest of sights not enough to accumulate but enough to make ', "a fluke of mother nature what's the reason. We just have to La Nina year we've done fairly well but now we've -- this hold. Air from Canada that usually gets the upper midwest back East New York in those areas slipped down right right down the West Coast and right over us and that's is producing weather that we really haven't said. It is some of the coldest conditions here in more than thirty years. Now the movie stars ", "what's causing all wild  weather . The went to warm up as took full advantage of the  weather . Several factors causing Pacific waters known as  La Nina  are pushing the jet further causing mild dry  weather  in the south and southwest ", "up. ABC's Duarte Geraldine -- has more what's causing all -- wild weather . The went to warm up as many people in the midwest and plains states wondering where MI fitness like Florida and it's ", "Three audited current featured. Golfers in Missouri took full advantage of the weather . Several factors -- causing this winter warm up. Cooler Pacific waters known as La Nina are pushing the jet -- further -- causing mild dry weather in the south and southwest. And then there's Arctic oscillation index like offense strapping cold weather keeping the midwest warm that fans can unexpectedly still cold air south. Scientists say global warming is also playing a role while the strange weather pattern is a blessing -- -- It's a gift from god no frost -- -- to deal with warming is expected to ", "you want to know why. Blame that on  La Nina  the whole point is there's been a very wet  weather  pattern there and of course we've had a really than usual  weather  pattern here's if you wanna sound ", "since 1974. And if you want to know why. Blame that on La Nina the whole point is there's been a very wet weather pattern there and of course we've had a really -- than usual weather pattern here's if you wanna -- sound smart this morning just blame whatever it is. On Monday Robbins or -- and write ", 'almost three dozen states with cold  weather  warnings there this cold is dangerous ten people put the map and sub zero  weather  and they will fall start to have very this was caused in part by cooling  La Nina  in the Pacific and warned global warming ', "Canada they come from. This morning almost three dozen states with cold weather warnings there this cold is dangerous. Warming sinners like these on Chicago's south side are refuge for those who don't have -- Did you know extreme cold can be more dangerous than the hottest summer temperatures. The problem is the cold hurt you much more rapidly and much more uniformly you can put a number of folks out and in the desert. Many of them will do fine you can take ten people put the map and sub zero weather and they will fall start to have very serious side effects -- ultimately died. Even people who seem to be ready for "]