['The  Galapagos Islands  which straddle the equator Pacific 600 miles west of  Ecuador  pretty remote. But not nearly United Nations. And why the  Galapagos  are called living laboratory Kaufmann ABC news on the  Galapagos Islands .', 'The Galapagos Islands which straddle the equator in the Pacific 600 miles west of Ecuador pretty remote. But not nearly as remote as they used to be tourists are flocking to the once pristine setting. Jeffrey Kaufman ', 'valedictorian who disappeared on vacation, hiking in  ecuador . He is being called a kidnapping victim. And his parents And emotions come up. Reporter: Later today, the  ecuadorian  government is expected to offer a reward for information ', "mystery of a high school valedictorian who disappeared on vacation, hiking in ecuador . He is being called a kidnapping victim. And his parents spoke out exclusively to abc news. Abc's david right has the story. ", "to cuba, apparently en route to  ecuador . Countries only too glad to defy Late today, the foreign minister of  ecuador  said snowden requested political that snowden's been in the care of  ecuadorian  diplomats, who are expected to escort ", 'is booked on a flight tomorrow to cuba, apparently en route to ecuador . Countries only too glad to defy the u.S. Late today, the foreign minister of ecuador said snowden requested political asylum in his country. Now, not only has snowden evaded the u.S. Arrest warrant, but he is defecting ', '"Nightline" goes on the trail with August Reiger\'s family in their desperate search to find him.', "you can, doesn't he have to land there where americans could get help nabbing him? Reporter: That's his problem.  Ecuador , venezuela, nicaragua said that they would take snowden if he could get there. And the flight from moscow to havana ", "there where americans could get help nabbing him? Reporter: That's his problem. Ecuador , venezuela, nicaragua said that they would take snowden if he could get there. And the flight from moscow to havana, his likely ", "Darwin's first visited the  Galapagos Islands  and 1835 and He wrote that retrained and brought to the  Galapagos Islands  and  Ecuador . Their job to sniff and saved shark has gotten so bad in the  Galapagos Islands  that officials have called ", 'is destroying nature. These dogs have been retrained and brought to the Galapagos Islands and Ecuador . Their job to sniff and saved from extinction. These endangered animals which Charles Darwin studied while researching his groundbreaking work evolutionary biology called the origin of the species. Today Darwin might be turning in his grave trying to write a new book titled origin of the endangered species. The black marketing of exotic animals and animal parts like shark -- has gotten so bad in the Galapagos Islands that officials have called in -- super noses. The goal. Behind incorporating all the dogs and that they stop. Controls being used ', "Darwin's first visited the  Galapagos Islands  and 1835 and He wrote that retrained and brought to the  Galapagos Islands  and  Ecuador . Their job to sniff and say shark has gotten so bad in the  Galapagos Islands . That officials have called ", "is destroying nature. These dogs have been retrained and brought to the Galapagos Islands and Ecuador . Their job to sniff and say from extinction. These endangered animals which Charles Darwin studied while researching his groundbreaking work evolutionary biology called the origin of the species. Today Darwin might be turning in his grave trying to write a new book titled origin of the endangered species. The black marketing of exotic animals and animal parts like shark -- has gotten so bad in the Galapagos Islands . That officials have called in the super noses. The goal. Behind incorporating all the dogs and that they stop. Controls being he's ", 'much as on the land the  Galapagos  marine iguana is the is easy to see why the  Galapagos Islands  were named the very first tourists visiting the  Galapagos  each year last year there perception. That that  Ecuador  has messed it up here ', "fifty years ago. Long before tourism began there's a perception. That that Ecuador has messed it up here. Is that fair I would -- flu deaths affair that it with a has mishap with the level of thinking that the war has messed up with -- That I wouldn't say is that the perceptions of reality. And to be fair Ecuador is doing a lot that He is right to protect the Galapagos . Tourism is increasingly tightly controlled. Just 84 votes are licensed to land on the islands. Most to come here bring with them ", "from the webcast the  Galapagos Islands  which straddle the equator Pacific 600 miles west of  Ecuador  pretty remote. But United Nations. Why the  Galapagos  are called are living Kaufmann ABC news on the  Galapagos Islands . And that's it for ", 'part of the proceeds to research. And finally from the webcast the Galapagos Islands which straddle the equator in the Pacific 600 miles west of Ecuador pretty remote. But not nearly as remote as they used to be tourists are flocking to the once pristine setting. Jeffrey Kaufman ', "Nicolas Entel, director of the documentary 'Yasuni', talks about effects of oil drilling in  Ecuador .", "New York meanwhile the president of  Ecuador  has come to say. That he got a phone vice president Joseph Biden asking  Ecuador  not to grant Snowden asylum let's right now you talk about the present  Ecuador  he says that his represented Haven't ", "European Union in Washington. And in New York meanwhile the president of Ecuador has come -- to say. That he got a phone call from vice president Joseph Biden asking Ecuador not to grant Snowden asylum let's bring in George Stephanopoulos -- -- More out all of this it would and he says ", "where it's. Getting snowed in right now you talk about the present Ecuador he says that his represented -- Haven't spoken to him since Thursday and looks like he's still in that limbo for some time. In Moscow -- we want to know where he is. What he's going to do and where he's gonna try to go. From here how much more there is to be release and also more about -- -- situation he's now been. Holed up in the Ecuadoran embassy in London for more than a year. Can be very -- television's morning very quickly before we let you go. The the president Ecuador got this call phone call from Joseph Biden and pretty -- make no ground. That's not not at all they said the ", "trying to fly to cuba and get political asylum in  ecuador . Here in london,  ecuador  already provides another famous whistleblower safe state to stop the publication process. Reporter:  Ecuador  says it can't consider granting snowden asylum ", "but he's trying to fly to cuba and get political asylum in ecuador . Here in london, ecuador already provides another famous whistleblower safe haven. Wikileaks founder julian assange has been holed up in the embassy for 377 days. But ", "can't be pressured by any state to stop the publication process. Reporter: Ecuador says it can't consider granting snowden asylum unless he gets to ecuador or one of its embassies. But russia won't let him leave the airport. So, snowden may be stuck, but he's free to ", "with guidance. They are pushing  ecuador  to grant him asylum, some say as yesterday, pery called the president of  ecuador  trying to pressure him. That's perspective with the allegation of  ecuador  is involved in mass transnational ", 'hong kong to russia and provided him with guidance. They are pushing ecuador to grant him asylum, some say as the latest provocation of the u.S. He has long been a prickly thorn in the ', "passport. Joseph biden, the day before yesterday, pery called the president of ecuador trying to pressure him. That's not acceptable. Asylum is a right that we all have. It's an international right. The united states ", "so we've got to keep things in perspective with the allegation of ecuador is involved in mass transnational surveillance or assassination programs or so on. ", "you're talking with something like  ecuador , there is an enormous irony, of course, because  ecuador  was one of the worst records when There is an extradition treaty with  ecuador , by the way, but there are exceptions ", "that he's talking about going to. When you're talking with something like ecuador , there is an enormous irony, of course, because ecuador was one of the worst records when it comes to freedom of the press. Last week they passed a law where human rights watch was blasting them for assaulting free speech. So he's definitely going to places that he thinks that the u.S. Will not be able to get him from. There is an extradition treaty with ecuador , by the way, but there are exceptions when it's a political incident and no question that he will be relying on that ", 'to extradite. If snowden goes to  ecuador , the u.S. Does have an extradition treaty, but  ecuador  has a sometimes prickly relationship the western hemisphere, including  ecuador  that snowden is being sought on felony ', "other issues, not just the request to extradite. If snowden goes to ecuador , the u.S. Does have an extradition treaty, but ecuador has a sometimes prickly relationship with the u.S. It is in eck ka door's london embassy that wikileaks founder julian assange has taken refuge. Tonight, the u.S. Is warning nations in the western hemisphere, including ecuador that snowden is being sought on felony charges and should not be allowed to travel through their countries unless it is to ", "information we have in terms of where it snowed in May be We Cuba  Ecuador . Anything now. Well that's the nine dollar question had been original theories that he might be heading to  Ecuador  and you know that the White House has been in some conversations ", "terms of where it snowed in May be -- We -- Cuba Ecuador . Anything now. Well that's the nine dollar question people knew where he was that's of whatever went looking for we heard as -- -- we -- that he was exposed on a flight. From Moscow to -- van and then from Havana down to act -- -- we know that he is not gotten on that flight the White House believes that he is currently in Moscow now so where he's headed next -- is still -- you know everyone's gas. But that was the current had been original theories that he might be heading to Ecuador and you know that the White House has been in some conversations with with authorities -- there as well. -- -- -- ", "gate. Even though he had checked in. Snowden is trying to make his way from russia, to cuba and then  ecuador  for political asylum.  Ecuador 's embassy in london ALREADY SERVEs AS A SAFE HAVEN For another u.S. Target, wikileaks founder julian ", "is trying to make his way from russia, to cuba and then ecuador for political asylum. Ecuador's embassy in london ALREADY SERVEs AS A SAFE HAVEN For another u.S. Target, wikileaks founder julian assange who said his group helped ", "US soil Edwards noted may have an interest in going to  Ecuador  but is passports been revoked he's apparently in limbo to go from Los. Out to Havana and from Havana down to  Ecuador . But right now he as we mentioned he's stuck in the ", "Boy, edward snowden, the top of every trend all through the weekend and now no one has any idea where he is. Headed to  ecuador . Didn't get on the plane. Didn't get on the plane. Stuck in the airport. Apparently -- I think putin loves this ", "and now no one has any idea where he is. Headed to ecuador . Didn't get on the plane. Didn't get on the plane. Stuck in the airport. Apparently -- I think putin loves this. And ", 'associated press reporters sent this picture of his seat empty, 17a. Snowden had hoped to fly to cuba and then on to  ecuador  where he had requested political asylum. American authorities thought they had snowden boxed in in hong kong, but officials ', '17a. Snowden had hoped to fly to cuba and then on to ecuador where he had requested political asylum. American authorities thought they had snowden boxed in in hong kong, but officials there said the ']