['be filed, down from 382,000 in the prior week. The weak prior reading was blamed on disruptions related to  Tropical Storm Isaac . The lower the claims number, the more bullish it is, because it suggests the labor market is firming up. While ', 'be filed, down from 382,000 in the prior week. The weak prior reading was blamed on disruptions related to  Tropical Storm Isaac . The lower the claims number, the more bullish it is, because it suggests the labor market is firming up. While ', 'Director Lee Daniels Says Mariah Carey Is A Complete Psychotic Diva! He Means It In The Best Way Possible Of Course', '7th anniversary of one of the biggest national tragedies in our country -- Hurricane Katrina -- were it not for  Tropical Storm Isaac  falling on the same day. In-between-year anniversary dates matter little to the news media, or to the general ', "Andy Newman/Florida Keys News Bureau A rare turtle that washed ashore on the U.S. Virgin Islands during  Tropical Storm Isaac  and was flown to Florida for treatment at Turtle Hospital is making improvement. The turtle's condition is still ", "GMA' Amid Promises to 'Keep Seat Warm' Roberts traveled to the family's home, which had been in the path of  Tropical Storm Isaac , Thursday with her older sister, Sally-Ann Roberts , who has been in New York City preparing to be the bone ", '12:35 p.m. ET: DEVELOPING: Heavy rainfall from  Tropical Storm Isaac  is threatening a dam in Tangipahoa Parish in Southern Mississippi, leading local officials to order a mass evacuation. Keep checking ', 'As slow-moving  tropical storm Isaac  moved away from New Orleans, some surrounding areas of Louisiana will see almost two feet of rain by the end of the week causing ', 'Even as Lousiana residents recover from the impact of  Tropical Storm Isaac , investors Wednesday will continue to assess which stocks will be affected. Stocks in the insurance, gaming and energy industries ', 'After making landfall in southeastern Louisiana, the center of Hurricane Isaac has moved back out to sea and expected to make another landfall around 2 a.m. near Grand Isle, LA., according to the National Hurricane Center. As of 11 p.m. ET, the storm was currently about 75 miles southeast of New', 'As President Obama headed out on another campaign swing, he made sure to let everyone know that  Tropical Storm Isaac , which is barreling toward the Gulf Coast, is very much on his mind. "Now is not the time to tempt fate. Now is not the time ', 'storm bring the first rains to city: Credit: Brandon Baur/ABC 10:19 a.m. ET : All eyes continue to monitor  Tropical Storm Isaac , which is on the brink of becoming a Cat. 1 hurricane. But forecasters are more concerned about rainfall and ', "the monster storm in the atlantic.  Tropical storm isaac  is battering haiti with torrential rain. It's let's get the very latest on the strength of  tropical storm isaac  and where it's heading next from abc meteorologist ", "the monster storm in the atlantic. Tropical storm isaac is battering haiti with torrential rain. It's now set to head straight for florida, as it grows into a hurricane. Our extreme ", "Thank you. Now, let's get the very latest on the strength of tropical storm isaac and where it's heading next from abc meteorologist, ginger zee. Good morning, ginger. Good morning, everyone. The most important thing is that ", 'continuous updates that local. And the national thank you. Again that was the president speaking about the plans as  tropical storm .  Isaac  makes its way toward the Gulf Coast expected as he said to make landfall later today we want to bring any BC political ', 'thank you. Again that was the president speaking about the plans as tropical storm . Isaac makes its way toward the Gulf Coast expected as he said to make landfall later today we want to bring any BC ', 'The big question now, what could  tropical storm isaac  mean for the republican national convention which like this, could be under water. This morning,  tropical storm isaac  is lashing into haiti and the dominican republic ', "The big question now, what could tropical storm isaac mean for the republican national convention which starts monday in tampa. Abc's matt gutman has the latest on all that for us. ", "walkways at the convention like this, could be under water. This morning, tropical storm isaac is lashing into haiti and the dominican republic. And its winds are downing trees in puerto rico. 600 miles across, it's the ", 'Tropical storm Isaac  is gaining strength heading towards South Florida even track it all overnight. And some unexpected moves from overnight in kind ', 'Tropical storm Isaac is gaining strength heading towards South Florida -- even track it all overnight. And some unexpected moves from -- overnight in kind ', 'tropical storm isaac . Team coverage this morning. Sam, it looks less likely it will score a direct hit on tampa and the republican convention. But ', 'tropical storm isaac . Team coverage this morning. Sam, it looks less likely it will score a direct hit on tampa and the republican convention. But ', 'And now, we turn to the latest on that giant storm, isaac. It is now 675 miles wild, tde, the size of texas. Here is the projection. It will hit haiti tonight, then cuba this weekend. By monday, the florida keys. Unleashing wind and rain on the republic national convention in tampa on thursday,', "More on this story coming up. We're going start here with  tropical storm isaac , check out the map. The storm churning off the coast right now. Heading up into the hot waters of the gulf where it will gather ", "More on this story coming up. We're going start here with tropical storm isaac , check out the map. The storm churning off the coast right now. Heading up into the hot waters of the gulf where "]