["weather reports regularly to make sure they don't need to evacuate ahead of an approaching storm. In August 2011,  Hurricane Irene  closed the only road across a bridge to the island, N.C. Highway 12, for weeks, and Superstorm Sandy did the ", "weather reports regularly to make sure they don't need to evacuate ahead of an approaching storm. In August 2011,  Hurricane Irene  closed the only road across a bridge to the island, N.C. Highway 12, for weeks, and Superstorm Sandy did the ", "weather reports regularly to make sure they don't need to evacuate ahead of an approaching storm. In August 2011,  Hurricane Irene  closed the only road across a bridge to the island, N.C. Highway 12, for weeks, and Superstorm Sandy did the ", "Here's an ABC Health story debunking that myth .  Hurricane Irene  Was God's Warning to Politicians It cost 56 lives in damages in the United States, but a week after  Hurricane Irene  rocked the Gulf Coast, Bachmann told an audience ", "Here's an ABC Health story debunking that myth .  Hurricane Irene  Was God's Warning to Politicians It cost 56 lives in damages in the United States, but a week after  Hurricane Irene  rocked the Gulf Coast, Bachmann told an audience ", 'dollars, according to a Brookings estimate. No hurricane on record has been wider in terms of geographic scope.  Hurricane Irene  - August 2011 The storm that devastated parts of North Carolina and the mid-Atlantic coast cost at least $10 billion ', 'State Engineer Praised Employer After Hurricane Irene , Then Was Forced to Retire', 'newspaper in upstate New York, about  Hurricane Irene . Chris Knight, a reporter with employer over its preparation for  Hurricane Irene . The newspaper printed a quote speaking with the media about  Hurricane Irene , Fayette said it seemed contradictory ', 'epic storm called Sandy, several images went viral. One of the most shocking is this satellite comparison between  Hurricane Irene  and Sandy. If you weren\'t freaking out about this "Monster Storm" before, once you saw the magnitude of it ', 'offered similar guidance during past natural disasters, though it is too early to tell how customer damage compares to  Hurricane Irene  or other past events, said Tom Goyda, vice president of corporate communications for Wells Fargo Home Mortgage ', "for Irene and many hurricanes before and unlike other Big Apple residents, I didn't consider any of them busts.  Hurricane Irene  left my tiny second floor Corona, Queens apartment damp from cheap carpet and a drippy ceiling. I know how moderate ", "was rapidly approaching my car. That surprised me. Was this the first hurricane you had photographed? I covered  Hurricane Irene  last year, but that didn't require too much effort - Sandy was much more intense, comparatively speaking. Those ", 'electricity. That number now has been cut down by half. A million get their power back each day - better than after  Hurricane Irene . On Long Island, one crew had been working 16-hour days repairing a downed line for powerless residents. The ', "Channel's website got close to a half-billion page views Monday, more than double what it got during its coverage of  Hurricane Irene  last year, according to the New York Post. Netflix : In anticipation of the Hurricane, New York magazine's cultural ", "does it go from there here's ABC's Matt for our coverage. A hurricane I read. As menacing as city's massive  hurricane Irene  global over the Bahamas today homes like rover toppling trees. And ripping boats went out of the water hurricane ", "for our coverage. A hurricane I read. As menacing as city's massive hurricane Irene global over the Bahamas today -- -- homes like rover toppling trees. And ripping boats went out of the water hurricane photographer ", "program I'm Jake Tapper Christiane will be back next week lots to get to today. And the new morning papers is that  hurricane Irene  is now bearing down on the nation's largest metropolitan area. New York has not seen a storm like this since the ", "to get to today. And the new -- morning papers is that hurricane Irene is now bearing down on the nation's largest metropolitan area. New York has not seen a storm like this since the 1980s "]