['It was Russia -- not Spain -- who looked like the strongest team in Group B on Sunday. Beyond that, the biggest revelations of Olympic basketball group play may need...', 'Zenit St Petersburg supporters call on club to start fielding all-white, non-gay team', 'Fans of two-time defending Russian champion Zenit St. Petersburg are calling for non-white and gay players to be excluded from the team.Landscrona, the largest Zenit...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", 'Chase Budinger scored 14 of his 16 points in the second half as the Minnesota Timberwolves handed the Brooklyn Nets their first loss at the Barclays Center with a 10...', 'The Minnesota Timberwolves open their 2012-13 campaign Friday night at home against the Sacramento Kings.This season offered such promise for the T-Wolves. Last seas...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Washington Capitals forward Alexander Ovechkin has signed with Dynamo Moscow of Russia's Kontinental Hockey League on Wednesday.Ovechkin, who turned 27 on Monday, is...", 'Fans of two-time defending Russian champion Zenit St. Petersburg are calling for non-white and gay players to be excluded from the team.Landscrona, the largest Zenit...', 'Group BInter Milan, CSKA Moscow, Lille, TrabzonsporInter Milan won the Champions League two years ago. They had The Special One coaching them, a guy named Wesley Sne...', 'Group BInter Milan, CSKA Moscow, Lille, TrabzonsporInter Milan won the Champions League two years ago. They had The Special One coaching them, a guy named Wesley Sne...', "Alan Dzagoev scored a goal in each half in Russia's masterful display of attacking soccer to beat the Czech Republic 4-1 in their European Championship Group A opene...", "Czech Republic goalkeeper Petr Cech is almost universally recognized as one of the best players at his position in the world, which he reaffirmed during Chelsea's ru...", "Inter Milan captain Javier Zanetti is hopeful he and his team-mates will find their feet after a slow start to the new campaign.Gian Piero Gasperini's men host Roma ...", 'FC Porto will put its perfect record in Russia on the line when it visits Zenit St. Petersburg on Wednesday in Group G of the Champions League.Porto, which won the E...', "Alexander Radulov's second stint in Nashville has officially concluded.The embattled Russian winger signed a four-year contract with CSKA Moscow in the Kontinental H...", "Manchester City was out-gunned in it's Champion's League match with Bayern Munich on Tuesday, but when Man City manager Roberto Mancini called on last year's leading...", "Manchester United are following the progress of Juventus midfielder Milos Krasic , according to the player's agent.Krasic scored seven goals for the club last season...", 'Brazilian soccer legend Zico has signed a year contract to become the coach of Iraq .The 58-year-old replaces Wolfgang Sidka at the helm and he will immediately take...']