['Interior designer Erin Gates recommends using your personal look as inspiration for home decor. If you like wearing white lace, you can translate that aesthetic to your living quarters by mimicking patterns and colors from your closet.', 'Fresh plants and flowers bring life to a room and can complement your chosen color palette.', 'Does an older family member have aged furniture you can update and incorporate into your decor? Take advantage of their generosity and fix up the piece.', 'Swap out accessories to reflect the current trends: throw pillows, rugs and lamps can easily be updated to match your style.', 'Pair vintage home features like a marble fireplace with modern art for a sharp contrast and marriage of eras.', 'Hit estate sales for vintage finds like this baroque Louis XV Rococo style chair, which you can have reupholstered to suit your style.', "(CNN) -- With warm weather under way, there's no better time to update your living quarters. But how do you turn your home into a space that reflects your personality?", 'Interior design expert Erin Gates, founder and editor of popular lifestyle blog "Elements of Style," recommends looking in your wardrobe closet for inspiration. Whether she\'s decorating a sailboat in San Francisco or a studio apartment in Boston, Gates looks for parallels between fashion and popular interiors. "The trends translate between the two seamlessly," Gates says.', "Overcoming the builder-grade countertops, mass-manufactured lighting, and drab white walls can seem like a challenge, especially if you're on a budget. Where do you start?", "1. Shop vintage or rummage through your parents' or grandparents' furniture. With a fresh coat of paint or new upholstery, something you grew up with could fit beautifully into your space and tell a story.", "2. Just as fashion is ever-changing, you can keep your home in pace with trends, but be sparing about it. Keep the investment pieces simple -- sofas, beds and dining tables -- and swap out accessories like throw pillows, rugs and lamps to reflect the current trends. Keep your space looking timeless so you won't tire of it in six months. It's much easier to toss a peplum top than a brass chair.", '3. To help feel stimulated, make inspiration boards either virtually or from fashion and decor magazine clippings, she suggests. Are you seeing similar colors, patterns, and shapes? This should give you a good idea of what would make you happy in your space.', "Don't miss out on the conversation we're having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest stories and tell us what's influencing your life.", '4. As far as your home goes, gray is still the hottest neutral color, use brass instead of chrome, large-scale photography, blush or light mint green as accent colors and add a potted ficus tree somewhere. Bringing live greenery inside adds so much life.', "5. Buy the best you can afford once instead of spending poorly three times. We've all bought something cheap because we didn't want to save up for what we really wanted, and then we end up buying it anyway when the first thing falls apart. You end up spending more than you would have if you just bought what you wanted in the first place.", "CNN Living reflects your life. From advice for modern parents to the freshest news in food: It's all here.", "A fireplace isn't just a spot to keep logs and kindling. According to decorators and design enthusiasts, it's where you put your heart on display.", 'Nathan Berrong takes us on a tasty tour of the beers that can cool off your summer.', 'Go easy on yourself, let William do his fair share and check under your fingernails! Moms dish on what the Duchess can expect with new motherhood.', 'Every wedding is unique but most planning problems are universal. Experts share insights on how to say "no" gracefully but firmly.', "Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Your choice isn't made in a vacuum under the lights of a fitting room. ", "San Diego Comic-Con is a natural space for talking about harassment in geek culture, says Carrie Goldman, moderator of the con's first anti-bullying panel."]