["The Pittsburgh Pirates hope to take advantage of the hitting struggles by the Washington Nationals and sweep a four-game series Thursday afternoon.The Nats, who have lost six in a row and 11 of their last 13 games, just can't seem to get the clutch hit. They are 6-for-81 (.074) with men in scoring position over their last 13 contests.The level of futility has given the Pirates a chance to complete a four-game road whitewash of the Nationals/Expos franchise for the first time since June 23-26, 1988 in Montreal.A.J. Burnett will get the ball today for the Pirates with a chance to hold down the Nats. The right-hander is 8-3 all-time in his career against the Nationals franchise in 16 games (15 starts), but recently it's been tough going for the veteran.Burnett has just one victory in his last 10 starts and that came June 8 at Wrigley Field. He allowed 10 hits and five runs -- two earned -- in 5 2/3 innings in a defeat at Cincinnati on Saturday. He has allowed two earned runs or less in al...", 'The Pittsburgh Pirates activated starting pitcher A.J. Burnett from the 15-day disabled list Sunday.Burnett will make his return on Sunday against the Chicago Cubs, ...', 'A.J. Burnett comes off the disabled list Sunday to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates against the Chicago Cubs in the rubber match of a three- game series at Wrigley Field....', 'Andrew McCutchen delivered a game-tying home run in the sixth, then knocked in the go-ahead score an inning later to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates over the New York Me...', 'The Pittsburgh Pirates will head into the All-Star break with their highest win total in more than 40 years and Sunday they can complete a three-game sweep of the Ne...', 'Carlos Torres takes the place of Matt Harvey in the rotation Saturday night for the New York Mets as they continue a three-game set against the Pittsburgh Pirates at...', 'Dioner Navarro and the Chicago Cubs capitalized on a pair of Pittsburgh Pirates errors to earn a 4-3 win in 11 innings in the rubber match of a three-game series.Aft...', 'Yankees and Pirates progressing toward trade that would send AJ Burnett  to Pittsburgh', 'The New York Yankees and Pirates have made progress toward a trade that would send much-maligned pitcher A.J. Burnett to Pittsburgh.Pittsburgh would pay at least $10...', 'Person familiar with talks tells AP: Yankees agree to trade AJ Burnett  to Pirates', 'The Yankees agreed Friday to trade much maligned pitcher A.J. Burnett to Pittsburgh for two minor leaguers, a deal that clears the way New York to add Raul Ibanez.Pi...', 'Felix Hernandez scattered six hits and Jesus Montero broke a tie with a solo home run in the seventh inning off A.J. Burnett to help the Seattle Mariners beat the Pi...', 'A.J. Burnett knew his margin for error was slim. It tends to happen when the other guy on the mound is one of the best pitchers in baseball.Yet Burnett was nearly fl...', "Pittsburgh Pirates starter Jeff Locke was held out of the All-Star game due to lower back soreness. Sunday, he'll try to get back on the winning track after seeing h...", 'Rojos 5, Piratas 4; cubano Chapman se lleva su 23er salvamento al vencer a Pittsburgh', "Joey Votto's bases-loaded walk in the sixth inning brought home Zack Cosart with the winning run, and Cincinnati claimed a 5-4 decision over Pittsburgh in the middle...", 'Mat Latos will try to avenge his lone home loss of the season on Saturday when the Cincinnati Reds resume a three-game series versus the Pittsburgh Pirates at Great ...', "A.J. Burnett prepared for his opening-day start by allowing two runs and two hits in 4 2-3 innings Saturday in the Pittsburgh Pirates' 5-4 loss to the Minnesota Twin...", 'The Yankees and Pirates completed a trade Sunday that sends the much-maligned pitcher A.J. Burnett to Pittsburgh for a pair of minor leaguers. New York is also givin...']