["Prime Minister David Cameron makes a speech to the Alzheimer's Society, March 26, 2012 in London, England.  (Mark Richards/Getty Images)", 'Mark Richards/Getty ImagesPrime Minister David Cameron makes a speech... View Full Size', "Mark Richards/Getty ImagesPrime Minister David Cameron makes a speech to the Alzheimer's Society, March 26, 2012 in London, England.", '\t\t\t\t\t\t\tAt Least 78 Dead in Spain Train Derailment, Worst in 4 Decades Watch Video', '"We all know how it works," he said in 2010 in a speech in east London. "The lunches, the hospitality, the quiet word in your ear? I believe that secret corporate lobbying, like the expenses scandal, goes to the heart of why people are so fed up with politics? An issue that exposes the far-too-cozy relationship between politics, government, business and money."', 'During that speech, Cameron pledged to shine "the light of transparency" on lobbying so that politicians come "clean about who is buying power and influence."', "The video of Cruddas, Cameron's critics argued, suggested that his Cameron's party has flouted that promise. Cruddas' own words seem to suggest that donors could get immediate access if they offered enough money, quickly.", '"Things will open up for you. But you need to go in" ? and here he makes a motion with his hand urging the undercover reporters to begin with a large donation ? "It\'s no good scratching around; \'10 grand now, and we\'ll send you 5 grand.\' Minimum, 100 grand. Minimum."', 'Cruddas\' promises seem to echo those made on the official Conservative Party website. For the equivalent of $79,000, donors become part of the "Leader\'s Group." "Members are invited to join David Cameron and other senior figures from the Conservative Party at dinners, post-PMQ lunches, drinks receptions, election result events and important campaign launches," the website promises.', 'Today, Cameron promised to tighten rules restricting when donors are allowed to offer advice on policy and limit individual political donations to $79,000. His allies continued to argue that access for donors does not equate to policy change -- and that Cruddas was not following party rules. Cruddas only held his post, they said, for a month before resigning.', '"The key thing to say about Peter Cruddas is that actually what he was saying was both wrong and not true," Francis Maude, whose role as Cabinet Minister is similar to that of the White House Chief of Staff, argued on British network ITV. "He had been told that there are very strict rules around how you raise money and he was off on a bit of private enterprise there."', "The money raised and spent by political parties in the United Kingdom has risen in recent years, but is a fraction to that spent in the United States. Cameron's Conservative Party spent about $26 million during the 2010 elections, double the amount spent by Labour. During the U.S. election this year, President Obama is expected to raise at least $1 billion.", "Key Figure in Hacking Scandal Reported Dead British PM in 'Cash-for-Access' ScandalDavid Cameron's PDA on White House LawnAt Least 78 Dead in Spain Train Derailment, Worst in 4 DecadesPope Francis' Brazil Trip Raises Security ConcernsRussia Might Grant Snowden Temporary Asylum", 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']