['given security to enable them to enjoy their basic right to be educated." The UN\'s special envoy for global education,  Gordon Brown , asked for international action to ensure that Nazli was not killed in vain. "No one should be shot for wanting to go ', 'wrote an oped declaring "We are Malala," and pop superstar Madonna recently dedicated a concert to the young girl.  Gordon Brown , the UN Special Envoy for Education, has taken up Yousafzai\'s cause, starting a global movement pushing for girls to have free ', 'prevent Libyan forces from bombing civilians. I support that." But noting that President Obama had joined UK  Prime Minister Gordon Brown  and French President Nicolas Sarkozy in an op-ed that said "to succeed, Qaddafi must go and go for good ', 'displayed what some might call questionable judgment when he tweeted a photo of himself driving while brandishing a handgun.  Gordon ,  Brown  and the Houston family will appear together on an upcoming reality series for Lifetime, "The Houstons: On Our Own ', 'more Atlanticist". Mr Obama has appeared less interested in relations with London than Mr Bush. He repeatedly rebuffed  Gordon Brown  when the then-prime minister sought a meeting at the UN in 2009 and was criticised for responding to an elaborate gift ', 'thousands of dollars worth of watches and jewelry.  Gordon Brown  Gives Better Than He Gets category: March 2009 In March 2009, then-British  Prime Minister Gordon Brown  presented Obama with a series of gifts that were ', 'media. HACKERGATE: EX-PRIME MINISTER ON THE STAND British Chancellor George Osborne and former British  Prime Minister Gordon Brown  are giving evidence at the Leveson Inquiry into press standards today. Their appearances begin a week during ', 'Louisville non-profit that cares for medically fragile children. "He is beloved by his family and the staff here," said  Gordon Brown , president and CEO off Home of the Innocents. "He\'s one of those kids that always has a smile on his face." Brown ', 'attendance at today\'s speech were Prime Minister David Cameron, members of his Cabinet, former prime ministers Tony Blair and  Gordon Brown  and Labor leader Ed Miliband. "I have been privileged to witness some of that history and, with the support of my family ', 'President Obama Gives UK Prime Minister Cameron a Custom-Made 100% Made in America Grill', 'couple gave the Obamas " a silver-framed, signed photograph of themselves .") Another 2009 gift to then- Prime Minister Gordon Brown  e Brown of a box set of 25 DVDs of great American movies as picked by the American Film Institute was assailed ', "Big news out of London today  Prime Minister Gordon Brown  went to Buckingham Palace and full official caravan it's best days still lie ahead. Just an hour earlier  Gordon Brown  took one final drive his prime minister to the palace ", 'Big news out of London today Prime Minister Gordon Brown went to Buckingham Palace and full official caravan. And when He left minutes later He was no longer the leader of the ', "British  Prime Minister Gordon Brown  says he's stepping down following rebel Democrats and a being.  Gordon Brown  is from now the witnesses that will not going to element with  Gordon Brown  hence the resignation. Announcement ", "British Prime Minister Gordon Brown says he's stepping down following huge upset in the recent elections in BC's Sonya guy a joins me now. From London with ", "Britain's austerity plan. Joining me now to discuss the global economy growth unemployment is the former British  Prime Minister Gordon Brown  also former chancellor of the Exchequer. What's known here as the Treasury Secretary thank you for joining ", "now to discuss the global economy growth unemployment is the former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown also former chancellor of the Exchequer. What's known here as the Treasury Secretary thank you for joining -- -- You and you ", 'support to mourn. Mystic tendon in his building education class initiative. And I want the UN inspection and going mr.  Gordon brown . And respected by the independent assembly I think of him forget he did she did they continue to get. continue to inspire ', 'education class initiative. And I want the UN inspection and going mr. Gordon brown . And respected by the independent assembly -- -- I think of him forget he did she did they continue to get. -- ', "pressure on Iran to end its nuclear program British  Prime Minister Gordon Brown  says Britain will now freeze the assets of Iran's Iran. Over its nuclear program with British  Prime Minister Gordon Brown  saying He will impose financial sanctions now ", "and putting some pressure on Iran to end its nuclear program British Prime Minister Gordon Brown says Britain will now freeze the assets of Iran's largest bank. And he's ready to take some further action. ABC's Jonathan Karl is joining us now from London with all the details Jonathan good morning President Bush won Europe's backing today for tighter sanctions on Iran. Over its nuclear program with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown saying He will impose financial sanctions now on Iran. -- this is a significant step -- because it's not just written doing "]