['for slavery from three former colonial powers. The  prime minister  of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is leading the effort.  Prime Minister  Ralph Gonsalves tells The Associated Press that the ', 'what happened. "The situation is grave," said al-Nujaifi, a Sunni who has frequently criticized the Shiite  prime minister , Nouri al-Maliki. "We don\'t know who they are and how dangerous they are, but this situation will be reflected ', "following the murder of leftist politician Chokri Belaid in February. That assassination prompted the resignation of the  prime minister  and a political crisis that nearly derailed Tunisia's transition. The government has blamed Belaid's assassination ", "Turkey's deputy  prime minister  says talks between Israel and Turkey on compensation for the victims of a deadly Israel raid on a Gaza-bound aid flotilla have ", 'been grabbing market share. But Japanese government policies that began late last year called "Abenomics," after  Prime Minister  Shinzo Abe, have weakened the yen. Overall sales for Nissan\'s fiscal first quarter surged 18 percent to 2.23 ', 'southern Okinawa island and an outer island relatively close to the disputed area in the East China Sea. Japanese  Prime Minister  Shinzo Abe expressed concern over the sighting. "It was an unusual action that we have never seen before. We\'ll ', 'as renewed violence in the capital brought despairing pleas for American help. President Bush received Palestinian  Prime Minister  Mahmoud Abbas (mahk-MOOD\' ah-BAHS\') at the White House. Movie director John Schlesinger ("Midnight Cowboy ', 'public, for fear of being accused of meddling in Egypt\'s internal affairs. However, Gaza\'s top Hamas official,  Prime Minister  Ismail Haniyeh, has complained that Egyptian media reports "about Hamas interference in the Egyptian affairs in ', 'with us, but with other countries as well," he said. Biden\'s speech came a day after he held talks with Indian  Prime Minister  Manmohan Singh as part of an effort to upgrade bilateral relations as the U.S. puts more foreign policy emphasis ', "economic aid would be unaffected. Lebanon's outgoing  prime minister , Najib Mikati, expressed disappointment in the bloc's involvement in some and not commented on others. Israeli  Prime Minister  Benjamin Netanyahu thanked the EU ministers for the ", "Japanese broadcasters projected that  Prime Minister  Shinzo Abe's ruling coalition won a majority of house elections in 2007 during his previous stint as  prime minister . Based on exit polls, public broadcaster NHK predicted ", 'wake-up call regarding the legal situation in many other countries," Barth Eide was quoted as saying. Norway\'s  Prime Minister  Jens Stoltenberg wrote on Twitter: "Happy that Marte has been pardoned and that she is a free woman again." Dalelv ', 'At 79, Albert will first sign away his rights as the largely ceremonial ruler of the kingdom in the presence of  Prime Minister  Elio Di Rupo, who holds the political power in this 183-year-old parliamentary democracy. After the morning ', "playing in the news fountains turn blue. You father let it be known and it quotes we could not be happier and the  prime minister  spoke for the country wanted to. Loving couple. We've got a brand new baby The president and the First Lady also ", "be known and it quotes we could not be happier and the prime minister spoke for the country -- -- wanted to. Loving couple. We've got a brand new baby -- The president and the First ", "Following yesterday's announcement. Reacting  prime minister  reacting between issuing a statement. Of course prince the comments that we've heard are. The British  prime minister  David Cameron from the queen who said that she's ", "Prince William was more. A lot of celebration. Following yesterday's announcement. Reacting prime minister reacting between issuing a statement. Of course -- prince charles' grandfather. The duchess of Cornwall Camilla also saying thrilled to be grandparents. ", "their side really the -- comments that we've heard are. The British prime minister David Cameron from the queen who said that she's delighted. And from Prince Charles the father. Of Prince William so we haven't ", "one of morsi's main rivals is expected to be named  prime minister , a move that could divide this country even further elbaradei was reported to be in the running for interim  prime minister . It would be salt in the wound of morsi's supporters ", "This as one of morsi's main rivals is expected to be named prime minister , a move that could divide this country even further. Sadness and rage as thousands gathered for the funeral of four morsi supporters ", "chief mohamed elbaradei was reported to be in the running for interim prime minister . It would be salt in the wound of morsi's supporters who are wondering what their vote means at all. Why in the ", "The  prime minister 's. Convoy was particularly auspicious most. Currently and leaves thrown the United Kingdom. And we have every She will carry ", "The prime minister's . Convoy was particularly auspicious most. Currently -- and leaves thrown the United Kingdom. And we have every -- She will carry back ", "that very clever and how to manage the public image and of course everyone is responding now to the great news the  prime minister  David Cameron tweeting I'm delighted for the duke and duchess now son has been boy in the whole country will celebrate ", "and of course everyone is responding now to the great news the prime minister David Cameron tweeting -- I'm delighted for the duke and duchess now -- son has been boy in the whole country will ", "there's a story out there somewhere. And the royal baby watch has everyone on a hair trigger, even british lawmakers.  Prime minister  david cameron handed a slip of paper during a meeting today. Hush fell over the room. Everyone thought it was baby ", 'royal baby watch has everyone on a hair trigger, even british lawmakers. Prime minister david cameron handed a slip of paper during a meeting today. Hush fell over the room. Everyone thought it was baby news. ', "Reporter: It's hard to imagine an impact from someone so young, just now celebrating turning 16. The former british  prime minister  with a poignant reminder, it was a day that almost didn't come. Let me repeat the words, the words the taliban ", "from someone so young, just now celebrating turning 16. The former british prime minister with a poignant reminder, it was a day that almost didn't come. Let me repeat the words, the words the taliban never "]