['The Pentagon presents Congress with a menu for Syria, Senate races 2014 and big brother at HUD. Chris and guests discuss', "We are at greater risk because -- the emergence of violent extremist organizations as his Iraq you're not answering the question general do you believe that continued cost and risk of our inaction in Syria.  Are now worse for our national security interest.  And the costs and risks associated with limited military action.  And that's fine -- question came from Senator John McCain.  He's a Republican he ran for president a couple of times he is from Arizona.  And he was grilling there.  Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff general Martin Dempsey who was up last week for a -- -- -- And as a tour as chairman of the joint chiefs this is power plant while.  It becomes how we doing it's good to be here I don't know about you but it's -- to be here for me and that's really matters.  The question.  Today is.  Is congress ready to start arming those Syrian rebels what Senator McCain was trying to get -- there is.  Have we delayed in Shelley -- so long and arming the rebels and given al-Qaeda such a foothold there that now it would be just -- good to become directly militarily involved.  In Syria something that.  Very few.  Americans and probably even fewer as a percentage in political Washington would like to do but even so.  Senate committee is now ready to green light president Obama's move start shipping arms directly to these rebels Islamist rebels in Syria.  We will discuss that.  We will also do something you'd like to do I know that the foreign policies that -- -- remember the sometimes elections turn -- that.  What you'd like to do is look ahead to the next elections.  After we get through this 2009 warm up these were images in New Jersey and Virginia -- -- the landscape is changing when it comes control of the United States senate.  We get a couple of experts on the subject we will look at the new map.  As primaries take their shape around the country.  And what about this the Obama administration has come up with some new guidelines new standards for what the racial and ethnic composition of your neighborhood.  Ought to look like you cool with that.  We'll talk about that later in the show we'll do all of that with -- -- good cheer.  -- Cassidy I know because we will make a down payment on all of those things with Matthew -- -- he is the editor in chief of the Washington freebie and welcome back Matthew thanks for having -- Chris so the Syrian rebels nobody really wants to arm them even the president who proposed arming them because.  Did al-Qaeda is in their midst and taken the lead we've seen human rights.  Violations atrocities -- human beings are priest killed trying to defend -- children.  Executed in the streets were last evening Islam Q you're missing the Indiana Jones like eating -- the heart okay they have eight guys are -- that's stating I start I never forget about party it.  So nobody these guys are a not a desirable bunch from an American foreign policy perspective.  That the argument from.  The Obama administration is that there's still preferable to.  Bashar Al Assad the strongman and dictator and his -- a white minority that are still holding out -- -- What -- Well I saved it for years now people are really gonna study the Obama administration's responses of war and Syria -- kind of like.  Policy autopsy of I'm not -- how not to conduct foreign policy.  It is even if you're against intervening now which I think most of America it is.  There may have been there's an argument that there was an opportunity -- off the baton and Mike -- so many of these foreign policy crises or.  Slow rolling crises Obama it is very desultory Eddie.  The very thing that we're discussing about arming of the rebels remember is really something that Obama.  Doesn't want to do I write all of this public pronouncements up to -- private -- -- pronouncements up to this point.  Suggest he doesn't want to become more involved were entangled as you put it in Syria.  But he had to do is simply because of the statements he had made regarding the use of chemical weapons Iran red lines right so got to the point where.  You've been backed into corner under guidelines and so -- had to do something so what he did was a global sense -- -- And and what McCain.  And there's the hawk trio McCain Lindsey Graham Kelly I senator from.  New Hampshire what they had wanted was this sort of -- -- review where you fines.  May be -- likely group.  More moderate islamists.  You go against the government and this -- what we did -- godsey.  Before it gets he took on different significance -- you find a small group.  That include defectors military defectors from the regime.  In this case the -- Virginia -- then you bring in a no fly zone which -- no fly zone used.  Used to mean that you can't fly.  Now what a no fly zone means is we blow up your anti aircraft and other things so that we can fly however we want.  You -- -- -- do the strikes and then you help the rebels get there in Syria they were pushing Obama to do -- he didn't do that and that was McCain says.  -- we might as -- just go ahead and directly militarily intervene because it's so -- now that might not.  McCain has always charging up the -- one hell yeah you know who you mentioned Libya by the arguments -- the administration made to injured Peter Olivia.  Primarily be remembered Obama when he address the American people want to.  You -- is that a question of stopping the impending.  Genocide was what he said or you know mass slaughter in Benghazi and well of course -- -- -- Syria where somebody somewhere between 90000 to 100000.  Human beings have been murdered.  Killed in the civil war.  There's a huge refugee crisis that's affecting Turkey that's affecting.  Jordan that's affecting Lebanon fifth largest city in Jordan now is a breast bared refugee camp inside its borders from this from this and we also see I think that the fact that you know the major.  Jihadist group operating in serious focus on this for fraud and I think their big streak now is also contributing to what we're seeing in Iraq where.  Al-Qaeda in Iraq -- has returned there's no American presence there to -- to help the Iraqis fight against it.  And so we saw this horrendous jailbreak of al-Qaeda terrorists from.  Autograph of -- places just yesterday so.  That it is it is.  Happens by the way from time to time this is not like hey you know this is not that this is not a shocking development in Iraq and the only question that we have when it happened the last time as those this time as.  Was it an inside job or an outside job and somebody let them out or did they break Obama has not adequately explain why.  He would intervene in Libya that not Syria which is far more strategically important.  And -- have far worse effects even realize someone expert -- would.  Quoted in.  The McClatchy article the other day saying that you know by any humanitarian measure even by any geopolitical measure.  There is no worse than a rock critics that -- that one difference is America's not there would you think me churlish.  Decide if I've pointed out that maybe it was the fact that the European Union depends incredibly heavily on Libyan gas and oil to function.  That that may have had something to do with the fact that we had a preemptive.  Intervention to prevent any punitive genocide -- slaughter.  By a guy who wearers who wore leopard skin.  Past.  In the person of Moammar Qaddafi Chris Syria that has nothing anybody wants except for a good location.  Probably history would tell us a bad location.  In between Israel Iraq Iran in a bad neighborhood.  Nobody wants anything Syria has so the genocide goes on there.  I think realist would be better -- okay saying and are also reporting that we know there is a lengthy new Yorker article recently about Obama and Syria where they talked about that you Chris and and in there are one of Obama's advisors -- made it pretty clear that the president only went into Libya because he knew that David Cameron the UK prime minister.  And that -- at the Asarco is disaster -- -- time the president of front of France -- places -- false false -- this Alexander empowering six he's just gonna go win.  So once again you see Obama being just kind of he's just floating on the occur on the -- the world's currents of politics and foreign policy leaving I think.  Ultimately America in serious danger.  Of what.  -- -- -- Well you know when the Middle East is collapsing for your very eyes and it terrorist groups who are proliferating not only in Syria but also in Iraq and now.  We have what we're seeing in Egypt where the Sinai is becoming basically Somalia the sequel right I don't think that makes America safer.  -- All right -- Matthew got Betty he is the editor in chief of the Washington -- -- it is.  -- -- -- Antidote to a much of what happens in the establishment press in this town.  He's -- -- -- the right but he is fair minded and there's just there's I would encourage you to be following the -- and on Twitter is it's a good idea.  Thank you thank you.  All right here we go we're going to take a quick break but when we come back we're going to get down to what you love we're gonna get down two horse race politics it's never too soon and the map for 20s14.  Is definitely taking shape we will have to -- Very expert folks on the subject.  When we come back -- stick around.  And those are the five.  I have human beings well for people in this silhouette of a guy whose -- -- apparently could not find.  Who are cut -- testing at the Republican nomination to replace the retiring Republican senator from Georgia Saxby Chambliss.  This power play welcome back and now look.  The Democrats have a lot of work to do when it comes to 2014 map because they were so successful.  Am it is is that that's how it goes in the United States senate.  Wave elections for the Democrats in 2006 and then 2008.  Help them to.  Healthy majorities in the senate but now they have a lot of candidates who are in states where it's tough.  To hold.  But now they're trying to do that but.  There's good news for Democrats now fratricide may break out soon.  Likely will break out soon in Georgia.  Among the three members of their congressional delegations from secretary of state who are competing on there.  Mitch McConnell has drawn or is about to -- primary challenger -- self styled.  Tea Party guy.  With big bucks in the bank.  In Kentucky so those represent two chances.  Somebody who knows about that.  Is Brian Walsh because he former lady.  Had to explain that whatever happened would be good for the Republican Party when he was a spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee now.  Is that -- and -- yes it is it is this is so now.  He is take a gun for hire rather -- rather than just -- -- in the infantry.  For the Republican Party Brian I've always appreciated.  Your good insights so thanks returns could be was OK so.  Here's the thing.  And we -- mean is there no Democrat was willing to face -- there too afraid.  O'Brien's debut run a -- but actually -- camp most compliment them.  The let's take a look let's start with the -- and here's the map.  These are these the states that you see there in -- South Dakota Montana West Virginia Alaska Arkansas Iowa Louisiana Michigan Minnesota North Carolina and New Hampshire.  Those are states that Democrats are defending.  Then there are three states in red Georgia Kentucky and Maine where Republicans right now are defending.  And in all of those states in the three Republican states.  It will be contingent upon either brutal primary.  Or third party run.  Don't wouldn't you say that in this case you need a third if if the Republican nominee for the Republican nominee to lose in Kentucky.  You would have to have something and you.  -- happens right I think so -- to see the president models.  It's pressure they -- not an -- -- in Georgia for example the other states are trying to go on offense and President Obama actually just lost by a larger -- 2012 that he did in 2008 of its popularity that's another -- it's going the wrong way for the Democrats.  And keep in mind whatever money there's the Democrats the National Democratic Party spending under those two states it's money that's not going into you.  The other six states they need to be defending keep on the majority.  Well the woman that has filed to run in Georgia is -- daughter Sam -- her name is Michelle bombshell.  And she's work for the bush family's points of light foundation down there and Georgia she's.  Styling here is a very much as the heir to her father's very centrist her dad was the centrist centrist Democrat.  And she's basically just gonna -- She -- a low key announcement low -- everything she's gonna hang in wait and see.  If these Republicans succeed in ruin each other so that whoever comes out on the other side is damaged right.  That's probably going to be your strategy however you can't you have the -- -- she doesn't she's she's famous -- -- people large leniency still don't know her.  She's they're Republicans are gonna remind everyone.  First so it.  -- -- if elected will be for Harry.  Now she's -- -- on them all the Harry Reid the coach and Obama they make you you're saying viewed television viewers in Georgia may get a chance to -- some of that if she is a strong supporter of the president's agenda.  Which is vastly unpopular throughout Saint -- so.  She's not give us along.  Okay.  Now Republicans.  Now there's talk that Mary Landry got in Louisiana might actually just end up -- And and that's a possibility.  Iowa home of the races that are left there South Dakota looks like a good -- for Republicans.  Montana to.  Looks like a good bad and the the that looks gives -- West Virginia looks good but what about Alaska that's going to be pretty tough because there's another.  -- primary out there to take on -- baggage.  And we're seeing guys like.  What was his name Joseph Miller of Miller who had a unsuccessful bid for senate before -- in fact got beaten by a third party candidate in the person of is asking yeah Lisa Murkowski.  What do you like up there well.  You're right we need to win six seats priced readers that is -- right now -- toward the West Virginia west South Dakota Dakota Montana Montana.  Then Republicans in 23 and it connects from where we continue to expand the map and not lose those other two and I lose -- -- -- -- -- so Alaska.  Arkansas Louisiana and North Carolina the next four using Mary -- gonna stay or go I think her and Mark -- and artists are a lot but right now.  Mark -- and -- anywhere mark Pryor's gonna run don't know this but here Kennedys have varied it's going to be tough that's that these are lots of Pine -- tell me that it's it's getting pretty Dicey out there.  But down in Louisiana Mary Landry has been voting in a way that indicates that maybe she is.  Maybe there's going to be a new secretary of housing and urban development -- it's interstate she is a proud supporter of this season president and she's voting that way now up in Alaska direct and that state Republicans are gonna have to keep close.  But doesn't name need tread well does stand if you're not the name of a fictional name of the CEO in -- like Robocop movie that is a good US senator Annette yes well.  He's well liked listening governor Joseph Miller did himself a lot of -- -- 2000 and even among Republicans also the natural resources commissioner -- there the guy who everybody wants to run a candidate I don't know if this deal was entirely -- feel -- sense that.  What -- -- -- -- last -- a big place we're going to take a quick break because we need to talk to.  A congressman from Florida Dennis -- we also need to get our big.  Democratic sparring partner in here so we're gonna do that when we come back.  Stick around.  Many of our hardest hit communities.  No matter how hard a child are her parents work.  No matter that child's potential.  The life chances of that child.  Even her life span is determined by the zip code she grows up and.  That was Shaun Donovan secretary of housing and urban development speaking last week to the N double ACP convention in Orlando Florida.  In this power play with secretary Donovan was I met there is new regulation from the housing interim development agency that seeks not only to stop.  Blacklisting redlining and in the keeping people out of neighborhoods but to actively encourage.  Communities to integrate neighborhoods and -- them if they don't we will talk about that we have a congressman coming but.  Traffic being what it is in Washington DC traffic being what it is in Washington DC we make special exceptions.  Especially -- Somebody.  Who is -- Ryan claim is gonna have to fill you in a little bit on his background himself.  Internet team Brian Clayton.  Tell us about yourself.  I'm Morgan political advertising and also have a website 100 proof politics dot com this is a doozy -- makes up.  Well it's mostly about politics that was also a little bit of fun there today.  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Well most Kentucky and -- is that this is no longer represented now he's as part of the political leaving Washington DC it's just attacked from the will of the people if you -- stuff.  You know the Rand Paul supporters there I think most of them would agree to.  Well they -- -- the -- Paul supporters might like to be voting for somebody other than Mitch McConnell but that doesn't mean that they're gonna vote for our Alison wondered Bryan is right well Rand Paul's endorsed Mitch McConnell right and you -- and let them.  I would encourage the national democratic parties and millions and millions.  -- -- I can only a lot and you're not even the Bowling Green market to get in the -- and as market -- and hazard and hey I'd be surprised Mark Prior owner manager -- under -- SEC next -- wondering what's going well that this is all part of the feeling out phase.  Who Ryan that they've both sides to this happens every two years.  And especially -- mid terms.  Where you probing looking for each party is probing and looking for a weakness in the other party is there a soft spot is everybody would like to do what the Republicans did.  With John soon.  Back in the day when they knocked off -- sitting senate majority leader -- Tom Daschle in South Dakota.  It's hard to do now though because everything is sliced and -- and we know a lot more now Mitch McConnell isn't sitting in Kentucky like.  All my gosh I wonder if there's going to be an election.  Right well I mean I think what does the thing this is the most about mr.  -- leadership as I guess about zero chance of reclaiming a senate this time around I mean you got to pick up places like -- -- -- and New Hampshire in order.  We're never -- -- -- Rezko and all that will let you let your left -- -- lecture laughter speaks for itself because we do not we do not want to keep Dennis Ross waiting he is a congressman.  He's from Hillsborough County down there in the -- saint Pete metro area congressman welcome to the big show thank you thank.  -- -- -- Well -- of course now here's a question for you you.  Part of your duties in congress relate to oversight of Fannie and Freddie the game.  Mortgage giants.  We've been talking here we're talking here on fox today about an effort by Shaun Donovan.  And the Obama administration the folks at -- To push more racial integration of neighborhoods not just preventing blacklisting in keeping people out.  But punishing.  Agencies that are not actively pushing immigration.  They can use Fannie and Freddie to -- end.  What do you set.  Well I think if -- if Freddie have long -- that are their usefulness and that the American economy and the American homeowner.  If Fannie and Freddie have well right now without them we wouldn't have a mortgage market because they own.  89%.  Of the mortgage market we have no private market with -- five point one trillion dollars in government guarantees -- Because of the TSB's Fannie and Freddie the FHA.  And we bailed them out already that the speed of a 187 billion dollars it seems to me that of the more government we have the more taxpayers have to fund the failed programs and so I'm not a big fan of the the -- program.  On and it and it immigration I mean I mean sorry I'm.  That the racial diversity thank you.  Mainly -- -- the main reason is because what are they gonna do with the data.  I mean they're they're we've got an example of Big Brother looking into us and into our homes and every which way possible.  We need to go back to more market based approach to housing.  And I think that -- elimination or the winding down of the GSP there's one way to do that what the markets bear.  -- -- what what type of housing we need what type of homes beeper going five.  So you know right now we're debating the pass -- the financial services committee which is a winding down up Fannie and Freddie.  It making sure that we don't put taxpayers at risk anymore for people who are getting -- bad mortgages.  And it allows us to have I think a very sustainable housing.  Market that will never see another 2007 -- 2008 housing bubble burst in and be disastrous or.  If you -- tigers' spring baseball when he rolled cigars you would know him already he is Dennis Ross -- if you don't there is congressman we thank you for making time thank you very much I appreciate it at a breakneck.  You -- all right guys ten seconds each.  What's going to be the composition of the United States senate after the 2014 election Brian Walsh.  Republicans -- -- the majority by how much I think grenades and -- I wish he had -- -- putt well here today -- -- -- -- speak -- -- we have a lot of -- -- here today -- a lot of -- gentlemen -- thank you for being with us today -- thank you very much -- it's my take says it's on Twitter by following me at -- firewall it is way too late to do anything in Syria the only ones left have ties with al-Qaeda.  And never stopped us before all right have a great day and you will because on the -- Jonathan Hunt.  Is in fact up next and now as we like to do every -- we want to leave you with a word from our front entrance.  This isn't doing Obama as a deficit to reduces his command is run over the largest deficits in American history by.  A -- you can't even calculate.  He had nowhere to go but some a reduction. "]