["Right now the White House is working out the next steps for Syria.  Key members of congress have signed off on a new policy to arm the rebels after dragging their feet for weeks.  And the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has told congress about the various options for Syria.  Along with the cost for now the regime retains control over 70% of Syria's territory.  And about 60% of the population.  President -- is getting crucial support from Hezbollah which sent nearly 5000 fighters into the region.  Iran is providing equipment and has confirmed that elite forces and its revolutionary guard are operating in Syria to help the embattled president.  Meanwhile opposition forces hold areas in the north west to east and south.  The biggest group is the Free Syrian Army made up of local militias army defectors and volunteers.  A group linked to al-Qaeda of the -- -- -- front.  Has taken control of the key city in northern Syria an extremist militias are setting up shop in thirteen of Syria's fourteen provinces.  The head of al-Qaeda is also calling on foreign fighters to travel to Syria KT McFarland is a Fox News national security analyst thank you for joining there.  Also the house Intel committee same they have serious reservations about it -- -- in the end approve.  The Obama administration's plan to arm the Syrian rebels you think it's a mistake but the.  The Syrian rebels the strongest most powerful group in the Syrian rebels are al-Qaeda.  So if we even if we arm our friends within the Syrian rebel groups eventually.  Al-Qaeda will control the Syrian rebels this is al-Qaeda.  These Syrian rebels -- just -- head of the Catholic priest a few years ago but it is thick primary role of foreign policy issue first do no harm to yourself.  And the second row farm policy if you two enemies that are fighting each other.  Do not stepping in and try to stop them and that's where we are now -- just done a great job of laying out all the different groups.  Do we really want.  Get into another war in the Middle East and be in the middle of that.  Yeah also there's a question of the cost this came up with the general Martin Dempsey the chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff he was asked to.  -- out the military options if he wrote this letter which came out yesterday.  Singer five different options for air strikes to trying to get control of their chemical weapons.  And he basically concluded that all of these options carry high risks there's no guarantee of success it could backfire.  And that these options could cost up to a billion dollars a month.  Money that he said would have to be diverted away from other military efforts -- hurting our national security overall what do you think about dents and -- key.  What is -- was this is a declaration war do we really want another war in the Middle East and what he's doing he's giving you the military arguments of why we don't know how this is going to end.  And if you look at the last ten years of American foreign policy we end of these wars with great enthusiasm we have no idea how to get out and if you look at what's happened in Iraq.  We went into Iraq right al-Qaeda al-Qaeda is back in Iraq.  Afghanistan al-Qaeda is back in Afghanistan so despite our efforts and ten years and in lives and treasure of the United States.  We have very little to show for it in either one of those places in Libya we went into the Libyan war we armed the rebels we help the rebels who were those Libyan rebels the same guys who killed our people and Ben Ghazi.  Are we gonna really make -- same mistake again and Syria.  Even though the military has obviously put up a lot of caution flags so what should be our policy in Syria here here's -- thing.  -- we don't want either she had to win they're both bad guys you've got on one -- the Syrian government chemical weapons using my -- mass murdering.  Assad government on the other hand you have the rebels primarily al-Qaeda rebels say they had Catholic priest -- al-Qaeda affiliated we don't want either one of these guys to win.  But we do have interests in the region.  -- our -- shoring up our allies Jordan.  Israel making sure that those chemical weapons do not fall into the hands of people we're going to use them against us and finally I would argue we have a humanitarian interest.  But at all of these interests of the United States has around the world and all the things we want to do well.  It is our country's interest we need to put first so.  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- And now the Syrian rebels are saying that they should be are charged with various crimes what do you make -- of Hezbollah's involvement in Syria.  Is breaking out is that there really are two groups in the Middle East and has largely along religious lines Shiite and Sunni.  So you have -- -- leadership the government of Syria allied with Iran with Russia with Hezbollah.  On the other hand you have the Syrian rebels in some cases -- line.  With gulf Arab or I'll say Sunni states.  But at the end of the day what you're really washing and what this really boils down to.  Is a fight between the aside government.  Which we don't like.  And al-Qaeda we don't like them either.  Some central committee has approved -- reservations this new plan but now some summer saying well now it goes to appropriations and they can.  Find ways to just not fund it yeah do you see that happening.  Here's a probably get back out all of the military across the board we have -- sequestration cuts there will be more cuts the president is also -- We're getting out the Middle East we want to focus our attention in Asia Pacific the -- we want to look at where a major trade relations are.  You cannot fight another war in the Middle East why -- trying to do while these are things.  And I think -- general Dempsey and others in the military argue is.  Who -- something right we don't want to do everything in a way that's going to jeopardize ultimately the security and I say so yeah you could move money around but it comes at a price now it's hard KT McFarland thank you as always for joining us things. "]