["the nearly here yeah. She's totally and lanakila yeah why why I had to think something funny I don't OK yes I like  Libya  or else. It was commitments and alone admiral has Manchuria. It was a struggle angry well yes I agree man was stronger ", "think something funny I don't OK yes I -- -- -- like Libya or else. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "including the civil war in Syria, the coup in Egypt and renewed attention by Congress to the deadly attack on Americans in  Libya . Closer to home, the targeting of political groups by the Internal Revenue Service and the seizure of journalists' telephone ", "rocket-propelled grenade has struck a building in  Libya 's capital,  Tripoli , next to a luxury hotel where the prime civil war that overthrew dictator Moammar  Gadhafi  continues to threaten security.  Libya 's government has struggled to bring armed ", "the Senate provides full funding for embassy security to guard against any repeat of last year's deadly attack in  Benghazi ,  Libya . However, the Senate maintains payments for several U.N. agencies that the House wants to cut funding for completely ", "of journalists' phone records, and renewed attention on the investigation into the deadly attack on Americans in  Benghazi ,  Libya . All the while, the economy has slowly but steadily improved. The housing market is coming back, the stock market ", "A  Libyan  security official says gunmen have killed he served under deposed dictator Moammar  Gadhafi . The official spoke on condition of anonymity assassination of a security official in  Libya 's east, where a proliferation of weapons ", "said. Algeria's army has been fighting extremists for two decades, but tensions recently have been concentrated much farther south, in the desert close to the  Libyan  border. Al-Qaida's North African arm, AQIM, is based in Algeria.", 'foreign policy matters, and was a driving force in keeping alive questions about the fatal attack on Americans in  Benghazi ,  Libya , last Sept. 11. The persistent investigations into the attacks were among the controversies that have plagued the ', "Court has told  Libya  it has to hand dictator Moammar  Gadhafi  so he can face Thursday rejected  Libya 's request to earlier order to  Tripoli  to hand over Seif al-Islam  Gadhafi , who is expected to stand trial in  Libya  next month.  Libya", "next year gives full funding to embassy security. That's to prevent a repeat of last year's deadly attack in  Benghazi ,  Libya . And the bill maintains security money for Israel and Jordan. But it cuts heavily in other places, taking spending ", 'A former war reporter who lost a colleague in  Libya  is teaching freelance journalists how to survive in combat covering fighting between rebels and government forces in  Libya . The four-day training course is free for freelance reporters ', 'South Africa. In three separate incidents in 1999 and 2000, missile parts and components were found to be on their way to  Libya . In 1996, artillery rockets and Scud missile components were reportedly found in Switzerland and bound for Egypt. MYANMAR ', 'South Africa. In three separate incidents in 1999 and 2000, missile parts and components were found to be on their way to  Libya . In 1996, artillery rockets and Scud missile components were reportedly found in Switzerland and bound for Egypt. MYANMAR ', "the nearly here yeah. She's totally and lanakila yeah why why I had to think something funny I don't OK yes I like  Libya  or else. It was commitments and alone admiral has Manchuria. It was a struggle angry well yes I agree man was stronger ", "think something funny I don't OK yes I -- -- -- like Libya or else. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "Libya  a country in country's capital  Tripoli  was swept with years Muammar  Qaddafi  has ruled the When we were in  Tripoli  then  Gadhafi  wanted us a quick down to leave  Libya  to leave position this is what the  Libyan  people would ", "on. And this afternoon state TV and on the mouthpiece of the Gadhafi regime suddenly went black. -- While the -- position has formed in leadership council that's already recognized as the official government by many NATO allies. The real question is whether it can unite a country full of different sides competing for power and influence. And of course this question when it is Moammar Gadhafi . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- He never imagined this is what the Libyan people would be telling him the -- -- -- -- head to understand that that be good -- him. Good night and I. Our thanks to Christiane we will of course -- story. One final note the US war effort in Libya has cost an estimated 896. Million dollars. Through the end of July. ", 'future of  Libya  is in the of Moammar  Gadhafi  has unravel protests. The  Gadhafi  regime responded launched against  Libyan  people.  Qaddafi  threatened authority in  Libya .  Gadhafi situation in  Libya  has reached people of of  Tripoli  rose up to rights of all  Libyans  must be respected ', 'But Gadhafi regime is coming to an -- and the future of Libya is in the hands of its people. In just six months before a two year reign of Moammar Gadhafi has unravel. Earlier this year we were inspired by the peaceful protest that broke out across -- This basic and -- longing for human freedom echoed the voices that we have heard. All across the region from tunis to -- In the face of these protests. The Gadhafi regime responded -- brutal crackdowns. Civilians were murdered in the straits. Campaign of violence was launched against Libyan people. Qaddafi threatened -- peaceful protesters down like rats. As forces advanced across the country there existed the potential for wholesale massacres of innocent ', "The transitional national council established itself as a credible representative of the Libyan people. In the United States together where our European allies and friends across the region. Recognize the DNC as legitimate governing authority in Libya . Gadhafi was cut off from arms and cash in his forces were steadily degraded. From Gaza to -- -- western mountains the Libyan opposition courageously confronted the regime. And the tide turned in their favor. Over the last several days. The situation in Libya has reached a tipping point as the opposition increased its coordination from east west. Took town after town in the people of -- of Tripoli rose up to claim their freedom. For over four decades Libyan people had lived under the rule of the tyrant who denied them the most basic human rights. Now the celebrations. That we've seen in the streets of Libya shows that the pursuit of human dignity is for stronger. Than any dictator. I want to emphasize that this is not over yeah. As a regime collapses. There's still fierce fighting in Summers. And we have reports of regime elements threatening to continue fighting. Although it's clear that -- is rule is over. He still has the opportunity to reduce further bloodshed by explicitly relinquishing power to the people of Libya . In calling for those forces that continue to fight. To lay down their arms for the sake of -- As we move forward from this. The pivotal phase. The opposition should continue to take important steps to bring about a transition that is peaceful. Inclusive. And just. Whose leadership the DNC has made clear the rights of all Libyans must be respected. True justice will not come from reprisals. And violence. Will come from reconciliation. And they Libya that allows citizens to determine their own best. In that effort -- the United States will be a friend and partner. We will join with -- allies and partners to continue the work of safeguarding the people of Libya . As remaining regime elements menace parts of the country have directed my team to be in close contact -- NATO as -- ", 'the -- and see if they ensure that the institutions of the Libyan state are protected. And we will support them with the assets of the Gadhafi regime there were frozen earlier this year. Above all we will call for an inclusive transition that leads to a democratic would ', 'Americans killed in  Libya . About to being served two tours in  Libya  helping the rebels been Ghazi. From  Libyan  leader Moammar  Gadhafi  Smith was an air Americans overseas. In  Libya . Hillary Clinton attack. So many  Libyans  including. The ', 'see the caskets carrying the bodies of those four Americans killed in Libya . About to being brought off the plane there and into a hangar on the base. Of course among those killed US ambassador Chris Stevens as well as Sean Smith. -- -- Tyrone woods their bodies have all been bought back home and see. The caskets coming off the planes Chris Stephens was a career diplomat had served two tours in Libya helping the rebels actually save. The city -- been Ghazi. From Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi -- Smith was an air force veteran who worked as in information management specialist. They endured. 42. His sister actually saying he ', "places. He made those people's hopes his own. During the revolution in Libya he risked his life to help protect the Libyan people from -- tyrant. And he gave his life. Helping them build. A better country. People love to work with press. And ", 'man in the peace corps. A during the revolution. He arrived in Libya on that cargo ship. How he believed. In Libya and its people and how they loved him but. -- Gaza. He laid down his life. For his friends. Libyan an American. And for assault. Today Chris assault. For Americans. For patriots. They love this country. And they chose to serve it. ', 'attack on  Libya  almost 24 glass in  Tripoli . A second also the  Libyans  were terrified children of  Libyan  leader Wal-Mart  Gadhafi . Pediatricians ordinary  Libyans . What thirty classic DC in  Tripoli Libya . The Reagan that colonel  Qaddafi  had an adopted ', 'To agree to an immediate cease fire. Cult classic DC -- in Tripoli Libya . The Reagan administration as saying this evening there is no confirmation that colonel Qaddafi had an adopted daughter on the other hand there is no confirmation that He did not. And now the view from the White House. The Reagan administration was surprised today when the attack on Libya led to a setback in American Soviet relations. The Soviets have canceled the meeting in May between their foreign minister and secretary ', "government of  Libya  to assist. Our folks in  Benghazi . I follow leadership of  Libya 's military a live of  Libya . Reporting mobilizing. A  Tripoli  response to get the  Libyan  government among the  Libyans  who escorted chief at the  Libyan  mission officer in  Libya  both and in two in  Tripoli  and in he ", "did was to. Begin calling the senior officials in the government of Libya that I knew at the time. And so lifestyle first. President -- -- chief of staff and reported the attack and asked for immediate assistance from the government of Libya to assist. Our folks in Benghazi . I follow that -- with a call to the prime minister's chief of staff to make the same request and then to the MFA. Americas director. -- -- -- ministry of foreign affairs. The defense that tocchet. Was at the same time calling. The leadership of Libya's military. With the same purpose to ask them for assistance. And once that was done. I called again to Washington to report ", "NATO airstrike in  Tripoli .  Qaddafi  and his wife were pressure on that  Gadhafi  there's been a weeks now. And  Gadhafi  is still in trend You've covered it the  Qaddafi  for years now how in retaliation.  Libyan  sponsored terrorism ", "US and NATO is stepping up their campaign. Of pressure on that Gadhafi there's been a huge amount of controversy over the last several wings because of the stalemate that has developed. Over this media war if you like the no fly zone -- -- not the more than six weeks now. And Gadhafi is still in trend seen conceding especially over the last few days -- much more NATO bombing around Tripoli and around the presidential compound that that this is what they're trying to do now -- -- saying they're not specifically going out to assassinate. Right and leading up to that bombing -- said that He would negotiate and observe a cease fire if NATO stops sending in its planes. You've covered it the Qaddafi for years now how does the death of his son and grandchildren affect his strategy does this weekend -- does this recharge them. Well I'm sure it's one of those things for instance if you -- -- back in the eighties when Ronald Reagan the north as strikes in retaliation. Libyan sponsored terrorism. One of his daughters is adopted those who was killed and this played into his narrative. For years following -- ", "spokesperson said that the aim of the attack was to kill the Libyan leader directly are we seeing a major shift in NATO's mandate it is He now a target. When the -- not saying that they're not saying that they are trying to assassinate him what they continue to say though is that He has to go. And what you're seeing is a stepped up campaign around -- around Tripoli the capital at the same time. The rebels have not yet been able to capitalize. And converted He had volunteers -- they "]