["but it was already legendary for its list of famous residents from Hollywood's past -- Errol Flynn, Greta Garbo,  Boris Karloff , Marilyn Monroe, Clark Gable, Carol Lombard -- to its present -- Robert De Niro, Jessica Lange, Leonardo DiCaprio ", 'half-century mark? Must be something in eating flies that keeps you young. How the Grinch Stole Christmas: I prefer the  Boris Karloff  animated version to the Jim Carrey mess. And so do the Whos down in Whoville. The Polar Express: All aboard! Because ', "Lugosi, better known as Dracula, passed on the opportunity to play Frankenstein's Monster, a role that went to  Boris Karloff  in the landmark 1931 classic. A distinguished stage actor in Hungary, Lugosi had high hopes in Hollywood. By the ", 'It\'s alive!" I start to think I\'m watching Young Frankenstein, and I don\'t expect the monster to look like  Boris Karloff . I expect him to look like Peter Boyle. I keep hearing someone sing, "Pardon me boys, is this the Transylvania ', "with the involuntary help of Frankenstein's monster. Sommers tips his cap to horror film legends Bela Lugosi and  Boris Karloff  with a black-and-white opening wherein a monster-hunting, torch-wielding mob storms Frankenstein's castle ", "serial killer Hannibal Lecter, will narrate Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas, Variety notes. The late  Boris Karloff  voiced the 1966 TV version of the children's holiday classic. Ironically, Karloff was best-known for scaring ", "serial killer Hannibal Lecter, will narrate Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas, Variety notes. The late  Boris Karloff  voiced the 1966 TV version of the children's holiday classic. Ironically, Karloff was best-known for scaring ", "serial killer Hannibal Lecter, will narrate Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas, Variety notes. The late  Boris Karloff  voiced the 1966 TV version of the children's holiday classic. Ironically, Karloff was best-known for scaring ", "serial killer Hannibal Lecter, will narrate Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas, Variety notes. The late  Boris Karloff  voiced the 1966 TV version of the children's holiday classic. Ironically, Karloff was best-known for scaring "]