['If you\'ve ever wondered why Tim Russert got so passionate when he questioned presidents and politicians about values and character and the truth, he would have told you it comes from the man he called "Big Russ." They say you can\'t go home again. In some ways, Tim Russert never left the town, the times, the teachers in the place he always thought of as home. Read an excerpt from his book, "Big Russ and Me." ', 'Not long ago, I took part in an online conversation hosted by the Washington Post. As I sat at a computer, people around the country sent in questions about "Meet the Press" and other topics, and I did my best to answer them. Near the end of the hour, somebody asked if there was one individual whom I would especially like to interview. The person who submitted that question was probably expecting me to name an elusive political figure, or perhaps a fascinating character from history, such as Thomas Jefferson, Christopher Columbus, or my first choice, Jesus Christ. But I took the question personally, and answered it immediately and from my heart: more than anyone else, I would like to interview my dad.', 'Every summer, our family used to rent a cottage for a week at Wasaga Beach in Ontario, where Dad, a strong man who loved the water, used to let my sisters and me lie on his back while he swam. One morning, when I was five or six, we were on the beach in our bathing suits when I noticed that Dad had several scars on his back. I had probably seen them before, but this was the first time I really noticed them. When I asked Mom why they were there, she told me that Dad had been injured in a plane crash during the war.', 'Dad passed through bases in Utah and Arizona before being sent to Lowry Field in Colorado, where the 446th Bombardment Group was activated on April 1, 1943. At Lowry, Dad and some of his pals met up with Red, a big red chow with a black tongue. Red was not a friendly dog, but the men were fond of him and were determined to bring him overseas. They had little hope, however, of smuggling a large dog on the long train ride to New York, and even less of sneaking him onto the ship that would transport them to England. ', 'As the men of the 446th Bombardment Group boarded the ship, a band played and Red Cross volunteers passed out coffee and doughnuts. Soon they were moving past the Statue of Liberty and into the ocean.', 'As the ship approached its destination, but long before it reached land, British ships and planes came out to protect the men from possible attack by German U-boats and planes. (Hitler had offered a huge cash reward and an Iron Cross to the captain or pilot who could sink the Queen Mary, but the ship made eighty-six crossings without once being attacked.) On November 3 they docked at Greenock, in the Firth of Clyde, not far from Glasgow, Scotland. Trucks carried the men to trains, and trains took them to Flixton, their new home, in England. Station 125, as it was known, was one of many air bases on the eastern coast, not far from the English Channel and two miles from the sleepy village of Bungay.', 'If you jumped, almost anything could happen. When your parachute opened, you might drift gently down to earth. You could also pass out from the lack of oxygen. You could come down hard into a tree, or you could hit the ground with so much force that you were knocked unconscious. On your way down, you could be shot at by soldiers or civilians on the ground. Or you might be using a parachute that, for some reason, failed to open. If your plane was hit, your immediate survival depended on men like Dad, who had packed your chute. Your life was in their hands.', 'There is no question that Cheffler took an unnecessary risk when he insisted on trying to land the plane in bad weather. They had taken off with eight hours of fuel on board, which was more than enough to return to Bungay if a safe landing at Ainsdale or another nearby field was impossible, so he was certainly prepared for that contingency. ', 'Thanks to Ron Tompkins, and to some of the survivors of that accident, I have learned everything I could about that day, and I have relived that awful flight in my mind. When Billy Suchocki described what had happened, I closed my eyes and tried to imagine the roaring fireball of a crashed plane and the badly injured young man who was going to become my father staggering toward his death. Only because his army buddy and two total strangers stopped him, do I have the honor of having Big Russ as my dad.', 'It was hard to believe what had actually happened at Dachau, and being there did not make it any easier. But my encounter with this survivor, the embrace of this man who was liberated and saved from certain death, touched me to my core. I thought of Dad, and of all the other young Americans who went overseas in World War II to save the world from the tyrannical Nazi regime. When I returned to Munich, I went straight to the post office, and for the first time in my life, I placed an overseas call. I wanted to tell Dad what I had just experienced. And I wanted to thank him for going to war.', 'Excerpted from "Big Russ and Me," by Tim Russert. Copyright 2004. Miramax. All rights reserved.']