["We're going to turn to the economy tonight, the driving issue -- you see there, up 286 points for the week. Last night here, we reported on the fed and so we want to bring in bianna golodryga. Felt chairman saying keeping rates down until 2015 and the markets responding. Reporter: The markets", "Now we move on to the big news affecting american families. George mentioned it. Not only families, but their retirement funds. IF YOU CHECKED YOUR 401(k) Today, you saw the dow on a rocket ride not seen since the recession began. Soaring to a four-year high. Reporter: Today's stampied had two main", 'analyst wrote a negative report about Fannie and Freddie earlier this week and when you have housing market this week as  stock market  this weakened economy this hour you can send millions of investors. Heading to the exits but also there is a legitimate ', 'earlier this week and when you have housing market this week as stock market this weakened economy this hour you can send millions of investors. Heading to the exits but also there is a legitimate concern ', "worst of those dreadful  stock market  declines. Fox plays Beaten down financial  stocks  staged a dramatic about things I'm being. But  stocks  also got a boost today change the rules of  stock trading  to prevent investors pressure offer those  stocks  and give them a real ", "daily basis that is the unexpected good news today. Beaten down financial stocks staged a dramatic about face shares of cities soared 38%. Bank of America up 28%. JPMorgan 23%. And General Electric with a huge finance arm shot up 20%. They look at -- city command line and probably thank him. JPMorgan Wells Fargo they all look -- things the things I'm being. But stocks also got a boost today from policy makers with Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and house financial services committee chairman Barney Frank. City it is time to change the rules of stock trading to prevent investors from betting against a stock when it's in free fall. This is a big plus for the financial -- it's a big plus for the market generally. But it's a big plus for the financial so it's gonna take some about. Piling on pressure offer those stocks and give them a real chance to sort of lift. Some analysts interpreted today's powerful rally as a sign that the trillions ", 'Also leading the charge southward energy  stocks  like Chevron because of falling oil prices. And financial  stocks  like Morgan Stanley and Bank of America people selling mutual musical distillate  stocks . And enforce that becomes very self fulfilling ', "for American carmakers gets even worse. Also leading the charge southward energy stocks like Chevron because of falling oil prices. And financial stocks like Morgan Stanley and Bank of America expensive. This was the third time this week that we've -- sudden sold deadening drops in the final hour of trading what's driving this. In part mutual fund managers who need to sell late in the day in order to have enough cash to pay investors who are dropping out of the market. It's a reflection of how much mutual funds have to raise in terms of redemption so that means people selling mutual -- musical distillate stocks . And enforce that becomes very self fulfilling. Today's market slide comes despite a series of extraordinary moves by the government's. The latest ", "situation despite that news credit markets were frozen solid again today. And stocks are not likely to rebound until that changes. Which is likely to take time it's like medicine if you take penicillin for ", "lately hype about the  stock price . And Apple Stock surging much of the year's  stock market  gurus have been making predictions. Apple the  stock market  sensation that sold continue to fall that  stocks  is now just 2% away ", "about the company's latest iPhone or iPad. And lately hype about the stock price . And Apple Stock surging this morning after the company reported a job dropping 73%. Increase in sales last quarter for much of the year's stock market gurus have been making sure fighter predictions. Apple the stock market sensation that sold for only about seven dollars a decade ago is headed to an astonishing. 1000. Dollars a share. Apple's going to -- out here's the thing about all those analysts. They like to change their mind. Apple shares continue to fall that stocks is now just 2% away from a 20%. Decline. Today Apple's stock gave up almost 4%. Seeking from -- high of 705. ", "right now either your 401K your IRA. Look for defensive names  stocks  basically stop so you'll hallway Disney company always need when times are bad her. Health care firms these are tobacco  stocks  these oil companies. And these are a lot of the gas companies ", "right now either your 401K -- your IRA. Look for defensive names stocks basically stop so you'll hallway Disney company -- -- always need to be around even when times are bad -- her. Health care firms these are tobacco stocks these -- oil companies. And these are a lot of the gas companies right -- to provide your utilities. -- thank you ", "group we'll get together. They'll be some dramatic announcement as I told you last week Chris. This is not about the  stock market  where only a sideshow and a circus it's all about the credit markets and that's what the world needs freed up. Are you ", "as I told you last week Chris. This is not about the stock market where only a sideshow and a circus it's all about the credit markets and that's what the world needs freed up. Are ", "worked out. Individual  stocks  sometimes go down sometimes over the long term the  stock market  has outperformed everything These are really your  stocks . NASA just other people beginning of the modern  stock market . If you had invested dollars in big company  stocks . It's about 20000 ", "very fast. Now I'm gonna say something that may scare some people stocks and binds. Do you know what -- stock. -- -- Partial ownership group perfidy you. What about how far did you give ", "could take some time for me today about ended his presentation on stocks first as far as I'm really curious about how you guys would explain. Totally pleasure you know it's funny I think the ", "the thing I mean it's all about buying and selling the right stocks at the right time when He came I had -- -- analysts say for instance my friend -- here was a company ", "essentially doing the same thing. They haven't proven that they can make that kind of money that's going to justify the  stock price  yet we also saw mark tell Robin. That's his job mention the company doesn't change after the RI PO can succeed at that ", "they can make that kind of money that's going to justify the stock price yet we also saw mark -- tell Robin. That's his job mention the company doesn't change after the RI PO can succeed ", "trading. Short answer is no lot of changes have swept over  stock trading  recently past several years most of it now electronic there's understandable in the context right now an artificial deadline. And  stock market  that want some kind of resolution. all right it Darden Restaurants ", "it's understandable in the context right now an artificial deadline. And -- stock market that want some kind of resolution. -- all right it Darden Restaurants. Owner of the olive garden red lobster or smaller chains ", 'Skyrocketing home prices and encouraging news on manufacturing are behind the  stock market  jump.', 'threat today a trio of good news headlines that put this  stock market . On a rocket Rocket booster number one and this is really perhaps buy American products. For the past four months the  stock market  has been on a crazy roller coaster ride look at this graph ', 'triple threat today a trio of good news headlines that put this stock market . On a rocket -- Rocket booster number one and this is really the big. The Federal Reserve and central banks from all ', 'money and perhaps buy American products. For the past four months the stock market has been on a crazy roller coaster ride look at this graph. So what is the average investor to do in this ', "to be folks stepping in. And not picking up some  stocks  that they say are attractively valued. Given that currently trading alert which means we're different  stocks  and the German  stocks  falling. That European confidence number just to ", 'moderately seems to be folks stepping in. And not picking up some stocks that they say are attractively valued. Given that tremendous selloff that we -- for months and much of August are right now ', "-- and -- are currently trading alert which means we're -- different stocks and the German stocks falling. That European confidence number just to put a number there because it was not good confidence fell by the most since December of 2008. It brought us back to UNH when He -- level we've had the stocks eloped but what is the stocks off represented. It represents all the concerns about the debt crisis in Europe -- the confidence number really just playing out the ", "could lead them to make some pretty bad choice since. Women do more research and hold onto  stocks  longer. This is a great time to come out and look for  stocks  that aren't at all. A more feminine portfolio that avoids testosterone based snap decisions ", "some pretty bad choice since. Women do more research and hold onto stocks longer. This is a great time to come out and look for stocks that aren't at all. A more feminine portfolio that avoids testosterone based snap decisions may be the way to stay safe in ", "US you've actually been doing pretty well because for the first time in ten months the US dollars actually beating bonds.  Stocks  and commodities at. US dollar actually gaining a lot of value. A couple of things happening here despite the S&P downgrade ", 'the first time in ten months the US dollars actually beating bonds. Stocks and commodities at. US dollar actually gaining a lot of value. A couple of things happening here despite the S&P downgrade of ', "surprise today this walk one from American manufacturing. Strong numbers breathing new life into Wall Street and your 401K.  Stocks  soaring to a four year high and ABC's David there was on Wall Street for the ride David year old watching this today at one ", "manufacturing. Strong numbers breathing new life into Wall Street and your 401K. Stocks soaring to a four year high and ABC's David there was on Wall Street for the ride David -- year old watching ", "of very gaudy looking  stock price  in that sense it's from that phenomenal  stock price  it's quite the Google Bellwether for other tech  stocks . It's sort of stopped these very large tech  stocks  you know they look cheap ", "-- is this stock often seen as a Bellwether for other tech stocks . It's sort of stopped seeming like a Bellwether because so many of these very large tech stocks you know they look cheap for ten years or so but it could really show anybody that they could grow so I ", "see you. Hey Stephanie good morning so what happened with  stocks  yesterday. You know we were having another sell in the Dow know just reminding folks are a lot of reasons to be out the  stock market  haven't really seen Dow plummet right now and JPMorgan ", 'good to see you. Hey Stephanie good morning so what happened with stocks yesterday. You know we were having another sell -- in -- the Dow was on track for having its longest losing streak ', "look less desirable than  stocks  an improving US economy consistent that positive about  stocks . Optimistic. He he doesn't think that  stocks  look price of course in 2008 prices falling if you have the  stock market  falling which the fact arguably ", "we have that's that it's making their options look less desirable than stocks an improving US economy. Still a lot that's that's gone for the market and we saw that play out on Friday. Can't ", "watch and hear skiers say it's pretty much consistent that positive about stocks . Optimistic. He he doesn't think that stocks look -- price of course in 2008 he said they were very cheap they're not as cheap now but and that again "]