['World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki , seeded Victoria Azarenka and three-time champion Serena Williams round winners Tuesday at the 2011 U.S. Open.The former No. 1 Willia...', 'Top seeds Maria Kirilenko of Russia and round winners at the $220,000 Guangzhou International.Kirilenko handled Ukrainian Alona Bondarenko 6-4, 6-2, while Gajdosova ...', 'Two-time Grand Slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova round winners at the $2.05 million Western & Southern Open, a U.S. Open Series event.The 14th-seeded former top-five...', 'Rising German Andrea Petkovic and two-time Grand round winners at the $2.05 million Western & Southern Open, a U.S. Open Series event.The ninth-seeded Petkovic came ...', 'Red-hot Serena Williams posted an opening-round win Tuesday at the $2.05 million Western & Southern Open, a U.S. Open Series event, while Maria Sharapova easily adva...', 'Rising German Andrea Petkovic and two-time Grand round winners at the $2.05 million Western & Southern Open, a U.S. Open Series event.The ninth-seeded Petkovic came ...', 'World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki and seeded Victoria Azarenka were easy opening-round winners Tuesday at the 2011 U.S. Open.The 2009 U.S. Open runner-up Wozniacki blew...', 'Sabine Lisicki eased past Aravane Rezai in the finals at the inaugural $220,000 Texas Tennis Open, a final U.S. Open tuneup.Lisicki earned her second title this seas...', "By Julien PretotPARIS (Reuters) - Gusty winds and half-empty stands gave no sense of the usual Parisian glamour as last year's French Open runner-up Samantha Stosur ...", 'A year ago, the former world number one was not even in Melbourne. She withdrew from a tournament she had dominated in 2008 via a statement issued by organizers.Fast...', "Melanie Oudin's US Open run over after 2 rounds with straight-set loss to Alona Bondarenko ", "Melanie Oudin's U.S. Open run is over after two rounds this year.Oudin lost a sloppy match to 29th-seeded Alona Bondarenko of Ukraine 6-2, 7-5 on Wednesday. The teen...", "Great Britain's Heather Watson gained entry into the women's singles draw at the London Olympics Tuesday after Alona Bondarenko withdrew because of an injury.The Ukr...", 'Fourth-seeded Victoria Azarenka was round winner Tuesday at the 2011 U.S. Open.The Belarusian Azarenka handled overmatched Swede Johanna Larsson 6-1, 6-3 in 70 minut...', 'As soon as Andy Roddick smacked a ball into the stands in a fit of pique, he figured it would cost him.Sure enough, chair umpire Carlos Bernardes assessed him a poin...', 'Qualifier Galina Voskoboeva of Kazakhstan beat No. 9 seed Marion Bartoli of France 6-3, 6-3 Monday in the first round of the Rogers Cup.Bartoli struggled with her se...', 'By Frank PingueAfter missing nearly a year of competitive tennis because of injuries and health problems, Williams captured the Stanford Classic in her third tournam...']