['Alec Baldwin  has some advice for New York City mayoral hopeful Anthony Weiner after his latest sexting scandal. And took to the pages of the ', 'Alec Baldwin has some advice for New York City mayoral hopeful Anthony Weiner after his latest sexting scandal. And took to the pages of ', 'Blanchett\'s Jasmine hits rock bottom after her husband ( Alec Baldwin ) is caught pulling a Bernie Madoff type financial high profile, yet sometimes volatile co-star  Alec Baldwin ? Related:  Alec Baldwin \'s Most Memorable Rants "Alec was fabulous ', 'pursued both acting and standup, was so delighted by the chance to work with Allen and beside stars Cate Blanchett and  Alec Baldwin  that he agreed to let his hair go gray for the part. "I said, \'You don\'t have to ask me twice. I\'ll hate it ', 'Bang Theory": Matt LeBlanc for "Episodes"; Don Cheadle for "House of Lies"; Louis C.K. for "Louie" and  Alec Baldwin  for "30 Rock." Jon Cryer, last year\'s surprise winner for "Two and a Half Men," didn\'t make the cut this ', 'LeBlanc, "Episodes," Showtime; Don Cheadle, "House of Lies," Showtime; Louis C.K., "Louie," FX Networks;  Alec Baldwin , "30 Rock," NBC. Actress, Comedy Series: Laura Dern, "Enlightened," HBO; Lena Dunham, "Girls," HBO ', 'Enlightened Edie Falco, Nurse Jackie Amy Poehler, Parks and Recreation Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series  Alec Baldwin , 30 Rock Jason Bateman, Arrested Development Louis C.K., Louie Don Cheadle, House of Lies Matt LeBlanc, Episodes ', 'Enlightened." Lead Actor, Comedy Predicted Nominees: Jim Parsons, "The Big Bang Theory"; Matt LeBlanc, "Episodes";  Alec Baldwin , "30 Rock"; Jason Bateman, "Arrested Development"; Jon Cryer, "Two and a Half Men"; Louis C.K., "Louie ', 'Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in December 2012 . Some celebrities tweeted - then un-tweeted their outrage.  Alec Baldwin , who recently quit twitter, took aim at the Sunshine state: "Florida is a parallel universe. A (explicative ', 'neighborhood watch captain\'s wounds "insignificant" and "non-life threatening." 5. Baldwin Vows to Quit Twitter  Alec Baldwin  has vowed to give up Twitter in the wake of his rant against a British journalist.', "surprise appearance. Other famous faces included NBC News anchor Brian Williams, actress Julianna Margulies and actor  Alec Baldwin  and his pregnant wife Hilaria. Gandolfini's wife Deborah Lin Gandolfini and the mother of his 9-month-old daughter ", 'Alec Baldwin  and all the others who get ticked off by the "please power down all your electronics" announcement before takeoff might soon ', 'Hours After Secret Surgery Is Revealed, Christie Faces Friendly Barbs From the Press and Jabs Back', 'titled "Maybe there is something to this fleece." In the video the fleece goes missing and he employs stars like  Alec Baldwin  and Jon Bon Jovi to find it. Earlier, a reporter even shimmied in a fleece look-alike singing, "Will you still ', 'Alec Baldwin  has some advice for New York City mayoral hopeful Anthony Weiner after his latest sexting scandal. And took to the pages of the ', 'Alec Baldwin has some advice for New York City mayoral hopeful Anthony Weiner after his latest sexting scandal. And took to the pages of ', 'Alec baldwin . His fiance, now his wife, his yoga instructor. They got married over the weekend.  Alec baldwin  was all smiles over the week end. They say I do in what turned out to ', 'Alec baldwin . His fiance, now his wife, his yoga instructor. They got married over the weekend. Alec baldwin was all smiles over the week end. They say I do in what turned out to be an a-list affair. All smiles ', 'And we all love  alec baldwin . His movie, "saturday night live," he\'s fantastic. 30 Hilaria baldwin joining us now. We\'re not going to call her  hilaria thomas  anymore, she\'s hilaria baldwin. Welcome. well -- momosel ', 'And we all love alec baldwin . His movie, "saturday night live," he\'s fantastic. 30 rock" now his heart belongs to only one woman. That is true. Tying the knot with a gorgeous yoga instructor. That\'s what it says. You didn\'t notice. Hilaria baldwin joining us now. We\'re not going to call her hilaria thomas anymore, she\'s hilaria baldwin. Welcome. well -- momosel tov. How is married life? Married life is really nice. It\'s different. It feels ', "Tonight  alec baldwin  is apologizing after several tweets It's the latest twitter tirade from  alec baldwin , this time directed at a reporter who alex baldwin profane rant on twitter.  Alec baldwin  a loveable rogue. We're sensitised ", "she used 30 years ago. But alex baldwin profane rant on twitter. Alec baldwin a loveable rogue. We're sensitised to the fact that alec baldwin's had another outburst. Last night he apologized to the gay community saying the words had absolutely nothing to do with issues of ", 'latest tirade and war of words from  alec baldwin . How much of this expletive are expletive lies every day. That was  alec baldwin  going on an expletive-laced rant tweets so they post automatically.  Alec baldwin  used profine and racist language ', 'Reporter: The latest tirade and war of words from alec baldwin . How much of this expletive are people supposed to take, with these expletive lies every day. That was alec baldwin going on an expletive-laced rant, with accusations that his wife, hilaria, was tweeting during the funeral of james gandolfini. My wife did ', "ray show. But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they post automatically. Alec baldwin used profine and racist language. Even threatening. I'm going to find you toxic little expletive and I'm going to expletive you up. ", "believe this one but  Alec Baldwin  says he's going to stop tweeting now. Yes it's whole area gonna try just don't do this anymore so. To be continued but  Alec Baldwin  will not be tweeting. I have a really funny feeling this has very ", "-- -- believe this one but Alec Baldwin says he's going to stop tweeting now. Yes it's -- whole area. Hung out of that British newspaper -- tweeting during the ", "try -- just don't do this anymore so. To be continued but Alec Baldwin will not be tweeting. I have a really funny feeling this has very little to do with may he rest in peace "]