['(Photo credit: @z_al/Twitter)  Alexander Skarsgard  and Ellen Page have been traveling together to promote their thriller, "The East" - and based on a newly released photo, it ', "actors doing just about anything. The East Sad We Missed It. Creepy. Creepy. Creepy . Setting aside my love for  Alexander Skarsgard , this movie looks intense, interesting, and eerie as hell . Don Jon's Addiction Glad We Missed It. I love ", 'is set. "Kate is awesome," she said. "I like all the characters, but Anastasia? I love her so much!"  Alexander Skarsgard  "Where do I sign?," the "True Blood" star when " Access Hollywood " asked him about starring in the movie ', 'elaborate on the engagement. Bosworth was first romantically linked to the 41-year-old Polish, who directed her in the upcoming film "Big Sur," last summer. She was previously linked to actors Orlando Bloom and  Alexander Skarsgard .', 'She\'s dead," one message read, according to the gossip website TMZ . "Ellen Page if you continue to date  Alexander  [ Skarsgard ] I will K-1-L-L you in public in the next year ... Be it in a club, at a game, in a restaurant, or ', 'mind is set. "Kate is awesome," she said. "I like all the characters but Anastasia? I love her so much!"  Alexander Skarsgard  "Where do I sign?," the "True Blood" star when " Access Hollywood " asked him about starring in the movie ', 'and Sookie appears caught in an intimate moment with Alcide. Anna Paquin, real-life husband Stephen Moyer and  Alexander Skarsgard  return as those sexy vampires and the woman who loves them in Season 5 of "True Blood." Premieres June 10 on ', 'lead Taylor Kitsch as Alex Hopper, a highly intelligent, underachieving bad boy whose older brother, Stone ( Alexander Skarsgard ), forces him to join the family business. That business? The Navy. Turns out the Navy sort of agrees with ', 'couple\'s costume, meet your new inspiration.  Alexander Skarsgard  Vampires take to the night like socialites to champagne No surprise, then, that " True Blood " star  Alexander Skarsgard  owned the evening at Blackbook magazine\'s 15th ', "that is turns out to be a lot of sex with Bill's rival, Swedish vampire Eric Northman, played by heartthrob  Alexander Skarsgard . Most newly married men -- Moyer and Paquin were hitched last August -- might have difficulty with their wife ", 'Online polls have favored Paul Bettany, who played the albino-like Silas in "The Da Vinci Code," Swedish actor  Alexander Skarsgard  and "How I Met Your Mother" star Neil Patrick Harris. Even alabaster-skinned actress Tilda Swinton has made ', 'out, because it\'s hard to imagine finding three more fascinating Humvee mates than Brad "Iceman" Colbert ( Alexander Skarsgard ), Ray Person (James Ransone) and James Trombley (Billy Lush). Just notice the way "Scribe" smiles with ', "Fifth. Visits than my favorite song. It's Swedish despite count done And he goes a little like gun. Something like that. Lou Lang head full use sent out dogs Bologna creme then anti gay comments. Val de Soto for and out then unions. That's that's quite a hook to look at if I've ever tried recording", 'The actor talks about his new movie, "Disconnect," and about how he came to Hollywood.', 'Alexander Skarsgard  talks to Peter Travers about season six of the hit HBO show.']