["Under new leadership, the 10th-ranked Arkansas Razorbacks begin their 2012 season, as they welcome the Jacksonville State Gamecocks to Fayetteville for a showdown at Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium.A scandal during the offseason surrounding Bobby Petrino forced the school to make a change at the top, bringing in John L. Smith to run the show in 2012, after he served as an assistant for three seasons. Arkansas is coming off a monster season and if not for the fact that the team resides in the SEC, a conference crown may have been the result. The Razorbacks finished the season at 11-2, just the third 11-win season in school history.The team's only losses came against LSU and Alabama, the two squads that ended up playing for the national title. Arkansas missed out on a BCS bowl bid, but instead, knocked off Kansas State in the Cotton Bowl (29-16).Jack Crowe makes his return to Fayetteville after serving as head coach at Arkansas from 1990-92. He begins his 13th season with Jacksonvil...", 'Tyler Wilson threw for 262 yards on Saturday night, completing 19 straight passes at one point, leading No. 10 Arkansas to a 38-14 win over No. 15 Auburn.Wilson, who...', "Two of the top three teams in the current ranked ranked LSU Tigers. The winner will represent the Western Division in next week's SEC Championship Game against Easte...", 'Arkansas coach John L. Smith has seen a change in the mood around the Razorbacks over the last few weeks.A two-game winning streak will do that when it comes on the ...', '1 (3) - Dion Jordan, DE Oregon; 2 (54) - Jamar Taylor, CB, Boise State; 3 (77) Dallas Thomas, OT, Tennessee; 3 (93) - Will Davis, CB, Utah State; 4 (104) - Jelani Je...', 'Arkansas running back Jonathan Williams had a good feeling Saturday morning when he tweeted that he would score a touchdown later that night against Kentucky.William...', 'The Texas A&M Aggies of the Big 12 Conference and Arkansas Razorbacks of the SEC will clash this weekend at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas.Texas A&M will be joi...', 'Tyrann Mathieu channeled his best Billy Cannon and No. 1 LSU was on its way to another run-away victory in the biggest game at Tiger Stadium in half a century.Mathie...', '2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: Had the Arkansas Razorbacks been in any other conference other than the SEC last season, things could have ended much differently.Under fourth...', 'Arkansas linebacker Terrell Williams has been arrested and charged with driving while intoxicated.Williams, a senior for the Razorbacks, was arrested by Fayetteville...', 'Had the Arkansas Razorbacks been in any conference other than the SEC in 2011, they could have been looking at a BCS National Championship Game berth.Still, the Hogs...', 'The top-ranked and defending national champion Alabama Crimson Tide open up SEC play this weekend on the road, when they take on the Arkansas Razorbacks in Fayettevi...', 'The ULM Warhawks were one of the few teams to have their bye in week one, and now the team has the unenviable task of starting its season on the road against a power...', 'Arkansas  has sights set on winning streak, bowl possibilities, after Auburn win', "John L. Smith's positive outlook has never wavered this season, even as Arkansas' preseason hopes crumbled under the weight of a four-game losing streak.The Razorbac...", "Undrafted doesn't necessarily mean unwanted in the NFL.Despite the resources every organization pours into player personnel, the NFL Draft is only seven rounds long ..."]