[" Food allergy diagnosis 'an inexact science'By  Elizabeth Landau, CNN      Heidi Bayer, right, runs a support group for parents of allergic children. Her daughter Phoebe, left, has many allergies. STORY HIGHLIGHTSFood allergies may be overdiagnosed, a new study saysThere is no universally accepted method of defining or diagnosing food allergiesThe National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases is working on guidelines", ' FOOD ALLERGY RESOURCESNational Institute of Allergy and Infectious DiseasesFood Allergy and Anaphylaxis NetworkKids With Food Allergies', 'A common method of diagnosing food allergies is the skin prick test, performed at an allergist\'s office. This involves putting minute quantities of common foods below the surface of the skin, usually on the arm or the back. Some doctors also recommend blood tests called "serum-food specific IgE," which make use of the allergy-related antibody Immunoglobulin E. There is also a method that\'s not widespread called the atopy patch test, which involves wearing a pad containing the possible allergen for about 48 hours.  None of these methods, however, says anything about the severity of symptoms that a person will experience if he or she ingests the substance -- for some, there may be no reaction at all. There is no one test that\'s better than the other, either, researchers said. Patients with "nonspecific" symptoms, such as a rash or abdominal complaints, who tested positive in one of these skin or blood tests have less than a 50 percent likelihood of actually having a food allergy, the study said.  "It\'s hard to say if a management strategy is effective or ineffective unless we know if the person truly has the disease," Chafen said.  Researchers found, based on the studies, that food allergies affect less than 10 percent of the U.S. population. This analysis says that it\'s not well established that food allergies are on the rise, although a recent Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report said that in the last decade, the number people with diagnosed food allergies had risen by 18 percent. Doctors advise people with severe food allergies to eliminate the offending foods from their diets. But there has been only one randomized controlled trial studying the effectiveness of taking foods out of so-called elimination diets, Chafen\'s study said. Granted, for people with life-threatening reactions, such studies may be unethical, as they would involve having one group of participants eating known allergens. But more of such tests should be done in people who have less severe symptoms, the study said. The tests are not perfect but can be useful in conjunction with doctor-prescribed elimination diets and food challenges, which involve ingesting the allergen under a doctor\'s supervision, Pistiner said. It\'s important to take into account a patient\'s full history of allergies and other health problems, he said. "Relying on testing alone can result in overdiagnosis," he said.  There are those like Phoebe Carney who have had the opposite experience, with a test that wasn\'t sensitive enough. Now 12 years old, she has never outgrown her allergies to milk, eggs, wheat, gluten, soy and nuts.  Her mother, who runs a support group for parents of allergic children, recommends finding a doctor you trust, who makes you feel comfortable and who is knowledgeable about allergies. Do as much research as you can, she says, and go with your gut -- find someone who will answer your questions. "I have this one patient, my daughter. And I feel like I really know her. I really ask a lot of questions with the doctor. I stand with the doctor at all the skin tests as they\'re being read, and I have an ongoing dialogue," Bayer said. ']