['Bad Company, and the Welsh-born  actor  said he really enjoyed the shoot rightful place as a fine British  actor  in The Remains of the Day. In another Manhunter, a 1986 Michael Mann  film  that starred  Brian Cox  as Lecter. In the new version ', "Manhunter by The Insider's Michael Mann in 1986. It starred  Brian Cox  (of TV's Nuremberg) as the bad Dr. Lecter and C older than he was before his first outing as Hannibal, the  actor  will apparently play a younger version of the villain ", "Manhunter by The Insider's Michael Mann in 1986. It starred  Brian Cox  (of TV's Nuremberg) as the bad Dr. Lecter and C older than he was before his first outing as Hannibal, the  actor  will apparently play a younger version of the villain ", "Manhunter by The Insider's Michael Mann in 1986. It starred  Brian Cox  (of TV's Nuremberg) as the bad Dr. Lecter and C older than he was before his first outing as Hannibal, the  actor  will apparently play a younger version of the villain ", "Manhunter by The Insider's Michael Mann in 1986. It starred  Brian Cox  (of TV's Nuremberg) as the bad Dr. Lecter and C older than he was before his first outing as Hannibal, the  actor  will apparently play a younger version of the villain ", "Manhunter by The Insider's Michael Mann in 1986. It starred  Brian Cox  (of TV's Nuremberg) as the bad Dr. Lecter and C older than he was before his first outing as Hannibal, the  actor  will apparently play a younger version of the villain ", "by The Insider's Michael Mann in 1986. It starred  Brian Cox  (of TV's Nuremberg) as the bad Dr. Lecter and C older than he was before his first outing as Hannibal, the  actor  will apparently play a younger version of the villain ", 'debut with the Chris Tucker  film  Money Talks and has also the screenplay for the new  film . Red Dragon has been adapted director Michael Mann. That  film , Manhunter, starred William appearance by Scottish-born  actor Brian Cox  as Hannibal. The switch ', 'debut with the Chris Tucker  film  Money Talks and has also the screenplay for the new  film . Red Dragon has been adapted director Michael Mann. That  film , Manhunter, starred William appearance by Scottish-born  actor Brian Cox  as Hannibal. The switch ', 'debut with the Chris Tucker  film  Money Talks and has also the screenplay for the new  film . Red Dragon has been adapted director Michael Mann. That  film , Manhunter, starred William appearance by Scottish-born  actor Brian Cox  as Hannibal. The switch ', 'debut with the Chris Tucker  film  Money Talks and has also the screenplay for the new  film . Red Dragon has been adapted director Michael Mann. That  film , Manhunter, starred William appearance by Scottish-born  actor Brian Cox  as Hannibal. The switch ', 'debut with the Chris Tucker  film  Money Talks and has also the screenplay for the new  film . Red Dragon has been adapted director Michael Mann. That  film , Manhunter, starred William appearance by Scottish-born  actor Brian Cox  as Hannibal. The switch ', 'told Reuters. The  film , which cost $80 Sunday at the Berlin  Film  Festival. Playing ready to appear in a  film  version of Red Dragon as Manhunter, with  Brian Cox  playing Lecter for Hannibal. The  actor , who won an Oscar ', "the 2008 Sundance  Film  Festival and in a we'll be talking to  Brian Cox  the star of the escapist Things. I want it.  Brian Cox  welcomed the popcorn the premiere of his  film  the escapist 2008 Sundance  Film  Festival and it's ", "to popcorn I'm Peter Travers and we're here at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and in a minute we'll be talking to Brian Cox the star of the escapist. A prison escape movie with something else happening underneath the real interesting twist. But first let's take ", "comes again. Courtesy of but anything's -- Things. I want -- it. Brian Cox welcomed the popcorn it's great to have you here I'm -- even if you have just come. From the premiere of his film the escapist -- 2008 Sundance Film Festival and it's the first time you've seen the movie is so are you feeling. Choked particularly -- whom groups. It's so ", "that we are right now which is park city Utah the Sundance Film Festival. Where imagination gets to thrive sometimes in the way Hollywood does it may happen. -- touched -- a good thing about this festival. This is the first time feature directed. And I wanna know from you. How. He gets to you with this material and you say yes. He just knew because we didn't film -- -- with the Austrian Jews who -- To be honest we threw. From. Producer console -- the growth was whispers back ", "you LIE. It was. What  Brian Cox  Nokia and Daniel Day-Lewis guys yeah this Even as an  actor  who had this experience that there wasn't on this  film . Where. Bob and I had Even though it's dark  film  and in some aspects I hope ", "with that first time I saw you -- LIE. It was. What Brian Cox -- Nokia and Daniel Day-Lewis. Will be blood cases you've been with these guys yeah this -- -- -- Even as an actor who had this experience on intimidation factor affecting -- you have to delude yourself into into believing that you're not intimidated essentially you because you what when you're on said. See you just can't afford to be. Thinking about. External things like you know somebody's career and what they mean to you as a person. It's just you you can't you can't do that there wasn't -- on this film . Where. Bob and I had a -- a five page scene we shine all day to twelve hours on this one scene. ", 'Their fear of becoming irrelevant and this coach played by  Brian Cox . Who was held them together for twenty years. Is using takes the most out of but it gives you the most back as an  actor  nothing to do it every night. You know worn out you 100 ', 'out of -- but it gives you the most back as an actor nothing to do it every night. You know worn out -- you 100% of your willingness and you may not get a ']