["Team USA came out firing, setting an American record in the women's 4x800-meter by 13 seconds at the Penn Relays, held April 24-26 in Philadelphia. The team of Lea Wallace (Napa, Calif.), Brenda Martinez (Rancho Cucamonga, Calif.), Ajee Wilson (Neptune City, N.J.) and Alysia Montano (Canyon Country, Calif.) crossed the finish line in 8:04.31. Their opening victory set the tone for Team USA to win four of the six events in the 14th edition of USA vs. the World.MADDEN CROWNED CHAMPION AT FEI WORLD CUP FINALAboard Simon, Beezie Madden (Cazenovia, N.Y.) emerged as the champion of the 2013 Rolex/FEI World Cup Final, held April 25-28 in Gothenburg, Sweden. Outlasting 2012 Olympic champion Steve Guerdat of Switzerland in a jump-off, her victory marked the second consecutive year an American rider has won the FEI World Cup Final. Three other Americans joined Madden in the top twelve: three-time Olympian McClain Ward (fifth; Brewster, N.Y.), 2012 Olympian Reed Kessler (10th; Lexington, K.Y.) an...", "The persistent rain ruined high jumper Jesse Williams' rhythm and nearly washed away his Olympic chances right along with it.The reigning world champion bowed out of...", "Wilson Kiprop surged to the lead with 50 meters to go and won the Kenyan Olympic 10,000 meters trials in the year's fastest time at the Prefontaine Classic Diamond L...", "Wilson Kiprop never imagined he would be Kenya's leading 10,000 meters medal hope at the London Games but on a drizzly Friday night in Oregon, the 2010 African champ...", 'Tim Burke (Paul Smiths, N.Y.) made U.S. biathlon team history on Feb. 14, winning silver in the 20-kilometer individual event at the 2013 IBU World Championships in ...', 'Around the 2012 Olympics and its host city with journalists from The Associated Press bringing the flavor and details of the games to you:___WORLD RECORD?Both jogged...', "Arlo White is just grateful that he recognized Alex Morgan's head.NBC's play-by-play announcer for Olympic women's soccer doesn't want to think about what would have...", "Arlo White is just grateful that he recognized Alex Morgan's head.NBC's play-by-play announcer for Olympic women's soccer doesn't want to think about what would have...", "Around the 2012 Olympics and its host city with journalists from The Associated Press bringing the flavor and details of the games to you:___CAUSING A SPLASHThere's ...", "Jesse Williams, the reigning world champion in the men's high jump, finished fourth at the USA Track and Field Olympic Trials on Monday but still qualified for the L..."]