["surprisingly tight lipped. The whole family took to Twitter to wish the dads in their lives a happy Father's Day - including  Bruce Jenner  and Scott Disick. But Kris Jenner noted the special significance of this Father's Day for new parents, tweeting ", '(Image Credit: Getty Images)  Bruce Jenner  dropped a bombshell recently when he revealed that his stepdaughter Kim Kardashian \'s future baby daddy Kanye West "hasn\'t ', 'residents, both past and present, perhaps most notably Suzanne Collins, author of "The Hunger Games" series, and  Bruce Jenner , the 1976 Summer Olympics decathlon gold medalist. "ER\'s" Anthony Edwards and illustrator and author William Hamilton ', 'did not respond immediately to ABCNews.com\'s request for comment. Jenner, mother of Kim Kardashian and wife of  Bruce Jenner , has already built up a TV empire with E! reality show "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" franchise and has served ', 'Noel Vasquez/Getty Images Sources close to  Bruce Jenner  have told TMZ that he had surgery on Friday after a biopsy revealed a red mark on his face was an early form of skin cancer. According ', 'with an unnamed younger man came after the birth of Odom and her siblings. Today, she is married to former Olympian  Bruce Jenner , whose name also appeared in the article in Star, accused by Ellen Kardashian of being a cross dresser with a secret ', "hosting duties, a $100,000 bump up from last year when she first hosted NYE at Tao. Mom Kris Jenner and stepfather  Bruce Jenner  will tag along, while the rest of the Kardashian clan spreads out in Sin City. Kardashian's brother Rob will be ", 'blue-green dress, rests her arm on the shoulder of husband  Bruce Jenner . Scott Disick, Lamar Odom and 1-year-old Mason Kylie and Kendall Jenner, the daughters of Kris and  Bruce Jenner . Kris Humphries, whose fairytale televised wedding ', 'people at a crowded market in nearby Peshawar. Many of the victims were women and children. Famous Birthdays: 1949  Bruce Jenner  1955 Bill Gates 1956 Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 1966 Andy Richter 1967 Julia Roberts 1969 Ben Harper 1972 Terrell Davis 1972 ', 'with sisters Kourtney, Kim and Khloe Kardashian, Kendall and Kylie Jenner, mother Kris Jenner and step-dad  Bruce Jenner . The only son of the late attorney Robert Kardashian and Kris Jenner, Kardashian graduated from Marshall School of ', 'Kim Kardashian Cashes In Big on Wedding to Kris Humphries With Deals, Steals and Gifts', 'princess-style ivory Vera Wang gown, Kardashian, 30, walked down the aisle on the arm of her stepfather, Olympic great  Bruce Jenner . This was her second wedding, and Humphries\' first. "The moment she turned the corner and she was on Bruce\'s ', "Cookbook all of this could get order disorder strikes again we'll get credit products Canada Britain and his daughter on  Bruce .  Jenner  and Chris and yet allegedly. He might be headed for divorce court according to you The National Enquirer Bruce says ", "check it out and apparently Khloe and her husband Lamar Odom there are according as a boyfriend Scott does it can even  Bruce Jenner  as. Bruce they're looking happy but apparently not con game so whatever radar radar online dot com has been reporting ", "Odom there are according as a boyfriend Scott does it can even Bruce Jenner as. Bruce -- they're looking happy but apparently not con game so whatever radar -- radar online dot com has been reporting ", 'a really kind of a waste of money and resources and drama and stressful anyway the latest victims. Where Chris and  Bruce Jenner  jobs in the heads because someone. Made in the prank call and so all the authority show up at the mansion in LA on ', '-- -- drama and stressful anyway the latest victims. Where Chris and Bruce Jenner jobs in the -- -- -- heads because someone. Made in the prank call and so all the authority show up at ', "you equipment diverted because you've got the dish he thinks it talked about today so contrary to popular belief.  Bruce Jenner  and Chris are not. Splitting up. That is correct I sold last night capping the deep that's musical. Opened on Broadway ", "dish he thinks it talked about today so contrary to popular belief. Bruce Jenner and Chris are not. Splitting up. That is correct I sold -- -- last night capping the deep that's musical. Opened on ", "layers and decadent rushing. It all takes place in this multimillion dollar Los Angeles mansion king's stepfather  Bruce Jenner  would give her away. An emotional aspect in the Ryan Seacrest radio show Friday to talk about more than just the glitz ", "takes place in this multimillion dollar Los Angeles mansion -- king's stepfather Bruce Jenner would give her away. An emotional aspect in the Ryan Seacrest radio show Friday to talk about more than just the glitz "]