['dome, there\'s no easy answer." The gulls disappeared late in the 2011 season when a red-tailed hawk nicknamed " Bruce Lee " began frequenting the park. But when the hawk disappeared, the gulls returned. Federal law prohibits shooting the ', 'The late superstar  Bruce Lee  is best-known for the kung fu skills government has teamed up with the  Bruce Lee  Foundation to put together an exhibition exhibition that opened Saturday, " Bruce Lee : Kung fu. Art. Life," has more ', 'require him to give up valuable keepsakes, including memorabilia related to iconic figures such as martial arts actor  Bruce Lee , Michael Jackson, Jimi Hendrix and Martin Luther King, Jr.', 'president at this year\'s Berlinale. "The Grandmaster" tells the love story of martial arts master Ip Man, who trained  Bruce Lee . The Chinese firm Tesiro, as one of the festival\'s main sponsors, will provide jewelry for the stars on the red ', 'uses his arms as a form of expression, with tattoos to symbolize his family; his fraternity, Omega Psi Phi; and even  Bruce Lee . Rep. Dan Boren also has a fraternity tattoo. He joined Kappa Sigma. Get more pure politics at ABCNews.com/Politics ', 'Chicagoland Democrat Jackson? He has two half-sleeves nearly done, complete with portraits of his family and boyhood hero  Bruce Lee . "I believe in body art," Jackson said, explaining that he tries "to get a new tattoo every year." On tap for Jackson ', "has been unlocked and is at the player's disposal. From Kratos to Freddy Krueger, this game has more fighters then a  Bruce Lee  movie. The same fast and brutal moves found on previous versions are all here, including the eye-pleasing X-Ray ", 'crashes his SUV outside his house. Soon details of his many affairs begin to leak to the public. Famous Birthdays 1940  Bruce Lee  1942 Jimi Hendrix 1955 Bill Nye 1957 Caroline Kennedy 1960 Tim Pawlenty 1970 Erik Menendez 1976 Jaleel White', 'return, the beer app is being viewed as forward-thinking by some but tacky by others. "It\'s horrifying," says  Bruce Lee  Livingston, executive director of the Marin Institute, a watchdog group that tracks alcoholic beverage marketing ', 'Xperia-capable titles: Madden NFL 11 by EA Sports,  Bruce Lee  Dragon Warrior by Digital Legends, Asphalt 6: Adrenaline cranky at times. At one point, the screen froze while the  Bruce Lee  game was loading. The graphics were pretty impressive ', "Love at First Dance for 'Real Modern Family' Couple Separated in Age By Nearly 30 Years", 'cook Filipino recipes, and educates her about  Bruce Lee . "Everything is about  Bruce Lee . Every time we see karate fighting, it\'s like \'I like  Bruce Lee . That\'s like  Bruce Lee  ... I\'m going to ', 'Crow" Killing. A budding action star\'s career was cut short when Brandon Lee -- son of famed martial arts actor  Bruce Lee  -- was accidentally killed on the set of 1994\'s "The Crow." The film involved a sequence in which a villain was ', 'admitted to stealing $750,000 in campaign funds for personal gain. Morabilia from michael jackson, jimi hendrix and  bruce lee . Furs, home furnishings, a rolex watch worth $43,000. Jackson now faces more than four years in prison, as part ', 'campaign funds for personal gain. Morabilia from michael jackson, jimi hendrix and bruce lee . Furs, home furnishings, a rolex watch worth $43,000. Jackson now faces more than four years in prison, as part of his guilty ', "Guinness world record at Ford jumping over three moving up their showed nerves of steel as a vehicles raced at him at thirty miles an hour. He posted his feet on And it says that he was inspired by watching a  Bruce Lee  movie when just didn't.", "-- -- And it says that he was inspired by watching a Bruce Lee movie when -- just didn't. ", "They are the original Kung Fu masters who inspired Jackie Chan and  Bruce Lee  and a certain animated movie panda. But the real crouching tigers don't just fight. We've got amazing ability to heal as ", "They are the original Kung Fu masters who inspired Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee and a certain animated movie panda. But the real crouching tigers don't just fight. We've got amazing ability to heal as ABC's ", "pertains. That expression. That won't be expression in the don't necessarily have to be. Music. What like say like  Bruce Lee . Willie Nelson. He's gasoline and you know that role. From the heart. Right here the. great great. We come together ", "the don't necessarily have to be. Music. What like say like -- Bruce Lee . Willie Nelson. He's gasoline and you know -- -- that role. From the heart. Right here -- the. -- great great. We "]