['Bill and Karen Moreau tried to flee to family home, but family had to leave that house, too', 'Officials: Black Forest Fire has scorched close to 16,000 acres and killed at least two people', "Colorado Springs (CNN) -- Nearly 500 homes have been destroyed in what authorities believe is the worst wildfire in Colorado history. Every single one of them has a story, and there are sure to be plenty more told as Friday's forecast predicts more scorching heat and strong winds.", "Bill and Karen Moreau are sitting in a hotel room 15 miles away from the home they planned to spend the rest of their lives in. For the past three nights, they've struggled to sleep, dreaming fitfully that they are again walking its 7,000 square feet of hardwood floors. They open their huge front doors, and are immediately soothed by the view from large windows, an expanse of lush timber.", '"We had the most beautiful home," Karen Moreau said. "It\'s just so sad that it\'s gone."', "As firefighters and a cavalcade of responders battle the Black Forest Fire near Colorado Springs, families like the Moreaus are torn between absolute gratitude that they are safe, and sorrow that they've nothing left of their homes besides memories.", 'Plumes of smoke rise above Del Norte Peak in Colorado on Sunday, June 23. Fires have been burning across Colorado since early June.', 'Smoke fills the sky as dawn breaks near South Fork, Colorado, on Saturday, June 22. ', 'Colorado State Patrol Officer Jessie Bartunek speaks to a resident on the outskirts of South Fork on June 22.', 'Firefighters monitor a wildfire in a residential area in South Fork on Friday, June 21.', 'A photo taken by the Pike Interagency Hotshot Crew shows the West Fork Fire Complex, made up of the West Fork Fire and Windy Pass Fire, burning 15 miles north of Pagosa Springs, Colorado, on Thursday, June 20.', 'The West Fork Fire Complex burns 15 miles north of Pagosa Springs, on June 20, as a fire crew truck is parked nearby.', 'Smoke from the West Fork Fire Complex consisting of the West Fork and Windy Pass fires fills the sky on June 20.', 'A mix of smoke and storm clouds gathers in Colorado Springs, Colorado, on Friday, June 14, three days after two major wildfires burned through the area. Rain has aided firefighters in containing the fires.', 'Bonnie Kruse hugs her husband, James Kruse, at a press conference in Colorado Springs on June 14.', 'El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa speaks during a press conference about the Black Forest fire on June 14 in Colorado Springs. County spokesman Dave Rose told CNN it appeared to be the most destructive in the history of Colorado.', 'An orange sky highlights a fire on Thursday, June 13, that has been burning since June 11 near Colorado Springs. ', 'An aerial view on June 13 shows destroyed house and vehicles after the Black Forest Fire passed through Black Forest, Colorado.', 'A baseball game goes on despite a raging wildfire in Colorado on Wednesday, June 12.', 'A firefighter fights a blaze near Black Forest, Colorado, on Wednesday, June 12. The Black Forest Fire is one of two major wildfires near Colorado Springs. The other, the Royal Gorge Fire, is threatening the Royal Gorge Suspension Bridge.', 'Smoke billows from the Black Forest Fire near a house north of Colorado Springs on June 12.', 'High temperatures, dry brush and gusty winds are proving to be a catastrophic combination in central Colorado.', ' An airplane drops flame retardant over the Black Forest Fire on June 12 near Colorado Springs.', 'Schad Dohl watches a wall of fire as it rages through the Black Forest near Colorado Springs on Wednesday, June 12.', 'A house burns late in the evening on Tuesday, June 11, northeast of Colorado Springs.', 'Firefighters from the Black Forest Fire Department race toward a burning home near Colorado Springs on June 11.', "El Paso County Sheriff's Deputy Dan Cukowski helps Linda Davies walk her livestock out from the evacuated area in Colorado Springs on June 11.", 'Andrew Dunlap and his father, Dave Dunlap, watch as a wildfire burns behind their house in Colorado Springs on June 11.', 'Motorists stop along Interquest Parkway in Colorado Springs on June 11 to watch the advance of a wildfire burning in the Black Forest.', 'Lynd Fitzgerald sprays fire retardant around a house in Colorado Springs on June 11.', "Around 3 p.m. Tuesday, Bill Moreau got a call at work from a friend warning him that he'd better get home. The Black Forest Fire was headed toward his neighborhood.", 'That day, there was little indication that the fire would pick up as it has, moving with a ferocity that has shocked seasoned emergency professionals.', 'Moreau met his wife, Karen, and their 30-year-old son, Craig, at home and saw smoke billowing two to three miles away.', 'Just as Californians prepare themselves for an earthquake and Floridians for a hurricane, Colorado residents know what they need to grab from home in case of a wildfire.', 'They grabbed their passports, birth certificates and some clothes. Bill got his computer.', '"After a while, it was just random," Karen said. "You start to think, \'Well, what else do I take?\' "', "The family had three cars, so each person took one. Lucy, the family lab, jumped into Karen's car.", "Karen and Craig drove away, heading toward the Moreaus' other son's house about five miles away. That son, Kevin, and his wife, Sylvia, had a baby eight days ago.", '"It went through the woods like a demon," he recalled. "It was hard to take your eyes away from it. The smoke didn\'t go straight up. It billowed, and it churned. It was like it had a life. It was chewing up the woods.', '"You could hear propane tanks exploding," he said. "Every time [the fire] would hit a house, the smoke would turn jet black for a second. It ran through that neighborhood faster than you could run."', 'Moreau had to get out, and get out fast. So he pulled out and joined the thick traffic of other people trying to get out.', "Not long after he arrived at his son Kevin and Sylvia's house, the fire had spread their way. Smoke was billowing above the couple's house.", 'Kevin and Sylvia, concerned about their baby Emmet, tried to keep steady and calm.', 'The entire family jumped into their cars and took off. At this point, drivers were moving fast, and some seemed panicked.', "On Wednesday, around 5 a.m., Bill Moreau was feeling anxious. He couldn't sleep. He was worried about his house.", "The fire couldn't be that bad, he thought, at least not dangerous enough to keep him from driving in the direction of his home with Lucy in the front seat of his Jeep.", 'So Bill Moreau sat on his deck, sipped some water while Lucy slurped from her water bowl.', "Back at the hotel, he was feeling pretty good. Things were going to work out and they'd be home soon enough, he thought.", '"The look on their faces was ... I was thought, \'Oh, no, did the kids\' house burn down?\' "', 'On Friday, Karen Moreau said sadness just comes over her and she has to take a minute.', 'She broke down in front of a hotel clerk who walked around the counter to hug her.', 'The baby is bringing more joy than they thought possible. "Emmet is getting held a lot," Bill Moreau said.', 'While the Moreaus try to push on, officials say that the Black Forest Fire has scorched close to 16,000 acres and killed at least two people. Authorities said Friday that they are surveying about 7,000 homes in the area.', 'At an 11 a.m. briefing Friday, El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa said workers plan to have a couple of updates about homes throughout the day. Marked units are moving through neighborhoods, and if they see a door ajar or flames approaching a home, they call for firefighters, the sheriff said.', 'He said that he feels more encouraged about results of efforts to battle the Black Forest Fire and that authorities "gained some tremendous ground" when it came to identifying hotspots and saving structures.', '"To me, it was the turning point we were looking for," he said, though he acknowledged conditions could change.', 'Some 750 firefighters have helped contain the blaze by 5%. With the help of helicopters and air tankers, they established a loose perimeter.', "The fire's evacuation area was 93,000 acres, affecting approximately 38,000 people and 13,000 homes, and the flames were estimated to have burned through 15,700 acres, Maketa said.", 'There were other fires in the state as well, including in Grand and Huerfano counties. Black Forest was the biggest of the blazes.', "CNN's Paul Vercammen reported from Colorado Springs, and Ashley Fantz wrote in Atlanta."]