["bit of Hollywood trivia what Oscar winning writer. Can barely read. That is  Billy Bob Thornton  and his struggles with Alexia just one of the fascinating slivers. Of an unlikely leading man's life there also bizarre eating ", "of Hollywood trivia what Oscar winning writer. Can barely read. That is Billy Bob Thornton and his struggles with -- Alexia -- just one of the fascinating slivers. Of an unlikely leading man's life there also bizarre ", "Billy Bob Thornton  joins us now thanks for coming in and what a fun way to a book you it all out with Kinky Friedman. Yeah well it's. There would ", 'Billy Bob Thornton joins us now thanks for coming in and what a fun way to -- a book you -- it all out with ', "And the estranged daughter of actor  Billy Bob Thornton  has been convicted of manslaughter in Florida. Thornton's daughter Amanda Brown field was found guilty of aggravated manslaughter ", "And the estranged daughter of actor Billy Bob Thornton has been convicted of manslaughter in Florida. Thornton's daughter Amanda Brown field was found guilty of aggravated manslaughter of a child. That ", 'wore a shirt to the wedding that had his name on it. Written in her blood. And that of course she famously married  Billy Bob Thornton  in Vegas so this is not any one of those Angelina weddings this is going to be a very enemy and to be went well ', 'it. Written in her blood. And that of course she famously married Billy Bob Thornton in Vegas so this is not any one of those -- -- Angelina weddings this is going to be a very -- ', "decade he goes on this Rampage try to. Again avenge his brother's death that happened during the bank robbery  Billy Bob Thornton  is in it is well let's listen to a clip and and I think. But boy they killed. Us my brother. Kimberly on the ", "Again avenge his brother's death that happened during the bank robbery -- Billy Bob Thornton is in it is well let's listen to a clip and and -- -- -- I think. But boy they killed. Us ", "I don't think anyone would have known this but  Billy Bob Thornton  has come out and said don't blame me. For Tea of broken up before any of this happen. But now  Billy Bob Thornton  is making a public statement saying despite text ", "didn't say anything I don't think anyone would have known this but Billy Bob Thornton has come out and said don't blame me. For Tea Leoni and David Duchovny splitting up so yesterday they announced they were splitting up. There's been all these you know people have been talking about his sex addiction apparently they were kind of broken up before any of this happen. But now Billy Bob Thornton is making a public statement saying despite text messages -- whenever you hear not true. ", "assessed about what I was eating how many calories it had and how much exercise have to do. Guys like Earnest Graham  Billy Bob Thornton  industry that. Obviously a huge premium on image and I think that's where you start to see problems popping up ", "and how much exercise -- have to do. Guys like Earnest Graham Billy Bob Thornton -- -- industry that. Obviously -- a huge premium on image and I think that's where you start to see problems popping ", "explores those what you what you mean your the you are to society where you are in the media. Mark. Tell you got  Billy Bob Thornton  a sign on we all know him for his you know it's kind of his dark comedy is dark humor and it as I know. Yeah I'm ", "to society where you are in the media. Mark. Tell you got Billy Bob Thornton a sign on we all know him for his -- you know it's kind of his dark comedy is dark humor and "]