['This week on "Popcorn with Peter Travers," Peter names the best and worst movies of the year so far!', 'days in "monster university."  Billy crystal  is here. I don\'t mean to get tears. Now, get off. Welcome to  billy crystal . Thanks for being here. Thanks across, leaving a slime thing.  Billy crystal , thanks very much. That\'s ', 'from "monster\'s inc." Will look at their college days in "monster university." Billy crystal is here. I don\'t mean to get emotional. But everything in my life has led to this moment. It\'s not just the beginning of my dream. But all of our dreams. Phil, keep using the oiptment until that thing goes away. I wish you all the best. Thank you all so much. I\'m welling up with tears. Now, get off. Welcome to billy crystal . Thanks for being here. Thanks. We just heard josh about to tell us about the in depth research for "the killing season." ', "then, you have a big slug walking across, leaving a slime thing. Billy crystal , thanks very much. That's it? That's it. What did I do? That's it? I'd love to say -- we have ", 'now three decades after they met. Bette Midler and  Billy Crystal  are joining forces on the silver screen for the first miss Stanwyck. Knowing that I would bet Midler and  Billy Crystal  at the theme music theater to talk about their new film ', "Hollywood fame and now three decades after they met. Bette Midler and Billy Crystal are joining forces on the silver screen for the first time and they tell Michael -- -- McFadden all about going from old friends. To new co stars. And we would be shooting Padilla and we'd have a little loan. And that would have a back to me I would do this I'll miss Stanwyck. Knowing that I would bet Midler and Billy Crystal at the theme music -- theater to talk about their new film parental guidance. I -- I -- what I read that ", "neil patrick harris kills it again. What a superstar. Exactly. He's going to be the emmys host in the fall. The  billy crystal  of this. He is fantastic. The greatest ad for broadway that you could get. Incredibly entertaining, funny, huge ", "Exactly. He's going to be the emmys host in the fall. The billy crystal of this. He is fantastic. The greatest ad for broadway that you could get. Incredibly entertaining, funny, huge owe vague and had ", 'And abruptly pulled out fact  Billy Crystal  cracking jokes about agreeing has the story. Back funnyman  Billy Crystal  has once again put a smile on unfamiliar with his Oscars did.  Billy Crystal  is so synonymous with the Oscars ', "host the Oscars after Eddie Murphy. And abruptly pulled out -- fact Billy Crystal cracking jokes about agreeing to return to the stage for Hollywood's biggest night. An ABC's Chris currently has the story. Back funnyman Billy Crystal has once again put a smile on Oscar loving faces since my. My grass roots run for governor didn't -- called this. ", 'comedic lead with twenty somethings unfamiliar with his -- -- Oscars did. Billy Crystal is so synonymous with the Oscars that I think people. Think just love the idea of him hosting again and he gets ', "were going back to future at least in a way because  Billy Crystal  is returning to take on hosting duties and well we've itself. And that was on And that more or less from  Billy Crystal  online dot com again Oscar dot com it launches today ", "show were going back to future at least in a way because Billy Crystal is returning to take on hosting duties and well we've got an exclusive first look at exactly what Billy's. -- I think ", 'was on -- -- -- And that -- more or less from Billy Crystal online -- -- dot com again Oscar dot com it launches today. Plus video of the most amazing moments -- Academy Awards ', "Billy Crystal  has made a career of being funny and looking model that's from I went there. But it wasn't always line the filly came up with all have what she's So you you get you know you get gifts when you get  Billy Crystal .", "Billy Crystal has made a career of being funny and looking model that's from -- I went there. But it wasn't always the guy ", 'Oscar news now the reigning king emeritus of hosting the Oscars is about to come back and save the day. Comedian  Billy Crystal  agreed to return and host the Oscars for the ninth time. Replacing Eddie Murphy who just dropped out and crystal made ', 'the Oscars is about to come back and save the day. Comedian Billy Crystal agreed to return and host the Oscars for the ninth time. Replacing Eddie Murphy who just dropped out and crystal made the ', 'got your first on behalf. In good just texted. any famous faces well that was William Kitchener Robin Williams Vinnie Jones Josh Dudamel and box. And of course your Oscar host  Billy Crystal  the 84 Academy Awards air February 26 on me.', 'Jones Josh Dudamel -- and box. And of course your Oscar host Billy Crystal the 84 Academy Awards air February 26 on me. ', "to the news with the countdown to the Oscars it has officially begun with the academy releasing a hilariously bad. For the awards show take look. We can't on behalf. You couldn't just texted. And Billy is back in the Oscars airs February basics right here. On ABC and congratulations this morning to", 'Billy Crystal  knows how to make an entrance at the Oscars in 1991. He in on its force from seriously. The next year he came as a black tie ', 'Billy Crystal knows how to make an entrance at the Oscars in 1991. He -- in on its force from seriously. The next year ', "early morning. Another special guest it is the great  Billy Crystal  to sell Who is calling in to he's somewhere in New about Chang gets your thoughts. I'm interviewing  Billy Crystal  and has managed to only kept your hair and has to get ", "bring in this early morning. Another special guest it is the great Billy Crystal -- to sell -- Who is calling in to -- he's somewhere in New York City and Billy thanks so much for ", "Will play a little bit about Chang gets your thoughts. I'm interviewing Billy Crystal and has managed to only -- kept your hair and has to get you want to -- -- -- something. To put. ", "in these movies just on the special effects. Well that's thinking monsters university back including the voice of  Billy Crystal . I can't go to clintons and their union includes not a sequel but a prequel. Years before monsters we need. Another ", "Well that's thinking -- monsters university -- back including the voice of Billy Crystal . I can't go to clintons and their union includes not a sequel but a prequel. Years before monsters we -- need. Another ", "macfarlane. The funny man says he's been working on his material for five months. He even asked last year's host,  billy crystal , who's done it nine times in all for advice. Macfarlane says crystal told him to wear comfortable shoes. Whatever ", "on his material for five months. He even asked last year's host, billy crystal , who's done it nine times in all for advice. Macfarlane says crystal told him to wear comfortable shoes. Whatever shoes he does ", "the younger viewers but look the critics always have a field day on the Oscars so we wish him well though. I think it's going to be the funniest one yet he's a funny guy but he's more Ricky Gervais that he is  Billy Crystal  so to him.", "he's a funny guy but he's more Ricky Gervais that he is Billy Crystal so to him. ", 'Seth MacFarlane cited  Billy Crystal  and Johnny Carson as past Oscars hosts who struck a balance between class and effectiveness. So. Did the 39 year old take inspiration ', 'Seth MacFarlane cited Billy Crystal and Johnny Carson as past Oscars hosts who struck a balance between class and effectiveness. So. Did the 39 year old take ', 'Billy Crystal  right across the state general sports Ben Stiller in blue as a character from avatar these are some of Oscars moments that left ', 'Billy Crystal right across the state general sports Ben Stiller in blue as a character from avatar these are some of Oscars moments that ', "Academy Awards he lives. I thought he did great at cutting its funny he a to the show that it really badly looted after  Billy Crystal  last year. So I I loved I and I thought he was just the right amount of There was still a song and dance it's really ", 'a -- -- to the show that it really badly looted after Billy Crystal last year. So I I loved -- I and I thought he was just the right amount of -- There was still ', "fact that it. But think about it like when crystal most of last year I think he did article of people saying who was  Billy Crystal  was all these young kids with wouldn't believe that generational differences from. Decide who's right. The lower ", "I think -- he did -- article of people saying who was Billy Crystal was all these young kids with -- wouldn't believe that generational differences from. Decide who's right. The lower standard Peter guys thank "]