["Klugman attended Carnegie Mellon University. He was married to Brett Somers from 1953 to 2007. They had two children, Adam Klugman and David Klugman. He married Peggy Crosby, the ex-wife of  Bing Crosby 's son, Phillip Crosby, in 2008.", 'ultimately embodied by Julia Louis-Dreyfuss -- included Rosie O\'Donnell and Megan Mullally. Lieutenant Columbo:  Bing Crosby  was offered the title role on "Columbo," but turned it down, leaving the way open for Peter Falk . Frasier Crane ', 'singing in the rain. He would have us jumping and swinging around polls." Dryer\'s favorites: Cab Calloway; and  Bing Crosby \'s "I\'ll Be Home for Christmas," which he sings in a soulful voice. Dr. Oliver Sacks, a neurologist and author ', 'replied, "No." The affair isn\'t the only salacious story in Alford\'s book. She writes that at a party hosted by  Bing Crosby , Kennedy popped under her nose a drug capsule said to enhance sex, and that she "ran crying from the room" because ', 'been remastered on Blu-ray and features commentary by Rosemary Clooney as well as DVD extras on Irving Berlin and  Bing Crosby . ($15.99.) TV: " True Blood: The Complete Second Season DVD " Sink your teeth into Anna Paquin and Stephen ', 'in a movie your kids will love. White Christmas The  Bing Crosby  classic is a holiday staple. Rudolph, the Red-Nosed version of A Christmas Carol from 1951. T Holiday Inn  Bing Crosby  at his best. Source: www.kaboose.com Click here ', 'there\'s a gown on display from "High Society," the 1956 musical in which Kelly was cast opposite Frank Sinatra and  Bing Crosby . As Lister explains, it\'s made up of "many layers of diaphanous silk chiffon, grays and pink - the pastel shades ', 'Bing Crosby  famously dreamed of a white Christmas, but he knew the lure of some fun in the sun, too. "Mele Kalikimaka," the American crooner ', "husky, sleepy-eyed actor who played all those noirish roles that told you there was something not so squeaky clean in  Bing Crosby 's America, but Mitchum got those parts only after the arrest, in which he was caught in bed with two girls in ", 'world headlines. Her interviews have also included the greats of the entertainment world, including Michael Jackson,  Bing Crosby , Lawrence Olivier, John Wayne, Bette Davis, Aubrey Hepburn, George Clooney, Harrison Ford and many others. "Barbara ', 'from downtown, I fell in love with the place. The Hotel Palmilla turned out to be famous. Frequent visitors like  Bing Crosby , Bob Hope and others of that ilk, made it a getaway. No TV, no gift shop, one phone (in the lobby), just pure ', 'Actor debuts his rendition of "Did You Ever See A Dream Walking" on "Popcorn with Peter Travers."', "entire game. Until now David Wright has more on how  bing Crosby 's baseball and superstition. Help preserve a piece But she told us the stories he felt that he jinx from  Bing Crosby  couldn't even stand to stay in the country so he asked ", "of the entire game. Until now David Wright has more on how bing Crosby's -- baseball and superstition. Help preserve a piece of history. And -- is Nicole is the greatest game ever here comes -- ", "But she told us the stories he felt that he jinx from Bing Crosby couldn't even stand to stay in the country so he asked someone to fill in the game ought to TV. -- he ", "entire game. Until now David Wright has more on how  bing Crosby 's baseball and superstition. Help preserve a piece But she told us the stories he felt that he jinx from  Bing Crosby  couldn't even stand to stay in the country so he asked ", "of the entire game. Until now David Wright has more on how bing Crosby's -- baseball and superstition. Help preserve a piece of history. And -- is Nicole is the greatest game ever here comes -- ", "But she told us the stories he felt that he jinx from Bing Crosby couldn't even stand to stay in the country so he asked someone to fill in the game ought to TV. -- he ", 'you put it in natural. The pilot Colombo was directed by a very young Steven Spielberg and starring role was meant to  Bing Crosby . But he can get done preparing to affect his golf games every episode ended with Colombo revelation conceded. surely ', 'by a very young Steven Spielberg and starring role was meant to Bing Crosby . But he can get done preparing to affect his golf games every episode ended with -- Colombo revelation conceded. -- surely appreciate ', 'show this for more than fifty years his first job was as an NB CH. Back in 1956 he wanted to be a singer like his idol  Bing Crosby  or a late night TV host like his other idol Johnny Carson but luckily for us. He became our morning cup of Regis ', 'in 1956 -- he wanted to be a singer like his idol Bing Crosby or a late night TV host like his other idol Johnny Carson but luckily for us. He became our morning cup of ', 'have to stay in this house six years old. in WNEW which was key radio station New York City. And every night at 930  Bing Crosby  would have a half hour songs. I thought he was my friend after awhile and we it like that a date but it was time to ', 'was key radio station New York City. And every night at 930 Bing Crosby would have a half hour songs. I thought he was my friend after awhile and -- we -- it like that -- ', "done every artist singing for Christmas. It means you wish you man. Christmas they know it will never original and  Bing Crosby . 67. ago. law. Value and the only. The And listen. In this. That's much more thanks. To won't.", 'man. -- Christmas they -- know it will never -- original and Bing Crosby . 67. -- ago. -- law. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Value and the only. The -- And listen. -- -- ']