['you\'ll never forget him if you see him in the broadway revival in "a streetcar named desire" please welcome  blair underwood ! . . Blair, great to have you. Hard to believe, your broadway debut, right down there. Eight shows a week ', 'him in the broadway revival in "a streetcar named desire" please welcome blair underwood ! . . Blair, great to have you. Hard to believe, your broadway debut, right down there. Eight shows a week. How are ', "thank you, first of all, intern kristin, well done. Great work out of you. And rebecca george, for dropping by and saving me tons of and tons of cash. We'll have this information for you on our website.  Blair underwood  coming up.", "tons of cash. We'll have this information for you on our website. Blair underwood coming up. ", "Pelosi and Colin Powell. Hollywood directors M. Night Shyamalan and Steven Spielberg and actors Alfre Woodard and  Blair Underwood  and even yours truly. We're escorted to the South Lawn of the White House. Where white tent with a glass ceiling ", "directors M. Night Shyamalan and Steven Spielberg and actors Alfre Woodard and Blair Underwood and even yours truly. We're escorted to the South Lawn of the White House. Where white tent with a glass ceiling and ", "celebrities to speak about challenges that they have had in their lives how they manage their pain or or depression.  Blair Underwood  spoke about his mother's depression how it impacted on the family. Mike Tyson spoke about it shared something about ", "their lives how they manage their pain or -- or -- depression. Blair Underwood spoke about his mother's depression -- how it impacted on the family. Mike Tyson spoke about it -- shared something about. What ", 'today. Hollywood is getting a piece of the action. Denzel Washington in Cuba Gooding junior are lending their as his  Blair Underwood  heard here. And when that storm hits there is a Bible just for you waterproof libel. After all you never know how ', 'Washington in Cuba Gooding junior are lending their -- -- as his Blair Underwood heard here. -- -- And when that storm hits there is a Bible just for you -- waterproof libel. After all you ', 'today. Hollywood is getting a piece of the action. Denzel Washington in Cuba Gooding junior are lending their as his  Blair Underwood  heard here. And when that storm hits there is a Bible just for you waterproof libel. After all you never know how ', 'Washington in Cuba Gooding junior are lending their -- -- as his Blair Underwood heard here. -- -- And when that storm hits there is a Bible just for you -- waterproof libel. After all you ', "World News: Hospitalized Senator; Diana's Legacy; Soundtrack to War; Blogging the Oscars", 'audio version of the good book. Told cast of 250 an African American actors singers and clergy. Take a listen to  Blair Underwood  reading Matthew 823. When Jesus story. Since it was released in the fall the audio book has been at or near the ', '250 an African American actors singers and clergy. Take a listen to Blair Underwood reading Matthew 823. When Jesus -- -- story. -- -- Since it was released in the fall the audio book has been ', 'audio version of the good book. Told cast of 250 an African American actors singers and clergy. Take a listen to  Blair Underwood  reading Matthew 823. When Jesus comes story. Since it was released in the fall the audio book has been at or near ', '250 an African American actors singers and clergy. Take a listen to Blair Underwood reading Matthew 823. When Jesus comes -- story. -- -- Since it was released in the fall the audio book has been ']