['points out, not everyone on the list thinks they\'ve been fairly labeled. "The National Rifle Association classifies  Bob Barker  as anti-gun, even though the retired game-show host sleeps with a .38-caliber pistol next to his bed, shoots ', 'Morning_Joe: The stash is slashed pic.twitter.com/ULRVUUmq @FixAaron: Another late donor to Romney Super PAC:  Bob Barker  Productions gave $174k on 10/26. @GregJKrieg: The NHL and the NHLPA should look at Congress and the White House ', "the program's pricing games. The program as people now know it has been on the air since 1972, and was hosted by  Bob Barker  from then until his retirement in 2007. He was succeeded by comedian Drew Carey.", 'recount. The recount halt declared George Bush to be the president over Al Gore. Famous Birthdays 1915 Frank Sinatra 1923  Bob Barker  1924 Ed Koch 1938 Connie Francis 1962 Mike Golic 1970 Jennifer Connelly 1972 Brandon Teena 1975 Mayim Bialik View more ', "Let me ask you about Chris Christie jumping in. Would you support that? CAIN: Come on down, as they say, to use  Bob Barker 's term. And here's why. I respect Governor Christie. He has basically distinguished himself because he's not ", 'imprisonment. Lanisha Cole, 29, one of Barker\'s Beauties, as show models were sometimes called after longtime show host  Bob Barker , began working for the "The Price Is Right" in February 2003. Cole\'s lawyer, Solomon Gresen, said landing a job ', 'Their journey is in part due to the contributions of some household names, including former "The Price Is Right" host  Bob Barker  . A longtime vegetarian and animal rights activist, Barker is in Denver today to welcome the lions to their new home ', 'Bob Barker  , famed TV icon and former host of "The Price Is Right," has given $3 million to finish funding the construction of a new hospital ', "is though if you judge the man by his thing and just think he was 28 not 82. ABC's Nancy as a sign of the times.  Bob Barker  has the price is right longer than Johnny Carson did the Tonight Show. Or Dick Clark did American Bandstand. Every ", "28 not 82. ABC's Nancy -- as a sign of the times. Bob Barker has -- the price is right longer than Johnny Carson did the Tonight Show. Or Dick Clark did American Bandstand. Every person ", 'The 82 year old game show host  Bob Barker Bob Barker  has hosted the price is right for an impressive. 35 years yesterday though he announced he was retiring. So I ', 'The 82 year old game show host Bob Barker Bob Barker has hosted the price is right for an impressive. 35 years yesterday though he announced he was retiring. So I -- and ', "like the legendary game show host  Bob Barker  appear in his final price is right retiring. We think ethics. Cut  Bob Barker  consider evidence retiring and here people go neuter number one thing  Bob Barker  can now say that he's retiring ", "person who might say that less like the legendary game show host Bob Barker appear in his final price is right prime -- special. Because after fifty years on TV barker is heading off the air -- you. And after this primetime special barker stayed up late and delivered David Letterman's top ten list the top ten things Barbara who can say now that he's retiring. We think ethics. Cut Bob Barker consider evidence retiring and here we go -- can we get the prizes cheat because -- stolen anything. We give them away I personally try out every -- I only wish beaches were alive to see -- now way to and I show I'm going to tell people go neuter -- -- -- number one thing Bob Barker can now say that he's retiring. Some older people have the good sense to retire. -- -- -- -- ", "don't instantly that it. We're hoping he did you have what do you what do you think it would be harder to follow  Bob Barker  like but don't Johnny Carson's news. Quick action could. only make. Everything you read these big right now we ", "do you what do you think it would be harder to follow Bob Barker like -- but don't Johnny Carson's news. -- Quick action could. -- only make. Everything you read these big right now we ", "Bob Barker  retiring gets his top ten to David Letterman last night. Number ten I'm not only a game show host. I'm also spy. I do. And another thing  Bob Barker  can now say that he's retiring. Some older people have the good sense ", 'Bob Barker retiring gets his top ten to David Letterman last night. Number ten. We get the prizes cheat because -- stolen anything. The ', "a game show host. I'm also spy. I do. And another thing Bob Barker can now say that he's retiring. Some older people have the good sense to retire. Unlike Letterman today -- ", "heart. The welfare of animals.  Bob Barker  holds the record for hosting the consequences. Period laid it down on mister  Bob Barker . He said Bob you grew up there in wonderful. At hasn't changed to  Bob Barker  is still a good cheer and energy ", "of an issue that's close to his heart. The welfare of animals. Bob Barker holds the record for hosting the -- network TV job continuously. For 51 years. 35 years with the prices right. Before that ", "me to -- truth or consequences. Period laid it down on mister Bob Barker . He said Bob you grew up there in you do truth or consequence. The way you want to do. And that's been ", "but I was a hero that's wonderful. At -- hasn't changed to Bob Barker is still a good cheer and energy recently celebrating his 85 birthday. It. Although I had -- -- love it did. Happy ", 'create a report known as the National Intelligence Estimate. Also rising today the 82 year old game show host  Bob Barker Bob Barker  has hosted the price is right for an impressive. 35 yesterday though he announced he was retiring. So I talk ', 'Intelligence Estimate. Also rising today the 82 year old game show host Bob Barker Bob Barker has hosted the price is right for an impressive. 35 -- yesterday though he announced he was retiring. So I talk of ']