['And the collection will only keep growing. Plans are in the works to include an audio and video archive, according to  Bob Crane , co-founder of the Friends of the Bruce Springsteen Special Collection. "There\'s tremendous dialogue that Bruce ', "ultimately, it's a suspense thriller in dire need of more suspense and more thrills. Grade: C+ Autofocus A biopic about  Bob Crane , a TV star (of Hogan's Heroes) virtually no one remembers. In this trip down memory drain, we learn how his sexual ", 'family man." But Bobby Crane,  Bob Crane \'s eldest son from his first marriage brother the only child born to Pat and  Bob Crane . He was just 7 years old when his supposed to be a literal retelling of  Bob Crane \'s life. "Certainly when you create ', 'videotapes, and a still-unsolved murder  Bob Crane , the star of the popular sitcom up." Few suspected that beneath  Bob Crane \'s glib exterior lay a thousand hard-core Polaroids and videotapes.  Bob Crane  was a sex addict before the term ', 'from 1965-71 and followed the antics of a group of Allied POWs who were always outsmarting those silly Nazis. The late  Bob Crane  starred as Col. Hogan, while the late Werner Klemperer played the easily befuddled Col. Klink. Believe it or not ', "figure out that it's the same comfort. And another tattoo for Justin Bieber makes he debuted a new. dead that his newest art work it's on his left leg and its situated next to a massive set.  Bob Crane  handset number nine for the beats.", 'his left leg and its -- situated next to a massive set. Bob Crane handset number nine for the beats. ', 'human rights people protected including right to assemble right to express themselves and we want to see reform. And so  Bob Crane  had started some reform and we wanna see them get back to that as quickly as possible what the United States do and will ', 'right to express themselves and we want to see reform. And so Bob Crane had started -- some reform and we wanna see them get back to that as quickly as possible what -- the United ', 'army relief helicopters. We saw every single bridge destroyed. On the ground villages now dependent on aid from the In  Bob Crane  population of 40000. Its once waterfront hotels now in the water. It has no power no clean water and no roads in all ', 'On the ground villages now dependent on aid from the -- In Bob Crane population of 40000. Its once waterfront hotels now in the water. It has no power no clean water and no roads in ', 'relief helicopters. We saw every single bridge destroyed. On the ground villages now dependent on aid from the year. In  Bob Crane  population of 40000. Its once waterfront hotels now in the water. It has no power no clean water and no roads in all ', 'On the ground villages now dependent on aid from the year. In Bob Crane population of 40000. Its once waterfront hotels now in the water. It has no power no clean water and no roads in ', 'every single bridge destroyed. And on the ground villages whose only tied to the outside world is now by helicopter.  Bob Crane  population 40000. Has no power no clean water and no roads in or During the height of the the waters came almost as tired ', 'villages whose only tied to the outside world is now by helicopter. Bob Crane population 40000. Has no power no clean water and no roads in or -- During the height of the -- the waters ', 'that every single it destroyed. And on the ground villages whose only tied to the outside world is now by helicopter.  Bob Crane  population 40000. Has no power no clean water and no roads in or out. During the height of the flooding the orders came ', 'villages whose only tied to the outside world is now by helicopter. Bob Crane population 40000. Has no power no clean water and no roads in or out. During the height of the flooding the orders ']