['The 82 year old game show host  Bob Barker Bob Barker  has hosted the price is right for an impressive. 35 years yesterday though he announced he was retiring. So I ', 'The 82 year old game show host Bob Barker Bob Barker has hosted the price is right for an impressive. 35 years yesterday though he announced he was retiring. So I -- and ', "like the legendary game show host  Bob Barker  appear in his final price is right retiring. We think ethics. Cut  Bob Barker  consider evidence retiring and here people go neuter number one thing  Bob Barker  can now say that he's retiring ", "person who might say that less like the legendary game show host Bob Barker appear in his final price is right prime -- special. Because after fifty years on TV barker is heading off the air -- you. And after this primetime special barker stayed up late and delivered David Letterman's top ten list the top ten things Barbara who can say now that he's retiring. We think ethics. Cut Bob Barker consider evidence retiring and here we go -- can we get the prizes cheat because -- stolen anything. We give them away I personally try out every -- I only wish beaches were alive to see -- now way to and I show I'm going to tell people go neuter -- -- -- number one thing Bob Barker can now say that he's retiring. Some older people have the good sense to retire. -- -- -- -- ", "don't instantly that it. We're hoping he did you have what do you what do you think it would be harder to follow  Bob Barker  like but don't Johnny Carson's news. Quick action could. only make. Everything you read these big right now we ", "do you what do you think it would be harder to follow Bob Barker like -- but don't Johnny Carson's news. -- Quick action could. -- only make. Everything you read these big right now we ", "Bob Barker  retiring gets his top ten to David Letterman last night. Number ten I'm not only a game show host. I'm also spy. I do. And another thing  Bob Barker  can now say that he's retiring. Some older people have the good sense ", 'Bob Barker retiring gets his top ten to David Letterman last night. Number ten. We get the prizes cheat because -- stolen anything. The ', "a game show host. I'm also spy. I do. And another thing Bob Barker can now say that he's retiring. Some older people have the good sense to retire. Unlike Letterman today -- ", "heart. The welfare of animals.  Bob Barker  holds the record for hosting the consequences. Period laid it down on mister  Bob Barker . He said Bob you grew up there in wonderful. At hasn't changed to  Bob Barker  is still a good cheer and energy ", "of an issue that's close to his heart. The welfare of animals. Bob Barker holds the record for hosting the -- network TV job continuously. For 51 years. 35 years with the prices right. Before that ", "me to -- truth or consequences. Period laid it down on mister Bob Barker . He said Bob you grew up there in you do truth or consequence. The way you want to do. And that's been ", "but I was a hero that's wonderful. At -- hasn't changed to Bob Barker is still a good cheer and energy recently celebrating his 85 birthday. It. Although I had -- -- love it did. Happy ", 'create a report known as the National Intelligence Estimate. Also rising today the 82 year old game show host  Bob Barker Bob Barker  has hosted the price is right for an impressive. 35 yesterday though he announced he was retiring. So I talk ', 'Intelligence Estimate. Also rising today the 82 year old game show host Bob Barker Bob Barker has hosted the price is right for an impressive. 35 -- yesterday though he announced he was retiring. So I talk of ', "members of the  Sea Shepherd  team captain chuck why one is named  Bob Barker . Stimulants that's not sure mr.  Bob Barker  the game show host was rammed the  Bob Barker  was six inch gash of you know the  sea shepherd  conservation deciding ", "that ranks right up front and tell us why one is named Bob Barker . Stimulants that's not sure -- mr. Bob Barker the game show host. Many generous donation of five million dollars late last year with that money we were able to conduct ", 'is the real veil. Now -- our vessel was rammed the -- Bob Barker was -- -- six inch gash in the side of all of our vessel just three feet above the water line and they actually ran over and sank one of our other ships those. The real -- this. Gotta be causing tensions between the governments of Japan and what Australia New Zealand are who was sort of you know the sea shepherd conservation deciding Australia New Zealand. -- US based organization that we have chapters in Australia and New Zealand and the body Gil ', 'Friday June 3 the show follows captain Paul Watson in the  Sea Shepherd  Conservation Society. As they try to fend off Japanese whalers down weaker this year we went down with three vessels is with  Bob Barker  and the gold bureau the And that was our best interceptor ', 'this year we went down with three vessels is -- with -- Bob Barker and the gold bureau -- the -- And that was our best interceptor vessel in the three vessels worked perfectly with the ', "The legend himself. In the I have. That that would. Yes. I always wondered the politically coach oh man I think they're as good. Of you guys showed differently tonight but he did he copy that are original he. We feel really excite and do that in late game. Rather rather. totally I gotta say man you", 'The end of a television there after fifty years on TB 35 years. Sensible of hosting the price is right  Bob Barker  is calling it quits announcing his retirement. So hard to imagine daytime TV without barker token as. They come on down again ', 'years on TB 35 years. Sensible of hosting the price is right Bob Barker is calling it quits announcing his retirement. So hard to imagine daytime TV without barker token as. They come on down again ', "liked to announce who. It's going to play through this is day. Vice president Joseph Biden. Is going to be played by  Bob Barker . Former White House advisor David Axelrod. We'll be play by Higgins from Magnum PI. This has also produced by Steven ", "is day. Vice president Joseph Biden. Is going to be played by Bob Barker . Former White House advisor David Axelrod. We'll be play by Higgins from Magnum PI. This has also produced by Steven Spielberg by ", "haven't liked to announce who. He's going to play through this day. Vice presidential fight. Is going to be played by  Bob Barker . Former White House advisor David Axelrod. We'll be played by Higgins from Magnum PI. This is also produced by Steven ", "through this day. Vice presidential fight. Is going to be played by Bob Barker . Former White House advisor David Axelrod. We'll be played by Higgins from Magnum PI. This is also produced by Steven Spielberg by ", "line of models to sue the show, which has been on the air for 41 years. In '94, diane parkinson famously accused  bob barker  of sexual harassment before dropping the charges. In 95, holly halstrom won a settlement claiming she was fired for ", "on the air for 41 years. In '94, diane parkinson famously accused bob barker of sexual harassment before dropping the charges. In 95, holly halstrom won a settlement claiming she was fired for gaining weight. Shane ", 'price is right." Come on down. Reporter: The 24-year-old is shattering 40 years of tradition, which began with  bob barker  and strictly female eye candy. That goes with this. It\'s time for a change. Reporter: A change that includes ', "Reporter: The 24-year-old is shattering 40 years of tradition, which began with bob barker and strictly female eye candy. That goes with this. It's time for a change. Reporter: A change that includes, stripping to the ", "they're going to celebrate if they bring winners from the pastor invited the anniversary of course we know we're.  Bob Barker  the legendary host. He has yet for many many years Jim Carrey is now to That an and the popularity of the show has just ", "from the pastor invited -- the anniversary of course we know we're. Bob Barker the legendary host. He has yet for many many years Jim Carrey is now -- to -- That an -- and the ", 'famous. Celebrities than most famous because of all time including Paul McCartney Ellen DeGeneres. Pamela Anderson  Bob Barker  is Steve all these guys will be on holiday season for all of you non meat out there you can celebrate in. You know just ', 'famous because of all time including Paul McCartney Ellen DeGeneres. Pamela Anderson Bob Barker is Steve -- all these guys will be on -- holiday season for all of you non meat -- out there you ', "With jeans with dresses and you can see she's wearing here eighty bucks. And issues 3499 from HM so and so then my  Bob Barker  moment a total hi. 79. Exactly and on. Okay Jennifer it was totally ignore this backpack that's not hers is being ", "eighty bucks. And issues 3499 from HM so and so then my Bob Barker moment a total hi. 79. Exactly and -- on. Okay Jennifer -- it was totally ignore this backpack that's not hers is ", "it's very raunchy. And I've been a couple of screens and it's kind of played through only says he doesn't beat  Bob Barker  again. He doesn't but I get fight was James It's almost as though it's almost does get and a lot of you're having ", "it's kind of played through -- only says he doesn't beat -- Bob Barker again. He doesn't but I get -- fight was James -- It's almost as though it's almost does get and a lot "]