['Christian televangelist Pat Robertson, who has a knack for outrageous sound bites ', 'responded to a question about "liking" photos  of gay couples on Facebook during his weekly television show. He said he was more interested in a "vomit" button.', '"I\'m not one that switches on \'likes\' on Facebook so it\'s hard to say, but what you\'re saying is, \'Yes I like this kind of thing.\' You\'ve got a couple of same-sex guys kissing. You like that. Well, that makes me want to throw up. To me I\'d want to punch \'vomit\' not \'like,\' but they don\'t give you that option on Facebook," Robertson said, laughing.', 'Chucky, the redheaded doll that has haunted people\'s dreams for 25 years since the release of "Child\'s Play," is back.', 'After years of breaking down barriers in brave movies like "The Bride of Chucky," which featured the first doll sex scene, and "The Seed of Chucky," which featured a gender-ambivalent doll, the serial killer trapped inside a doll will surely haunt and play once more as he shows up uninvited to a family reunion in "Curse of Chucky" on DVD/Blu-Ray in September, according to Yahoo.', 'Nine members of the mafia-linked Bonanno family were accused this week of a host of mob-linked crimes: gambling, loan sharking, extortion and drugs.', 'Those charged include Nicholas "Nicky Mouth" Santora, who was depicted in the 1997 film "Donnie Brasco."', 'According to the New York Post, the alleged mobsters were hauled into court in Brooklyn in front of a line of waiting reporters. One "sweat-suited and rotund" member of the group, Anthony "Skinny" Santoro, was unhappy to see the media there, the Post said, swearing as he walked into court.', 'The former "Survivor" star announced that today would be her last day co-hosting "The View," and that she would start a new job this fall on Fox News Channel\'s "Fox & Friends."', '"When Elisabeth survived \'Survivor,\' we wanted to make sure she would stay afloat," Barbara Walters, executive producer of "The View," told ABC News. "We have had 10 wonderful years with her and she will now be swimming in new waters. We will miss her and wish her everything good."', 'Also today, Gretchen Carlson, who has hosted "Fox & Friends" for nine years, said she would be moving on from the show but continuing her work at Fox News Channel.', 'It has been four years since she left the judge\'s table at "American Idol," and Tuesday night Paula Abdul made a triumphant return to the judge\'s seat at another talent contest: "So You Think You Can Dance."', 'The executive producer and judge of the show, Nigel Lythgoe, tweeted before the show that he had been waiting 10 seasons for Abdul to guest-judge.', "It's the most hopeful time of the year for fans of losing baseball teams: trading time. Trade rumors have started flying in the MLB as the deadline at the end of this month nears, and some Yankees fans are already kicking themselves for not being able to trade away Alex Rodriguez.", 'According to Bleacher Report, by this time in August the Milwaukee Brewers could finally get some decent pitchers, including Tyler Skaggs and Randall Delgado of the Diamondbacks, while the Chicago Cubs might give away their last hope at a decent season with the potential trade of Alfonso Soriano. Maybe next year, Cubs fans. Maybe next year.', 'After a report in Trends in Parasitology, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are now warning parents of small children that parasite-filled cat poop could be found in sandboxes and playgrounds, where kids often stick theirs hands in their mouths, according to NPR.', 'Parents should also be aware when working outdoors, especially in hands-on activities like gardening, that they can be at risk for exposure to the parasites, as well.', 'The best advice? Wash your hands after exposure with the outdoors. And with cat poop.', "The world's smallest deer was born in a New York City zoo in May, the Wildlife Conservation Society said Monday.", 'The fawn weighs 1 pound and can grow up to be as much as 20 pounds and 14 inches tall. It is an endangered Southern Pudu, native to Chile and Argentina. Southern pudus are the smallest deer species in the world, according to the announcement.']