["truth of what happened a year and a 456 ago when  george zimmerman  shot trayvon martin. Those six jurors will decide mark o'mara, started his closing by introducing  george zimmerman . You might have an impression of him because he's ", 'the truth of what happened a year and a 456 ago when george zimmerman shot trayvon martin. Those six jurors will decide the fate of him. And matt gutman is on the scene and joins us ', "your car. Reporter: Zimmerman's attorney, mark o'mara, started his closing by introducing george zimmerman . You might have an impression of him because he's sitting at the defense table. Reporter: Other than that moment, zimmerman sat pensively ", 'prosecution was able to very effectively cross examine him to that really formed his opinion based on things that  George Zimmerman  said and very specific parts of the evidence that he was given. And they were able to really take away any points ', 'to -- that really -- formed his opinion based on things that George Zimmerman said and very specific parts of the evidence that he was given. And they were able to really take away any points ', 'jury six women five of white will decide the fate of  George Zimmerman  charged with second degree murder in the death months after trade on Martin was shot and killed by  George Zimmerman  whose fate is now finally in the hands of the jury ', 'jury six women five of -- white will decide the fate of George Zimmerman charged with second degree murder in the death. Of seventeen year old trade on Martin. Prosecutors claim Zimmerman was a wanna be ', 'Almost seventeen months after trade on Martin was shot and killed by George Zimmerman whose fate is now finally in the hands of the jury. The verdict must be a verdict of each juror as well ', "matter. Convict either second degree murder or manslaughter. Now that does not mean that  George Zimmerman  was justified doesn't mean  George Zimmerman  was right. It means that when the prosecution has the burden to prove this case beyond a ", "either second degree murder or manslaughter. Now that does not mean that George Zimmerman was justified doesn't mean George Zimmerman was right. It means that when the prosecution has the burden to prove this case beyond a reasonable doubt meaning. They have ", "verdict as soon as today why so so quickly because hasn't been that case this is not a case about who dun it we know  George Zimmerman  shot Tre mark. The question is how and why. And I think when jurors are determining that issue is not a divide ", 'this is not a case about who dun it we know -- George Zimmerman shot Tre -- mark. The question is how and why. And I think when jurors are determining that issue is not a ', 'kill got shot he was alive for up to ten minutes the medical examiner testified. And time the unstated inference  George Zimmerman  did not help them. Iron will get to that examiner in a moment but first the defense is arguing for acquittal even ', 'ten minutes the medical examiner testified. And time the unstated inference -- George Zimmerman did not help them. Iron will get to that examiner in a moment but first the defense is arguing for acquittal even ', "Morton was yelling for help. It seems that they've kind of backed off that and are conceding that at some point.  George Zimmerman  was on the bottom during this fight of course he's got those injuries. And then there asking jurors to sort of ", "kind of backed off that and are conceding that at some point. George Zimmerman was on the bottom during this fight of course he's got those injuries. And then there asking jurors to sort of speculate ", 'himself and his neighbors. Was  George Zimmerman  set up as prosecutors say with painted a picture of an aggressive  George Zimmerman  who profiled included teen in head. And your stomach. That  George Zimmerman . Did not should on Martin because ', 'says he was just trying to protect himself and his neighbors. Was George Zimmerman set up as prosecutors say with punks getting away with crime. -- was the killing in self defense. That case ended its ', 'non emergency dispatch line. The prosecutor painted a picture of an aggressive George Zimmerman who profiled -- included teen in his neighborhood. The truth. About the murder of -- -- -- is going to come directly ', "night you won't know. Your head. -- -- And your stomach. That George Zimmerman . Did not should -- on Martin because -- He shot for the worst of reasons. Because you -- take. The defense opened ", "interview with the parents of  george zimmerman . We saw the juror there shielding Reporter: This morning,  george zimmerman  is a free man. But trapped lot of people remarked that  george zimmerman  throughout the trial didn't ", "barbara walters' exclusive interview with the parents of george zimmerman . We saw the juror there shielding her identity. Zimmerman's parents didn't go that far with you. But they're living in fear, too. ", 'George and his wife are a mixed race couple. Reporter: This morning, george zimmerman is a free man. But trapped in a new dark reality. George is in hiding now. Have you been able to talk ', "the pain on her face. But a lot of people remarked that george zimmerman throughout the trial didn't show much emotion at all. How did they explain that? We asked about that. And they said, we ", "thanks. We're joined by  george zimmerman 's attorneys. You see all sadness. How much of it is  george zimmerman  aware of and how is it handling You mentioned the possibility  george zimmerman  might be bringing lawsuits himself ", "Okay, thanks. We're joined by george zimmerman's attorneys. You see all that anger and sadness. How much of it is george zimmerman aware of and how is it handling it? He's been aware of it for 16 months and sort of has become the ", "there is, they're not going to go anywhere. You mentioned the possibility george zimmerman might be bringing lawsuits himself. Well, you know, if you look at this case and take away the emotion of the loss of trayvon martin's life. If you take that away from it and look at what happened here, we had a good investigation done by law enforcement. We had a lot of political and social pressures put on this case that normally were not and should not be put on the case and there may be some compensation to something like that. From? From the way the prosecutors handled the case, who decided this case is going to get charged the way it was going to get charged and everything that's happened to george zimmerman . Finally you mentioned the possibility of healing. Is there anything your client can do to help that process? Well, unfortunately he's stilled ", "ABC's David Muir reads viewers' tweets weighing in strongly on both sides of the case.", "We do begin here with dead for a verdict in the George trial in Florida and a brand new question moments ago from that all female jury. They've now asked for clarification on instructions regarding manslaughter. That word comes just as we come on the air after images throughout the day from that", "Abortion debate, Cleveland captives and the Boston bombing suspect made up the week's headlines.", "Zimmerman, who is charged with second-degree murder in Trayvon Martin's death, claims self-defense.", "Let's go to ABC's deal but it is right now reaction from the community to the verdict she has been. Reporting on this case for some time as the Florida based reporter GO what are they saying outside the courthouse. We'll David good evening to you there are still people here many who support the", "Tom Joyner's offer to the witness in the  George Zimmerman  trial is for any black college in the U.S.", 'Protests break out across the country after  George Zimmerman  was acquitted of murder charges.']