['$33,000 was spent in sequestering the jury of six women who acquitted  George Zimmerman .', 'In the wake of the  George Zimmerman  verdict, the Grammy winner will not perform in Florida.', "tonight that not guilty for  george zimmerman  and protesters are now demanding self-defense laws redefined after  george zimmerman 's acquittal. Here you are Reporter: Many here want  george zimmerman  to face federal civil rights ", 'american flag. It was one week ago tonight that not guilty for george zimmerman and protesters are now demanding a civil rights case, among their many questions, why was trayvon martin followed in the first place? Here\'s abc\'s gio benitez. I am -- trayvon martin! Trayvon martin! Reporter: Trayvon martin, alive in the hearts of protestors who want self-defense laws redefined after george zimmerman\'s acquittal. Here you are with this sign. "Justice for all the trayvons." What do you mean? Well, he -- trayvon martin is ', "roll up our sleeves and continue our fight. Reporter: Many here want george zimmerman to face federal civil rights charge. His attorney, mark o'hara, in a interview with abc news this afternoon. He'll never have the ", "prosecution brought against  george zimmerman  on a civil rights charge. With looked into it. They looked into  george zimmerman  and gave a full report to the instance of racial undertones of  george zimmerman . Maybe they'll find something ", 'at the naacp meeting there might be a federal prosecution brought against george zimmerman on a civil rights charge. With the burden of proof even higher for the federal government to bring that, when the state ', "the other thing is, the fbi looked into it. They looked into george zimmerman and gave a full report to the stating from saying we can find no instance of racial undertones of george zimmerman . Maybe they'll find something else. I don't know what else they can find. But when a president speaks, it's to multiple audiences ", 'senator. A remarkable admission sparked by divisive questions. Did trayvon martin die because he was black? Was  george zimmerman  acquitted because he was not? That contributes to a sense that if a white male teen was involved in the same kind ', 'by divisive questions. Did trayvon martin die because he was black? Was george zimmerman acquitted because he was not? That contributes to a sense that if a white male teen was involved in the same kind ', "latest on the high-stakes  george zimmerman  trial. The prosecution could They don't hav to prove that  george zimmerman  did not commit second-degree those six female jurors and  george zimmerman  walks free. Lara. Thank you ", "First, though, we turn, now, to the latest on the high-stakes george zimmerman trial. The prosecution could wrap up its case as early as today, with trayvon martin's mother expected to take the stand. Abc's ", "plug holes in the prosecution's case. They don't hav to prove that george zimmerman did not commit second-degree murder. All they have to do is insert enough reasonable doubt in the minds of those six female jurors and george zimmerman walks free. Lara. Thank you, matt. We welcome judge marion gunn, she is a former circuit court judge in arkansas. I want ", "it because I think the jury wants to hear that. Nobody likes george zimmerman . And I think the jury wants to hear him say what happened that night because he's the only survivor. Whether the defense ", "ironically ended up helping the defense and Saint  George Zimmerman  was. and his stated what his dad. Indicate to you and he had days OK you'll never convince friends  George Zimmerman  did anything wrong night. Sixteen months ago we ", 'by the prosecution. And ironically ended up helping the defense and Saint George Zimmerman was. -- and his stated what his dad. Indicate to you. -- -- -- -- the truth. Or it was a complete. ', "-- and he had days OK you'll never convince friends -- -- George Zimmerman did anything wrong -- night. Sixteen months ago we never been on TV -- -- -- TV -- time today everybody has ", 'to the murder trial against  George Zimmerman  charged with shooting and killing Martin was shot not because  George Zimmerman  had to do it but because prosecutors particular fashion. Was it  George Zimmerman  was a on Martin screaming for ', 'seventeen. Year old boy. And -- start to the murder trial against George Zimmerman charged with shooting and killing seventeen year old trade on -- In -- Sanford Florida neighborhood sixteen months ago the prosecution alleging ', 'was not self defense. The -- on Martin was shot not because George Zimmerman had to do it but because prosecutors said -- he wanted to do it. Now by contrast when George -- defense attorney. ', 'obviously going to try and presented in a particular fashion. Was it George Zimmerman was a -- on Martin screaming for help that night. The jury is going to have to be its own expert and ', "debate, the trayvon martin trial has now begun.  George zimmerman  accused of murder. Today both sides came out women with a joke. Knock knock. Who's there?  George zimmerman .  George zimmerman  who? All right, good. You're on the jury ", "triggered so much passionate debate, the trayvon martin trial has now begun. George zimmerman accused of murder. Today both sides came out swinging with profanity and punchlines. And abc's matt gutman was there. Reporter: Tonight these ", "draw in those six women with a joke. Knock knock. Who's there? George zimmerman . George zimmerman who? All right, good. You're on the jury. A joke in reference to the difficulty in finding an unbiased juror in this ", "playing out in this 911 tape. So you think he's yelling help? George zimmerman was crying out for help and no one helped. Reporter: As the 911 tape was played in court, trayvon mart martin's mother ", "despite aquital they still believe  george zimmerman  profiled, shot and murdered cold blood and this morning,  george zimmerman  is again a mystery man. He's of florida. We the jury find  george zimmerman  not guilty. Reporter: Abc ", "months since they got the case and despite aquital they still believe george zimmerman profiled, shot and murdered trayvon martin in cold blood and this morning, george zimmerman is again a mystery man. He's in hiding with his family, we're told possibly out of the state of florida. We the jury find george zimmerman not guilty. Reporter: Abc news learned shortly after george zimmerman was acquitted of second degree murder -- you have no further visits with court. Reporter: They removed the tracking device from his ", "point trayvon became aware of the gun and was backing up and george zimmerman shot him. Robert zimmerman told cnn his brother wouldn't have done anything differently. What you believe to be right you don't have to go back and make amends for that and say it should have been this way. Reporter: This morning trayvon martin's family says it hopes the country collectively will find a way to heal and change. Just remember trayvon could have been your son, could have been my baby, could have been anyone in america's baby. Reporter: How do you think this would have ended had george zimmerman not had a gun that night? I can tell you how it wouldn't have ended. It wouldn't have ended with a dead 17-year-old kid. Reporter: Now I asked those prosecutors who the star witness was, george zimmerman because he made at least 10 or 15 inconsistent statements. Zimmerman may not have seen last of the courtroom. Trayvon martin's parents ", "have been in seclusion since  george zimmerman 's acquittal on saturday was afraid because he did call  george zimmerman  creepy. He was afraid. Is by his killer. And finally,  george zimmerman 's parents spoke to barbara ", "trayvon martin. Tracy parton and sybrina fulton have been in seclusion since george zimmerman's acquittal on saturday. They're here, along with their attorney, bernard crump. You were not in the courtroom saturday night. Where did you ", 'a teenager. I do believe he was afraid because he did call george zimmerman creepy. He was afraid. Is there something you wish ose jurors knew about trayvon? I wish they knew who he was. And ', "trayvon martin. And if they were violated by his killer. And finally, george zimmerman's parents spoke to barbara walters. They wanted you to know that they're deeply sorry and they pray for trayvon every day. Do ", 'At the  George Zimmerman  trial, the fateful 911 call was a hotly contested piece of evidence.', "the defense's argument is  George Zimmerman  may have gotten into trouble effectively said exactly what  George Zimmerman  has said in his reenacting in is that about Martin smashing  George Zimmerman  head into the ground. The prosecution ", "some extent spoken for the defense. And the defense's argument is -- George Zimmerman may have gotten into trouble. But it was -- on Martin who started that fight it was -- -- Martin who -- ", "to put a witness on the stand to effectively said exactly what George Zimmerman has said in his reenacting -- in its first police statements and they -- then after. Would it seem like the prosecution may have been doing is try to defuse. Some of the power of John goods testimony now it. He did say that it looked like trade bond market was on top pummeling. Zimmerman but what he didn't say is that -- -- about Martin smashing George Zimmerman head into the ground. The prosecution got him to admit that he never actually physically saw that that is a key point. ", "versus neighbor in the trial of  george zimmerman . Dual eyeness withes testifying Reporter: That would have been  george zimmerman , the neighborhood watchman the one reining blows down on  george zimmerman ? That's what it looked like ", 'We begin with neighbor versus neighbor in the trial of george zimmerman . Dual eyeness withes testifying about what they saw and heard the night trayvon martin was killed. This was supposed to be the ', "the bottom had a lighter skin color. Reporter: That would have been george zimmerman , the neighborhood watchman. Good said martin was on top, straddling zimmerman. It looked like there were strikes being thrown, punches being thrown. Reporter: The defense's mark o'mara worked to reinforce the violence of that fight. The person you now know to be trayvon martin was on top, correct? Correct. He was the one reining blows down on george zimmerman ? That's what it looked like. Reporter: Zimmerman, seen in this re-enactment video, said martin pounded his head against the pavement, something good ", 'supposed to be the week where prosecutors proved to this jury that george zimmerman was the aggressor, he was the one who started it, he was the one on top when they were fighting. The problem ', "first week of dramatic testimony in the trial of  george zimmerman  behind us, it's zimmerman's attorney tonight opening statement. Knock knock. Who's there?  George zimmerman .  George zimmerman  who? Reporter: But zimmerman's defense fared ", "And with the first week of dramatic testimony in the trial of george zimmerman behind us, it's zimmerman's attorney tonight making headlines. He started the trial with a knock-knock joke. Tonight it's a photo of him ", "attorney who drew criticism for this opening statement. Knock knock. Who's there? George zimmerman . George zimmerman who? Reporter: But zimmerman's defense fared better in court this week than in the court of public opinion. The person who you now know to be trayvon martin was on top, correct? Correct. And he was reining blows down on the person on the bottom, george zimmerman ? Using prosecution witnesses to reinforce the defense's argument that zimmerman shot martin in self-defense. Is there any way the prosecution can salvage ", 'evening, where the trial of  george zimmerman  is set to begin. Zimmerman is it expected to last? Will  george zimmerman  take the stand in his own defense guns. Neighborhood watchman  george zimmerman  now facing trial for second ', "And to florida this evening, where the trial of george zimmerman is set to begin. Zimmerman, the neighborhood watchman, accused of murdering trayvon martin. Opening statements begin tomorrow morning. And tonight here, three major questions. How long is it expected to last? Will george zimmerman take the stand in his own defense? And how crucial will that 911 call be, those cries heard on tape, in deciding his fate? Abc's byron pitts is in sanford, florida, for us tonight. Reporter: It's the case that's renewed america's long, bitter and polarizing debate over both race and guns. Neighborhood watchman george zimmerman now facing trial for second degree murder in the death of 17-year-old trayvon mar martin. The jury of six women will be ", "likely to hear it, whether it's there or not. Reporter: If convicted, george zimmerman could face life in prison, though few expect him to receive the maximum penalty if he were found guilty. ", "Martin said. And that of course goes against the theory that prosecutors have been. Portraying that it was indeed  George Zimmerman  who was profiling. Trip on Martin perhaps because he was black that's been the undercurrent of this entire case ", "against the theory that prosecutors have been. Portraying that it was indeed George Zimmerman who was profiling. Trip on Martin perhaps because he was black that's been the undercurrent of this entire case. Store and an ", 'may matter most is how they look. This morning,  george zimmerman  will be back in this florida courtroom facing the either side? A lot has come out that has helped  george zimmerman  since the initial attention on this case. The injuries ', 'tell us what may matter most is how they look. This morning, george zimmerman will be back in this florida courtroom facing the potential jurors who could soon be asked to decide his fate. In just ', 'that helped either side? A lot has come out that has helped george zimmerman since the initial attention on this case. The injuries that he suffered, some questions that have been raised and so this is ', "defense slows its government. Now jurors will have to decide for themselves. This morning prosecutors charging  George Zimmerman  with second degree murder. May have a harder time proving who's screaming for help in that 911 call. Yeah. Yeah ", "Now jurors will have to decide for themselves. This morning prosecutors charging George Zimmerman with second degree murder. May have a harder time proving who's screaming for help in that 911 call. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Did "]