['helping to drive economic growth this year. Greater demand, along with a tight supply of homes for sale, has pushed up  home prices . It also has led to more home construction, which has created more jobs. The Commerce Department reported Wednesday that ', 'as a country," President Barack Obama tells audiences, citing steady jobs gains, a falling deficit and a more stable  housing market . Which is it? Economic forecasters are torn. And their forecasts are suddenly all over the map. Some see U.S. growth ', 'estate firms expect rising interest rates will encourage more  home sales  as buyers seek to lock in lower rates. NEW YORK (includes Tennessee): The economy expanded at a modest pace as auto and  home sales  rose and hotels and restaurants reported strong demand. Ports ', 'to moderate" growth. The Dallas district reported strong growth for the second straight survey. Housing construction and  home prices  improved, while consumer spending increased in most districts, fueled by rising car and truck sales. The housing recovery ', 'growing at "moderate pace" despite the adverse effects of tax increases and federal spending cuts. He noted that the  housing market  is rebounding and the job market has gradually improved. "Despite these gains, the job situation is far from satisfactory ', "A former hedge fund executive has testified in a New York City case about how the fund made $1 billion off the  housing market  collapse. Paolo Pellegrini took the witness stand Tuesday at the civil trial of Fabrice Tourre (fah-BREES' toor ", "whether he was seen as loosening or affirming the Fed's commitment to ultra-low interest rates. Low rates have fueled  home sales , encouraged borrowing and spending, lifted stock prices and helped support economic growth. Since the financial crisis ", "good, rather than poor. TAKING MEASUREMENTS: Measures of customer traffic, current sales conditions and builders' outlook for single-family  home sales  over the next six months vaulted to their highest levels in at least seven years.", 'optimistic about their  home sales  prospects than they 2006, well before the  housing market  crashed. Measures of for single-family  home sales  over the next six months mortgage rates, rising  home prices  and tight supplies of ', 'trial today and the case brings back memories of reckless trading that help lead to the mortgage mess and collapse of the  housing market . Former Goldman Sachs trader Fabrice Tourre is accused in a civil trial of cheating investors who bought mortgage-backed ', 'mortgage-based securities Tourre was selling just as the  housing market  was showing signs of distress contributed to the financial magnifying losses associated with the downturn of the U.S.  housing market . While investors lost more than $1 billion in the investment ', 'mortgage-based securities Tourre was selling just as the  housing market  was showing signs of distress contributed to the financial magnifying losses associated with the downturn of the U.S.  housing market . While investors lost more than $1 billion in the investment ', 'Verizon, Google and Microsoft on Thursday; and General Electric on Friday. Another Week, Another Series of Reads on the  Housing Market  - On Tuesday, the National Association of Homebuilders releases its monthly survey. This survey will provide insight into ', 'program by the end of the year. There are more signs the  housing market  is shaking off its hangover from the bust of five years ago Georgia - the foreclosure problem is still a potential drag on  home prices . A group of 17 American retailers and clothing makers has ', 'colleagues to "Stay strong," saying the city should not condone "poverty wages." Read More About the Walmart Effect on  Home Prices  Wal-Mart, the largest private employer in the country, is claiming the D.C. Council played "bait-and-switch." Three ', 'survey of 20 major metro areas reported a strong increase in average  home prices  with prices rising in all the cities it tracks; and the Commerce Department reported new  home sales  rose in May to the fastest pace in five years Joe "JJ" Kinahan ', "past two years as 89.3 million visitors came to the state last year, up 2.3 percent from the year before. Florida's  housing market  has turned around as this past December showed statewide closed sales of existing single-family homes totaled 18,031 ", 'New  home sales  rose in May to steadily improving  housing market . Sales increased increase in average  home prices  with prices rising reflect where the  housing market  has been in some headed." "The  housing market  worm has turned ', 'significant reports of the week come tomorrow with the release of May durable goods orders and the S&P/Case-Shiller index of  home prices  for April. The new owners of Hostess Foods say Twinkies are set to return to store shelves starting July 15. The company ', 'estate, everything\'s great, on the outside. But on the inside I had no control," Curcio told "20/20." When the  housing market  nosedived, Curcio had to find another way to fund his addiction. He began planning a crime that would bring him more notoriety ']