['Turnout was relatively light across Massachusetts on Tuesday as voters chose which Republican and Democratic candidates will win their party primaries and go on to c...', 'Top official makes opening statement, invokes Fifth Amendment right at House hearing', 'WASHINGTON -- California lawmakers who employed a treasurer facing federal embezzlement charges reported some steep financial losses to their campaigns, with Democra...', 'More Republicans than Democrats have signed up to unseat Rep. Roscoe Bartlett, R-Md., in the April primary, even though boundary changes made during redistricting fa...', 'President Barack Obama has sworn off special-interest money to pay for his re-election bid. But it turns out those dollars are fair game for congressional Democrats ...', 'With the 2012 election over, and Latino voters a star voting bloc, both Republicans and Democrats are looking to steal their hearts in states where they tend to lean...', "Former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford's political comeback already hinged on persuading conservative voters in the state's Lowcountry to forgive him for past infid...", 'Mid-summer is a slow time in the congressional campaign. The voters are paying scant attention, and the campaigns are not really making a major effort to attract it....', 'Federal Elections  Commission Rule Would Allow Unions, Corps. to Pay For Ads Near Contests', 'Unions and corporations would be allowed to pay for ads that mention political candidates in the weeks just before an election under rule options under consideration...', "After evading comment for days, Sen. Robert Menendez's voice rose with anger as he spoke to reporters Monday, forcefully denying allegations he engaged with prostitu...", 'The Keystone XL Pipeline has emerged as a major issue in the Massachusetts special U.S. Senate election, with environmental groups committing nearly one-third of the...', "Menendez flew on donor's plane in unreported 2008 trip to Dominican Republic, sources say", 'Sen. Robert Menendez took at least one more trip to the Dominican Republic on the plane of a doctor and campaign donor than he has publicly admitted, according to so...', 'The landmark Supreme Court decision handed down in January 2010, Citizens United vs. Federal Election Commission , proves it is time for serious, meaningful, lasting...', "The Federal Election Commission said Thursday that comedian Stephen Colbert can use his TV show's resources to boost his political action committee, but he must disc...", 'Is it "anything goes" now in America\'s campaign finance system?John Edwards is acquitted of using campaign cash as hush money. There\'s an explosion of high-dollar su...']