['the markets. And for  home sales . Up 10% from this economy is growing. The  housing market  is recovering. But that momentum in the  housing market , is that at risk state like arizona,  home prices  went up 21%. All ', "$4,000. December is traditionally a good month for the markets. And for home sales . Up 10% from this time last year. Here's what the president had to say about that. America wonders why it is that, in this town for some reason, you can't get stuff done in an organized timetable. Why everything has to wait until the last minute. Well, we're now at the last minute. The economy is growing. The housing market is recovering. But that could be impacted if folks are seeing smaller paychecks. So, bianna, what about that momentum in the housing market , is that at risk? It is. Home places have gone up, too. Take a look at a battered state like arizona, home prices went up 21%. All of that is at play right now if washington doesn't come up with a solution. ", 'not disappoint.  Home sales  have plunged almost a year ago and  home prices  are falling right being spared.  Home sales  were down in all regions and  home prices  have now fallen find bottom this  housing market  is absolutely going ', "housing slump that threatens the rest of the economy. Today's report on home sales was expected to be bad and -- that -- yardstick it did not disappoint. Home sales have plunged almost 13% from a year ago and home prices are falling right along with them. Down 4% from a year ago and expected to fall further. Few parts of the country are being spared. Home sales were down in all regions and home prices have now fallen in fifteen of the nation's twenty largest cities. With the worst declines in California. Florida and the midwest. Paul prices have a long way to go before they find bottom this housing market is absolutely going to get worse before it's better. The credit crunch that brought mortgage lending to a virtual stand still last ", "as home buyers sit on the sidelines waiting for prices to stabilize home sales are likely -- keep falling. Economists said again today it's likely to be rough sledding in this housing market at least through the and the next year -- ABC's Betsy Stark reporting. ", "national median price going lower. Real estate experts say the recent crunch in the nation's credit markets are likely to push  home sales  even lower in the coming months. That should be good news for buyers but the tighter lending standards will require them ", "the recent crunch in the nation's credit markets are likely to push home sales even lower in the coming months. That should be good news for buyers but the tighter lending standards will require them to ", "huge drop tonight in foreclosures across the country. The  housing market  slowly recovering. Tonight what we didn't know. What's Reporter: Passing an open house even in this improving  housing market . Which is smart. What do you say about the lesson in all ", "This is a huge drop tonight in foreclosures across the country. The housing market slowly recovering. Tonight what we didn't know. What's suddenly driving that drop in foreclosures. Reporter: It is a stunning drop. The number ", "more. Retail spending up and part of the comeback, the  housing market  stirring to life. Abc's cecilia vega tells us how much many greedy speculators are being replaced ious buyers.  Home sales  may be on the rebound, but there's still more work to ", "are spending more. Retail spending up and part of the comeback, the housing market stirring to life. Abc's cecilia vega tells us how much. Reporter: It's the latest sign that america's real estate is on the ", 'last month at  home sales  I hate to do this the bad news the  home sales  also dropped a homes being sold.  Home prices  continue to drop this is for new  home sales . But when you yesterday the  housing market  is still a basket ', "a record high. And let's talk about to have last month at home sales I hate to do this to you Charlie I feel like I'm putting an incident that position every day but how did they -- you. Head like to joke that this is the good news which would give you the bad news the home sales also dropped a mean again at a record -- just over 300000 homes are sold in January. Mean think about it that's 300000 homes in the entire country new homes. You know that's what about a thousand homes today and and that's pretty small number of homes being sold. Home prices continue to drop -- again this is -- for new home sales . But when you add that up with existing home sales yesterday the housing market is still a basket case. All right Charlie let's hope for brighter days ahead where we can talk about good things slips ", 'go more quickly. New  home sales  are up. But they may seeing an increase in new  home sales  and and the builders momentary blip. The new  home sales  have been suppressed continue to drop. But every  home sale  is a sign of hope and ', "is only gonna help the market stabilizes we'll go more quickly. New home sales are up. But they may well be sold at a loss that drives down the price of other -- well -- to keep these things in context He even though we're seeing an increase in new home sales and and the builders themselves expected to be sort of momentary blip. The new home sales have been suppressed for so long that it's only. Only to be expected -- once and while we're gonna see an increase ", "that index and pretty much told us as he said. He's seen positive signs going forward so there is view that perhaps a  housing market . Or price declines could be bottoming out yes we would like it to be better but we do know they're still a lot of inventory ", "positive signs going forward so there is -- view that perhaps a housing market . Or price declines could be bottoming out yes we would like it to be better but we do know they're still a ", "Good morning to you. Good morning, guys. Very lousy report but economists say it isn't time to panic just yet. The  housing market  is still improving giving consumers a boost that there's one industry powering ahead.It's the symphony of sounds the ", "report but economists say it isn't time to panic just yet. The housing market is still improving giving consumers a boost that there's one industry powering ahead.It's the symphony of sounds the econompy to hear. While ", 'and it affects every homeowner in america. We learned today  home prices , which drive so much of the economy, rose more last year numbers tonight are good news for you, too. This spike in  home prices  unthinkable just two years ago. Economists who study prices ', 'news tonight and it affects every homeowner in america. We learned today home prices , which drive so much of the economy, rose more last year than any time since that housing bubble. Prices surging to their ', 'housing numbers tonight are good news for you, too. This spike in home prices unthinkable just two years ago. Economists who study prices across 20 american cities tonight revealing they see the biggest increase year to ', "closure There is more and certainly in the  housing market  today with a key new report showing  home prices  weakening all across the country. 15120 now and prices we haven't seen in the  housing market  for several years four point 2% thirty ", 'the nationwide for closure -- There is more and certainly in the housing market today with a key new report showing home prices weakening all across the country. 15120 cities in the S&P Case Shiller Index show price drops even places that showed strength there ', "lifetime. Mortgage rates right now and prices we haven't seen in the housing market for several years four point 2% thirty year fixed rate mortgage as of last week according the mortgage bankers. That is -- ", "economy has not yet hit bottom.  Home prices  tumbled another 5%. Tonight according to new economic data the  housing market  is not inching back up is in the It's quite possible that  home prices  will be ten percent lower in ", "San Diego 230000. Dollars lost. And according to new economic data the housing market is not inching back up -- is in the middle of a second wave of falling prices and it may not be the -- It's quite possible that home prices will be ten -- percent lower in ten years. -- correcting for inflation won't ring no recovery despite remarkably low interest rates. ", 'people looking to sell a home new figures show that overall  home sales  both new and used. Dropped almost 5% during August economists similar problems last month sales were at seven year lows.  Housing market  analysts say with inventory levels near historic highs buyers ', 'for people looking to sell a home new figures show that overall home sales both new and used. Dropped almost 5% during August economists say buyers are facing a more typical financing market because of tightening in the credit markets. Now to prove their income levels and provide a healthy down payment. During the real estate -- that was not the case. In August sales of pre owned homes dipped to the lowest level in five years builders of new homes had similar problems last month sales were at seven year lows. Housing market analysts say with inventory levels -- near historic highs buyers are finding a lot of choice when they do go out how ', "there are big numbers out today.  Home prices  in america, jumping up almost 11 homes, they're looking to cash in.  Home prices  across the country surging, which is springs in las vegas, nevada. The  home prices  are soaring here in las vegas. Reporter ", 'some good news for home owners, there are big numbers out today. Home prices in america, jumping up almost 11% from a year ago. The largest gain in nearly seven years. So if you\'re thinking now is the time to sell, here\'s abc\'s paula faris, with ways to boost the price even more. New ways to make "real money." Reporter: There\'s a home-buying frenzy. Americans finally feeling confident enough to take advantage of those record low mortgage rates. And for the two million americans currently selling their homes, they\'re looking to cash in. Home prices across the country surging, which is why the McDOUGAL FAMILY OF PHOENIX HAS Their home on the market, where prices are up more than 22% from just a year ago. Take you through the virtual tour. This is the outside point of our house right here. Reporter: We heard it in las vegas today. Coming to you from indigo springs in las vegas, nevada. The home prices are soaring here in las vegas. Reporter: And atlanta too. Coming to you from atlanta georgia. Reporter: This 1,400 square foot single ', "an hour on existing  home sales . We're expecting news to give you that  housing market  but unfortunately scenes money down on but it S  home prices  have fallen more than they still there in the  housing market  loud and clear. All ", "be getting new members in about half an hour -- on existing home sales . We're expecting there. I wish I had more news to do more good news to give you that housing market but unfortunately scenes are still looking pretty grim there. Existing homes those numbers are expected to decline for the second -- right. The problem is. Buyers just don't wanna go there and put new money down on -- but it -- S home prices have fallen more than 30% since 2006 peak. The problem is even the prices have come down quite -- -- just aren't going into the combined. Moms they're still the pressure. Of the overall economy on their wallets and their incomes to the problem is against. Buys for these existing homes that -- and this is despite the fact that home prices have come down quite significantly this -- -- we talk about why did they still there in the housing market loud and clear. All right meanwhile airfares. Are up 6% this Thanksgiving what -- price hikes. You're actually traveling anywhere -- Thanksgiving ", "the fact that birth rates are falling not -- time for the housing market is because a lot of folks maybe. More apt to rent more apt to stay -- the housing market if there's not necessarily need to house an entire. Yeah out just another sign that folks still don't -- secure enough to ", "Cutler in New York we got new data on the  housing market  in just in the past half hour Sosa joining that's what you need in need to see  home prices  stop falling. Break and get real stabilization positives been honestly Alan. After got new  home sales  office and home numbers coming out what ", 'and then Cutler in New York we got new data on the housing market in just in the past half hour Sosa joining me now to discuss those numbers and all the business headlines this Tuesday ', "And to try and boost  home sales  it's helping today the collapse of the  housing market . And many economists believe stabilizing the  housing market  is the Keating getting fastest way to revive the  housing market  is for the government ", "financing system to bring mortgage rates down. And to try and boost home sales it's helping today a thirty year fixed rate mortgages averaging just over five and a half percent down half a point from a week ago. And now there's a plan being discussed to bring mortgage rates down. Even further so Betsy Stark is here tonight that's it. Charlie this economic crisis weary and began with the collapse of the housing market . And many economists believe stabilizing the housing market is the Keating getting us out of this crisis. But that will not happen until Americans once again believe that buying a ", "get into this yet. Some say the fastest way to revive the housing market is for the government to lure back buyers. The Treasury Department is now considering a plan to lower fixed rate mortgages for home buyers from five point 5% today. To four point 5%. It's a plan within its power now that He controls Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Which own or finance most of the nation's mortgages. My research. Suggests. That is mini is a million and a half to cool to have million people. Are likely to come into the housing market next year if we were to -- Interest rates for new home purchases. Go down to four and a half percent. Just ", "The sale of homes is now a strong part of the economic recovery in this country but as it is senior national correspondent Jim model report. Some homeowners are in for a shock. The seller doesn't tell them they're buying a house that can make them sick. Bob the American dream this house the first", 'Well the two years of misery in the  housing market . Have almost everyone wondering when hit rock bottom developments that might indicate we are turning a corner in the  housing market . Good morning Anna Maria how good morning Mike up well ', "Well the two years of misery in the housing market . Have almost everyone wondering when -- -- hit rock bottom. Our next guest Anna Maria and re notice a reporter at its -- -- excuse me it Smart money dot com says there are some new developments that might indicate we are turning a corner in the housing market . Good morning Anna Maria how -- good morning Mike up well carry out I'm okay let's talk about people out there on ", "have to build on the progress we've made and keep moving forward. I never believed that the best way to deal with the  housing market  was just sit back do nothing and simply wait for things to hit bottom. That would have been a disaster for all the responsible ", 'forward. I never believed that the best way to deal with the housing market was just sit back do nothing and simply wait for things to hit bottom. That would have been a disaster for all ']