["Mexico's president will undergo surgery next week to remove a thyroid nodule, his office said Wednesday.", 'The lower and middle classes of Brazil are protesting for different reasons, but their indignation is the same. ', "Mexico rescues migrants crammed into truck in 'subhuman' conditions updated 1 days ago", 'Mexican authorities say they\'ve rescued 94 migrants who were crammed into the back of a hauling truck in "subhuman conditions."', 'Clashes between criminals and federal police left 22 people dead in Mexico, including two officers, authorities said. ', 'As lifeguards approached to pull a drowning Brazilian teenager from the water, she suffered a second, fatal misfortune -- a shark attack. ', 'Brazilian military police say they destroyed a small explosive device over the weekend after discovering the item in a bathroom near a sanctuary Pope Francis is scheduled to visit later this week.', 'Colombia\'s FARC rebels say they captured an American soldier last month, and will release him as a "gesture" to advance peace talks. ', "A Catholic priest, who's attracting new followers, is providing entertainment during the pope's visit to Brazil. ", "At least 19 soldiers were killed over the weekend in separate clashes with rebels in Colombia, the country's president said.", "Canadian officials find 'insufficient' braking on deadly runaway train updated 5 days ago", 'Canadian officials say "the braking force applied was insufficient to hold" an unmanned train that became a runaway and crashed into a town, killing 38 people.', 'American wanted by Italy in rendition case released in Panama updated 5 days ago', 'A former CIA base chief wanted by Italy and detained in Panama has been released, a State Department spokeswoman said Friday. ', 'A group of 81 migrants held captive in a house in the border city of Reynosa were rescued by Mexican authorities.', 'American wanted by Italy in rendition case arrested in Panama updated 6 days ago', 'One of the 23 Americans whom an Italian court convicted in absentia of kidnapping a terrorism suspect in 2003 has been arrested in Panama. ', "The painstaking process of examining the contents of a North Korean ship is crawling at a snail's pace. ", "Here's a look at the life of Carlos the Jackal, once one of the world's most wanted terrorists. ", 'North Korea wants Panama to release a seized North Korean ship carrying weapons and let its crew go.', 'If you want to scare them away from drugs, this is the cartel you tell your children about.', "The death toll grew to 37 on Tuesday as crews recovered two more bodies in last week's devastating train derailment in the Canadian town of Lac-Megantic.", 'Here is a look at the life of Hugo Chavez, president of Venezuela from 1998 to 2013.', 'The runaway train in Lac-Megantic, Quebec, stirred special sorrow for Daniel Poulin. The sister of his childhood babysitter is gone. So is a golf buddy. ', "Two more bodies have been found at the site of last week's devastating train derailment in the Canadian town of Lac-Megantic, authorities said.", 'Capt. Robert Bartlett was awakened by a sharp crack, like a gunshot. His ship was sinking. ', "Here's a look at what you need to know about the 2010 rescue of 33 miners from a collapsed mine in the Atacama region of northern Chile.", 'Police: More bodies pulled from scene of Canadian train disaster updated 11 days ago', "The head of the railway whose runaway train devastated a small Quebec town cast doubt on his engineer's story.", "Here's a look at what you need to know about Hurricane Sandy. As a hurricane and post-tropical cyclone, Sandy is responsible for 117 deaths in the U.S. and 69 more in Canada and the Caribbean.", "Railway chairman: People in Canadian city 'wanted to throw stones at me' updated 11 days ago", "The head of the railway whose runaway train devastated a small Quebec town cast doubt on his engineer's story.", 'Is Snowden worth the risk? Latin America weighs pros and cons updated 12 days ago', "Here's a look at the pros and cons that leaders are facing in five Latin American nations that are among the 27 countries where Edward Snowden is seeking asylum.", "Railway chairman: People in Canadian city 'wanted to throw stones at me' updated 13 days ago", "The head of the railway whose runaway train devastated a small Quebec town cast doubt on his engineer's story.", 'Is Snowden ready to take flight? WikiLeaks hints at next move updated 13 days ago', 'As speculation grows over Edward Snowden\'s path to freedom, WikiLeaks teased that his "flight of liberty" campaign starts Wednesday, promising further details.', "U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has accepted Venezuela's asylum offer, a Russian parliamentary spokesman said in a tweet that was soon deleted.", 'Chilean President Sebastian Pinera stoked an abortion debate in his country over remarks he made about an 11-year-old girl who became pregnant after being raped.', "The head of the railway whose runaway train devastated a small Quebec town cast doubt on his engineer's story.", "A weakening Tropical Storm Chantal isn't much to look at, but could make a mess of the Dominican Republic and Haiti on Wednesday.", 'Tropical Storm Chantal barrels through Caribbean, heads toward Hispaniola updated 15 days ago', 'Tropical Storm Chantal barreled into the eastern Caribbean on Tuesday, threatening torrential rains and dangerous waves.', 'Flash flooding traps Toronto train passengers, stalls rush hour traffic updated 15 days ago', 'The search continues for dozens of people missing after a runaway train exploded in Canada, killing at least 13.', 'Tropical Storm Chantal barreled through the Atlantic Ocean early Monday, racing toward the Lesser Antilles, the National Weather Service said.', 'Still a man without a country, U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has two, maybe three, options available to him as he seeks asylum.', "Living amid the garbage-strewn sewage canals, residents of Haiti's Cite Soleil endure a grim battle for survival every single day. ", 'Engine shutdown may have started Canadian train disaster, railway says  updated 17 days ago', 'At least five people were killed and "many more" deaths are expected in a small Canadian town devastated by an exploding runaway train, local police said.', 'Venezuela says it has extended an offer of asylum to Edward Snowden, but it has not heard back from him. ', 'Player stabbed, referee dismembered over soccer quarrel in Brazil updated 18 days ago', 'The argument started over a red card at a Brazilian soccer game. It ended with the referee dismembered and a player stabbed to death. ', 'At least 1 person died and others were reported missing after a train pulling more than 70 tankers of crude oil derailed and burst into flames in eastern Canada.', "Two weeks after arriving at Moscow's Sheremetyevo International Airport and essentially becoming a man without a country, Edward Snowden finally has some options. ", 'Venezuela, Bolivia offer asylum to U.S. intel leaker Snowden updated 18 days ago', 'Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has offered asylum to U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden, the state-run AVN news agency reported Friday.', "Italian drug lord Roberto Pannunzi, one of Europe's most wanted traffickers, was captured in a shopping center north of Bogota, Colombia police said Saturday. ", 'Morales challenges U.S. after Snowden rumor holds up plane in Europe updated 19 days ago', 'President Evo Morales returned to Bolivia late Wednesday after his plane was held up in Europe under suspicions that Edward Snowden had hitched a ride.', 'Many undocumented immigrant Mexican youths, known as DREAMers, have returned to Mexico to pursue their goals. ', "Snowden rumors temporarily ground Bolivian president's plane  updated 21 days ago", "Bolivian officials say their country's presidential plane had to land in Austria after false rumors that Edward Snowden was aboard the aircraft.", 'U.S. Coast Guard and military rescuers Wednesday found nine boaters who had been lost at sea off the coast of Honduras.', 'Eight boaters missing off Honduras since Sunday have been found, and a rescue is under way, the U.S. Coast Guard announced Wednesday.', 'Bolivia: Presidential plane forced to land after false rumors of Snowden onboard updated 22 days ago', "Bolivian officials say their country's presidential plane had to land in Austria after false rumors that Edward Snowden was aboard the aircraft.", 'Five Hondurans, a Canadian and two U.S. citizens went missing off the coast of Honduras over the weekend, the U.S. Coast Guard said.', 'Two suspects have been arrested on terror charges and are accused of plotting to use explosive devices in Victoria, British Columbia, on Canada Day, which fell on Monday, James Malizia of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Tuesday.', "Authorities in Mexico City say they've rescued 46 women in a human trafficking bust.", 'Cuban columnist says bribes get U.S. visas, American diplomats say not true updated 24 days ago', 'A Cuban columnist accuses employees of the U.S. diplomatic mission in Havana of accepting bribes for visas, charges that American diplomats challenge.', "Ecuador's president to U.S.: Don't threaten us on Snowden case updated 27 days ago", "Defiant authorities in Ecuador say they won't bow to U.S. pressure as they weigh former NSA contractor Edward Snowden's request for asylum. ", "A small plane carrying six people, including a director of Italy's famed Missoni fashion house, has been found.", "In the wake of massive anti-government protests, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff proposed a referendum to place political reform in the public's hands. ", 'Police in Colombia have arrested four people accused of killing a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agent during an attempted robbery.', 'Another Canadian city braces for flooding, evacuates 10,000  updated 31 days ago', 'As waters receded in some parts of southern Alberta, yet another city evacuated residents and lined up sandbags, waiting for a river to burst its banks.', 'Brazil: With tensions high amid protests, soccer tournament goes on  updated 32 days ago', "Brazil, rocked by recent nationwide protests, hosts two high-profile football games on Sunday in preparation for next year's World Cup.", 'A third person has died in the flooding that has deluged entire towns and threatens even more communities in southern Alberta, Canada, authorities said Saturday.', 'Rivers fed by torrential rains spilled across southern Alberta, Canada, Friday, leaving two people dead and covering downtown Calgary in brown floodwater.', "A new search for an American teen who went missing on a mountain in Ecuador turned up no clues, the teen's father said Friday. ", 'Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff vowed Friday to talk with protest leaders but warned the government would not tolerate violence.', 'If you discovered water that could be millions or billions of years old, would you taste it?', 'August Reiger was supposed to reunite with his family at the top of a scenic mountain trail in Ecuador.', 'A massive crowd of demonstrators swelled around an iconic church in the heart of Rio de Janeiro on Thursday, a day after protesters scored a major victory.', 'Two people died Thursday when a fireworks plant exploded near Montreal, federal police in Quebec said.', 'Brazilian protesters take a break as more security hits the streets updated 35 days ago', 'Protesters in Brazil called for a "time out" Wednesday, a glaring contrast to the loud, voluminous demonstrations that reverberated across several cities', 'Man hunted by FBI for alleged child sex abuse arrested in Mexico updated 36 days ago', "Mexican authorities have arrested a former college professor who was on the FBI's 10 most wanted list over allegations of child sex abuse. ", 'Brazilians angry about taxes, corruption and other issues vowed to hit streets again Tuesday, a day after the largest protests in Brazil in at least 20 years.', 'At 11 p.m., the tired and the injured gathered in Belo Horizonte for one last expression of discontent. ', 'All clear given after Pemex headquarters evacuation in Mexico updated 36 days ago', "The headquarters of Mexico's state oil was evacuated Tuesday night -- but it turned out to be a false alarm, the company said. ", "Montreal's interim mayor, Michael Applebaum, was arrested and charged early Monday with 14 criminal counts including fraud, breach of trust and conspiracy.", 'A 5.8 magnitude earthquake struck southwestern Mexico early Sunday morning, the U.S. Geological Survey said. ', 'Protesters, police clash in demonstration against bus fare increases in Brazil updated 41 days ago', 'Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets when thousands of people took to the streets of Sao Paulo, Brazil, on Thursday to protest bus and metro fare increases.', "Voters in the eastern Mexican city of Xalapa should be tired of voting for rats, one campaign slogan suggests. The candidate behind it should know. He's a cat.", "Two commuter trains collided near Argentina's capital on Tuesday, killing at least three people and injuring hundreds more.", "For nearly half of the world's population, building and maintaining a fire is a daily -- and often deadly -- chore.", 'Argentina: Ex-president gets 7 years in prison for arms smuggling updated 41 days ago', 'An Argentine court has sentenced former President Carlos Menem to seven years in prison for his role in illegally smuggling weapons to Ecuador and Croatia.', 'A jellyfish sting has stopped an Australian endurance swimmer, just 11 hours into her attempt to swim from Cuba to Florida.', 'Argentine authorities raided sites across the country Wednesday as part of what they called a nationwide slavery ring crackdown.', 'Protesters, police clash in Sao Paulo streets over fare increases updated 42 days ago', "Police arrested 25 demonstrators after clashes Tuesday in the streets of the South American country's largest city, protest organizers said.", 'Australian endurance swimmer Chloe McCardel leaps into the waters off Havana in her bid to swim the Straits of Florida.', 'Venezuela says it foiled plot to assassinate President Maduro updated 44 days ago', 'Venezuela has thwarted a plan by two paramilitary groups to kill President Nicolas Maduro, state-run VTV reported Monday.', 'A gang was involved in the disappearance of people at a nightclub, Mexican city officials say.', 'Violence in Mexico is back in the news and so is the perennial question: Is Mexico safe? ', "Former Peruvian leader Alberto Fujimori won't receive a pardon, country's current president determines.", "Mexican authorities say they've rescued 165 migrants who were apparently kidnapped as they tried to cross into the United States.", 'A U.S. State Department contractor jailed in Cuba will be allowed to receive a medical exam from a U.S. doctor, a Cuban government official told CNN Wednesday.', "Police in Mexico City have detained three people in the mysterious disappearance of 12 people from a nightclub, the city's attorney general said. ", 'A U.S. filmmaker was released from a Venezuelan prison and expelled from the country, his lawyer said Wednesday. ', 'Relatives of 11 young people who vanished from a Mexico City entertainment district are pressuring officials to do more to help them. ', 'Following widespread criticism, Brazil\'s health ministry has scrapped an online campaign called "I\'m happy being a prostitute."', '11 people disappear from Mexico City bar; relatives seek answers updated 51 days ago']