['Military leaders oust president Mohamed Morsi after deadline on ultimatum passes.', "she's sitting in a federal jail, as the man she allegedly helped hide is fighting t out of one. Whitey bulger himself is  expe  expected to testify in his own defense calling it the big show, what he says is a chance finally vindicate himself afrp deck ", 'helped hide is fighting t out of one. Whitey bulger himself is expe expected to testify in his own defense calling it the big show, what he says is a chance finally vindicate himself afrp ', "disappointed to know the lady sitting right there on the end she paid about 250 dollars of and she had been two weeks ago on  Expedia . By the way don't have told us bears are determined by market supply and demand and that few government regulations. They ", "dollars of -- -- and she had been two weeks ago on Expedia . By the way don't have told us bears are determined by market supply and demand and that few -- government regulations. They ", "disappointed to know the lady sitting right there on the end paid about $250. I would be disappointed. She booked two weeks ago on  expedia . Wow. Delta told us fares are determined by market supply and demand and due to government regulations they couldn't discuss ", "about $250. I would be disappointed. She booked two weeks ago on expedia . Wow. Delta told us fares are determined by market supply and demand and due to government regulations they couldn't discuss it further. ", "vice president and general manager of  Expedia  dot com. Just so much it's a pleasure data catch a flight. Shore so. At at  Expedia  we look at this and and try to disclose analyze these things but we've we've  Expedia  tried to make this simple as possible ", "expertise is Joseph -- -- -- vice president and general manager of Expedia dot com. Just -- so much it's a pleasure having you so Thanksgiving is right around the corner. The Christmas holiday right ", 'fly -- times of data catch a flight. Shore so. At at Expedia we look at this and and try to disclose these rates for for customers and and what we have found. Is that ', "be stock trader trying to analyze these things but we've we've -- Expedia tried to make this -- simple as possible. -- first off let's say if you find a great fair crowd that these things can change in inventory is in limited supply. This year more than than prior years as well. But one thing that Expedia is put on their site to help about -- -- fare tracker tool. Where you can from any city to any destination ", "some economy customers for carry on bag. We'll have to pay anyone who books flights at third party web sites like Orbitz or  Expedia . And those fees won't be 25 dollars in advance or a hundred bucks at the gate. Frontier also plans to charge everyone two ", "anyone who books flights at third party web sites like Orbitz or Expedia . And those fees won't be -- 25 dollars in advance or a hundred bucks at the gate. Frontier also plans to charge ", "was signed not wanting to have it's that back half that price is put on hold it's that travel. Website is elected  Expedia com  and they wouldn't do it anyway they went to court and ovitz has now won a ruling that says American. Will have to ", "is put on hold it's that travel. Website -- is elected -- Expedia com and they wouldn't do it anyway they went to court and ovitz has now won a ruling that says American. Will ", "insurgents were dead. In addition to the two u.S. Marines that were killed, nine other coalition personnel were also hurt in the attack. Dan? Mohammad, thank you. We're learning more this morning about the ex-con  expe -- leawho", "Dan? Mohammad, thank you. We're learning more this morning about the ex-con expe -- leawho ", "health. At the same time today you got an announcement from  Expedia  tainted they wanna go ahead and say that Google actually isn't against that really Google antitrust issue in the spotlight today  Expedia  for one not buying ever gonna have to see if chairman Eric ", "the health. At the same time today you got an announcement from Expedia tainted they wanna go ahead and say that Google actually isn't playing fair when it comes to these -- as a -- Google actually launched into the airline space into the airline -- space recently. One of the caveats to getting that deal of them is they had promised antitrust regulators. They wouldn't list there airline schedule -- ahead of their rivals. Blake's speed now coming and saying you know what -- not doing that they're not playing fair and they're willing to take some action against that -- really -- Google antitrust issue in the spotlight today Expedia for one not buying ever gonna have to see if -- chairman Eric Schmidt can consider -- and convince the senate committee ", "an anti trust investigation is just the result of sour grapes my Google's competitors. But companies like next Yelp and  Expedia  will tell the senators then Google's search engines drive people to its own specialized sites. Rather than the best results ", "sour grapes my Google's competitors. But companies like next -- Yelp and Expedia will tell the senators then Google's search engines drive people to its own specialized sites. Rather than the best results for their ", "Stanford business school grad from Israel who would include cruise wise dot com an online booking engine just like Orbitz or  Expedia  and cruises. He's already hired nine American employees and his companies and one of the hot twenty Silicon Valley startups ", "cruise wise dot com an online booking engine just like Orbitz or Expedia and cruises. He's already hired nine American employees and his companies and -- one of the hot twenty Silicon Valley startups to ", 'the television to get a good view that price point runs anywhere from 1995. Up to eighty dollars retail most of the product out in the thirty to forty dollars retail so. Very value price. That are available online. the  Expedia  dot com.', 'dollars retail so. Very value price. That are available online. -- the Expedia dot com. ', "saying I like Mike Campbell the fire people. The work he's talking about and I'm. You know you cannot get hotels through  Expedia  if you think that's not a blooper. You want to beat the want to holding the credit card team sports someone providing a ", "-- -- and I'm. You know you cannot get -- hotels through Expedia if you think that's not a blooper. You want to beat the want to holding the credit card team sports someone providing ", "And Greg does it matter if you're booking on a site like  Expedia  travelocity are going to the airline site. Always we shopped can often get a better deal on the third party sites like the  Expedia  is the orbits and so forth but. Not all airlines put all their ", "And Greg does it matter if you're booking on a site like Expedia travelocity are going to the -- airline site. Always we shopped around for tickets and then -- you can often get a better deal on the third party sites like the Expedia is the orbits and so forth but. Not all airlines put all their flights on those sites and some don't put any ", 'any music and it seems short rates and regulatory hurdles there perhaps speak the travel business Alex tell us about plants  Expedia  which is the online travel site is to spin out into two publicly traded companies. One is sixty yen one is trip advisor which ', 'the travel business Alex tell us about -- -- plants -- -- Expedia which is the online travel site is -- to spin out into two publicly traded companies. One is sixty yen -- one ', "Now if you're gonna look for airfares to booking dot com. Because they search about a dozen others are tainted they search  Expedia  travelocity Orbitz search everybody for you to get the very lowest price and because you don't have a rental car you don't ", "com. Because they search about a dozen others are tainted they search Expedia travelocity Orbitz -- search everybody for you to get the very lowest price and because you don't have a rental car you ", "compounding the issue most airlines disclose their fees on their own web sites but don't report them to online travel agencies like  Expedia  and travel last city where the majority of airline tickets are booked. Next month Spirit Airlines plans to Begin charging ", "own web sites but don't report them to online travel agencies like Expedia and travel last city where the majority of airline tickets are booked. Next month Spirit Airlines plans to Begin charging extra for ", "at someone thinks that you can do is to go to looking dot com. And that as a resource that will look at travelocity Orbitz  Expedia  a lot of the nature of research areas and it will take it very that's flight price and what's the price that you see the ", "com. And that as a resource that will look at travelocity Orbitz Expedia a lot of the nature of research areas and it will take it very that's flight price and what's the price that ", "be the best bargain. Mixing selections and going to several airline website that's where the online travel agencies like  Expedia  Orbitz travelocity really shine because they're gonna. Tell you that your best deals going on one airline in one direction ", "going to several airline website that's where the online travel agencies like Expedia Orbitz travelocity really shine because they're gonna. Tell you that your best deals going on one airline in one direction coming back ", "abortion rights. And finally from us today and the webcast. Houston. We have a baby. However don't for the last night.  Expedia  male friends to join the best at handling. And yeah I think you're doing very well. After taking his first spacewalk this ", "webcast. Houston. We have a baby. However don't for the last night. Expedia male friends to join the best at handling. And yeah I think you're doing very well. After taking his first spacewalk this "]