["carry-on bags, roomier seats --and the newest frontier, in-flight beverages. Oops, subconscious pun.  Frontier Airlines  is one of the airlines that has begun charging even for non-alcoholic beverages. Now, I'm not one of those ", "Man in Custody After Alleged Bomb Threat Forces Frontier Airlines  Flight's Evacuation", 'and 136 passengers aboard a  Frontier Airlines  flight traveling from Knoxville security threat Friday evening,  Frontier Airlines  spokeswoman Kate O\'Mally told Dannenberg, who was traveling on  Frontier Airlines  flight 601 told "Good Morning ', 'boundaries to avoid carry-on baggage fees." RELATED: Allegiant Airlines to Charge for Carry-Ons RELATED:  Frontier Airlines  Will Charge Some Customers for Carry-Ons, Introduces a Fee for Soft Drinks But back to the crying baby vs. smelly ', 'diming us. Hardly, and Frontier is not alone with new or newly increased fees. Have they all gone nuts? RELATED:  Frontier Airlines  Will Charge Some Customers for Carry-Ons, Introduces a Fee for Soft Drinks For more travel news and insights view ', "The change-fee isn't the only fee likely to take a bite out of summer travelers' wallets: Earlier this week,  Frontier Airlines  announced it would charge passengers who book on third-party web sites for carry-on bags and for soft drinks ", 'increase was Cancun, up 3 percent. But summer 2013 air travel will bring more fees for fliers. Earlier this week,  Frontier Airlines  announced it would charge passengers who book at a third-party website a carry-on bag fee , becoming the second ', 'Frontier Airlines  Will Charge Some Customers for Carry-Ons, Introduces a Fee for Soft Drinks', 'Another domestic airline will charge passengers for carry-on bags. Denver-based  Frontier Airlines  announced Wednesday it would begin charging passengers who book tickets on third-party web sites -- such as Expedia and Orbitz ', 'the "Harlem Shake" video fad recorded on board a  Frontier Airlines  flight now has the attention of federal investigators Weddell told ABC News. Citing the FAA investigation,  Frontier Airlines  spokeswoman Kate O\'Malley would not comment on ', 'Ultimate Frisbee Team took the "Harlem Shake" to new heights when they added to the viral video fad by dancing on a  Frontier Airlines  flight. Now the Federal Aviation Administration is investigating to see whether the team violated regulations.', 'Half-Jewish, Half-Arab Woman Sues FBI, TSA, Frontier Airlines  Over 9/11 Strip Search', 'half-Arab Ohio woman is suing  Frontier Airlines , the FBI, TSA and other government addition to the TSA, the FBI, and  Frontier Airlines , the complaint also names ICE when contacted by ABC News.  Frontier Airlines  did not immediately respond ', '2011 to 1,353 this June. The most on-time airlines were Hawaiian Airlines, which benefits from good weather, Alaska Airlines, and Mesa Airlines. The most delayed were United Airlines,  Frontier Airlines  and ExpressJet Airlines.', 'twitter handles that may come in handy: For American Airlines: @AmericanAir; Delta Airlines: @DeltaAssist;  Frontier Airlines : @FlyFrontier; JetBlue: @JetBlue; Southwest Airlines: @SouthwestAir; United: @United. 4. Keep moving forward ', 'Frontier Airlines  has decided to let the public choose its next "spokesanimal." The winner, to be announced at the end of April, will be the ', "bomb was inside the bag at about to go off. Overnight a 136. Passengers and five crew members evacuated. From the  Frontier Airlines  flight in Denver one passenger on that flight tells ABC news it's all because a man on the plane claimed to have ", "off. Overnight a 136. Passengers and five crew members evacuated. From the Frontier Airlines flight in Denver one passenger on that flight tells ABC news it's all because a man on the plane claimed to have ", "into action. Reporter: Last night's air scare started on a 6:30 p.M. Flight from knoxville to denver. A  frontier airlines  plane, with 136 passengers onboard, was making its descent into denver when a man tells a flight attendant that ", 'scare started on a 6:30 p.M. Flight from knoxville to denver. A frontier airlines plane, with 136 passengers onboard, was making its descent into denver when a man tells a flight attendant that he has a ', 'to scotland after someone found te in the bathroom, a bomb onboard. It had a seat number. The other flight on  frontier airlines , a passenger told a flight attendant. The flight crew piling seat cushions on top of the bag, doing anything to ', 'a bomb onboard. It had a seat number. The other flight on frontier airlines , a passenger told a flight attendant. The flight crew piling seat cushions on top of the bag, doing anything to protect passengers. ', "creatures. We'll wait what was that. Sucking the blood out of living creatures know before that. Scrapbooking scrapbooking. Somebody get this free data here. Who will be the next frontier animal. Couples choose  Frontier Airlines  stock", 'free data here. Who will be the next frontier animal. Couples choose Frontier Airlines stock -- ', 'Colorado College Ultimate Frisbee team performed dance during  Frontier Airlines  flight.', "If you're planning on flying  Frontier Airlines  make to carry some cash. The airline plans to start charging some economy customers for carry on bag. We'll have to pay anyone ", "If you're planning on flying Frontier Airlines -- make -- to carry some cash. The airline plans to start charging some economy customers for carry on bag. We'll have ", 'that a dance craze can go too far, the "harlem shake." The faa is pouring over this video. It\'s on board a  frontier airlines  flight. And then, the whole plane. It was a prank started by the colorado college ultimate frisbee team. But ', 'shake." The faa is pouring over this video. It\'s on board a frontier airlines flight. And then, the whole plane. It was a prank started by the colorado college ultimate frisbee team. But the faa says ']