['This week on "Popcorn with Peter Travers," Peter names the best and worst movies of the year so far!', "hcg in the seacats' home. The defense says vashti was taking the drug to lose weight which has been known to have  side effects  leading to depression but prosecutors have painted a different story, one of bizarre behavior alleging that 37-year-old ", "taking the drug to lose weight which has been known to have side effects leading to depression but prosecutors have painted a different story, one of bizarre behavior alleging that 37-year-old wrote his wife's suicide note, ", "me. Well then let me ask this about the movie about  side effects  that use each talking about you. I'll start with you Judy just say when you look at  side effects  millions is their moment in this many moments but ", "from me. Well then let me ask this about the movie about side effects -- that use each talking about you. I'll start with you Judy just say when you look at side effects millions -- is their moment in this -- -- many moments but. -- there a moment in this that resonates with you ", 'jude law. He is starring in a tense, new thriller, " side effects ." He plays a doctor whose life spins out of control to go. Please, come back. Of course, I will. " Side effects " in theaters FEBRUARY 8th.', 'now, with jude law. He is starring in a tense, new thriller, " side effects ." He plays a doctor whose life spins out of control thanks to one patient. I was exhausted after watching this movie. It ', 'so. We have to go. Please, come back. Of course, I will. " Side effects " in theaters FEBRUARY 8th. ', "tell you what is happening at the movies and I'm telling you there's a great happening out there right now called  side effects . Directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring these two people more in front of me right now as patient And Law. Are ", "I'm telling you there's a great happening out there right now called side effects . Directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring these two people more in front of me right now as patient -- -- And -- ", 'important to keep in mind that the  side effects  may also change. Generally speaking addition some of the more. Medically  side effects  include weight gain. Development these medications. Other kinds of  side effects  can ranged from. A loss of libido ', "so for that reason it's important to keep in mind that the side effects may also change. Generally speaking many of the medications that are used to treat bipolar disorder can be -- dating make people feel more sleepy although this is a side effect that often goes away the longer somebody stays on the medication. In addition some of the more. Medically -- side effects include weight gain. Development of non insulin dependent diabetes development of hypertension and hyper cholesterol emea. For these reasons some psychiatrists and internists are paying much more attention to. Keeping track of these abnormalities and people who are but who have bipolar disorder and are taking these medications. Other kinds of side effects can -- ranged from. A loss of libido and loss of sexual functioning. Two. A feeling of cognitive slowing where people say their thoughts actually come much more slowly than they used to. To a feeling of loss of experiencing color and vivid in this in life. So those are all common and important nagging side effects and psychiatrists often have to work we've the patients. To try and find the medication combination that actually -- -- -- -- well while let and not having -- side effects . Friends and family members can often play an important role in communicating with the person -- bipolar disorder and also possibly with a psychiatrist. To try and make people aware that the persons experiencing -- side effects so keep an eye out for these up for these kinds of side effects . And communicate with the person and possibly their -- -- ", 'You sure of  side effects  on medications critical one. Because patients unable to pick them. Because of  side effects  but not do much good. As a result doctor what we anticipated will likely  side effects  from the medication from the city can ', "You sure of side effects on medications -- critical one. Because while the medications are generally effective -- -- -- -- the patients unable to pick them. Because of side effects but not -- do much good. As a result it's important -- early on in treatment starting medication. He discussed with your doctor what we anticipated will likely side effects from the medication from the city can be prepared -- not surprise. When you experience them. Many side effects tend to be trained to that is in her early on. Content of food over the time so that it can get through the first few days and weeks of the sound effects usually people -- -- for me to. The doctor may choose to started -- we've been typical -- to minimize side effects to go up more swollen. Then He might ordinarily. Go in order to minimize discomfort with the medication. Were sometimes sexually. Additional medication to manage the side effects -- are -- on. -- -- The treatment and hearing for the medication can be critical terms of getting things done -- -- -- effectively treated. So making the position aware of the side effects are experiencing. And see if there's things that -- can -- it is always preferable to discontinuing treatment. ", 'medications like all medications. have  side effects . We really want to break these down to two major types of  side effects  one. Ones that we may anticipate nausea. Loading or gas. Their  side effects  that are commonly experience include ', "Antidepressant medications like all medications. -- have side effects . We really want to break these down -- to two major types of side effects one. Ones that we may anticipate. And may -- be able to tolerate and others that are more serious. Initially. Antidepressant medications. May cause gastrointestinal. Sometimes this may include nausea. -- -- Loading or gas. Their -- -- side effects that are commonly experience include headache. Changes in sleep pattern -- feeling overly sleepy or having difficulty. Falling asleep. On these are very common types of side effects and things. Really that many children morally experience. Most of them the side effects don't cause enough problems and a child accommodates to them. The more serious kinds of side effects which have gotten a lot of attention I'm in the media include. Thoughts. Suicide or self injury. This is a very complicated ", 'the beginning of treatment. All with adjustments and dose. Other very serious side effects . May include what we think of his -- -- dis inhibition. This really refers to people children who seem to get -- ', "external radiation. RI That's  side effects  can be defined. To those that experience during treatment and  side effects  that may show up much later time or years later. The short term  side effects  that when it that patients may ", "So for external radiation. RI -- That's side effects can be defined. To those that patients will experience during treatment and side effects that may show up much later time months or years later. The short term side effects that when it that patients may experience during treatment. Usually falter following categories. They may experience a little bit of fatigue. This ", "-- my experience. Slight increase. In. Having what I would call rectal side effects or having more frequent problem moments this is because the prostate. As many men now because it from rectal exams. That's right adjacent. To the -- part of Beckham does get inflamed so they may see a small increase in problems. He should not see diarrhea. These side effects tend to go away over a month or two after they complete their course of radiation therapy. The long term side effects of radiation therapy. Relates to some than normal tissues. That are in the path of radiation field no matter how can -- the radiation field. He's side effects well impact. Can't on the rectum. And there's a small percentage under 5%. That despite the greatest radiation techniques may experienced -- ", 'concerned about the long term.  Side effects  of the treatment in it has been beneficial. You can then judge the  side effects . Against the benefit that you you valuable benefit. And the  side effects  are mild to moderate consider what ', "And there's no reason to be terribly concerned about the long term. Side effects of the treatment in -- it has been good for you as you've begun to work with it if it has been beneficial. You can then judge the side effects . Against the benefit that you get so any treatment that hasn't worked for you. Feel free to discard it. But -- treatment has given you valuable benefit. And the side effects are mild to moderate consider what the alternatives are there is a risk that -- try something else and it'll be better without. The side -- there's also risk that that alternative intervention won't work as well. It really depends what what your previous experience has been with the treatment and the alternatives that are available. There's no treatment that we can offer that would be totally without side effects but there's also no way to know. Which side effects -- given individual. Might experience. So. Get the medications -- trying if they work. Then decide whether this architectural experience. Are worth ", 'benefits are many however spokesman without their  side effects . The  side effects  could be. Grouped into those that are related cough rate is relatively much less. The other  side effects  include data to interest over too much the patient ', 'the patients. Some benefits are many however -- spokesman -- without their side effects . The side effects could be. Grouped into those that are related activity to hire me to kind of level which -- -- injured -- And your team is relatively rare but but -- has not been in some months news of the 20/20 5% of the patients may develop. Cough and those particular patients. Agents -- -- -- -- going to be fairly beneficial cough rate is relatively much less. The other side effects include data to -- interest over too much the patient and develop dizziness. And then one thing that always concerns people is ', 'Difficulty with sleep. And also some specific  side effects  that may relate to specific FM RIs. so for example quickly. Patients should be forewarned of these  side effects  and more serious  side effects  such as liver toxicity than male Malta. drug ', 'hand cause dry mouth constipation. Difficulty with sleep. And also some specific side effects that may relate to specific FM RIs. -- so for example may increase the diastolic blood pressure. And so caution should be heated when using effects in hypertensive patients. Some Malta on the other hand may cause what we call -- static hype Poe tension. Which essentially means becoming dizzy when you stand up too quickly. Patients should be forewarned of these side effects and more serious side effects such as liver toxicity than male -- -- -- Malta. -- drug classes such as try cyclic antidepressants. May cause dry mouth. ', "treated a psychotic. They'll have no problem with  side effects  that result of those medications. However sometimes Or can cost business. In each instance both of these  side effects  should be completely reversible once in psychotic stop ", "-- disorder who treated -- a psychotic. They'll have no problem with side effects that result of those medications. However sometimes in -- congress can increase. Lunch bloodshed. -- it's important when these medications started. That the person's blood -- be monitored with simple blood test to make sure there's not a problem. Other VA psychologists can cause -- sedation make the person to sweeping. Or can cost business. In each instance both of these side effects should be completely reversible once in psychotic stop. If a person does experience a bad side effect from a psychotic their other ", 'The most common  side effects  that experienced children adolescents who take antidepressants which symptoms The experience. In addition there are some sexual  side effects  that antidepressants cause and adolescents and adults. Those discussed ', 'The most common side effects that experienced -- children adolescents who take antidepressants. Include feelings of sedation in some weight gain. In some children a smaller percentage they actually feel more -- tries from the anti depressant and when you prescribe the medicine. The parents can help you to decide whether their child beaten comes -- -- more -- in those instances they can get the medicine you can hear them morning depending on which symptoms -- The experience. In addition there are some sexual side effects that antidepressants cause and adolescents and adults. Those -- -- -- discussed with the parent and the child separated with a doctorate ', "you might get a certain type of  side effects  we can usually predict. From the you might have a certain type of  side effects  such as nausea vomiting or. Mouth important not to be stoic about these  side effects  you shouldn't just. Sort of ", "predictable patterns. Of oh win you might get a certain type of side effects we can usually predict. From the -- that you start to chemotherapy. Weighing you might have a certain type of side effects such as nausea vomiting or. Mouth sores or low blood counts. We can't necessarily predict how severe it might or might be or whether it even happens. But nonetheless it's very important that you understand that pattern. The other -- it's important not to be stoic about these side effects you shouldn't just. Sort of sit there and accept them it's very important contact your doctor -- nurse. To make sure they ", "dietary supplement or even something your physician recommended it's always a good idea to ask what are the potential  side effects . And here for the dietary supplements we have to go to some different sources and do her homework again. And I'm ", "recommended it's always a good idea to ask what are the potential side effects . And here for the dietary supplements we have to go to some different sources and do her homework again. And I'm thinking ", 'The east  side effects  of directs. Are common the most important by far is that they actually take too much fluid out of the body. As as you know dire ', 'The east side effects of directs. Are common the most important by far is that they actually take too much fluid out of the body. As ', 'Well actually the most common.  Side effects  from anti depressants would include. things like headache. Nausea. Gastrointestinal. Disturbances. Sexual. Dysfunction ', "Well actually the most common. Side effects from anti depressants would include. -- things like headache. Nausea. Gastrointestinal. Disturbances. Sexual. Dysfunction. There are. People and it's rare who have ", "Electro convulsive therapy is a treatment for depression that has been around for many years and despite people's fears about the treatment. It is in fact be safest and most effective treatment we have for severe depressions. Occasionally people do experience temporary forgetfulness as a result of", "He's generals a very well tolerated medication there are few  side effects  that are associated with it. The most common ones are things like restlessness insomnia headaches. Some nausea or upset stomach ", "He's -- generals a very well tolerated medication there are few side effects that are associated with it. The most common ones are things like restlessness insomnia headaches. Some nausea or upset stomach. -- handedness "]