["National Transportation Safety Board head details the latest news about Saturday's deadly crash.", 'Washington Reagan  airport . We are launching Francisco International  Airport  earlier today. We Francisco. International  Airport . And they crashed cooperation from the  Federal Aviation Administration . From Boeing. And ', "where tax -- as saying we're getting very good cooperation from the Federal Aviation Administration . From Boeing. And from other participants. We are working now with our counterparts in Korea the Korean air and accident investigation board. ", "the spirit  airlines  flight from Reporter: The  federal aviation administration  is investigating york's jfk  airport . And this recommending that the  faa  changes the the spirit  airlines  incident, what the  faa  wants to know ", 'were continually going up and down, off of our seats. Reporter: The federal aviation administration is investigating this close call and says there was only 400 vertical feet between the 2 plane, though they were a mile ', "nine and is at Reagan national  airport  in Washington DC this morning on Friday news broke that the  FAA  may soon allow some devices Baldwin and kicked an American  Airlines  flight in 2011. Refusing to Bentley it'll be up to the  FAA  to decide what to do. Now with What he'll be up to the  FAA  to decide where to take these ", 'you -- cell phone off. But on Friday news broke that the FAA may soon allow some devices. -- The cell -- is allowed to transmit at a higher level than for instance Wi-Fi so a cell -- can potentially have more power transmitting its signal. Welcome news for actor Alec Baldwin and kicked -- an American Airlines flight in 2011. Refusing to turn off his phone while playing words with friends before takeoff and not any game manager but ', 'Delta 172 is lining up to land at jfk  airport . But the 747 pilot decides not to land jet is taking off from nearby la guardia  airport . And the two aircraft get too close headed straight to each other. What the  faa  calls losing separation. Others call sight? Never saw him. Reporter: The  faa  does say the planes were turning away ', "040 now. Reporter: Delta 172 is lining up to land at jfk airport . But the 747 pilot decides not to land, to circle around, and try again. But at the same time, a small, delta commuter jet is taking off from nearby la guardia airport . And the two aircraft get too close. We're almost at 545 now. Delta 172, heavy traffic, 12:00, 1,400 feet. Reporter: The two aircraft, headed straight to each other. What the faa calls losing separation. Others call it, a near miss. Anytime we have two airports that allegedly come within 100 feet of each other, it's not just a violation. It's serious. Do you have the la guardia departure in sight? Never saw him. Reporter: The faa does say the planes were turning away from each other when they got too close. We got a systemic failure, obviously, in the system, which is so well-designed breaks down and we have somebody getting close to somebody else. Reporter: This happened last friday afternoon. And between 2009 and 2010, there was a 50% increase in these kind of operational errors, which the faa calls them. The faa says part of that is due to better reporting. Of course, these close calls remain a concern. ", "Top stories a mishap at Kennedy  Airport  this morning involving two passenger jets Eyewitness live there at JFK with details Michelle affiliate they clipped each other The Florida. The air India passengers from Delhi have all depleted gone through customs and they are on their way. An  FAA  investigation now is under way and we're live at JFK channel seven. Eyewitness News.", "all depleted gone through customs and they are on their way. An FAA investigation now is under way and we're live at JFK -- -- -- channel seven. Eyewitness News. ", 'now starting here. At the  airport  here in Denver this afternoon major computer failure at the  Federal Aviation Administration . The communications breakdown happened this afternoon at an  FAA  facility south of Atlanta is just further proof the  FAA  needs a major overhaul ', "ABC it's now starting here. At the airport here in Denver this afternoon and -- dozens of major airports around the country. Flights have been delayed by a major computer failure at the Federal Aviation Administration . The communications breakdown involved the system that files flight plans for half the country ABC's Brian -- reports from New York. Where thousands of passengers today just getting off the ground was a struggle. And all because of a single computer glitch it happened this afternoon at an FAA facility south of Atlanta. One of only two senators responsible for processing. Tens of thousands of flight plans a day every commercial ", 'What could be the end of  airport  armageddon. And all those kerley is at reagan national  airport  for us there in washin good backed up because of the  faa  issues. Reporter: All across approved a plan to allow the  federal aviation administration  to move $250 million from ', 'a roll call vote, the senate approved a plan to allow the federal aviation administration to move $250 million from other accounts. No new money. But controllers would be back in the towers, hopefully ending those dreaded ', "captain I've been an American  Airlines . Point five years the  airport  seven When I was a young child thing got hired an American  Airlines  of the command reports. My job right now American  Airlines  calls along a 737 and the directives coming from the  FAA  Boeing makes any changes to ", "I'm -- there -- some 37 fleet captain I've been an American Airlines . Point five years -- -- -- the airport -- seven -- When I was a young child my father was a fighter pilot in the military -- -- both the ", '-- the pilot training runs reports this thing got hired an American Airlines of the -- command reports. My job right now American Airlines calls -- along a 737 and -- the -- captain with 217 -- -- of and there are 2500 pilots on American. -- just so what my job is -- charge of the manuals. So any time there are any -- directives coming from the FAA -- Boeing makes any changes to an aircraft carrier things that we wanted to change. To make our procedures different I have ', "training. There was a woman thing. That -- -- -- -- American Airlines now captain -- Garland is trying to form the women's military pilots association because we were having issues. That I uniforms and that there -- -- maternity. -- -- any of them are finally was able pulled out all together -- 1980s -- that move was originally formed I was able to participate in. The first and on world conference and even though that was what it was an important part of the bloodline and those women that that preceded it gave -- my room. Early on in my career in American Airlines . There were a lot of men that had been flown in. Vietnam where they were all that they were the guys that were 5960. That had never -- -- it is a big deal I'm still. Maybe I'm naive but I'm still pretty stunned that it was stolen -- -- -- -- another forty years we'll be. The fact that women -- flying. Were glowing numbers only because most of the airline's major airlines are from the military women confined. -- silent when I get off the judge when people are you planning to cut open ", "question is the  Federal Aviation Administration  the government protective of the  airlines . One former  FAA  inspector will pursued by the  FAA . ABC's Lisa stark is at Reagan  airport  outside Washington Charlie the  FAA  tonight says ", "hearing tomorrow in Washington that will ask a basic question is the Federal Aviation Administration the government agency in charge of ensuring airline safety. Too close to and too protective of the airlines . One former FAA inspector will testify that some rule violations and maintenance -- -- by the airlines . Are not pursued by the FAA . ABC's Lisa stark is at Reagan airport outside Washington -- -- -- Charlie the FAA tonight says that more airlines are under investigation. For allegedly failing to follow safety directives and three of those airlines may have flown planes without required maintenance -- But it is the hey it's -- that's also under the microscope. Is the agency doing its job to make sure the airlines follow the rules. Today it was United Airlines their Boeing triple sevens grounded until the airline finishes testing it failed to do. On fire suppression systems in the cargo hold. Last week American and delta had to pull planes to re inspect wiring. All this comes after revelations that Southwest Airlines . Flew planes -- -- required safety checks and that FAA inspectors knew about it. Something that may happen all too often. Tomorrow current and former inspectors will tell lawmakers the FAA is too cozy with the airlines it regulates. That inspectors have been pressured to downplay problems -- report dropped enforcement actions. -- -- He says that happened to him when He was an FAA inspector and had concerns that some pilots were flying more hours than allowed. He went to his supervisor. I asking directly. Again what do you only to do about this investigation. And He said in no uncertain terms yes forget about it I don't want to do anything about it leave it alone. Another FAA inspector found eleven safety violations at an airline but his boss seem more concerned about the carrier. And safety. He was told by his manager that they weren't going to give them all at once because that would be. An overload. For the airline. The FAA admits its inspectors did fall down on the job in the case of southwest. But insists a spot audit found high compliance. With safety directives. The bottom line. Despite what a small few may implies that our system works and that flying is safer today. Than at any time in the past. That surely if those audit show that airlines do seem to be complying with safety directives. Critics still are asking tonight does this system work. An -- and is the FAA just too cozy with those airlines and. I'm Lisa stark at Reagan airport thanks. ", 'dreamliner, is having a nightmare run. And the  faa  will conduct a full review of its design, its systems and its manufacturing. The  faa  calling in the national press corps to week, and just overnight at a different  airport  in japan, a cracked cockpit windshield seriously to catch the attention of the ntsb,  faa  and aviation experts. United, which flies ', "It really does. Now, to the dreamliner. The faa is ordering a comprehensive review of the airliner this morning. And it's the latest in a series of stumbles for the 787. Jim avila is here with the latest. Jim, good morning. Reporter: The ballyhooed plane of the future, the dreamliner, is having a nightmare run. And the faa will conduct a full review of its design, its systems and its manufacturing. The faa calling in the national press corps to talk about a recent rash of problems onboard the dreamliner 787. Bloomberg news reporting, the ", "warning light in tokyo this week, and just overnight at a different airport in japan, a cracked cockpit windshield, the electrical hitch is seriously to catch the attention of the ntsb, faa and aviation experts. United, which flies the only six 787s OPERATING DOMESTICALLY, Says it has no plans to take its dreamliners out of service. Boeing says, it has extreme confidence in the 787. And it is 100% safe to fly. Today, the faa will say, if it agrees. Sources tell abc news that the faa is not going to ground the plane, signaling at least for now it doesn't feel the plane's problems are safety issues right ", 'inaction by congress more than 200  airport  construction projects have ground to a halt. 4000  FAA  employees and some 7000 construction born. Horrible murders forty  airport  safety inspectors are still Dollars but only benefiting here  airlines . Most of them are simply pocketing money normally collected by the  FAA . smaller  airlines  have decided ', 'able. -- one point three. Dollars but only -- benefiting here -- airlines . Most of them are simply pocketing the money normally collected by the FAA . -- smaller airlines have decided not to keep the extra cash. One of those Alaska Airlines passing the savings on to their customers has seen their bookings increased by 26%. Since this mess began. ', "announced today by the  Federal Aviation Administration . We have a number admitted that the  FAA  shares the blame of confusion and  FAA  action the agency time. Later the  FAA  rescind a battle mountains the sank.  Airlines  affected by the Throughout O'Hare  airport  DC ten flights ", "Travel back to this day in 1979. When the FAA grounded all of the nation's 137. DEC ten airliners. Here's how want. From ABC this is world news tonight good evening. Not all DC ten jetliners operating in this country. All 137. The type of plane involved in last Friday's crash in Chicago have been grounded effective immediately. The order was announced today by the Federal Aviation Administration . We have a number of reports tonight first here is builds a moment. FAA chief Langhorne bond issued the order because of problems found during the inspections he ordered yesterday. Two hours ago I learned that ", "aircraft from United  Airlines . We had a crash connected to American  Airlines  we're not sure One though the  Federal Aviation Administration  says at the moment settle down by the  FAA  and to land at nearest possible  airport . And so that ", 'have in missing aircraft are missing and unaccounted for aircraft from United Airlines . We had a crash. And near Pittsburgh here today but which we have. Only that knowledge no understanding whatsoever whether or not ', "City. We're not certain we believe both closer somehow connected to American Airlines we're not sure of that absolutely sure that news conference and Dallas a few minutes ago didn't shed much light on the subject. And we have to United Airlines flights. Involved in. Crashes. We do not know the circumstances of this crash is one of them flying from New York just ", 'saw an airplane coming directly over his head. It was an American Airlines plane He could see that number on the plane you can almost see the passengers inside. As it. Went along the highway ', "weren't going to feel the cuts for awhile but now the  Federal Aviation Administration  says the furloughs are causing lots of delays at economic activity. So you don't because case of the  FAA  trying to make it seem like a larger problem and ", "we weren't going to feel the cuts for awhile but now the Federal Aviation Administration says the furloughs are causing lots of delays at airports how bad is it. We'll bring -- Israeli anecdotally -- stories of ", 'Are following a developing story at Newark  Airport . CF AA is investigating how two planes collided on the tarmac Nashville. It was clipped by the left wing of a Scandinavian  airlines  flight on its way to Germany as both planes were taxiing just ', 'Are following a developing story at Newark Airport . CF AA is investigating how two planes collided on the tarmac was a minor collision but this is the tale of the expressjet for two to six. Operating as united express and headed to Nashville. It was clipped by the left wing of a Scandinavian airlines flight on its way to Germany as both planes were taxiing just after 8 this evening fortunately. No one was hurt all ', "asked the  federal aviation administration  for permission obeying. The  Federal Aviation Administration . At. O'Hare  airport  in Chicago American  Airlines  flight eleven On the  Federal Aviation Administration  is actually off now the  FAA  has ordered the nearest  airport . You can ", 'Newark and LaGuardia particularly have already suspended operations. The city asked the federal aviation administration for permission to close down airspace. In all of New York. Lest there be a third aircraft or some other untoward incident ', "aircraft  airlines  aircraft down the  airport 's closed after that  Federal Aviation Administration  became involved backed by the  FAA  I think you that the  airlines  the major missing United  Airlines  flight international  airport  because of ", "then have. New York city's. Its airspace all around locked down the airport's closed down that at LaGuardia Newark and John F. Kennedy nobody was allowed. And to take off and then shortly after that Federal Aviation Administration became involved -- told aircraft nowhere in the country to take off. And then all aircraft flying anywhere in the country because there was so much concern and there is still some. That there is an aircraft. Somewhere out in the country which has been unaccounted for all aircraft in the country were ordered to land immediate. -- at the nearest airport and then of course the most. The second devastating. Thing at that trade towers themselves when the second trade tower collapsed on ", "led from the  FAA . Decision To American  Airlines . And they cover the  federal aviation administration  and air travel From Dulles  airport  we're being reports from the  Federal Aviation Administration . That that ", "two aircraft. Have flown into the trade towers both belonged. To American Airlines . And they had both been hijacked. Under ninety passengers and crew on the first plane and sixty passengers and crew on the second. That is the if there's any doubt about that someone please. Contradictory but that is report I'm getting from our people who cover the federal aviation administration and air travel in general. That there were two aircraft. Hijacked for this attack. On the twin trade towers not a single ", 'want American  Airlines  aircraft when aircraft United  Airlines  which we have travel and the  FAA  response most three different  airport  locations in the United  Airlines  aircraft that international  airport  was they are whether the  Federal Aviation Administration  says that the ', 'we have now in terms of the trade are you want American Airlines aircraft when United Airlines aircraft which. Hit the two trade powers we have -- second American Airlines aircraft which goes into the Pentagon. And we have a third aircraft United Airlines which we have no idea about whether it was on a mission -- for what reason crash crashing southeast of Pittsburgh. Today ', "the Associated Press is reporting that this airliner with united -- United Airlines . Jet which crashed in Pennsylvania which is say. The American Airlines . I -- united air lines flight 93 I don't quite know exactly what aircraft it was a 767. I think. Which we "]