["nation of  Norway  where police downtown  Oslo  the  Norwegian  capital attacks and in  Oslo  tonight here's arrested but  Norwegian  media say capital of  Norway . Explosions tonight the  Norwegian  researchers buildings in  Oslo . Are protected.  Norway  is peaceful ", "within its own borders. Open relatively unsecured city. Most of buildings in Oslo . Are protected. Norway is peaceful country. It's a country where the prime minister will walk to through the streets -- isn't -- just building. To the parliament which is so 45 blocks away. That is going to change. Regardless of the origins of the attack Oslo has been left shatter their peaceful streets now is seen more fitting two's city of war zone. The media here in Norway is reporting that this individual -- of a far right group perhaps the neo Nazi He is in police custody. And they are questioning the suspect try to determine an exact motive -- Miguel Marquez and. -- tonight thanks to you when we wanna get some more gripping eyewitness testimony. Ager in -- -- who is one of the organizers of Norway's Labour Party was there. On its way up islands and joins us a view -- telephone tonight I understand that's the campers were coming to grips with news of the bombing in Oslo . You went to -- chocolates at one of the shops at the top of the island. And then Wendy how did you ", 'Anders Behring Breivik to Face Judge in Norway  for Oslo  Bombing, Youth Camp Shootings', "Out of that savage shooting in  Norway  the left so many data that youth camp the court today ABC's Miguel Marquez has an  Oslo  right now. With the latest good morning massive remote controlled bomb in central  Oslo . Possibly can. A distraction. Seven ", "Out of that savage shooting in Norway the left so many data that youth camp the man who confessed to the horrific massacre that killed 93 people. -- said He wanted to start a revolution to take this country back from Muslims and other immigrants now he's in court today ABC's Miguel Marquez has an Oslo right now. With the latest good morning again. Robin Anders bearing bright it is in court right now He has admitted killing ", 'twin attacks in  Norway . At least 84 island outside  Oslo  gunmen is a police capital city of  Oslo  such an unlikely target for terror  Norway  is a tiny tiny at 32 year old  Norwegian  man. And police island outside  Oslo  good morning Miguel of this area of  Norway . The prime minister ', "now beginning to understand the scope of the shocking twin attacks in Norway . At least 84 people were killed at that youth camp on an island outside Oslo -- gunmen -- is a police officer. Went on a horrific Rampage. He pulled out a handgun and opened fire everyone in sight. And for -- the only escape was a water take a look at this video so startling teenagers swimming for their lives. And just a couple of hours before this at least two blasts tore through buildings. In the capital city of Oslo such an unlikely target for terror Norway is a tiny tiny country that place where they hand out the Nobel Peace Prize. This morning we now know who is behind the attacks at 32 year old Norwegian man. And police say this is a case of domestic terrorism with no link to Islamic terrorist. Deadliest attack on that country since World War II. And let's get right over ABC's Miguel Marquez who has the very latest from -- -- island outside Oslo good morning Miguel. Good morning beyond what you're looking at the island where this tragedy took place it's a sharp contradiction to the beauty of this area of Norway . The prime minister of the country now calling this. A national tragedy. The gunmen dressed as a policeman arrive on Victoria island ", "The shooting started about two hours after a massive bomb shattered downtown Oslo the prime minister's office was targeted at least seven people were killed there. Police have identified the shooter as a 32 year old Norwegian in Christian fundamentalist state television has identified him as -- bearing brave it on line He expressed right wing and anti Muslim ", "this letting them because. Had just been a bomb attack in  Oslo  with forum village of people on the about. you're just and prayers go out to you and your friends and everyone. In  Norway  thank you for trying to very much for your.", 'and prayers go out to you and your friends and everyone. In Norway thank you for trying to -- very much for your. ', 'Breaking news out of  Oslo Norway  two explosions and Or truck bomb  Norway  has been on height threats against  Norwegian  officials. Last year there were three  Norwegians  arrested. The fight of a bomb squad.  Norway  also has troops point last year a  Norwegian  Paper reprinted ', 'the likelihood that this was a very large car. Or truck bomb Norway has been on height. And sense of security alerts page Iraqi born cleric was charged their last week from making. Death threats against Norwegian officials. Last year there were three Norwegians arrested. The fight to al-Qaeda. That were arrested for for making bombs and being part of a bomb squad. Norway also has troops in Afghanistan and felt that they support the operation in live view of both of those lightning rods and perhaps even more. To the point last year a Norwegian Paper reprinted those Danish cartoons -- positive firestorm. ', "argue about her good going to have power you by the way let's just check in with humans human right bye week. We will we  Norway  but is the wedding coming and it is it day seven. Days build it up pirate ship yeah but does Davis know it is building ", 'just check in with humans human right bye week. We will we Norway but is the wedding coming -- and it is it -- -- -- day seven. Days -- build it up pirate ship ', 'Norway  was hit by two deadly attacks today that authorities say are related a government the White House President Obama expressed his condolences to the people of  Norway  goods orders for these fires. Intelligence. In terms of. Shortly after ', 'Norway was hit by two deadly attacks today that authorities say are related a government building with a prime minister says was hit by a car -- seven people died in that attack. At the White House President Obama expressed his condolences to the people of Norway goods orders for these fires. -- Intelligence. In terms of. Shortly after that bombing at the government offices a gun and opened ', 'That horrific terror attack in such an unusual place there rather sleepy little European country of  Norway . This morning the death toll has gone up significantly we now know that the gunman killed literally scores of young people. At ', 'in such an unusual place there rather sleepy little European country of Norway . This morning the death toll has gone up significantly we now know that the gunman killed literally scores of young people. At ', "no. Missiles shooting mayor we don't have information yet. Want to personally extend. My condolences to the people  Norway . It's a reminder that the entire national news you have to stay. In preventing. This kind of terror group from occurring ", "have information yet. Want to personally extend. My condolences to the people Norway . It's a reminder that the entire national news you have to stay. In preventing. This kind of terror group from occurring and ", "Picture emerging tonight from  Norway  after those two horrific terror attacks first in downtown  Oslo  then at a youth camp. The death ABC's Miguel Marquez is in  Oslo  and this off again tonight Miguel summation. Memorial in downtown  Oslo  the horrors of what transpired ", "24 hours later and almost incomprehensible. Picture emerging tonight from Norway after those two horrific terror attacks first in downtown Oslo then at a youth camp. The death toll has now risen to 92 so many of the victims children. That number is expected decline in this evening reading the first full picture of the -- authorities pieced together what happened. The killers meticulous planning and that plan as it unfolded how He -- campers into trusting him. ABC's Miguel Marquez is in Oslo and -- this off again tonight Miguel. David there's -- -- -- this tragedy insisting again you're learning more about how -- ", "In  Norway  the right wing fanatic who admits to killing 77 people last summer says. He's not guilty under Breivik appeared in  Oslo  court this morning first giving a fist salute and then rejecting the authority of the Breivik acknowledged setting ", "In Norway the right wing fanatic who admits to killing 77 people last summer says. He's not guilty under Breivik appeared in Oslo court this morning first giving a fist salute and then rejecting the authority of the -- Breivik acknowledged setting off a bomb ", 'turn next to the killer in  Norway  76 now dead the white extremists Marquez reports tonight from  Oslo . Christopher or was working Tonight is joining with fellow  Norwegian  news pouring out their ports Will and it. Miguel ABC news  Oslo .', 'shares -- suspicion of Islam. Tonight -- -- is joining with fellow Norwegian news pouring out their ports onto city streets a massive vigil and a powerful message. Hate may have triggered this tragedy. But love and hope. Will and it. Miguel -- ABC news Oslo . ', "rabbit appears to be insane graphic confessed to Friday's  Oslo  bombing and island massacre that left 76 people dead ABC's beg for mercy. The horrors of these attacks bringing  Norway  together. For Good Morning America Miguel ABC news  Oslo .", 'one appears to beg for mercy. The horrors of these attacks bringing Norway together. For Good Morning America Miguel -- ABC news Oslo . ', "China and you are going out to and you don't want on the subway to talk to you. You hairy legs in the stockings and in  Norway  apparently fearing an. very well but OK I. how to bear I don't know that I want our kids shattered parents rock out ", "to you. You -- hairy legs in the -- stockings and in Norway apparently fearing an. -- very well but OK I. -- how to bear I don't know that I want our kids shattered ", 'trainer, aaron sterling, on-hand to help me through another potentially humiliating fitness challenge. Scientists in  norway  say four minutes is all you need to get in shape. One worked out four minutes, three times a week, at 90% heart capacity ', 'on-hand to help me through another potentially humiliating fitness challenge. Scientists in norway say four minutes is all you need to get in shape. One worked out four minutes, three times a week, at 90% ', 'giant spiral of light that suddenly appeared over northern  Norway . The winding image could be seen for hundreds of miles invaders to a new phenomenon. Alex reports from Moscow.  Norwegians  were treated to a spectacular. Light show early Wednesday ', 'their hands big giant spiral of light that suddenly appeared over northern Norway . The winding image could be seen for hundreds of miles fueling speculation that it was anything from alien invaders to a new phenomenon. Alex -- reports from Moscow. Norwegians were treated to a spectacular. Light show early Wednesday morning that immediately set tongues wagging. Everyone asking what traded that giant blue ', "saw even if in all the speed in the on one's seen him on the Korean you don't always on the next season Aldridge tell in  Norwegian . Tell me tell me the funniest thing anybody's said to you so far about Japan on this thing is probably still on the books ", "you don't always on the next season Aldridge -- tell -- in Norwegian . Tell me tell me the funniest thing anybody's said to you so far about Japan on this thing is probably still on ", 'President Obama answers questions during a press conference in  Oslo ,  Norway .', "thought was because of  Norway 's involvement in Afghanistan turns out to be alone  Norwegian  who has been arrested talking to police a kind of  Norway  version of Timothy McVeigh steps the perhaps the  Norwegians  and others have not take ", "about the man behind. This whatever the first thought was because of Norway's involvement in Afghanistan with -- NATO in Libya that perhaps this was al-Qaeda or Al Olivia no reaction. But in fact it turns out to be alone Norwegian who has been arrested. Believed to be involved in both the bombing and the shooting. Said to be in his thirties and military veteran who has grievances with the government. And is now talking to police a kind of Norway version of Timothy McVeigh. The American military -- who blew up the federal building in Oklahoma City at night and so lone "]