['Consumer Reports automotive testing, said in a statement. "We\'ve seen a number of redesigned American models - including the  Chrysler  300, Ford Escape and Fusion and Jeep Grand Cherokee - deliver world-class performance in our tests." The nonprofit testing ', "bailed out in 2008 and 2009, the government said it was necessary to stop the industrial Midwest economy from collapsing.  Chrysler  was bailed out for $12.5 billion at the same time. Taxpayers wound up losing $2.9 billion on that bailout, Romero's ", "bailed out in 2008 and 2009, the government said it was necessary to stop the industrial Midwest economy from collapsing.  Chrysler  was bailed out for $12.5 billion at the same time. Taxpayers wound up losing $2.9 billion on that bailout, Romero's ", "two of Detroit's biggest businesses, General Motors and  Chrysler . Today, however, there seems little appetite from either government threw a financial lifeline to both General Motors and  Chrysler  (the Ford Motor Company didn't request the aid) and acted ", 'bridge, and I felt like I was going to be ok if I could stop on the bridge." But she couldn\'t, and her red 2007  Chrysler Sebring  plummeted 40 feet and hit the water like concrete. "My eyes were closed, and my mouth filled up with water ', 'hoping that this will be a new start. Detroiters are a very, very resilient people. And we have a, you know, when we had  Chrysler  and General Motors that the federal government helped in their bankruptcy, they came back and they are doing well. Detroit ', "two of Detroit's biggest businesses, General Motors and  Chrysler . Today, however, there seems little appetite from either government threw a financial lifeline to both General Motors and  Chrysler  (the Ford Motor Company didn't request the aid) and acted ", 'automakers mortgaged all they owned or went into bankruptcy court to keep from going broke. Since then, General Motors,  Chrysler  and Ford have all returned to full financial health, unlike Detroit itself, which filed for bankruptcy Thursday after years ', 'Prosperity: The Teens to the Fifties Detroit was a booming town in the first part of the 20th century. Car-makers like  Chrysler  and Dodge had plants in the city, and the manufacturing industry drove a city that people wanted to live and work in. The ', "invasion began cutting into Detroit's sales, General Motors,  Chrysler , Ford and hundreds of auto parts companies looked outside industry melted down in 2009, only a few factories from GM and  Chrysler  were left. GM is the only one with headquarters in Detroit ", 'reinvent itself without the burden of impossible obligations." A turnaround specialist, Orr represented automaker  Chrysler LLC  during its successful restructuring. He issued a warning early on in his 18-month tenure in Detroit that bankruptcy ', "percent to $73 million. The company's Domestic segment income rose 22 percent to $66 million as Ford, General Motors and  Chrysler  all reported sales gains for the quarter. Jackson said consumers may not like gas prices around $3.55 per gallon, but ", 'stark shows us how she did it. Reporter: It was around 8:00 at night, 22-year-old morgan lake at the wheel of her  chrysler  sedan on the chesapeake bay bridge. I saw my car explode with glass flying everywhere and airbags coming at me full force ', 'around 8:00 at night, 22-year-old morgan lake at the wheel of her chrysler sedan on the chesapeake bay bridge. I saw my car explode with glass flying everywhere and airbags coming at me full force. ', "bridge and I felt like i was going to be okay if I could stop on the bridge. Reporter: But she couldn't and her red 2007  chrysler  plummeted 40 feet and hit the water like concrete. My eyes were closed. My mouth filled up with water really fast. I got ", "stop on the bridge. Reporter: But she couldn't and her red 2007 chrysler plummeted 40 feet and hit the water like concrete. My eyes were closed. My mouth filled up with water really fast. I ", "detroit? I'm hoping this will be a new start. Detroiters are a very resilient people. And we have a, you know, we had  chrysler  and general motors that the federal government helped in their bankruptcy, they came back and they are doing well. Detroit ", 'a very resilient people. And we have a, you know, we had chrysler and general motors that the federal government helped in their bankruptcy, they came back and they are doing well. Detroit is an ', 'this will be a new start the orders are you were very very resilient. People. And we have a variety you know when we hit  Chrysler  and General Motors that. That the federal government helped and there. Bankruptcy. They came back and they are doing well ', 'resilient. People. And we have a variety you know when we hit Chrysler and General Motors that. That the federal government helped and there. Bankruptcy. They came back and they are doing well Detroit has ', "bag? Just my laptop. What kind of car is this? Tell me what kind of car it is. Huh? It's your car? Yeah. It's a  chrysler . I'm going to ask you step out and you're going to step out with me. Show me your hands. My hands are up. My hands ", "kind of car it is. Huh? It's your car? Yeah. It's a chrysler . I'm going to ask you step out and you're going to step out with me. Show me your hands. My hands are ", "News about gigantic jeep recall from earlier this month.  Chrysler  initially defied the government refusing to recall more than customers it will conduct a voluntary campaign. The fix,  chrysler  won't add any she willing to the tank. Instead it will install ", "of the obama's. News about gigantic jeep recall from earlier this month. Chrysler initially defied the government refusing to recall more than 1 million models despite claims that 51 people died from fires after the ", "concerns for its customers it will conduct a voluntary campaign. The fix, chrysler won't add any she willing to the tank. Instead it will install a trailer hitch on a 1993 to 1998 cherokee and ", "morning, robin. Well, this morning  chrysler  is refusing to recall those vehicles vehicle. It's a recall that could cost  chrysler  hundreds of millions of dollars. At spilling from the grand cheer question,  chrysler  claims the tests were too severe. But ", "the latest. Good morning, lisa. Reporter: Good morning, robin. Well, this morning chrysler is refusing to recall those vehicles. Nearly 3 million of them to add extra protection around the fuel tank which sits near the rear of the vehicle. It's a recall that could cost chrysler hundreds of millions of dollars. At least 51 people have died in fiery crashes involving the older model jeeps according to the ", 'students show the danger, simulated fuel spilling from the grand cheer question, chrysler claims the tests were too severe. But the government points to accidents like this one on a virginia highway last october when ', "roared. It all happened in probably 20, 25 seconds. Reporter: This morning chrysler insists that the vehicles are safe and are not defective and no recall is necessary. The bottom line is dollars. This recall will cost chrysler $300 million but that's a small price to pay to save the lives of kids dying in fire crashes in jeeps. Reporter: Now, chrysler is also insisting this morning that the government's analysis which has been going on for nearly three years is incomplete and it says that it -- it says the cars are safe and they meet all government standards. If chrysler refuses to budge, well, then the government may have to sue to force this recall. "]