["hours. In richmond, virginia, a  bomb threat  shuts down the city's airport campus remains evacuated after a  bomb threat . Reporter: Students and teachers a plane was forced to make an  emergency landing  in phoenix overnight monday ", "lives of thousands over the last 48 hours. In richmond, virginia, a bomb threat shuts down the city's airport for 3 1/2 hours tuesday. The threat came in by phone. The caller claiming to be with the taliban. A security guard came by and looked at me and said, ma'am, you need to put down the coffee and leave the building. Reporter: Around the same time at princeton university in new jersey. Developing news out of princeton. The campus remains evacuated after a bomb threat . Reporter: Students and teachers were evacuated after separate bomb threats against multiple buildings on campus, splacing thousands. Something's going on. It must be something showing up that they're shutting everything down. Reporter: And in atlanta, two other bomb threats led to massive evacuations. Tuesday's threats came after a plane was forced to make an emergency landing in phoenix overnight monday. F-16 fighter jets escorting the flight from l.A., After someone called in a threat. As in richmond, the ", 'sitting on the plane and the flight crew told us that there was a note that was found in the bathroom with a pen that was  bomb threat . And to be sitting on plane for four hours thinking that at any given time that whole plane could blow up. Well this morning ', 'note that was found in the bathroom with a pen that was bomb threat . And to be sitting on -- plane for four hours thinking that at any given time that whole plane could blow up. ', 'The terrifying  emergency landing  by a Jumbo this with smoke. As the  pilot  radioed that the your heavy. the  airplane  is just trying to the year. This  pilot  able to return safely another example the  pilot  was cool skill ', "most. Risky part of the whole flight because your heavy. -- the airplane is just trying to get away from the ground and if you've also lose one engine -- -- lost half the thrust half the ability of the aircraft to get into the year. This pilot able to return safely to the airport. But of course today's incident is a chilling reminder of what happened -- captain Sullenberger had to fly his US air jet into the Hudson River. Today another example the pilot was cool -- skill. Of course this pilot had a couple of things going for him first of all he was close enough to return. Right to JFK didn't have ", 'about that white knuckle  emergency landing  at Kennedy Airport captured us how the skill of the  pilot  made all the difference Diane before we get to that  pilot  let me tell you something Conroy junior a former navy  pilot . And first officer Larkin ', 'Talking about that white knuckle emergency landing at Kennedy Airport captured on video this weekend 64 people on board. And Lisa stark tells us how the skill of the pilot made all the difference Lisa. Well Diane before we get to that pilot let me tell you something we just learned about this aircraft. This model of plane that Canada regional jet has had previous ', "right wheels remained stubbornly up captain Jack Conroy junior a former navy pilot . And first officer Larkin new -- commonly called controllers for help. Our preference to beat new perceive over Q I JFK and executing our -- -- Atlantic over the air. Great -- and -- here was a danger a mistake in the plane could escape out of control also run away from the worst catch fire. At about 135 miles an hour the pilot touched down on the only landing gear he had using wing flaps to keep the right -- up slightly. Then as the plane slowed down he gently lowered that -- to the ground applying brakes until controls to stay on course. Sparks were flying as the wing scraped the runway. But it was a landing straight out of the pilot's handbook. -- just good training good execution good procedures. Relief for the passengers but the question for a federal investigators did this ", "take off on one engine. Listen as the  pilot  the Air Canada 777. Declares an emergency and flames coming from the plane and the  pilot  turns back to the airport thousands of something breaks it's gonna come off the  airplane  engine manufacturers. Have gone to great ", "to come out somewhere if something breaks it's gonna come off the airplane -- engine manufacturers. Have gone to great likes to ensure that if an engine does fail that parts of that engine don't ", 'seeing and hearing that man as he throws a tantrum on the  airplane . It was on the last leg of a very long flight and passengers in the bathroom of an egypt air flight. That made an  emergency landing  in scotland. No bomb was found on either plane. And ', "seeing and hearing that man as he throws a tantrum on the airplane . It was on the last leg of a very long flight and passengers weren't taking any chances. This is the man federal ", "Now to that  emergency landing  here in New York the co  pilot . A delta flight from North the cockpit door. But the co  pilot  wasn't buying it he radioed taking any chances ordered an  emergency landing . Oh yeah. And a few minutes ", "Now to that emergency landing here in New York the co pilot . A delta flight from North Carolina radio the tower just before landing last night -- about what appear to be a frightening message to captain. Was missing someone was trying to gain access to the cockpit ABC's Lisa stark reports on the tense moments before landing it was all caught on tape good morning -- Good morning Robin wasn't such terrorist attack in the making that's what concerned the pilot in the hair and controllers on the ground. What was -- seemingly routine flight from Asheville, North Carolina to New York City turned into anything but a routine landing. Just the plane was approaching New York's LaGuardia Airport. The co pilot of delta flight 6132. Operated by regional carrier she -- -- airlines he realized the captain was nowhere to be found he radioed air traffic control. Seconds earlier a man with a thick accent had tried to gain access to the cockpit. To tell -- co pilot the captain wasn't going to make that landing. Another radio contact. And now someone with a big -- That back then -- got that -- right now I -- deal with the situation. Turns out it was a false alarm the captain was trapped in the bathroom by a faulty door latch and had given the passenger with a heavy accent. The security code for the cockpit door. But the co pilot wasn't buying it he radioed again. It's. Yeah. Controllers on the ground not taking any chances ordered an emergency landing . Oh yeah. And -- a few minutes later the pilot radioed in saying that situation had been resolved. But have no doubt this was a real scare sources tell ABC news that fighter jets were nearly dispatched. After the co pilot voiced those concerns. ", "We're going to turn to the  emergency landing  for a british airways jumbo plane banked around, the  pilot  quickly made an  emergency landing  flying low over london rooftops watching coverage of his own  emergency landing . I've been in close calls ", "had blown off the left engine. Reporter: The plane banked around, the pilot quickly made an emergency landing flying low over london rooftops, the passengers evacuateded and police and firefighters rushed to the plane. Ton seriously injured. The plane had to be towed away. The left engine still exposed and just minutes ago david gallagher tweeted one last photo watching coverage of his own emergency landing . I've been in close calls before but nothing like this. Reporter: And this left behind an absolute travel mess. B.A. Told us ", 'morning america." Another flight was forced to make an  emergency landing  last night. And abc\'s jim avila has been tracking Reporter: Another american flight forced to make an  emergency landing  after an apparent mid-flight maintenance issue ', 'you on "good morning america." Another flight was forced to make an emergency landing last night. And abc\'s jim avila has been tracking all of the developments. Jim, good morning. Reporter: Good morning, elizabeth. American pilots could be at the bargaining table as early as today. Bringing to an end, the problems for the airline. This morning, the embattled american airlines under the microscope again. I have a gear unsafe flight. Reporter: Another american flight forced to make an emergency landing after an apparent mid-flight maintenance issue. Flight 1862, travelling from dallas to st. Louis tuesday, turned around after the landing gear appears ', "boeing dreamliner. The plane launched with so much promise, having trouble getting off the ground. One was forced to land in seattle. And that's where david kerley has the details. Good morning, david. Reporter: Good morning, george. Just a week ago, a little more than that, united finally started", 'breaking news, the  bomb threat  on a plane flying forced to make an  emergency landing  in iceland overnight morning, josh. The  bomb threat  was made to a law airbus 330. So, the  pilot  made an  emergency landing  in iceland. It must ', "that breaking news, the bomb threat on a plane flying from new york to moscow. 253 passengers onboard, forced to make an emergency landing in iceland overnight. Abc's nick schifrin is in london, now, with the very latest. Good morning to you, nick. Reporter: Good morning, josh. The bomb threat was made to a law enforcement agency in new york just a few hours ago. That there were five suitcases on the airbus 330. So, the pilot made an emergency landing in iceland. It must have been a terrifying moment for the passengers. They looked out their windows and saw special forces soldiers ", 'candidate. Her plane making an  emergency landing . This was the scene at denver towards the emergency exit, as the  pilot  declared an emergency on the radio tweeted that the cause of the  emergency landing  was apparently an electrical fire ', 'Reporter: The crew moved the passengers towards the emergency exit, as the pilot declared an emergency on the radio. The plane was heading from omaha, nebraska, to santa monica, california, when it turned around, as ', 'The very dramatic moment in Texas a young  pilot  barely out of training. It was forced to make a split second decision. When her not lost power in mid air 22 year old Sarah rob ', 'The very dramatic moment in Texas a young pilot barely out of training. It was forced to make a split second decision. When her -- not lost power in mid air ', 'Pilot  declares emergency after smoke filled the cabin, apparently caused by an electrical fire.', "flight causing an  emergency landing  late Thursday morning Robin an  emergency landing  engine out nearly of a cool calm  pilot . the bad rap course to make an  emergency landing  at New York's thinking by the  pilot  to turn around ", "the giant engine of a Delta Airlines cross country flight causing an emergency landing late Thursday afternoon ABC's Jim -- -- what this dramatic story. Good morning Robin an emergency landing engine out nearly 200 lives in the hands of a cool calm -- -- -- pilot . -- the bad rap airline crews have been getting lately outburst by a captain and flight attendants this morning something for the ", "even lift off on one engine. It takes quick thinking by the pilot to turn around what could have been a tragic. -- -- really didn't exact thing that they need to do they're very professional way. The pilot's words of the comptroller upon landing simply everything's fine we're good every -- call. Thoughts -- voice throughout at all and just ", "plane fills with smoke the  pilot  calls the control tower and The smoke in the cockpit the  pilot  requests an  emergency landing  but there's confusion in As the plane headed for an  emergency landing  experts say seconds counted ", "A passenger plane fills with smoke the pilot calls the control tower and ask for help but the air traffic controller dismisses the call calling it quote CBS. ABC's mark ", "-- particular pick tactical -- -- The smoke in the cockpit the pilot requests an emergency landing but there's confusion in the control tower and had a it. But the control tower -- here's the planes -- numbers -- -- what you delusion and not knowing what united twelve is a controller decides on his own it's all a hoax. Did you hear that. Yeah I know that's -- -- -- because the united twelve movies you know the united probably anywhere. As the plane headed for an emergency landing experts say seconds counted fire crews needed to be dispatched and ready to act. Act I think it's very troubling and air ", "tower. Now both the FAA and our aviation experts say that the pilot himself did make a mistake here. Initially identifying himself only as 5912. We should've said he was United Airlines 5912 declaring an emergency. But -- -- -- with smoke in his cockpit during a snowy landing and pilot surely may have been focused on simply trying to avoid a crack. ", "perfect situation. You're to the  pilot  of jetBlue flight 194. On its way losing two hydraulic systems the  pilot  says he's to circle and burn fuel us calm and informed through the  emergency landing . Airbus insists the plane has enough ", "story. -- -- over not a perfect situation. You're -- to the pilot of jetBlue flight 194. On its way from Las Vegas to New York. -- passengers say was filled with terrifying steep turns ", "-- 100 -- -- In addition to losing two hydraulic systems the pilot says he's to circle and burn fuel before returning to Vegas. One flight attendant walked the aisles saying look at me I'm ", 'engine. I ran to the window. Looked outside. Saw the  airplane  and saw fire coming out. The boeing 757 was headed newa are, k over and over. Finally the plane made an  emergency landing . This is one of those emergencies that pilots train ', "the left engine. I ran to the window. Looked outside. Saw the airplane and saw fire coming out. The boeing 757 was headed to berlin but immediately turned around back for newark. In this cell phone video, you can see the plane circling. This is be kwiept disturbing if you're sitting in the cabinet and not going on. It's shooting what looks like fire balls out of the front of the engine. Reporter: The plane circled burning off fuel. The plane looped around newa are, k over and over. Finally the plane made an emergency landing . This is one of those emergencies that pilots train for all the time. This crew did a terrific job handling this emergency ", 'Near Hawaii after a  pilot  fish to small plane. After running out of fuel and stay right there the  pilot  called the Coast Guard for help about 500 miles outs and then pull off a perfect landing just thirteen miles short of white. Climbed on the ', 'Near Hawaii after a pilot fish to small plane. After running out of fuel and stay right there the pilot called the Coast Guard for help about 500 miles outs and then pull off a perfect landing just thirteen miles short of ']