['Karen Fralich of Ontario, Canada, tends to her 1st place sculpture in the singles division at the 2013 World Championship of Sand Sculpting in Atlantic City, New Jersey. It\'s titled, "Amazon\'s Pet." Click through the gallery for more amazing sand sculptures.', '"The Charge of the Achilles" took the doubles division 1st place award. Its sculptors were Brian Turnbough of Illinois and Joo Heng Tan of Singapore.', 'The 2013 Master Sand Sculpting Competition in Hampton Beach, New Hampshire, crowned Carl Jara from Lyndhurst, Ohio, with 1st place for his sculpture "Infinity." The sculpture depicts a man holding smaller versions of himself in his hand.', 'Judges awarded 5th place to Justin Gordon of Groveland, Massachusetts, for "Legislated Liberty," depicting a bald eagle chained to a gavel.', 'This sculpture by Greg Grady, Jr. titled "To the Moon," took the Sculptor\'s Choice Award.', 'Marjon Katerberg poses with "Eagle Dance," at the International Sand Sculpture Festival.', 'Another highlight of the Danish event was "The Trans-Atlantic Train," by Kimmo Frosti, of Finland; Uldis Zarins, of Latvia; Jeroen Van de Vlag, of the Netherlands; and Liga Zarins, of Latvia.', 'The International Sand Sculpture Festival in Rohrschach, Switzerland, offers carvers a chance to create their art in a park along picturesque lake Bodensee with the Swiss Alps not far away.', 'Materials for sculptures are limited to nothing more than sand and water. No molds or power tools allowed.', "When it's all over, the sculptures are left to the forces of nature. Depending on the weather, they can remain intact for weeks. ", 'Jino Van Bruisessen\'s sand sculpture -- titled "Two Pots" -- won 1st place at the Hawkesbury International Sand Sculpting Championships, in Howe Park, Windsor, NSW, Australia this past January. ', "The National Sand Sculpting Festival, Revere Beach in Revere, Massachusetts, is now in its 10th year. Festivities culminate with a big finish in the form of a fireworks display. And there's easy access from Boston by public transportation.", 'Each weekend before Thanksgiving, Treasure Island, Florida, hosts its Sanding Ovations Masters Cup Sand Sculpting Competition. In 2012, "Release," by Suzanne Ruseler of North Holland, Netherlands, won 3rd place.', 'The contest\'s 1st place entry was "Rainforest Clearance Company," by Jonathan Bouchard of Montreal, Quebec.', 'At the Summer Signs Annual Sand Sculpture Festival, in Jelgava, Latvia, this sculpture by Sue McGrew titled, "Contortion," was featured in 2011. The festival centered around a circus theme that year.', 'The 2011 Latvian event also included a sand box where children could develop their skills as possible future sculptors.', 'Looking for the perfect sculpting event in November? The Crystal Classic Master Sand Sculpting Competition at Siesta Key Beach in Sarasota, Florida, boasts clean, white-sugar beaches and beautiful warm weather. ', 'Expect crowds -- about 70,000 people attend over four days. Part of the proceeds supports sea turtle conservation projects at Mote Marine Laboratory.', 'Events at Siesta Key Beach include amateur competitions for kids and parents as well as head-to-head speed-carving events.', "Sand sculpture events are serious business; this ain't your childhood sand castle building ", 'It starts when a "carver" is presented with a 10-ton pyramid of sand to work with', 'Many events are not held at beaches, rather under tents or in parks and open spaces', 'Event venues include Florida and California, surprising places like Latvia and Denmark', "(CNN) -- Your days at the beach with a bucket and shovel making castles in the sand were child's play compared to what you'll see at sand sculpting events.", 'On Day One of a contest, a solo sculptor or "carver" is presented with a 10-ton pyramid of sand (two-person teams in doubles competition work with 20 to 25 tons).', 'Then, through a rigorous process of shoveling, packing, stacking and carving, a sculpture takes shape.', 'Spectators can watch it all -- from the first day "pound up" in which the sand is compressed, to the hours of carving with manual tools such as trowels, butter knives, tablespoons and drinking straws, plus some that the sculptors devise for themselves. (Dutch sculptor Wilfred Stijger\'s patented Willysphere -- inspired by the base of a wine glass -- makes perfect sand spheres.)', '"The first question anyone asks us is what happens when it rains, but wind and sun are worse than rain when you\'re sculpting sand," says Rusty Croft, who with Kirk Rademaker is co-owner of Sand Guys International and co-hosted the Travel Channel series "Sand Masters." "We wet down the sculptures as we work. The surface tension of the water holds the sand together."', 'Finished sculptures may be sprayed with a solution of water and school glue to preserve them for long-term viewing.', 'Nevertheless, many sand sculpture events are held under tents or temporary shelters safe from the elements, and quite a few take place off the beach in parks and open spaces where sand is brought in especially for the event.', '"The sand is always different," Croft notes. "Sand dug out of the ground has sharp edges that lock together. Beach sand is rounded because it\'s been washed by the waves. You have to listen to the sand. It tells you what to build. Sand sculpture is a brilliant mix between engineering and artwork."', 'Beach sand retains "that \'sand castle\' essence," says expert Rusty Croft. This beauty graced the American Sand Sculpting Championships in Fort Myers Beach, Florida.', "Here are some of the masters' top picks for sand sculpting events around the globe. No bucket required.", 'Sand sculpture is a brilliant mix between engineering and artwork.Rusty Croft, Sand Guys International', '"There\'s a wonderful festival atmosphere here and the sand is definitely some of the best stuff out there -- you can make crazy vertical sculptures," says Sue McGrew, a Tacoma-based professional sand sculptor and a member of the "Sand Masters" team. "They finish the event off with a bang ... fireworks. And there\'s easy access from Boston by public transportation."', '"You\'re sculpting in a park on the Bodensee and you have the Alps behind you; the whole event has a great elegant feel," says Kirk Rademaker, who will pair with Wilfred Stijgers of the Netherlands in this year\'s doubles competition. With a full week to complete their pieces, the doubles carvers create spectacular things.', "On the water, but not on the beach, this four-day competition takes place on the B Street cruise ship terminal pier in downtown San Diego. Croft calls it one of the more progressive events on the sand sculpting calendar, giving carvers four days to work. There's also a head-to-head team competition and a chance for visitors to vote for this year's People's Choice sand sculpture.", 'A significant cash prize for the winners ensures that the field of competitors is top-notch. Carvers love this event and so do spectators. Look for lots of international representation here, including Fergus Mulvany from Ireland, Benjamin Probanza from Mexico, Edith Van Wetering of the Netherlands, and Canadian master carvers Guy-Olivier Deveau, David Ducharme, Karen Fralich and Abe Waterman.', 'Croft and Rademaker are consulting on and participating in this event, which will be held for the first time this year.', "Each June, a team of international artists is invited to work together on an enormous sculpture of sand in this beach area of western Denmark. Done by 38 sculptors, this year's carving is complete; the sculpture will remain intact and on view until October 27.", 'Crystal Classic Master Sand Sculpting Competition, Siesta Key Beach, Sarasota, Florida', 'Jino Van Bruisessen\'s sand sculpture -- titled "Two Pots" -- won 1st place at Australia\'s Hawkesbury event this past January.', 'Sanding Ovations Master Cup Sand Sculpting Competition, Treasure Island, Florida', "Now in its fifth year, this event takes place beside the Bilmar Beach Resort on Florida's Gulf Coast. The competition is serious, but the atmosphere is laid-back, unpretentious and beachy.", 'Hawkesbury International Sand Sculpting Championship, Howe Park, Windsor, NSW, Australia', 'Now in its third year, this competition is held in a park about an hour\'s drive from Sydney. Solo and team carvers work from December 26 to January 3 and the sculptures remain for People\'s Choice voting until January 26. (Summer in Australia, remember!) "The event is in a great location on the Hawkesbury River with sculptures nestled in between trees and park benches," McGrew says.', '"My favorite competition abroad," McGrew says. "In a beautiful park, a dozen or so international sculptors come together for a five-day event with practically no time limit. ... You can practically work \'til you drop, if you were so inclined."', 'This year\'s competition also just ended and dates haven\'t been posted for next year yet. Retired Atlantic City fireman and master sand sculptor John Gowdy helped bring this event to what is arguably sand sculpting\'s U.S. birthplace, where sand sculptors entertained crowds with art on the Boardwalk from the late 19th century until the 1940s. Look for Gowdy and fan favorite "Amazin Walter" McDonald from South Padre Island, Texas, among the competitors.', "It's about making an entrance. Dramatic entries are a given with air travel, and airports should convey a sense of welcome and arrival.", 'Get ready to shred your vocal cords. Or just clench your jaw and hang on in terrified silence.', "We've come to expect fees for hotel WiFi and parking, but as lodging fees pile up, there are some that may come as a surprise.", "In the 1950s and '60s, the ocean liner SS United States was the choice of movie stars, famous musicians and kings. ", "The worn-down, travel-weary businessperson is looking for proximity, convenience and comfort in an airport hotel. There's little time to waste.", "You heard of the two guys who recently opted in to a two-year, $1.5 million holiday? These are some of the sights they'll be privy to.", "Gross is everywhere. It's in the food we eat, it's in nature, and of course, we ourselves might be the greatest source of grossness. ", "When five teenagers sat down and posed for a picture at Copco Lake in 1982, they didn't plan on making it a tradition. But that's what it became. "]