Long Island Flooding: Islip, New York Swamped By Over 13 Inches of Rain - weather.com ALERT: Roads Collapsing, Lives Threatened in Mexico  Share FB ShareShare TweetTweet Forecasts Today s Forecast National Forecast Severe Weather Alerts Safety & Preparedness Hurricane Central Tornado Central Commuter Forecast Severe Weather Forecast  The Latest Tropical Threats  Tennis Tournament Forecast: Flushing, N.Y.  Your Weekly Planner  Maps Weather In Motion Severe Alerts Current Temps Classic Maps US Satellite World Satellite Driving Hazards Current Snowcover  Check Traffic On Your Route  Pollencast  Current Weather & Temperatures  Video All Video Most Popular Weather Films Uncharted Crazimals  Hurricanes Fan Videos Upload a Video Watch: Massive Supercell Strikes Iowa  Shark Takes on THIS and Loses!  Incredible Mystery Finally Solved  Wow! These See-Through Frogs are REAL  Photos All Photos Fan Photos Upload Your Photos Share Your Road Trip Photos 10 Incredible City Parks  A MUST for the Bucket List  12 Amazing Places to Dive  Upload Your Road Trip Photos  News All News Travel Health Science Environment Tornado Central Hurricane Central Prehistoric Art Uncovered  Russian Space Geckos Die  Volcano Spews Lava  Labor Day Tornadoes Hit Michigan, Kansas  TV All TV Personalities Experts Shows Livestream "Hurricane 360" Mondays 9/8c  It All Begins with Weather, Weekdays 7/6c!  "So You Think You d Survive?," Sundays 9/8c  "Fat Guys in the Woods," Sundays 10/9c  Hurricanes All Hurricanes Hurricane Central Dolly Iselle Julio Karina Cristobal Florida s Luck Will Eventually Run Out  Tropical Update  Why Name Hurricanes?  Tropics 101: Terms You Need to Know  Sign In Alerts My Profile Manage Locations Manage Alerts Edit Profile Sign Out  Photos  Desktop App International Sites Manage Alerts Manage All Locations Measurements b0F b0C Long Island Flooding: Islip, New York Swamped By Over 13 Inches of Rain  By Jon Erdman Published: Aug 14, 2014, 7:58 AM EDT weather.com Share Tweet Reddit Pinterest     Severe Weather in the Upper Midwest Possible Hurricane in the Pacific Hot Time at Dragon Con Mother Nature at Her Best, and Worst Papua New Guinea Volcano Erupts The Lost Hurricane  Whale Watching in the Big Apple Mammoth Skeleton Discovery Ever Pee in the Sea?  Terrible News for Bottled Water Drinkers Still The Season for Tornadoes WATCH: Shocking Photobomb Flight So Insane, Borderline Suicidal Cali Earthquake Brings Fire Football Helps Joplin Recover Most Dangerous Hurricane Cities: Tampa Most Dangerous Hurricane Cities: Ft. Myers Most Dangerous City Hurricane Cities: New Orleans  Most Dangerous Hurricane Cities: Miami Paul Goodloe Takes the Ice Bucket Challenge Proof Change is Really Happening Every Hurricane Since 1851 What Are Your Nails Trying to Say? Most Unusual Waterfall in the World Football Practice Ends in Tragedy Second Flood Victim Found Elephants on Brink of Extinction Hot Dogs Cool Off with a Swim A Six Sided Hurricane? Clouds Playing Piano Cities and Towns with Weather Names Bad News for Coffee Lovers Girl and Dog Survive 11 Days Alone 3 People Caught in Hurricane, Rescued Scientists Baffled By This Abandoned and Left to Die Boy s Reaction to Butterfly is TOO CUTE Dangers of Leaving Pets in Hot Cars Firefighters Battle Med Clinic Fire Hurricanes: 5 Things You Need to Know Mystery Lake Found, But DON T SWIM There Can Ebola Spread on a Plane? August s Farmers Forecast with Paul Walsh Cook a Steak... with LAVA Not a Snowflake... A Floating Hotel! More Bad News for Bacon Lovers Saturn Photobombs the Moon Using This Might KILL You Tiny Skeleton Art, Creepy or Cool? Incredible Barefoot Waterskiing Drone Unlocks Hurricane Secrets One Mother s Tragic Story Bad News for Millions Across South Scattered vs. Isolated Thunderstorms Making it Rain with Lasers  Woman s Dive Goes Terribly Wrong Summer s Hidden Freeway Danger Now THAT S a Photobomb! Bad News for Beef Lovers Bad News for Seafood Lovers Cute Baby Turtles Explode from Nest Boston Area Sees Heavy Tree Damage A Weatherman for 84 years Don t Let Mosquitos Bug You this Summer  New Warning From Scientists See How You Could Win $25 Million From NASA View From Above A World Hub Secret Bear Feeding Spot FOUND Boys Perish Soon After This Selfie You Won t Believe What She Did Subways You Must See! New Clues to Lives of Ancient Mummies! Whoa. A Man Punched by Whale Storm Watch Over a foot of rain in a few hours brought parts of Long Island, New York, to a standstill Wednesday, pushing rescuers into high alert mode across the area.A state of emergency was declared for the town of Islip after 13.57 inches of rain fell, setting a new 24-hour rainfall record for the state of New York, previously set during Hurricane/Tropical Storm Irene. Thirteen inches is more rainfall than Islip would see during all three summer months combined. Morning commute on #LongIsland this morning. Pic via IG user voidedwarranty. http://t.co/fyfi2uJt5n pic.twitter.com/iTEE1AitmO 2014 The Weather Channel (@weatherchannel) August 13, 2014 Photos showed numerous vehicles stranded and deep water covering roads.Numerous streets were shut down throughout the day, including parts of the Long Island Expressway, the Southern State Parkway, the Northern State Parkway, the Seaford-Oyster Bay Expressway, the Sunrise Highway, route 110, the Sagtikos Parkway and the Jericho Turnpike.The westbound lane of Hulse Landing Road near Wading River, New York partially collapsed, according to media reports.A traffic cam on the Southern State Parkway captured the scene of dozens of cars stranded near Belmont Avenue. Cars were also stranded in front of the Bay Shore Mall on Sunrise Highway. Fire department boats were deployed to rescue stranded motorists in Nesconset, New York. At least two feet of water flooded the Bay Shore train station s parking lot, and a parking lot at Long Island MacArthur Airport. Dramatic before and after photos of flooded backyard in West Islip, NY http://t.co/ENPFVICXTt pic.twitter.com/DCVmXq2lT7 2014 NBC New York (@NBCNewYork) August 13, 2014 Eight inches of water had entered the first floor of a home in Bellmore, New York, and there was a report of eight feet of water in a basement in Holbrook.Islip picked up a whopping 9.71 inches of rain in just two hours ending at 6:56 a.m. ET, including an incredible one-hour total of 5.34 inches between 4:56 and 5:56 a.m. ET. Thanks to this deluge, Islip shattered its previous record wettest August of 13.78 inches in 1990, and is now likely to eclipse their wettest single month, 14.07 inches in October 2005. Impressive one-day torrential rain swath from D.C. to L.I. and southern CT. pic.twitter.com/cMQzfdu642 2014 Jonathan Erdman (@wxjerdman) August 13, 2014 The heavy rain spread into parts of southern Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Maine later Wednesday. Roads were flooded with up to two feet of water around the Providence, Rhode Island metro. Underpasses were flooded in Springfield, Massachusetts, and two feet of street flooding closed a few streets in Leominster, Massachusetts.Vehicles were stranded Wednesday night in Saco, Maine. Portland, Maine tallied their fifth wettest calendar day on record Wednesday, picking up 6.43 inches of rain.This flooding was only the continuation of a long swath of heavy rain Tuesday and Tuesday night from the Nation s Capital and Baltimore into New Jersey.Tuesday, a flash flood emergency developed in Baltimore where more than 8 inches of rain fell southeast of the city. Heavy rain then spread Tuesday night and Wednesday morning into parts of southern New Jersey, Long Island and Connecticut. (MORE: Record Rainfall Floods Baltimore-Washington Area)By far the most dangerous thing you can do in a flash flood is attempt to drive in flood waters. This infographic from our partners at Weather Underground shows the startling facts that few people realize about flooding. 1 / 39 A car is abandoned on the Southern State Parkway following heavy rains and flash flooding Aug. 13, 2014 in Islip, N.Y. (Andrew Theodorakis/Getty Images) Share Tweet Reddit Pinterest   Share Your Comment Previous Article Baltimore-Washington D.C. Area Flooded By Record Rainfall Next Article Detroit Historic Flooding: Major Interstates Were Closed For Days After Historic Rainfall Event; Three Dead Most Popular Today This Week Most Stunning Natural Wonder in Every State (PHOTOS) 32 Powerful Photos of the World Feeling the Impact of Climate Change The WORST Cities to Live In Chance of Decades-Long  Megadrought  in Southwest Higher, Thanks to Global Warming Rare Pinups: Vintage Bikini Models (PHOTOS) 10 Amazing City Parks of the World (PHOTOS) Adorable Baby Anteater Born at Rhode Island Zoo (PHOTOS) 50 Places Straight Out of Nightmares (PHOTOS) Do You Live in the Fattest State? Barrow, Alaska, Snow: Winter Arrives Early In America s Northernmost City Rare Pinups: Vintage Bikini Models (PHOTOS) Most Stunning Natural Wonder in Every State (PHOTOS) Adorable Baby Anteater Born at Rhode Island Zoo (PHOTOS) 50 Places Straight Out of Nightmares (PHOTOS) Stark Images of Maryland Towns Sinking as Sea Levels Rise  32 Powerful Photos of the World Feeling the Impact of Climate Change Severe Weather Forecast: Northern Plains Severe Threat Returns Do You Live in the Fattest State? 9 Hidden Signs You re Not Drinking Enough Water Most Incredible Roadside Attraction in Every State (PHOTOS) Search Site Search Web Connect With Us Company Support Feedback Careers Press Room Advertise With Us Advertise- Self Service Explore Storm Encyclopedia Weather Glossary Sitemap a9 1995-2014. The Weather Channel, LLC weather.com ae Licensed by TRUSTe Terms of Use Privacy Policy Parental Controls Ad Choices Georgia Org Accessibility Tools   