The downvotes would be far more likely to come from Texas residents that hate the Aggies than from Northerners.  TA&M is still largely irrelevant outside of SEC and Big 12 country.  Johnny Football is raising the bar, but they mean very little above the Mason-Dixon.  However, in-state allegiances would bring out the hate. (Also, this is /r/texas... why would any out-of-state come in to vote?) Most likely reason anyone would downvote is to express displeasure with the college tradition of collecting beer trophies.  This may happen even if the downvoters themselves had such a collection. I enjoyed it, though. Probably not worth driving there if that's your sole purpose for going and you live far away, but if you are nearby, check it out. The picture was taken in my home with the 'decorating' that is permanently displayed in my home (well, was, I moved). This picture was later posted on the internet, and that's fine, but that doesn't change the fact that it's in my home. Unless somehow being an Aggie fan is a criminal offense, and by putting this picture on public display I am committing a crime... but really, TL;DR: commit crimes doesnt result in downvotes, disliking material in the post does when visiting my aggie girlfriend i had 'fuck baylor' keyed into my car paint (i didnt cover my Baylor parking sticker, shame on me) i had a beer bottle thrown at me on northgate while the car's occupants screamed 'baylor sucks' at me Aggie alumni/ current students bought a billboard in waco mocking Baylor during conference realignment  A&m is actually a fairly good university. i respect the university and their accomplishments, but IMO the culture (outside of the Core and ENG dept) cultures a bullying mentality and this is the reason I downvoted. i would guess mos of the other downvotes have a similar story edit: btw i put quite a bit of effort into explaining my downvotes, if anyone would bother explaining the downvotes i am receiving for the sake of debate i would be very appreciative  So, you're downvoting a picture of beer bottles because there's an Aggie flag in a corner of it? So, now, I'll be sure to downvote anything involving Baylor, Waco, Bears, and the colors green and/or gold. Except I won't, because I'm not a butthurt idiot. [Sorry that stuff happened to you, by the way; that's not what it means to be an Aggie at all. The billboard was more in response to threatened lawsuit and not meant to 'mock' yall, but the other stuff is inexcusable. On the extremely rare occurrences that I've seen Aggies be anything less than hospital, I've dressed them down on the spot. If I ever saw someone destroying property or assaulting/battering someone, I'd help you kick their ass.] Ps. btw, funniest thing about the billboard is that it was placed in a nearly impossible place to see, even after seeing it in the news i couldnt locate the billboard. maybe 5% of the own and .04% of the students saw it. but that is just me rambling about the sillyness of Kyle Field North fans ;) I posted a picture of beer. However, because there is a partially visible flag of the school I went to in the background, it is ruined for you. On top of that, because I found your opinion - and the fact that you went through the effort to voice it - a bit (a lot) childish and tried to express that in a light hearted and somewhat humorous fashion, you feel the need to make a snide remark about my personality. Holy shit, dude, let it go. You are so offended by someone going to a school that it has morphed to become part of your identity. That's terribly sad. Take pride in who you are, not what you hate. That you think because I respond to an inbox notification, I'm somehow traveling allllll the way to "your" thread to make a huuuuge deal out of this.  we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but