   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     More of Living :   Health     Homes     Food     Horoscopes     Comics     Living Pics     Fashion Pics     Blogs       Photos     Video    Autos     	Mike and Trina of St. Petersburg, Fla., don't drink coffee, but they use it as an enema and have been doing so for two years. 	A Florida couple has a shocking way to get their coffee fix: through multiple daily enemas, which they administer to themselves in their home. 	Mike and Trina of St. Petersburg (who haven't given their last name) are addicted to the icky process, they revealed to TLC. They appear on the season premiere of the network's "My Strange Addiction," set to air Feb. 13. 	Neither of them drink coffee, but they sometimes spend about five hours a day flushing out their colons with fresh-brewed joe. 	"It's funny how our personality goes into it. We have totally different styles," she continued. 	"I like it thicker, because I think it's not as messy and drippy," Trina added. 	The couple, who have two young children, work from home, and often can't leave the house for long stretches due to their habit. 	Trina discovered the bizarre "cure" while researching a solution to stomach problems she'd been having. Her husband soon followed suit. Now they've been hooked on the practice for two years. 	Enemas using coffee aren't unheard of, Dr. Roshini Rajapaksa, assistant professor of medicine and a gastroenterologist at NYU Medical Center, told ABCNews.com. Some claim they cleanse the colon and can fight cancer. 	"The bottom line is there is not any beneficial effect and there is some risk associated with any enema and, in particular, using coffee," she said. 	Mike told ABCNews.com he has cut back recently, but Trina is still going strong. 	"I love the way it makes me feel," she said. "It gives me a sense of euphoria."       On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.      