No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc. No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning. No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments. No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere. If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones. Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly! Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldr edit: I'm a fucking health professional, I should know these things. Vodka is bad, kids. Further research shows that it's a physical anomaly that isn't bad, but can increase your chances of infection if you try to snort things and shoot them out your tear ducts. and thats also probably why so many people got hurt. everybody knows to run away when the rocket fuel factory catches on fire.    Once you damage the hair cells in your cochlea they do not grow back or repair themselves no matter your age. When the cells get damaged, the others in the immediate area around the damaged cells start picking up the slack, which wears the healthy cells down faster.  So you may not notice a huge change in hearing after being exposed to a gunshot, but over time the damage will become more pronounced even if you do not shoot guns again.  Maybe it's just me but when I see fireballs shooting out of a fertilizer factory, I head the other fucking way, I don't lollygag around shooting America's Dumbest Home Videos. Here's a short example of an underground blast. If you watch his clothing, gloves, beard and such you see after the sound there is a lot of movement, that's the concussion. In this situation since they're underground the concussion is obviously amplified because it's being forced down a direct path through the tunnels. I should also mention, these guys were around a couple of corners so they were not directly impacted from the concussion, and they were wearing ear protection, the reporters wearing double hearing protection. However, the power of the explosion in Waco was immensely larger, and a similar concussion would of been felt without the strength of the blast following a direct path. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but