Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost ???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/19/2013 21:14 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/3/13 9:14 EDT! currentDate:4/20/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true! Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast Three members of the Texas congressional delegation, including Sen. John Cornyn, got a firsthand view of the aftermath of this week's massive fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas. SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic River flooding continues in Midwest, with several towns expected to see crests Sunday Man hijacks Texas bus, orders driver and passengers to leave, then kills himself after chase Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under heavy guard; Boston area breathes easier Oregon sheriff says missing Oklahoma man was hallucinating during last call with family Skyscraper? Check. Giant joystick? Check. Game of Pong will be writ large in Philadelphia Texas town mourns victims, including first responders after fertilizer depot blast The Post Most: NationMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours Boston Marathon bombing suspect hospitalized under guard; ACLU concerned about Miranda rights A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon finish line, investigation into the 2 suspects Teen whose photo ran on newspaper front says he was stunned at portrayal as potential suspect Brush fire east of LA forces evacuation of 200 homes; another blaze halts I-405 traffic Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox. Live Q&A, 11 a.m. ETLive online discussion with Real Wheels columnist Warren Brown about car-buying and the auto industry.