(CNN) -- Two days after a massive fertilizer plant explosion leveled parts of a central Texas town, killing 14 people and displacing many more, residents moved into recovery mode Friday after investigators announced they had nearly finished search and rescue efforts. The fiery explosion ripped through the heart of West, a close-knit town about 75 miles south of Dallas and about 20 miles north of Waco. Before Wednesday, West was known as the home of Scott Podsednik of the Boston Red Sox and as the "Czech heritage capital of Texas," boasting the best kolache in the state. The death toll included the city secretary, who was also a member of the volunteer fire department, said Mayor Tommy Muska. The victim was the only person with the password to the city's Facebook account, Muska said, preventing others from posting updates about the incident. In total, five West firefighters died battling the blaze, along with one Dallas firefighter and four emergency responders, the State Firemen's and Fire Marshals' Association of Texas said Thursday. A candlelight vigil is held at St. Mary's Catholic Church in West, Texas, on Thursday, April 18, in remembrance of those who lost their lives in the massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co., on Wednesday, April 17. See photos from the explosion. Eric Garcia, 12, cries during a candlelight vigil in West , Texas, honoring the victims of the explosion on April 18. More than 200 people were injured and 50 homes destroyed in the small town. "It's devastating. I've been a member of the firefighters for 26 years," Muska said. "These guys are my friends." Smoke billows into the sky immediately after the explosion at West Fertilizer Co. in West, Texas, on Wednesday, April 17, as captured by CNN iReporter Brian Kitchen. The deadly explosion damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. The number of fatalities remains unclear. The West Fertilizer Co. lies in ruins in West, Texas, on Thursday, April 18, the day after the accident. A deer head mount sits inside a car parked next to a apartment complex damaged in the explosion. Search and rescue workers comb through what remains of a 50-unit apartment building, in foreground, and a nursing home on April 18. The remains of a car sit in front of an apartment complex destroyed after the fertilizer plant blast.  A Valley Mills Fire Department firefighter walks the remains of an apartment complex next to the fertilizer plant on April 18. Fire personnel check out the railroad tracks near the fertilizer plant on April 18. Valley Mills Fire Department personnel view the railroad tracks near the fertilizer plant on April 18. A Texas State Trooper stops people from entering a neighborhood near the plant on April 18. Search and rescue workers comb through what remains of a 50-unit apartment building on April 18. Debris litters the fields around a fertilizer plant on April 18, the day after the explosion. The blast damaged 50 to 60 homes in a five-block area, officials said. This satellite image shows West, Texas, as captured on January 30, 2012. The fertilizer plant is on the right center of the photo, just northeast of the oval track of the town's middle school. The deadly explosion leveled dozens of homes and damaged other buildings on April 18, including a school and nursing home, authorities said.  With smoke rising in the distance, a law enforcement officer runs a checkpoint at the perimeter about half a mile from the plant on April 18. Waco Police spokesman William Swanton speaks to reporters about the explosion on April 18. Glass from blown-out windows lies shattered on the sidewalk and street after the blast on April 18. Earth-moving equipment rolls through the downtown area in the middle of the night on April 18. The explosion tore through the roof of West Fertilizer Co., charring much of the structure and sending massive flames into the air. Muska rushed to the scene to assist in crowd control about 1.5 blocks from the plant. The explosion, which registered as a 2.1-magnitude earthquake, blew his hat off, he said. It also destroyed his home, he said, making him one of many in the small town of 2,800 to be displaced in the blast's aftermath. Many, including him, are staying in hotels or with friends, he said. The destruction made it hard to account for exactly how many people had been displaced, McLennan County Judge Scott Felton said Friday. He estimated that 99% of people originally thought to be missing had been accounted for. Felton and Muska joined Perry in thanking volunteers from across the state who came to assist in cleanup. They also expressed gratitude for donations of food and clothes, but said they were running out of places to store them and asked that people instead donate money through the Red Cross and Salvation Army. "We've hit the saturation point on receiving stuff, clothes, food, those kind of things, and we're running out of places to put it," Felton said. It's still unclear what caused the blast, which Brad Smith felt in his home 50 miles away. "We didn't know exactly what it was," Smith said. "The forecast said a line of thunderstorms was going to come through. My wife and I looked up and wondered, 'Did it get here six hours early?' " Local authorities are still working with federal officials, including the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, to determine the cause of the deadly explosion, Perry said. It's unclear whether the plant had safety problems. In 2006, the Environmental Protection Agency fined the company that ran the fertilizer plant $2,300 and told the owners to correct problems that included a failure to file a risk management program plan on time. Seven years ago, the company had a complaint against it for a lingering smell of ammonia, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality website shows. The blast came as the nation remained on edge after the Boston Marathon bombing on Monday that killed three and left about 180 injured. It happened two days before Friday's 20th anniversary of a fire in Waco that ended a federal agents' siege against members of the Branch Davidian sect. More than 80 sect members and some federal agents died. What's clear, though, is the blast stunned residents of this town and left behind a trail of charred devastation. CNN's Elizabeth Landau, Greg Botelho, Josh Levs and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report.