You found a Tumblr post about how a brave transgendered feminist made a white cismale check his privilege? I still get aroused every time I think about how that happened in real life. Your Facebook wall tells a tale of how the newest 15-year-old Atheist put that fundie in their place? The girlfriend who you haven't met because she goes to a different school totally saw it happen and verified it for me. You have a rage comic describing a man making a woman orgasm by song alone? Totally happened, I used to sleep with that woman before the man's audible vibrator took her away. Post all of these stories and more here, a place where we collect and verify the truest stories on Reddit. Some basic rules apply, give them a read before posting a 100% true story or commenting on one. Finding someone's personal information like a real name, a facebook account, twitter, etc, and posting it in the comments is grounds for a ban from the entire website. Do not harass anyone you find here or encourage others to harass them. Do not be nasty to your fellow users. Any posting from a reddit link must replace the "www" with an "np." Any bullying on /r/thatHappened or "in the name of" /r/thatHappened is means for an automatic banning. Titles MUST describe the event, be written like a newpaper headline, and should make the reader say "Yep. That happened." This thread goes into greater detail as to what an appropriate title consists of. This subreddit is for utterly plausible and believable tales told in a manner that is 100% not twisted, exaggerated, or self-aggrandizing. If what you're linking is just a sentence or two, it likely doesn't fit here. No blatant reposts from either the Cringe group of subreddits and no reposts at all from either our own subreddit or /r/4chan. No creating your own event and pushing it off as an event that actually happened. We find out, you get banned. We can't have made-up things sullying a subreddit dedicated to only true stories that are 100% true and actually happened.This is an example of what IS NOT allowed. A big thank you to /u/xmariposa for the new header image! Why not check out her art blog? we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but