News guide: Key facts about the fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost ???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/18/2013 14:47 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/2/13 2:47 EDT! currentDate:4/20/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true! 										In this Wednesday, April 17, 2013, photo provided by Joe Berti, a plume of smoke rises from a fertilizer plant fire near Waco, Texas. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said Thursday morning.  A fertilizer plant exploded in the small Central Texas farming community of West, about 20 miles north of Waco, leaving as many as 15 people dead and at least 160 injured. More business newsIMF panel calls for faster action to boost growth, jobs in developed world Know the best way to hang a sweater or fix a leaky faucet? Snapguide helps you share your secrets. SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. City on edge: Searching for answers and suspects in the manhunt for marathon bombing suspects Tiny Texas farming town grieves for first-responders who raced toward burning fertilizer plant The Post Most: BusinessMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours City on edge: Searching for answers and suspects in the manhunt for marathon bombing suspects Germany's Lufthansa cancels most scheduled flights on Monday, when ground staff will strike