As far as being condescending: Look, any decent reporter will try to remove all preconceptions when doing a story. It's about observation and backing up up assertions with facts. And the reality is esports is still really young and male dominated. -Manageable size, so pretty much any decent submission will have a shot at the front page -I think a certain personality type gravitates towards board games - you want to play with people face-to-face, and you don't mind being patient and teaching others. You're more open-minded and respectful of other opinions. -The median age of posters has to be higher than something like /r/gaming. People are more mature. And honestly, I'd imagine there are a lot more women here, which probably doesn't hurt when it comes to civility. -Perhaps most importantly: People realize it isn't a zero sum game (pun not intended). You can like Munchkin AND Twilight Imperium. You can hate Ticket to Ride AND Gears of War. And that's totally cool! We'll find you something you will like, rather than flaming you for not conforming to our worldview. I think it's because we've all been in a situation where we've fallen in love with a game, and we've also been totally unimpressed. Simply put, most board gamers have empathy. It was the "a-hed," which is usually quirky or offbeat stories. http://www.amazon.com/Floating-Off-Page-Stories-Journals/dp/074322664X - and there was a hedcut of a Dark Templar. I'm sad that I still haven't finished painting one army, and haven't actually touched the brush in years. :( Also it's a bummer that Wood Elves haven't gotten a new army book in years and years. There really is a dearth of gaming retail in the city. In the early 2000s, Neutral Ground was this legendary gaming shop (more Magic-focused), but it closed down because of some apparent lease issues. Compleat Strategist has great selection, but no regular open gaming. Montasy is Magic-focused. Twenty Sided Store - http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/08/nyregion/at-the-twenty-sided-store-gamers-unleash-their-alter-egos.html - is amazing, but not everyone is willing to go into Brooklyn. Meetup groups in bars and food courts are probably the most popular gatherings in downtown Manhattan. There really is a dearth of gaming retail in the city. In the early 2000s, Neutral Ground was this legendary gaming shop (more Magic-focused), but it closed down because of some apparent lease issues. Compleat Strategist has great selection, but no regular open gaming. Montasy is Magic-focused. Twenty Sided Store - http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/08/nyregion/at-the-twenty-sided-store-gamers-unleash-their-alter-egos.html - is amazing, but not everyone is willing to go into Brooklyn. Meetup groups in bars and food courts are probably the most popular gatherings in downtown Manhattan. 7 Wonders - The draft is the game. Three ages (packs), resources (mana) and ways to get points. Agricola - My favorite game, the best worker placement (a game where you collect resources/do things by placing discs) by overall user ratings. You can draft hundreds of cards that give you special powers, sort of like enchantments. Solforge - Computer only, pretty similar mechanics. Designers include the Ascension guys (/u/kibler, etc) and Richard Garfield. Check out Card Hunter, too. I actually enjoy playing the hero, at least against bots, because it's fun to practice last hitting and seeing how fast I can get a Battlefury. I did play him once in a real game with friends, and they pretty much took the game 4v5. I was all farmed up at the end, but I felt like I barely contributed. Anti-Mage may have really straightforward abilities, but he's really not good for new players at all. I hear you on gameplay. I think the important part is analysis - explaining why you think a move or choice is good, and doing it in a clear and thoughtful way. Ideally, I could talk to some highly ranked players. And yes, lots of research! There's actually a great Dominion strategy blog. Unfortunately it's dormant, but here are some good engine starters: And while we're at it, a good Caylus guide: http://taogaming.wordpress.com/2006/01/04/six-thousand-words-about-caylus/ http://www.gatheringmagic.com/cmdrdecks-commander-video-09092013-hythonia-the-cruel/ we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but