On Saturday, September 28, 2013, Texas AM University-Commerce unveiled the portrait of Ivory Moore, Sr., now showcased on the second floor of the McDowell On Saturday, September 28, 2013, Texas AM University-Commerce unveiled the portrait of Ivory Moore, Sr., now showcased on the second floor of the McDowell President Obama and House Speaker John Boehner have had five years of fights and negotiations to learn how to work together.The relationship has had ups The government shutdown grinds on with no immediate relief in sight.President Obama says he's willing to talk with Republican lawmakers about adjustments Many online journals are ready to publish bad research in exchange for a credit card number.That's the conclusion of an elaborate sting carried out by We last updated this post at 7:19 p.m. ET.A woman who authorities say tried to ram a security barrier outside the White House led the Secret Service and...Read more  After a Bye last week, Commerce returned to action Friday night at Van Alstyne, as the Tigers tried to break a 3 game losing streak against a hot...   The Greenville Police Department has announced it is seeking two local teenagers reported missing Thursday. The following was issued by the police...   The Fourth Annual Sulphur Springs Worldwide Photo Walk, sponsored by the Sulphur Springs Downtown Business Alliance, will be held 6-8 p.m. on Sat....   Luke took his bow up to Palo Pinto County earlier this week for a short bowhunt on the Dale River Ranch. (www.daleriverranch.com)    Sandra Bullock is returning to the big screen alongside George Clooney as they take on the dangerous final frontier. When debris hits their space...   Cockroaches, it just so happens, actually resemble humans, forming distinct groups and neighborhoods. Host Scott Simon talks to Mark Stoeckle of...   Host Scott Simon and Howard Bryant of ESPN.com and ESPN The Magazine talk about baseball playoff winners and losers. Plus Alex Rodriguez files suit...   I'm walking through Times Square, the crossroads of the world. Just when I reach the line for cheap Broadway tickets, I see it: a giant billboard...   For one month each fall, residents of interior Alaska don chest waders and splash through the clear, frigid water of the Chatanika River. With large... 