How do you not understand that people who think this is the word of God are going to have their behavior altered based on what it says, even if it's not in a logical or consistent way? How do you not realize that it's all a matter of someone choosing to follow something rather than it being the result of what's said in the religion. Even if it's the preacher, pastor, decon, whatever it is the decision of an individual interpretation, its not because of the religious texts. Religious texts are used as justifications, it's not coming from the text, but someone making the decision to interpret something one way. Amusingly, you use the eucharist as an example, thus proving my point. Where in the bible is the idea of a eucharist? Jesus gives someone bread, and that became a religious practice? Where is it said that it's a requirement of the religion? It's not.... You continually miss the point, they're selectively choosing what to follow, even if they don't like the fact that their religion says something. Rules such as no tattoos, no hair cuts, no shellfish etc are in the same book, and are demanded to be followed as well, but people don't. You say they're following the bible, they're not. They're cherry picking beliefs. You are trying to claim it's the book, so therefore it's not up to them, but since the book doesn't define "Follow these rules, not those rules" then it is the INDIVIDUAL making the decision, not the religion. Even if they don't like it, then why don't they also follow all the other rules? There is literally no difference between the two groups of rules in the bible.  The religious reasoning is an excuse for their actions, not a reason for it. If they want to claim that it's religious reasoning, then follow the entire book, you can't selectively choose certain rules. Various rules have been dropped by various sects over time. That doesn't mean that people don't feel obligated to adhere to the ones that haven't been dropped, even if it's not their personal inclination. God's holy unalterable word.... Up for interpretation and selectively choosing what to follow...  Same thing happened to me when I was 12 at about 2 in the morning. Terrified the shit out of my mom, and I probably ended up a pint or two low from the bleeding. It was to the point I fainted at least once just standing up going to the bathroom. Any doctors know how much blood you can lose before you start fainting? I'm really curious. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but