The biggest mistake made was when two generations decided my generation was the one to shit on, by not cleaning up after themselves and putting us in debt to our eyeballs. Making the mistake of allowing this shit to pile on for so long is unforgivable. And I VERY much consider how much oil I use, how many plastic bags (which get reused, not thrown out), trying to be gentle on the gas pedal of my 4-cylinder that should be electric if not for the Big Oil those innocents you mention have been suckling for generations, and let's not forget Big Business and Big Brother, who those boomers and their spoiled kids managed to stick my generation with. They could have done something before it got so bad we might not be able to stop it. I understand you think I'm just making a gross generalization, but this is the responsibility of us all, and was the responsibility of someone else before I was born. If they actually took responsibility for it, why do we have global warming? What's more likely, that everyone was lazy and selfish, or that someone stood up for it and it worked, but the problem somehow managed to continue to grow?  And don't BS me on the industrial revolution, that's passing responsibility again, since global warming as a trend can be traced to any time in the past that the Earth had an abundance of energy in the atmosphere. Pollution from coal plants is powering my house right now, instead of the solar and wind technologies that could have been developed decades ago, besides the fact that carbon sequestration on a monumental scale is what we needed to do - decades ago. China and India are developing a need for crude: it's obvious they don't care about emissions standards. Our planet should have been taken care of, instead of cutting down the forests, or how about the overfishing done exclusively by executives much older than me? I don't own a 144-meter fishing vessel, I drive a thousand dollar '91 Camry. Yeah, those guys are fucking saint-worthy, as are their baby boomer shills, who helped them right along either directly, or by inaction. Those asshole boomers gave NASA the budget to go to the fucking MOON for a political game, but we have no asteroid defense system? WTF kind of forward thinking is that? edit: this argument is not the end of my grievances/problems I want to help fix, but I do feel like I'm cleaning up someone else's mess sometimes. I am: anyone that was of legal voting age 24 hours before my birth. They had the power to avert this shit before me, now it's left to me and my age group to clean up after my (grand/)parent's lazy, wasteful consumption, let alone repair the damage done by the rich and powerful in the name of my country. I did the math (heh), and that's about a decade an a half... sixteen years ago, I was twelve, and had a game boy, some M:tG cards, and a crush on a girl named Stephanie. My entire adult life has formed since then, all while being swindled more than any generation beforehand. This is outrageously out of hand. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but