Why are comment scores hidden? Click to find out.  The current delay is -- 60 -- minutes Use a [Serious] post tag to designate your post as a serious, on-topic-only thread.  [Learn More] 1) You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title. Any context or clarification should be posted in the text box. Your own answer to the question should go in the comments as a reply to your own post. [More] 4) Posting, or seeking, any identifying personal information will result in a ban without a prior warning. This includes for yourself or other people, and refers to, but is not limited to, phone numbers, email addresses, facebook or other social media accounts. [More] 5) Askreddit is not your soapbox, personal army, or advertising platform. Posts attempting to promote a specific agenda of yours or anyone else, to gain publicity, promote a cause or charity drive, or to publicly shame a person or entity will be removed. Rhetorical and loaded questions will also be removed. [More] 6) This subreddit is not a replacement for legal consultation, medical or mental health consultation. These posts will be removed, as the qualifications of any person giving such advice cannot be verified. Contact the professional in your area for your needs. [More] 7) Soliciting money, goods, services, or favors are not allowed. They will be removed. [More] 8) Posts or comments with offensive pictures or language are subject to removal at the discretion of the moderators. We are not here to police behavior, but content solely intended to inflame or offend will not be allowed. [More] 10) If you think your post has disappeared, see spam or an inappropriate post, please do not hesitate to contact the mods, we're happy to help. [More] Interested in the amount of traffic /r/AskReddit receives daily/monthly? Check out our traffic stats here! People are friendly and make conversation with strangers. Usually a nice thing, except for when someone working in a store is trying to solicit me and I just want to browse. Huge meal sizes, free refills, cheap food... I'm going to be so fat by the time I leave this place. There are gaps at the sides. You can see people walking by while you're peeing, so weird! When I was  young and naive, I  learned from online forums that Americans took shits that clogged their toilets. I assumed that Americans take massive shits that we Europeans just can't match (after all, everything is bigger in America) When I came to US, I learned that they just have different toilets with small hole that gets clogged. European toilets never do that. They have bigger hole. You can put tennis ball trough it.  Everyone always says "Where I come from, they'd take all the newspapers!" What you are going to do with more than one copy of the day's paper is beyond me.  Then Comedies will usually end with a 1-2 min skit/callback joke involving the B plot, and Dramas will go straight to the credits.  TV is all about structure. edit: could not be happier that my most upvoted post ever is about fried pickles. would like to take the time to point out that when my grandfather was in the hospital at Vanderbilt, he was served fried pickles for lunch every few days. I mean shit, they serve them to people recovering from surgery, can't argue with that right?  Sure, there are lots of nice suburbs with expensive villas and stuff here, but living in the city centre is almost always more expensive and more "high brow" or what you'd call it. Edit: I was perhaps generalizing a bit too much, and there are lots of variations in the US, but it was still a phenomenon that I remember being struck by when I realized it. She didn't send any for summer since we're usually studying abroad/traveling, so no idea.  Edit: I also just remembered, self-flushing toilets?! That's some scary shit for your first time, bro! You just want to take a peacefull dump but no your ass feels like they are trying to steam it. It gets all sweaty and nasty. Fucked up place Edit: my highest rated comment is about the American dream...if that's not true patriotism, then I don't know what is... I spent all-together too much time on that.  Here's a better pic, in case it won't let you enlarge from that page. Proper Saul Goodman style lawyer adverts. The rented villa we stayed in had at least 4 fridge magnets advertising lawyers, brochures with more lawyers lay around the villa, adverts on TV constatly with more lawyers. Other than that the usual stuff that's already been said, tipping, your terrible chocolate (except m&ms), waving big signs etc. Edit: Since people seem to still be finding this comment, I have another question: Are high school students as passionate and involved in their extra-curricular activities as TV shows/movies make out? Not just football, but also things like drama, cheerleading, newspaper/year book etc? We had barely any extra-curriculars at my school, and the ones we did have were just things to do to pass the time basically. I think most Australian high school and unis are like this. Edit 2: I'm being told so many conflicting things about high school extra-curricular activities. I guess it varies. Public restroom doors in the US are often like bizarrely tiny, to the point where I remember walking into a cubical setup-public loo and actually being able to see people crapping between the gap in the door. And there was like a 2 foot gap from the floor to the door! Made me feel so awkward, and it was so common! All it would take was a few extra inches of door, I mean seriously people why?? Edit 2: Okay, yes, I get it. 7-Eleven has bigger cups than McDonalds. INSANELY big cups. Seriously, is it even possible to drink that amount of liquid? Probably to do with our comparatively small population - if you lose half your fans you don't have many left. EDIT: Wow, thanks for all you responses everyone! I did read them all, just couldn't arsed replying to most of them. Just to clear up a few things for you guys: I'm from Australia. A lot of you are asking 'well how do you make friends/meet someone new if you don't talk to strangers?' Just in my opinion of what I see, it's more like you need to go out there and try new things, join clubs, meet friends of friends etc to meet new people rather than talking to someone on the street. But I think on the whole, we are a bit more reserved than Americans. I think people also need to realise that I am just one person, and this is how I see things. Other Australians might feel the complete opposite to me, and a lot of you have said completely contradictory things to each other as well, we're all individuals! Thanks for all of your input, it was really interesting to read! Americans are very loud, laugh a lot and can also be a bit touchy-feely. Not that this is bad; when I was in the US, everyone was very friendly and I had a great time. But they're always laughing and shouting and going "Oh my god", it's like everything is super exciting for them. The bit that was kind of strange was that they'd often touch my arms or shoulders or hair, or gesture towards me. That's something that's generally a bit intimate and intrusive in England. Again, everyone was friendly so I'm not saying this to be mean, but it does take some getting used to, because it's a bit in-your-face at first. Weird as hell ice cream flavours. I bought "dinosaur eggs"-flavour that was blue with chocolate eggs in in a regular supermarket. Is this an American thing, or a strange-town-I-visited thing? Motorised mobility wheelchairs in supermarkets. I've only ever seen maybe 1 or 2 emergency-only selfies in Tesco, but in the US, they had a lot of these and you could walk right up and take them if you wanted to. It seems strange, that someone who needs a motorised wheelchair wouldn't have their own, but I think this could be a knock-on effect of expensive healthcare, maybe...? Jaywalking is a crime? I did this a lot in the US without realising it was supposed to be illegal (albeit one of those crimes no one really ever gets caught for). Oops. Sorry, guys! Flags all over the place. Flags are a little more common in England since the Olympics and royal wedding though. Bread is sweet and chocolate isn't? Pancakes for breakfast was weird too, but there was an IHOP right next to our hotel and that was pretty great. I kinda miss it. Waiters that are really, REALLY pushy about special offers. OK, you already told me I get free chips if I get a Large burger, but I didn't even want a burger. No, please don't tell me about all the extras and sides I could get for the burger as well. I DON'T WANT IT. Sarcasm and self-depreciating humour is not as well-recieved. As someone who uses a lot of self-depreciating humour, Americans were always trying to comfort me after I made a joke about myself. In England, people tended just laugh or join in by making a similar joke about themselves. It was rather sweet though. Terraced and semi-detached buildings are not very common at all, and streets are really wide. I suppose because most of American buildings were built relatively recently, whereas a lot of Britain was built up before cars were around, so we often have smaller streets and compact houses.  I'm a big lover of documentaries, but I could not watch them in the US. There is lots and lots and lots and LOTS of talking, cartoon sound effects, and loud music. You could be watching a lion lazily looking at a gazelle miles away and it's blaring music that sounds like an action film finale, whilst the narrator talks about lions for twelve paragraphs using all sorts of weird, casual expressions, and every time the gazelle moves it plays a loud "BWOOOIING" sound effect. Well, that was an exeggeration, but do you get what I mean? It felt like - and I don't know how true this is - that documentaries in the US are treated like educational shows for reluctant children whose parents made them watch it, rather than proper a series an adult might watch out of genuine interest.  This sounds so patronising and I'm really sorry if it is but... we went to a lot of theme parks and it always entertained us how Americans say "vehicle". Not a difference but also pretty funny: Americans seem to underestimate what foreigners know about the US. I know you say "eggplant", "cilantro", "restroom" and "truck" instead of "aubergine", "coriander", "loo" and "lorry". We get tonnes of films and TV programmes and books from the US, probably more than you get from Britain, so we have heard these terms before! Again, though, I do appreciate their consideration, but it's still a bit funny how they act as if you're learning a whole new language being there. Another apology for if this sounded patronising or mean-spirited. People from the US were all very lovely people when I went there, I had a wonderful time, and I mean no offence. I'm a big lover of documentaries, but I could not watch them in the US. There is lots and lots and lots and LOTS of talking, cartoon sound effects, and loud music. You could be watching a lion lazily looking at a gazelle miles away and it's blaring music that sounds like an action film finale, whilst the narrator talks about lions for twelve paragraphs using all sorts of weird, casual expressions, and every time the gazelle moves it plays a loud "BWOOOIING" sound effect. Well, that was an exeggeration, but do you get what I mean? It felt like - and I don't know how true this is - that documentaries in the US are treated like educational shows for reluctant children whose parents made them watch it, rather than proper a series an adult might watch out of genuine interest. I have awful memories of Oprah narrating (or perhaps dubbing) a doco, and she was yelling stuff like "it thinks it's people!"  Flags. Flags, everywhere. When I was little and we went to Minneapolis, I made a game of counting flags and I lost.  TV is weird in America, constant advertisement & there is blatant propaganda from both Fox & CNN. No neutral political new network it seemed. Jesus Christ those ads were all over tv. That plus the ads for said medication, billboards advertising hospitals... I'd never seen that before I went to the US.  Also food portion sizes are insane. I don't care if it's good value, nobody needs a burger the size of their own face.  Went to this sport shop to buy goggles. In Texas. At one end of the store the biggest collections of rifles, guns, machetes and army gadget I've ever seen. So I decide to snap a picture to send home and the shop assistant comes and say "Sir, I'm so sorry" "Oh, I can't take a picture?" "No, go ahead, I'm sorry we don't have ammos anymore". (It was a couple of weeks after the school shooting - Sandy Hook). When I then told this to my Texan friends I realised all of them (even at the wedding I was invited to) had at least one gun, if not several. When they told me it was for self-defense and I told them we don't have that many guns in Europe they asked me what would I do to defend myself and they laughed their ass of when I replied "well, I run!" EDIT: gosh, so many replies, I didn't see that coming! I wanted to add that Texas was lovely and the people fantastic. It was such a contrast to notice how someone with a gun always sticking out of the jacket could be so lovely and charming. The average Texan was like a mix between Rambo and Santa Claus, lovely but deadly at the same time, which was a surprise as someone armed in here would be a thug. But as someone mentioned people in the US are much more friendly than the stereotype and it's always lovely to go back.  Also I remember chatting with this girl in Dallas. She is in line in front of me in a coffee shop and asks me where I am from since I was talking to a friend and she picked up the weird accent. She sits with us and I ask her "does a young good looking girl like you own a gun too" and she replies "I have 4 shotguns!" (I anyway proceeded to invite her out, a good looking it Italian shirt can be a true killer) One deer'll give you hundreds of dollars worth of meat.  Great way of saving money. EDIT: after reading the comments I'm surprised, I though you could have a couple of guns and say 100 rounds, just in case the whole mafia would visit your house. Thousands... They told me each bullet was a dollar and that it was very difficult to go in those particular days. Thanks Obama! But we went to the rodeo and to see NBA, so I will do some trigger happy shooting like It's always sunny in Philadelphia next time.  Edit: As many replies have said, every firearm is always loaded, especially when it isn't. Jelly is a broader term that also includes things that only have juices in them, like mint or apple jelly. One of my Chinese students told me, "I think Americans live very much in harmony with nature. There are so many trees and squirrels! When I first get here, I thought I was in a fairy tale movie." EDIT: since apparently everyone is caught up on "not a non-american": I have lived in this country since I was three. I work here. I am fully enculturated into American culture. I am not a citizen. Hence, I'm not really non-American, but I don't think of myself as American either. Of course I've since been educated in Indian traffic via youtube and fully understand, it's just weird to think of Chicago as being orderly in any way. For example, i rode my bike through some tiny village in the Rockies and just rested on a bench. I sat there and watched stuff cause everything was new for me. Tiny town + unknown individual = someone called the cops on you because you were "suspicious" Tipping: We don't do it in Australia. For someone who has never had to do it, it was incredibly hard for me to wrap my head about how much is appropriate for the service. I find it especially hard because overall I find the service too pushy. Please leave me alone :(.  Randomly talking to strangers: On talking to folks randomly. I don't mean polite conversations. When I participated in student exchange there seemed to be a disproportionate amount of really probing conversations. Things I normally wouldn't chat about on a first conversation. I am pretty private as a person, so I admit this skews my view. And its almost to the point that not smiling and saying hello to strangers is rude.  When I'm home and walking the dogs with my mom, every time we cross paths with someone and they don't return my mother's greetings, she waits till they are out of sight and then comments something like "Well they sure were nice..." That was the weirdest one for me. "ask your doctor for brand x antidepressants" type commercials on TV. In the UK, your doctor tells you what drugs you should take, not the other way round. Viagra? Couple holding hands while sitting on the front porch with a glass of wine.  Edit: Okay. It seems that everyone is reminding me about the Cialis commercial with a couple sitting outside in bathtubs drinking wine. That one is its own brand of strange.  Direct-to-consumer advertising for prescription drugs is only legal in the US and in New Zealand! "Sideeffectsmayincludedrowsinessvomitingdiarrheahairlossinternalbleedinginfertilitydementiainsomniaheartattackordeath" Seriously? If anxiety is helped so much I'm not afraid of anal leakage in public, this is either a miracle or the devil.  we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but