I do NOT envy you not being able to get prescription meds to fix you up. I've been in that boat before, and it is the worst! Shower less frequently. If you're an every day showerer, cut it down to every other day. Immediately after your shower, hydrocortisone/moisturize. Don't open the bathroom door or anything, keep the moisture in the room and keep the moisture in your skin. Try switching to an epilator instead of a razor. Something about shaving really sets my eczema off.  Hydrocortisone. I can't use this on it's own, but you might be able to. I typically apply it where I'm itchy (over both my legs, my face, and sometimes my arms) and then put another moisturizer over it. Shea Butter. Not "lotion with shea butter," but 100% Shea Butter. Sometimes this works for me as my moisturizer. Sometimes it starts to, but then I just get itchy again. It's a really great moisturizer, but it can be sort of a pain to apply. It can get crumbly when you try to rub in large quantities of the stuff. If you're using it, budget time to apply it. It takes a little bit longer than a typical squirt and spread lotion. Eucerin Original Soothing Repair Cream. It's in a tub. It's so thick it's practically a solid. I think they make some thinner, more lotion-y type stuff too, but the thick, paste-y stuff is the only kind that works for my eczema. Vaseline. I don't put this everywhere, only on my face. It's part of my nightly routine. I dab a little bit of hydrocortisone on my habitually troubled spots (mostly the corners of my mouth) and then smear vaseline on top of it. Works like a charm. Benadryl. One of the best ways to cut down on the itchiness is an antihistamine. I take 1/2 of one every single night. It cuts down on the itching without making me super groggy in the morning.  Keep your fingernails trimmed super short. If you are scratching while you sleep, put socks (or mittens) over your hands before bed. I know there's something I'm forgetting that's probably pretty useful, but that's all that's coming to mind right now. For your face, I'd seriously recommend hydrocortisone on the problem spots followed by a generous helping of vaseline to cover it. As far as the rest of your body...some combination of the stuff above might help you keep it at bay. If nothing works and prescription meds are still a long way off, pm me. I'll hook you up with some ointment. I think another factor is the climate where she lives. She's in the extreme Southeastern US, right on the Gulf of Mexico. Needless to say, it's humid. She and I always joke that the humidity is like formaldehyde.  The Republicans are acting like two year olds who didn't get their way. It's really time they grew up. I wonder if a lack of a g-spot in the mother would correlate at all with the size of the dick for the son? You're basically miserable for a year. Then, when it's over, your body is a mess. It can even give you problems for the rest of your life (back pain, incontinence, etc.) I know I'll do it eventually, but I'm terrified of the process leading up to it.  Differences in defecation in three different positions: http://www.squattypotty.com/v/vspfiles/templates/192/pdf/Japanese-study.pdf Squatting results in easier defecation: http://www.squattypotty.com/v/vspfiles/templates/192/pdf/Saeed-Rad.pdf It's faster and easier to poop while squatting: http://www.squattypotty.com/v/vspfiles/templates/192/pdf/Straining-study.pdf Squatting results in easier defecation: http://www.squattypotty.com/v/vspfiles/templates/192/pdf/Saeed-Rad.pdf Elevating your knees above your hips (aka, squatting) allows the muscle to fully relax, giving clear passage out. Anatomically speaking, people were designed to squat. Think about ancient, wild humans or their predecessors. Think about any animal, really. Do any of them sit down to poop? For a visual, pooping while sitting would be akin to forcing water out of a kinked garden hose. Benefits: easier to poop; more effective pooping (ie, there isn't as much left in you that you couldn't force out); relieves constipation; prevents pelvic floor issues (women get this from childbirth, but men can get it from straining on the toilet); prevents incontinence in old age (the more you strain against the puborectalis muscle, the more quickly it wears out. Once the muscle wears out, there is nothing keeping your poop in place); prevents hemorrhoids; prevents colon cancer; etc. Sitting down to poop only became common in the last 100 years or so. Coincidentally, all kinds of bad gastrointestinal stuff started cropping up then too. Hemorrhoids, colon disease, IBS, diverticulitis, etc. Now, some of these might be somewhat caused by changes in diet, but all of them can be at least partially attributed to bathroom posture.  tl;dr Get your knees above your hips or you'll have to wear a diaper when your 80. My spouse served in the Marines, so we qualify for a VA loan, which means no down-payment. That's the only way we were able to buy our house. Our mortgage+taxes is about $800/month. If we had rented our house, we'd easily be paying $1500-$1600/month.  I also remember watching a movie one night where the actors were kissing. Before I went to bed, I went to give my mom a kiss. Only this time, I wanted to try it like in the movies. So I tried to french kiss my mother. She was all: whoa there, hochizo. You can't kiss me like that. I had no idea that you couldn't kiss some people in some ways.  All that is to say: our home life was super-awesome. Sometimes kids just don't realize how what they're doing will look to adults.  we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but