Astounding, record-smashing rainfall swamps Long Island; 11 inches in 3 hours 
Astounding, record-smashing rainfall swamps Long Island; 11 inches in 3 hours













Real Estate
Rentals
Cars
Today's Paper
Going Out Guide
Find&Save



Home


PostTV




In PostTV






Politics




In Politics


Courts & Law


The Fed Page
			


Health Care


Polling


White House


GovBeat


Md. Politics


Va. Politics


D.C. Politics








Blogs & Columns







Why trouble with the law marks the end for some politicians, but not others

Post Politics

|  Sean Sullivan










Holder in Ferguson: ‘So let’s start here. Let’s do the work today.’

The Fix

|  Jaime Fuller










The Ferguson police chief’s next move?

The Monkey Cage

|  Ted McCagg










Map: How much $100 is really worth in hundreds of metropolitan areas

GovBeat

|  Niraj Chokshi










(Video) Veterans complain about VA service to Sen. Mark Warner

The Federal Eye

|  Josh Hicks










Opinions




In Opinions


Toles Cartoons
			


Telnaes Animations
			


The Post's View


Letters to the Editor


Local Opinions
			


Columnist Index
			








Featured Blogs







Happy Hour Roundup

The Plum Line

|  Paul Waldman









Mugshots are the new headshots

ComPost

|  Alexandra Petri










Epilogue: SimpsonsWorld

Act Four

|  Alyssa Rosenberg










Good news from Mississippi

The Watch

|  Radley Balko










Why the ‘Tales of the City’ series matters

Act Four

|  Alyssa Rosenberg










Local




In Local


D.C.
			


Maryland
			


Virginia
			


Crime
			


Education
			


Obituaries
			


Transportation
			


Weather
			


Blogs & Columns
			








Blogs & Columns







Updates: Line of thunderstorms approaching D.C.

Capital Weather Gang

|  Angela Fritz and Jason Samenow









Nightlife Agenda: Retro dance parties, a Vegas DJ and dog days of summer

Going Out Guide

|  Fritz Hahn and Rhome Anderson









‘Exact change’ lanes to dwindle on Dulles Toll Road

Dr. Gridlock

|  Luz Lazo









Sports




In Sports


Redskins/NFL


Capitals/NHL


Wizards/NBA


Nationals/MLB


D.C. United/Soccer


Colleges


AllMetSports


Blogs & Columns


Other Sports








Blogs & Columns







Bissonnette still discussing with ‘a few teams,’ including Caps

Capitals Insider

|  Alex Prewitt










All signs point to F.P. Santangelo and Bob Carpenter broadcasting game from behind home plate

DC Sports Bog

|  Scott Allen










Redskins add punter Tress Way

The Insider

|  Mike Jones










Discuss: Nats-Dbacks

Nationals Journal

|  James Wagner










National




In National


Energy 
				& Environment


Health &
				Science
			


Education
			


National Security
			


Investigations


Innovations
			


Know More
			


Religion
			


On Giving
			


Corrections








Blogs & Columns







Interview with Research Magazine about “Consumer Credit and the American Economy”

Volokh Conspiracy

|  Todd Zywicki









Amidst unrest, Ferguson-area students given early move-in option at Southeast Missouri State University

Post Nation

|  Sarah Larimer










St. Louis County police report 155 arrests since Michael Brown was killed

Post Nation

|  Wesley Lowery










On social media Claire McCaskill takes the lead in Ferguson

She The People

|  Julia Carpenter










Police officer suspended for pointing rifle at protesters, threatening them

Post Nation

|  Mark Berman










World




In World


Africa
			


The
				Americas


Asia &
				Pacific
			


Europe
			


Middle East
			


National Security
			


Columns & Blogs








Blogs & Columns







U.N.: Iraq crisis most rapidly intensifying humanitarian disaster in recent memory

WorldViews

|  Swati Sharma









More airstrikes in Iraq announced following James Foley execution

Checkpoint

|  Dan Lamothe









Germany has its own spying scandals, but don’t expect Berlin to forgive the NSA

WorldViews

|  Rick Noack










Journalist held captive by Islamic State went missing in Syria

Checkpoint

|  Dan Lamothe










Business




In Business



				Economy
			


Industries


Markets


Policy
				&
				Regulation


Know More
			


Storyline
            


World
				Business


Capital Business


On Leadership
			


On Small Business
			


On I.T.
			








Blogs & Columns







Happy birthday; here’s your Social Security statement

The Color of Money

|  Michelle Singletary










Worse than the 1930s: Europe’s recession is really a depression

Wonkblog

|  Matt O'Brien










Capt. Ron Johnson’s leadership challenge in Ferguson

On Leadership

|  Jena McGregor










Metro picks developer for Brookland property

Digger

|  Jonathan O'Connell










Tech




In Technology


Innovation
			


The Switch
			








Blogs & Columns







Will all cops soon wear body cameras? Companies like Taser are counting on it.

The Switch

|  Hayley Tsukayama










As Ferguson protests continue, St. Louis County reports a huge surge in arrests

The Switch

|  Brian Fung










This auto finance company’s ‘flawed computer system’ may have hurt thousands of people’s credit scores

The Switch

|  Andrea Peterson










Lifestyle




In Lifestyle


Advice
			


Carolyn Hax
			


Food
			


Express
			


Home & Garden
			


Style
			


Travel
			


Weddings
			


Wellness
			


Magazine
			


KidsPost
			


On Parenting
			








Blogs & Columns







Cincinnati Archdiocese freezes Catholic school donations to ‘ice bucket challenge’ charity

The Style Blog

|  Abby Ohlheiser









Names & Faces: Billy Crystal, Robin Williams, Jill Duggar and Emma Stone 

The Reliable Source

|  Winyan Soo Hoo









Study: Colds may temporarily raise stroke risk in children

To Your Health

|  Fredrick Kunkle










This is what happens when you try to ‘ban misogyny’ on a major Web site

The Intersect

|  Caitlin Dewey














Entertainment




In Entertainment


Books


Comics
			


Going Out Guide


Horoscopes
			


Movies


Museums
			


Music
			


Puzzles & Games
			


Theater &
				Dance


TV
			








Blogs & Columns







ROBIN WILLIAMS TRIBUTE: All this week, ‘Candorville’s’ Darrin Bell movingly reflects on what the legend meant to us

Comic Riffs

|  Michael Cavna










Nightlife Agenda: Retro dance parties, a Vegas DJ and dog days of summer

Going Out Guide

|  Fritz Hahn and Rhome Anderson










Jobs




In Jobs







More




Classifieds
Cars
Deals
Real Estate
Rentals
Photos
Blogs




Discussions
Find&Save
Obituaries
Archives
Topics
WP Wine Club
WP BrandConnect
Public Relations

















Capital Weather Gang
The inside scoop on weather in the D.C. area and beyond




Weather »



Traffic »











   

















 



AboutMeet the GangContactWeather WallForecastsPM Update: Storms pull away; another round possible on ThursdayD.C. area forecast: Not hot, but kind of humid. Storms later today?PM Update: Likely dry tonight; Chance of rain Wednesday afternoon and eveningD.C. area forecast: Some humidity, clouds, shower chances through the work weekPM Update: Showers possible overnight, and again on TuesdayView all 
Archives




































More 











Astounding, record-smashing rainfall swamps Long Island; 11 inches in 3 hours 





        By Jason Samenow 




August 13 at 1:38 pm

















More 











Comments




Doppler estimated rainfall shows extreme totals over Long Island (National Weather Service)
In  just a few hours this morning, Long Island witnessed a jaw-dropping downpour unprecedented in New York state history.  Islip logged 13.26 inches of rain from the event, the greatest amount of rain to fall within 24 hours in a single storm in New York weather records.
Here’s NWS stmt on NY prcp record set in Islip this AM: 13.26″ in < 12 hrs, all without hurricane/TS involved pic.twitter.com/YdDh9J7FaK— Bob Henson (@bhensonweather) August 13, 2014

Incredibly, over 11 inches (11.19″) of rain fell in three hours, between 5 and 8 a.m.  About 10 inches (9.81″) of rain fell in 2 hours,  a phenomenal quantity of water in such a short time.  No hurricane or tropical storm to affect New York State has produced such an output.
As Mashable’s Andrew Freedman put it: An entire summer’s worth of rain fell on New York in just a few hours
Consider, too, Islip almost received about as much rain in three hours as downtown Los Angeles did in all of 2012 and 2013 combined (11.75″).
Cliff Mass, a meteorology professor at the University of Washington, who happened to be on Long Island this morning, shared this eyewitness account:
Moses would have been impressed…it was pouring outside…in a way we rarely see in Seattle.  No lightning.  Water was jetting off the roofs of nearby buildings.  I even heard a frog in the distance…perhaps the next plague was in preparation.  I put out my walking staff to stop it, but to no avail.

Flash Floods overwhelm parts of Sunrise Highway in and around the Islip area, via WeatherGone wild on YouTube
This exceptional rainfall originated from the same weather system that flooded parts of Detroit and Baltimore.  The event unfolded as a plume of deep tropical moisture surged ahead of a slow moving-cold front in the eastern U.S.
Related: Water, water everywhere: The anatomy of Tuesday’s flash flooding event (Baltimore) | Record-breaking rain floods Detroit metro, shuts down interstates
After this moisture-enriched plume doused the Washington and Baltimore area, it surged north.  As the tropical air streaming in from the southeast clashed with chillier, marine air feeding in from the northeast, a coastal front formed – where moisture converged.  Heavy rain fell not only in Long Island, but also in coastal New Jersey and Connecticut.
A few cherry picked daily rainfall numbers from the Northeast @ABC7News @EileenABC7 pic.twitter.com/0JeTXAjLAe— Alex Liggitt (@alexliggitt) August 13, 2014

“The radar evolution of this storm is nothing short of amazing,” says Jeff Halverson, Capital Weather Gang’s severe weather expert. “The heavy rain band was extremely narrow, and its entire length passed over this single location, Islip, Long Island, over several hours.  When we think of echo training, this literally WAS the proverbial “rain train” perfectly rendered by Nature!”
Radar loop showing extreme rainfall moving over Long Island between 2:30 and 8:30 a.m. August 13 (Weather Underground)
Mashable’s Andrew Freedman wrote Wednesday how these type of exceptional rainfall events fit a global warming pattern.  Historical weather records show such heavy rain events already increasing.
(National Climate Assessment, 2014)
Greg Carbin, the warning coordination meteorologist at the National Weather Service Storm Prediction Center, discovered the amount of moisture measured in the atmosphere at Wallops Island, Virginia Tuesday evening – which streamed towards New York overnight – ranked in the 99th percentile.  He examined the metric known as “precipitable water” which “was within the top 20 values on record.”  Of the precipitable water extremes since records began in 1963, “almost all are in the 1990s and 2000s”, Carbin said.
Climate change is not the only risk multiplier when it comes to flash flood situations. Marshall Shepherd, chair of atmospheric sciences at the University of Georgia, notes urbanization plays a major role in the impact of recent flooding events.
As I watch breathtaking flooding in Boulder, Pensacola, Detroit, Baltimore, and Long Island, a rather simple equation comes to mind.
Urban Flooding = Increase in intensity of top 1% rain events + expanding urban impervious land cover + storm water management engineered for rainstorms of “last century”
A take home message here is that extreme urban flooding is increasing – so it should not come as surprise and we need to adapt urban infrastructure to be better prepared and more resilient.
Forecasts for flash flooding must also improve. Whereas meteorologists can generally identify pattern setups conducive to flash flooding, we face difficulties identifying the specific location of the actual events until they are already underway in many instances.
Photos from Long Island, via Twitter
Unbelievable scene still here on Sunrise Highway at 111 @reedtimmerTVN @JimCantore @twcMariaLaRosa @StephanieAbrams pic.twitter.com/WmwNxKIurZ— WeatherGoneWILD (@WeatherGoneWild) August 13, 2014

Unbelievable pic.twitter.com/upyDhjioVQ— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) August 13, 2014

Storms caused flooding throughout the tri-state including here, on the Southern State Pkwy http://t.co/6TS8UP4XVD pic.twitter.com/WO4BF57mzG— NBC New York (@NBCNewYork) August 13, 2014

Another shot shared by @caitycoswilliams on Sunrise Highway! #TurnAroundDontDrown Be careful #longisland!! #flooding pic.twitter.com/Ot0q7s7ty7— GeoTraffic NYC (@GeoTrafficNYC) August 13, 2014

@dasGoodLife: @weatherchannel @News12LI @Newsday #flooding on Long Island. Exit 44 Sunrise Hwy shut down near #Islip pic.twitter.com/FYCqgE1brZ— Bill Walters (@dasGoodLife) August 13, 2014

Troop L - This is what it looks like in several parts of Nassau and Suffolk Counties this morning. pic.twitter.com/XkFRtnO4MP— NewYorkStatePolice (@nyspolice) August 13, 2014

#Stormwatch In Bay Shore #longisland pic.twitter.com/EFEfh16MYW— Anik Solaris (@AnikSolaris) August 13, 2014





Jason Samenow is the Capital Weather Gang's chief meteorologist and serves as the Washington Post's Weather Editor.  He earned BA and MS degrees in atmospheric science  from the University of Virginia and University of Wisconsin-Madison.



		« Torrential rain gives way to rainbows and pileus clouds (PHOTOS) California on path to warmest year on record, by far »	









Also on Capital Weather Gang
Torrential rain gives way to rainbows and pileus clouds (PHOTOS)





 











         
Most Read



1

I'm a cop. If you don't want to get hurt, don't challenge me.





2

Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson is not a gang member. He's just a Kappa.





3

Mike Carey, longtime NFL referee, avoided Washington's games because of the name





4

The simple policy that led America's biggest drop in teen pregnancies





5

Obama denounces killing of journalist James Foley and pledges 'justice'






  








Radar





Enlarge & Animate


Weather Underground Radar


DC Webcam





At a glanceGo to CWG's Full Forecast

Forecast by National Weather Service



Right nowGo to CWG's Weather Wall


National Airport



Dulles Airport



BWI Airport








Heat tracker

16

Number of
90-degree days
year-to-date



Yearly average: 36
Record most: 67 (1980,2010)
Record fewest: 7 (1886,1905)
Last year: 35 
More info >>

 



















