Sandy Hook Elementary shooting: What happened?SET EDITION: U.S.INTERNATIONALMXICOARABICTV: CNNCNNiCNN en EspaolHLNSign upLog inHomeTV & VideoCNN TrendsU.S.WorldPoliticsJusticeEntertainmentTechHealthLivingTravelOpinioniReportMoneySportsTweetSandy Hook shooting: What happened?Twenty-six people -- 20 students and six adults -- were shot and killed at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut on December 14. Details continue to emerge about what precisely happened. Below is a timeline of events that compiles the latest reporting. Full coverage  Early 12/14After 9:00 a.m.About 9:30 a.m.9:50 a.m.Before events at the schoolAt some point before he went to the school, investigators believe Adam Lanza, 20 (right) killed his mother, Nancy Lanza. He then took her guns and made his way to the elementary school wearing black fatigues and a military vest, according to a law enforcement official.After 9:00 a.m.Classes were under way at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut. Approximately 700 students were present at the school.Earlier this year, the school principal, Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung, ordered a new security system installed that requires visitors to be visibly identified and buzzed in. As part of the security system, the school locked its doors each day at 9:30 a.m.It is not clear whether the suspect, Adam Lanza, 20, entered the school before or after 9:30 a.m.Lanza forced his way into the school, law enforcement officials said. It is unclear how or whether Lanza used weapons to do it.A graphic depicting the site of the shooting. (CNN)About 9:30 a.m.At about 9:30 a.m., as announcements were read over the loudspeaker to the students, shots rang out. Students described being ushered into bathrooms and closets by teachers after hearing the first shots.One parent who was at the school in a meeting with Hochsprung, the school's psychologist, Mary Sherlach, and the vice principal said she heard a "pop, pop, pop."All three left the room and went into the hall to see what was happening. The parent ducked under the table and called 911. "I cowered," the parent told CNN. The gunman "must have shot a hundred rounds."All three -- the principal, vice principal and the school psychologist -- were shot by the gunman. Hochsprung and Sherlach died at the scene. The vice principal was wounded. Next, Lanza shot up two classrooms of kindergartners and first-graders, police said. Twenty students ages 6 and 7 were killed. Four other adults were also killed. At the police station, dispatchers began to take calls from inside the school. Authorities say the first emergency call about the shooting came in at "approximately" 9:30 a.m."Sandy Hook school. Caller is indicating she thinks someone is shooting in the building," a dispatcher told fire and medical personnel, according to 911 tapes.9:50 a.m.Police and other first responders arrived on scene. By this time, police say the gunman was dead, though the exact timing is unclear. Police report that no law enforcement officers discharged their weapons at any point. The gunman likely took his own life, police said.Authorities found three guns next to Lanza's body in one of the classrooms, a law enforcement source told CNN. All three -- a semi-automatic .223-caliber rifle made by Bushmaster and two pistols made by Glock and Sig Sauer -- were owned by Lanza's mother, a source told CNN.The above weapons are similar to the ones found with the suspect: A Bushmaster rifle, a Glock handgun, and a Sig-Sauer handgun.Investigators know which one Lanza used to kill himself but are not yet revealing that information.Police secured the building, ensuring no other shooters were on site. Police then escorted students and faculty out of the building to a nearby firehouse. As reports of the shooting made their way around town, frantic parents descended on the firehouse where the children had been taken.By nightfall, the firehouse became a gathering point for parents and family members whose loved ones would never walk out of the school.Source: CNNHome | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | SportsTools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts  | CNN shop | Site mapCNN en ESPAOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion |  |  |  | CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help