20 children among dead in Conn. school shooting | HamptonRoads.com | PilotOnline.com56 forecastThe Virginian-PilotePilotSubscriptionsAdvertisingPilot StoreBuyPhotographsSeries reprintsBooksKeepsakesBest of Hampton RoadsDistinction subscriptionsMerchandiseApparelMoreGet in touchAdvertise in printAdvertise onlineContact usNewsroom staff Pilot media careersEtc.Archives searchJoy FundNewspapers in EducationUser panelLog inSign up MarketplaceDealsSearch LocalShoppingCouponsClassifiedsJobsAutosHomesRentalsLegalsNewsTop storyMany not surprised by Norfolk's poor report cardTopicsLocal newsUS & World CrimePolitics & ElectionsEducationHealth & MedicinePhotographyVideoDatabasesYour cityChesapeakeNorfolkPortsmouthSuffolkVirginia BeachOpinionTop storyHow many more of us must die? TopicsEditorialsLetters to the editorPollsColumnistsAll columnistsGuest columnists_____Candy HatcherDaryl LeaseDonald LuzzattoKerry DoughertyMichelle WashingtonRoger ChesleyShawn DayVivian J. PaigeBusinessTop storyJPMorgan jumps in on port privatization TopicsLocal businessNational businessBiz Buzz blogBusiness infoStocksLocal stocksBusiness eventsEconomic indicatorsMilitaryTop storySailor guilty of rape on ship, gets life in prisonTopicsMilitary newsAfghanistanIraqJacey EckhartNavy jet crashMilitary lifeMilitary newcomersYour military photosSportsTop storyTransition to FBS takes ODU into uncharted watersTopicsLocal sportsNational sportsHigh schoolsCollege footballODUBlitz.comNSUBlitz.comCollege basketballOutdoorsRedskins & NFLTides & MLBAdmirals & NHLNASCARCommentaryBob MolinaroTom RobinsonSports blogsWeatherTop storyWeather: Partly sunny with highs in the mid 50sForecastConditions & radarWeather newsRegional radarRegional satelliteAlertsHurricanes & StormsYour cityChesapeakeNorfolkPortsmouthSuffolkVirginia BeachMore locationsTrafficTraffic camerasTraffic newsObitsObituary listingsSubmit an obitNews obitsHamptonRoads.comEntertainmentEntertainmentMusic & NightlifeMoviesDiningCelebritiesEventsTelevisionHolidaysMike GrussLifeLivingFoodHealthHome & GardenPetsLorraine EatonMoreCommunityGuidesBest of Hampton RoadsBloggersWeddings & CelebrationsGamesContestsLotteryHome  News  Nation - World 20 children among dead in Conn. school shootingPosted to:  Crime Education Nation - WorldLogin or register to post comments [X]Click a thumbnail to view the full-size image.      Buy Pilot photos here. Loading...Close GalleryVideo: Conn. governor: 'Evil Visited This Community'(The Associated Press)In order to get the best experience with our photo galleries, you must enable JavaScript in your browser.1 of 30 photos: Brenda Hernadez of Enfield Conn., comforts her daughter Crystal at a makeshift shrine on the Enfield Town Green, Friday evening, December 14, 2012, after a candlelight vigil in Enfield, Conn. The vigil was organized by social media in memory of the school shooting victims in Newtown as residents in Enfield, 70 miles from Newtown, and in through out the state, feel the grief of the mass shooting at the Sandy Hook Elementary School Friday morning. (Jim Michaud | Journal Inquirer via The Associated Press)Loading more photos... View all 30 photos | Buy Pilot photosTweetVirginia Gov. Bob McDonnell issued the following statement:It is with a heavy heart and the deepest of sympathies that I learned earlier today of the horrific shooting in Newtown, Connecticut. My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those impacted by the events transpiring today, and to the teachers, emergency responders, and all others touched by this tragedy. Unfortunately, Virginia has our own painful memories of the tragic shootings at Virginia Tech in 2007. Those memories will never fade, and we continue to grieve for all those lost on that April day. We are all too aware of the impact that events like this can have on a community. If there is anything Virginia can do to assist Governor Malloy and the citizens of Connecticut, we stand ready to do so. RelatedSchool shooting: How to help your child to cope - Dec. 15Local schools review safety plans  - Dec. 15Tearful Obama calls for action after shooting - Dec. 14Va. gov invokes Tech slayings, offers his prayers - Dec. 14Connecticut shooting suspect was honors student - Dec. 14Gun control debate revived after Conn. shooting - Dec. 14By John Christoffersen The Associated Press December 15, 2012 NEWTOWN, Conn.A man killed his mother at their home and then opened fire Friday inside an elementary school, massacring 26 people, including 20 children, as youngsters cowered in fear to the sound of gunshots reverberating through the building and screams echoing over the intercom.The 20-year-old killer, carrying at least two handguns, committed suicide at the school, bringing the death toll to 28, authorities said.The rampage, coming less than two weeks before Christmas, was the nation's second-deadliest school shooting, exceeded only by the Virginia Tech massacre that claimed 33 lives in 2007."Our hearts are broken today," a tearful President Barack Obama, struggling to maintain his composure, said at the White House. He called for "meaningful action" to prevent such shootings, saying, "As a country, we have been through this too many times."Police shed no light on the motive for the attack. The gunman, Adam Lanza, was believed to suffer from a personality disorder and lived with his mother, said a law enforcement official who was briefed on the investigation but was not authorized to discuss it.Panicked parents looking for their children raced to Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, a prosperous New England community of about 27,000 people 60 miles northeast of New York City. Police told youngsters at the kindergarten-through-fourth-grade school to close their eyes as they were led from the building so that they wouldn't see the blood and broken glass.Schoolchildren  some crying, others looking frightened  were escorted through a parking lot in a line, hands on each other's shoulders.Law enforcement officials speaking on condition of anonymity said that Lanza killed his mother, Nancy Lanza, then drove to the school in her car with at least three guns, including a high-powered rifle that he apparently left in the back of the vehicle, and shot up two classrooms around 9:30 a.m.A custodian ran through the halls, warning of a gunman on the loose, and someone switched on the intercom, alerting people in the building to the attack  and perhaps saving many lives  by letting them hear the hysteria going on in the school office, a teacher said. Teachers locked their doors and ordered children to huddle in a corner or hide in closets as shots echoed through the building.Authorities gave no details on exactly how the attack unfolded, but police radio traffic indicated the shooting lasted only a few minutes. State police Lt. Paul Vance said officers arrived instantaneously, immediately entered the school, searched it completely and found Lanza dead.In addition to the 20 children, six adults were killed at the school; the principal was believed to be among the dead. A woman who worked at Sandy Hook Elementary was wounded.A law enforcement official speaking on condition of anonymity said investigators believe Lanza attended the school several years ago but appeared to have no recent connection to the place.At least one parent said Lanza's mother was a substitute teacher there. But her name did not appear on a staff list. And the law enforcement official said investigators were unable to establish any connection so far between her and the school.Lanza's older brother, 24-year-old Ryan, of Hoboken, N.J., was being questioned, but a law enforcement official said he was not believed to have had a role in the rampage. Investigators were searching his computers and phone records, but he told law enforcement he had not been in touch with his brother since about 2010.The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the unfolding investigation.At one point, a law enforcement official mistakenly identified the gunman as Ryan Lanza. Brett Wilshe, a friend of Ryan Lanza's, said Lanza told him the gunman may have had his identification. Ryan Lanza apparently posted Facebook page updates Friday afternoon that read, "It wasn't me" and "I was at work."Robert Licata said his 6-year-old son was in class when the gunman burst in and shot the teacher. "That's when my son grabbed a bunch of his friends and ran out the door," he said. "He was very brave. He waited for his friends."He said the shooter didn't utter a word.Stephen Delgiadice said his 8-year-old daughter heard two big bangs. Teachers told her to get in a corner, he said. "It's alarming, especially in Newtown, Connecticut, which we always thought was the safest place in America," he said. His daughter was uninjured.Theodore Varga was in a meeting with other fourth-grade teachers when he heard the gunfire. He said someone had turned on the intercom so that "you could hear people in the office. You could hear the hysteria that was going on. I think whoever did that saved a lot of people. Everyone in the school was listening to the terror that was transpiring."Also, a custodian ran around, warning people there was someone with a gun, Varga said."He said, 'Guys! Get down! Hide!'" Varga said. "So he was actually a hero." The teacher said he did not know if the custodian survived.Mergim Bajraliu, 17, said he heard the gunshots echo from his home and ran to check on his 9-year-old sister at the school. He said his sister, who was uninjured, heard a scream come over the intercom. He said teachers were shaking and crying as they came out of the building."Everyone was just traumatized," he said.On Friday night, hundreds of people packed a Newtown church and stood outside in a vigil for the victims. People held hands, lit candles and sang "Silent Night" at St. Rose of Lima church. Anthony Bloss, whose three daughters survived the shootings, said they are doing better than he is. "I'm numb. I'm completely numb," he said at the vigil.Mary Pendergast said her 9-year-old nephew was in the school at the time of the shooting but wasn't hurt after his music teacher helped him take cover in a closet.Richard Wilford's 7-year-old son, Richie, told him that he heard a noise that sounded like "cans falling." The boy said a teacher went out to check on the noise, came back in, locked the door and had the children huddle in the corner until police arrived."There's no words," Wilford said. "It's sheer terror, a sense of imminent danger, to get to your child and be there to protect him."On Friday afternoon, family members were led away from a firehouse that was being used as a staging area, some of them weeping. One man, wearing a T-shirt without a jacket, put his arms around a woman as they walked down the middle of the street, oblivious to everything around them. Another woman with tears rolling down her face walked by, carrying a car seat with a baby inside."Evil visited this community today and it's too early to speak of recovery, but each parent, each sibling, each member of the family has to understand that Connecticut  we're all in this together. We'll do whatever we can to overcome this event," Gov. Dannel Malloy said.Adam Lanza and his mother lived in a well-to-do part of Newtown where neighbors are doctors or hold white-collar positions at companies such as General Electric, Pepsi and IBM.At least three guns were found  a Glock and a Sig Sauer, both pistols, inside the school, and a .223-caliber rifle in the back of a car, authorities said. A law enforcement official speaking on condition of anonymity said some of the guns used in the attack may have belonged to Lanza's mother, who had legally bought five weapons.Authorities also recovered three other guns  a Henry repeating rifle, an Enfield rifle and a shotgun. It was not clear exactly where those weapons were found.The shootings instantly brought to mind such tragedies as the Columbine High School massacre that killed 15 in 1999 and the July shootings at a movie theater in Aurora, Colo., that left 12 dead."You go to a movie theater in Aurora and all of a sudden your life is taken," Columbine Principal Frank DeAngelis said. "You're at a shopping mall in Portland, Ore., and your life is taken. This morning, when parents kissed their kids goodbye knowing that they are going to be home to celebrate the holiday season coming up, you don't expect this to happen."He added: "It has to stop, these senseless deaths."Obama's comments on the tragedy amounted to one of the most outwardly emotional moments of his presidency."The majority of those who died were children  beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old," Obama said.He paused for several seconds to keep his composure as he teared up and wiped an eye. Nearby, two aides cried and held hands as they listened to Obama."They had their entire lives ahead of them  birthdays, graduations, wedding, kids of their own," Obama continued about the victims. "Among the fallen were also teachers, men and women who devoted their lives to helping our children."Associated Press writers Jim Fitzgerald and Pat Eaton-Robb in Newtown, Bridget Murphy in Boston, Samantha Henry in Newark, N.J., Pete Yost in Washington and Michael Melia in Hartford contributed to this report, as did the AP News Research Center.Login or register to post commentsCOMMENTS ADVISORY: Users are solely responsible for opinions they post here; comments do not reflect the views of The Virginian-Pilot or its websites. Users must follow agreed-upon rules: Be civil, be clean, be on topic; don't attack private individuals, other users or classes of people. Read the full rules here. - Comments are automatically checked for inappropriate language, but readers might find some comments offensive or inaccurate. If you believe a comment violates our rules, click the report violation link below it.Another sad moment from    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 11:52 am.  Another sad moment from which nothing will be learned. Here comes the standard NRA argument: If those kids had their guns . . . this would have never happened. Yeah, right . . .Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user18 or 33 a  sad moment indeed    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:00 pm.  with practically nothing known of the circumstances, you find it necessary to make political points from a tragedy by putting words in other people's mouths.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user30 or 5 Unfortunately, this is a    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:09 pm.  Unfortunately, this is a common occurrence. Yes, there are still unknowns about this particular incident. But there's a pattern here . . .Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 14 That pattern    Submitted by Don_cos on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:13 pm.  And that pattern is you making false statements and putting words into others mouths that they have never said.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user8 or 1 What's your solution? Please    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:16 pm.  What's your solution? Please be detailed.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 8 solution to what?    Submitted by kinggargantuan on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:48 pm.  The solution to putting words into other people's mouths would be for you to uh... not put words into other people's mouths?  Seems pretty simple to me.  No need to bring up your political views here.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user11 or 3 "Now is not the time to discuss gun control"    Submitted by OnceALocal on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:33 pm.  Out of control gun culture is not a political view.  It's a reality.  Or don't you read the bloody news every bloody week?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 5 oncealocal:  ...that's the classic anti-Second Amendment view...    Submitted by HM on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:46 pm.  ...a criminal act takes the lives of innocent people, then anti-Second Amendment people and groups exploit the tragedy in an effort to deny innocent, law-abiding citizens their Rights.  It won't work.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user7 or 4 the NRA exploits us    Submitted by OnceALocal on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:33 pm.  You have an unalienable right to life, liberty, and happiness.Your interpretation of the 2nd amendment is contrary to these rights, and was not endowed by a Creator.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 5 We hold these truths to be    Submitted by TAS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 8:15 pm.  We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.From the Declaration of Independence No right to happiness but the pursuit of happinessLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 1 Don't change the Constitution     Submitted by phinfand on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 8:02 am.  It says THE PURSUIT OF happinessLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 1 so are drunk drivers    Submitted by THOMASLEE on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:36 pm.  you want to ban cars? of course not, but because of the actions of a few you want to take away law abiding citizens right to own a gun,, but since liberals have painted themselves into a corner by saying "its not your fault' or "your not responsible for anything you did" they cant blame the idiots who are responsible for these tragedies. so they blame the guns.. i wonder if all the death penalty opponents would approve of the death penalty for the gunman who was arrested?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 2 Cars are heavily regulated because they can kill people    Submitted by Chris33 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 1:45 am.  Thanks for pointing that out.Guns should be heavily regulated also.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 2 a pattern?    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:47 pm.  WE don't even know if this is a mass shooting or some other dispute that just happened at a school. There isn't enough information to know if a pattern applies. If any pattern can be discerned from the little we know, it is that mass shootings nearly always occur in 'gun free zones' and never at gun shows or hunting lodges.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user14 or 6 Take it easy    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:14 pm.  Give people more guns, thats a great idea, what would you call it with 27 people dead so far and a shooter?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 12 What would I call it?    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:54 pm.  I don't know what to call this tragedy. I don't know enough about why or how it happened or what could have been done to prevent it, or mitigate it, to propose a solution. Note that I have not said what should be done, I have only cautioned others about proposing solutions absent enough knowledge to do so rationally.Simple solutions that people can rattle off as a one-size-fits-all solution to any shooting incident rarely do any good and often make matters worse. Why aren't people willing to wait for the facts before proposing solutions that can have dire consequences they have not considered?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user9 or 2 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:20 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Racial, ethnic, group attackLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 9 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:48 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Racial, ethnic, group attackLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 3 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:52 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Off topicLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 4 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:32 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Off topicLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 stating the obvious     Submitted by commonsenseguy on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:25 pm.  That's like saying people never get run over and killed by cars in auto dealership sales lots. Still, there is plenty of documentation regarding gun deaths at gun shows.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 7 Documentation?    Submitted by r.r.hall on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:22 pm.  I would like to read that could you supply a link please. I was under the impression that other than the occaisonal accident there were no murders at gunshows in the US.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user8 or 1 Up until now, I have been staunchly against gun control    Submitted by occassionalcomm... on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:23 pm.  But I beleive I am going to have to re-think that.  Really, what kind of "dispute" could an adult have with a room full of kindergarteners?Having the freedom to own guns comes with responsibility, but we sure haven't seen that lately, have we?  In my neighborhood, if kids aren't playing well with their toys, the toys get taken away.  It now seems to be necessary to take the toys away.  Freedom to do as one pleases without intereference from others or from the government is great in theory, but in a world of millions, it might no longer work because we just don't all care about everyone else like we would if we lived in small tribes/groups.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 7 Ah Doc    Submitted by JCB on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:43 pm.  Maybe because the Gun Free Zone has more people at it then hunting lodges or gun shows.Since in most cases the killer ends up dead by his own hand I have a hard time accepting the argument the killer pick a Gun Free Zone for his safety.   They pick the target for other reasons. Sometimes it is just the large crowd.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 8 Maybe    Submitted by MikeR on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:08 pm.  Maybe most of these incidents happen in gun free zones because the crazies figure they can do maximum ammount of damage before they get caught or off themselves.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 0 We do know it is a mass    Submitted by elizabeths78096 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 9:04 pm.  We do know it is a mass shooting.  After killing his mother (a teacher at this school), the gunman went to the school and killed 20 children and 6 adults.  The guns were legally purchased by, and registered to, his mother.Rather than fussing over gun control, it might be better to have a discussion about the need for better mental health treatment.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user7 or 0 I agree    Submitted by 895000 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 7:35 am.  To too many people mental illness is deemed to be a character deficiency of the afflicted person and too often blamed on the family of the mentally ill person.Humans rarely go postal and when they do it is usually out of character and without warning.  Effective gun control is never going to happen. A ban on guns would be no more effective that Prohibition. Yes, criminals do have guns. Mostly owned illegally.  But laws to disarm criminals don't work.  Legally armed citizens form the best and most effective defense against a foreign invasion.  Disarming responsible and expert gun owners would make the country vulnerable.No, I do not own a gun.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 A tragic senseless loss...    Submitted by fparker on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:19 pm.  My heart, my thoughts and prayers go out to all the inconsolable family members who just lost an elementary school age child, or another adult family member due to this tragedy. And to all the other children, teachers and faculty who were traumatized by the events today.This was obviously done by a very sick individual who is also dead.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user7 or 0 It is most important to make political points....    Submitted by Chris33 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:18 pm.  .....when people die because of our politics.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 5 Dr Tabor    Submitted by paulmmurphy on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:52 pm.  We know emough already to know that it is yet another senseless tragedy that is INHERENT in the gun culture which people like you cherish, encourage and support.  Of course, as NRA dittoheads always say ... Now is not the time to talk about sensible Constitutional measures that might reduce future carnage. Just like you said after Columbine and after Aurora and after Gabby Gifford and after Trevon Martin and after every other senseless gun tragedy. You are, excuse the expression, dead wrong. NOW is the time for leaders to speak up, face down the NRA and their political money and take steps to reduce these senseless tragedies.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 4 We disagree, that doesn't make either of us evil    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:23 pm.  I have grandchildren I love more than life. If I thought they were safer if I gave up my firearms, I'd turn them in tomorrow. But everything I see in history, politics, economics and human nature tells me they are safer if I, and other citizens, are well armed, as a deterrent to criminals and despots, and, as a last resort, to stand between them and those grandchildren. We see the world differently, but I don't doubt you mean well.But I see your trust in government as dangerously naive, and I place my trust in my fellow citizens instead. If we decide to do things your way, there is no going back. Once we disarm, we cannot regain our sovereignty. So, I will cling to my firearms, until they are pried from my cold dead hands.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user6 or 2 Dr Tabor - Those  who put    Submitted by paulmmurphy on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 10:16 am.  blocking Constitutional gun regulations and especailly protecting anonymous gun ownership ahead of the safety of other people may not be "evil" but they are missing something as if often evidenced by asinine and juvenile blather about looming despots being a reason to not take effective steps to rein in the carnage. These 20 children are big news today, but the truth is we sacrifice innocents every single day to the inordinate and selfish love of guns and our total lack of their being "well regulated". Shame on the NRA and everybody who backs their gun extremism. They all have blood on their hands - again.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Sure, say nothing, and do    Submitted by newpanther on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:56 pm.  Sure, say nothing, and do nothing so nothing will happen. Just the same tired rhetoric about "prayers and sadness".Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 4 yeah right    Submitted by just sayin on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:02 pm.  Some liberal lawyer got him off on a domestic violence charge or the charges could not be pressed and this is the end result.... Sad, made me sick to my stomach.Gun laws have NOTHING to do with this issue....  I sure our messed up legal system missed this sicko... Thoughts and prayers out to all the families.  These kids will be scared for life.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 3 Ahh    Submitted by JCB on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:47 pm.  'Some liberal lawyer got him off on a domestic violence charge'. Other then not liking lawyers do you have any grounds for this statement?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 3 You add to another sad moment    Submitted by OldNavyChief on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:44 pm.  This is a heartless and clueless comment that misses the mark!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:59 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Personal attack, name callingLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 I'm glad I legally own my gun, and can legallyprotect my family!    Submitted by sceason on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:52 pm.  It's too bad that people immediately jump to the gun as the problem, rather than the idiots that used the gun.Anyone ever think about stressing the principle of teaching responsibility in hopes of having the next gen. take "responsibility" for one's actions? There are so many guns in society that banning them will certainly disarm me (as a law abiding citizen), but not the perps who can easily obtain them.  I say punish those who harm others, and not by making life sentences really 7 years, etc. An eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth. I'm glad I can legally own, carry, and protect my family, as can my wife who is trained and carries too!  My heart felt prayers are with all those affected by this tradegy. May God bless you all all and heal our heartLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user6 or 1 Save tousands of lives    Submitted by Sherlock Bones on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:00 pm.  Ban cars.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Such a dumb argument    Submitted by katys60131 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:19 pm.  The primary function of a car is for transportation.  The only function for a gun is to kill.  Get the difference?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 6 Right back at you slick    Submitted by Sherlock Bones on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:08 pm.  Guns are for protection against psychotics. You're dumb if you think this happens where guns are. The shooter always picks a place where he knows no one is armed. Get the difference?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 0 The ONLY..    Submitted by NSWGovGuy on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:57 pm.  function my gun has is for DEFENSE.....of me and my family, but I really dont think now is the time for that debate, its a time for mourning and of sending sympathy for the little angels and for the living, who have to live with tomorrow...Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Not the time for a debate about gun control.    Submitted by cnicholas on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:08 pm.  There are more than 1000 gun control laws on our books. Evil killed these innocent adults and children today. Pure evil. Until we as a nation and a world understand that this is a moral issue, these will continue to happen - if not with guns, with other weapons. This is an illness of the heart. We have not kept God's commandments. We have turned our backs on Him and used free will to reject Him. That allows EVIL to corrupt us. We mourn with the parents, siblings and friends of all the victims, in Connecticut and around the world. God bless those who have been left behind. We know that God has accepted the innocent into His kingdom!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Nonsense.An all-powerful    Submitted by Glen Bowman on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 8:05 pm.  Nonsense.An all-powerful god could have stopped the bullets in their tracks before they ripped through the bodies of said innocent children, or could have had the gun not work, or could have done any number of miraculous acts.And those children would be alive tonight.But God does not care about those children.Of course that assumes that God exists.  Which is almost certainly not the case, since there is no evidence for God's existence.If God exists, then God is either not all powerful or is immoral.  Just like us.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 4 Not the time for a debate about gun control.    Submitted by cnicholas on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:08 pm.  There are more than 1000 gun control laws on our books. Evil killed these innocent adults and children today. Pure evil. Until we as a nation and a world understand that this is a moral issue, these will continue to happen - if not with guns, with other weapons. This is an illness of the heart. We have not kept God's commandments. We have turned our backs on Him and used free will to reject Him. That allows EVIL to corrupt us. We mourn with the parents, siblings and friends of all the victims, in Connecticut and around the world. God bless those who have been left behind. We know that God has accepted the innocent into His kingdom!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 wha...???    Submitted by ricke69229 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:01 pm.  Sooo the tired old argument if we simply pass a law all the bad guys comply and we have no crime? Kinda like if we make only the rich pay taxes or redistribute, everyone would be well off, or governemtn run health care will be so perfect and actually free? This incident means nothgin more than the guy was a kook. Has nothing to do with an inanimate gun. Lord forbid the guy made a pipe pbomb off the internet and killed more and severely mamed others nearby. Enuff of the utopian philosophical malarkey. Stop being a sqealing Lamb.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user13 or 7 It's not an "old tired    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:15 pm.  It's not an "old tired argument" when these random mass murders happen routinely. It used to be called "going postal" . . . back when it was just post offices. Now it happens in malls, movie theaters, offices . . . elementary schools. This is an act of terrorism, which in any other context we would do something about. But since it involves handguns . . . well, there's nothing we can do.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user6 or 11 Clearly, the article is a hoax    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:42 pm.  If passing laws is the solution to these tragedies, then the article we are replying to must be untrue, as elementary schools are 'gun free zones' by law and thus a shooting there cannot have occurred there. We don't know enough about what happened there yet to comment on what might have prevented the tragedy, but we do know that laws forbidding guns in schools do not prevent shootings in schools. And no, that does not mean arming 8 year olds, it just means that criminals and crazies ignore laws, and simply passing laws might make you feel like you have done something, but reality tells us that at best you have done no good and you may have made things worse.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user14 or 3 and    Submitted by kinggargantuan on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:51 pm.  There are children in a hospital in China because a crazed man attacked them, in their school, with a knife.  But, since it involves knives, nothing can be done.  Ban all knives.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user7 or 4 What is even worse    Submitted by arnative on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 10:24 pm.  This isn't the first time that happened.This is from today: http://news.msn.com/world/22-kids-1-adult-hurt-in-china-school-knife-attack. Note where in the article it references 3 previous similar attacks, including this from 2010: http://www.china.org.cn/china/2010-04/29/content_19933304.htm which was the second one in two days.Notice there were NO guns involved, as they are not allowed by Chinese citizens.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Knives ARE Banned    Submitted by patw89488 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 1:42 am.  in a variety of settings, as are forks. To protect people. It's not just jails and prisons or psych facilities. It may be some folks in Grandma's nursing home. A flimsy plastic spork might be turned into a weapon, but the sporker can't kill 26 people before turning it on himself. We don't know how the shooter accessed his mother's guns -- they may have been under lock and key and he discovered where the key was hidden. We ban people from driving who do not pass medical, driving and knowledge tests. A driving license doesn't confer to others, nor should a firearms license. Operating a bus or heavy rig has special requirements. Why not do the same with guns and automatic weapons?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 Blame is not the issue.    Submitted by r.r.hall on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:17 pm.  I can think of a lot of questions to ask and none have to do with making more laws since: Having a gun at a school is illegal, killing people is illegal.My question is how did he get into the school carrying a rifle? At my daughters school you had to be buzzed into the building and report to the office. Many schools have armed guards and police. Did no one see him going to the classroom?For what it is worth if there had been an armed guard or armed teacher there is a possibility some of those poor kids would still be alive.This is a tragedy by someone who obviously had some issues and to kill children is absolutely crazy.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 0 If your child's school works like my child's school....    Submitted by occassionalcomm... on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:33 pm.  ...you could have had a legitimate right to be in that classroom (as an aide, as a parent, as a visitor, etc).  The school could have done everything right and that shooter would still have had access.I don't care what problems this shooter had; I only care that this doesn't happen again.  Passing death penalty or life in prison laws to punish these jackholes is closing the barn door after the horse escaped.  I am re-considering my life-long opposition to gun control; it is time to remove weapons from the streets, ban weapons manfacturing in the USA, ban gun sales, and ban the sale of all gun parts.  Will that solve everything?  No it will not; but it will make it much harder to get a gun.  Gun enthusiasts can find a new hobby.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 9 So    Submitted by Don_cos on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:20 pm.  So you are posing that this guy may have legitimately been in the school with a rifle?  Thats not something you can easily hide.  It would be very noticeable even under a long coat.  I dont buy it.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 so, anonymous    Submitted by ruforreal on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:48 pm.  Did I misread the article, where it said that the killer was the son of the teacher whom he shot? In my school people don't scrutinize the relatives of its workforce because they are used to seeing them. And I guess you haven't noticed the pants that young people wear. They could hide a rifle in them with no problem. And a coat on top. who are you kidding? Maybe you are suggesting a strip search in order to enter any gun free zone?.There are no laws, or punishment that will stop people like this. Most of them kill themselves anyway. It's time to pay more attention to the crazy things that people say. REPORT them to the authorities. Let their families know. We can already see how well not allowing guns helped to protect these innocents,Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 The rifle was not there legitimately, but...    Submitted by occassionalcomm... on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:50 pm.  ...shooter may have been.  All  visitors to my children's school must appear at the front office for an ID check and a visitor pass.  If I popped in Monday morning, I could easily hide that rifle in 3 different locations before I got to the office, get myself a parent pass and then retrieve my weapon.  Can that be prevented?  Yes, it can, with armed officers/metal detectors at the entrance.  You try and get a school budget passed with that kind of expense.  Good luck with that.  Time to ban the guns and prohibit the manufacture, sale, and distribution of them, their components, and the devices to shape home made ammo in the US.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 7 OK    Submitted by arnative on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:01 pm.  "Time to ban the guns and prohibit the manufacture, sale, and distribution of them, their components, and the devices to shape home made ammo in the US."And then we can just sit back and wait for another country to take over the US, or for some President to simply declare martial law and declare himself President-for-life, kind of like Cuba. After all, there would be no one able to stop it from happening.As far as the actual story here, my heart goes out to the families involved. Can we all just agree to be concerned for them for now and wait until ALL of the facts are available BEFORE passing judgement and jumping to conclusions?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 0 Well    Submitted by JCB on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:29 pm.  On May 18th 1927 Andrew Kehoe used a homemade bomb to blow up Bath Consolidated School killing 45 people including himself. He used dynamite and pyrotol. Pyrotol shortly afterwards was removed from the market and dynamite is tightly controlled now.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Bombs    Submitted by Don_cos on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:33 pm.  So Andrew Kehoe managed to kill 45 people at a school and he didnt use a gun?  This simply illustrates that not having a gun will not stop a determined killer.  Pipe bombs are easy to make.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:00 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Off topicLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 4 Well with that logic, why do    Submitted by newpanther on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:16 pm.  Well with that logic, why do we have any laws at all? Why have laws against murder, since we have murders, or laws against rape, even legitimate rapes, because despite those rape laws, women and men are raped everyday. Why have laws against speeding? Does that stop people from speeding? DUI laws, Virginia just increased the penalties in June for DUIs, why, people still drink and drive.So with that twisted logic, why bother havinig laws at all? Let's just have anarchy, we'll be like Somolia. No laws!!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 3 Boringgggg .    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:34 pm.  There's many things to say here: sad, shouldn't have happened and all the other yammerings related to 'Oh, gee, wish people behaved better.' People will never behave all that better it seems, and limiting guns is quite obviously OUT OF THE QUESTION.Since no one wants to deal with the fact that gun injuries and deaths have become everyday occurrences, I say let's just quit giving the 'film at 11:00' and IGNORE all these events. I mean, that is what we end of doing anyway, isn't it; ignoring them once we weep, say how shocked we are and move on the next story? Shocked? Bull. If we were truly shocked something would get done. Too bad, so sad, but nothing gets done ever, so why even report these events any more? Boring.  Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 15 Ok. So we have one solution    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:48 pm.  Ok. So we have one solution offered here: Ignore it. Next!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 3 Unfortunately, Esau . . .    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:00 pm.  Unfortunately, Esau, my ridiculous solution is the ONLY solution that wins out every time. EVERY time. I've read your posts below and I emphatically agree with everything you said, but nothing ever changes. And, it won't now. The same people who routinely shout about their 2nd amendment rights will keep on shouting about them. The NRA will continue to give their same old, same old. And, you & I change NOTHING. Heck - they're saying that as many as 20 CHILDREN have been shot (maybe more), and that the death toll will undoubtedly go up. IF those facts  don't call for some desire from both guns' right people and gun-control people to come together for some major change, nothing I can think of ever will.  Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 10 Do you ever ask yourself why?    Submitted by TxMike77 on Sun,  12/16/2012 at 5:08 am.  Because it is a transparent attempt to advance a political agenda NOT an attempt to solve the problem.  All the time & energy, which could be used addressing the real issue, is wasted on this chimera.  You have admitted that your mind is made up, you have the answer and leave no room for honest debate.  It is your way or the highway and the public chooses the highway under those condition.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Cool! I get the 'thumbs down' award today.     Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:38 pm.  Some conversations render me quite happy with that award. By the way - what would all 14 of you 'thumbs-downers' do to keep this from happening again? I'm sure you have some sure-fire (ha, no pun intended) remedy for keeping guns out of the hands of nut-jobs. Please, please; don't even suggest you'd try for some type of regulations to limit guns in this country. If you do, I'll know you're just joking. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 3 Questions    Submitted by mla on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:50 pm.  "A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."   Which militia unit did the shooter belong to?  Is it a well regulated militia unit?   The answer, at least to the second question, appears to be "no".Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user7 or 5 Short lesson for you.    Submitted by kinggargantuan on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:55 pm.  The Second Amendment has no bearing on gun owner's right to keep and bear arms.Why?  Because even without the Second Amendment, gun owner's rights are still protected by the 5th and 9th amendments.So, quoting the Second and implying that it does NOT apply to gun owners is a irrelevant.No, I'm not a gun owner.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 4 kinggargantuan    Submitted by Mr. Wizard on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:30 pm.  The fifth amendment deals with the Grand Jury, Double Jeopardy, Self Incrimination, Due Process and the Takings clause.  It does not deal with gun owners rights.The ninth amendment addresses a "great residuum" of rights that have not been "thrown into the hands of the government," as James Madison said.Nicolas Johnson is wrong when he asserts the ninth deals with gun owners rights.By the way, I'm a believer in the Lockean theory or 'standard method' of the law, not the classical republican view.It's the second amendment that addresses the legal status of bearing arms in this country.Yes, I'm a multiple gun owner.My prayers go out to those in this tragedy.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 well    Submitted by kinggargantuan on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:25 pm.  my mistake.  I meant 4th and 9th, not 5th and 9th.The 9th amendment does not deal with gun owner's rights specifically but allows people rights that are not explicitly mentioned in the other amendments.basically, even though it is not written that you have the right to punch a tree, you can still do so because it is your right.  Not as enumerated but the 9th allows for rights other than those enumerated.4th protects against unlawful search and seizure.  cannot seize guns "just because".Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 0 You are trying to turn the true meaning of the Amendment    Submitted by TxMike77 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 8:01 am.  around.  Like many people who support gun control or abolishing the Second amendment you argue that the gun owner must be a member of a 'well-regulated militia' in order to be allowed to have a gun.  That is the EXACT opposite of the meaning of the Amendment.  In order for the 'well-regulated militia' to exist the average citizen must be guaranteed the right to own a firearm.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 12:51 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Post continued, repeatedLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 The real tragedy    Submitted by emcsquared on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:04 pm.  Is the horror that these students and faculty had to face, and the injuries and deaths that incurred. The pattern I see forming is that these coward would be perpetrators always attack gun free zones or gun safe zones as they are called. Plain and simple, they want no resistance, and usually flee or get killed themselves when confronted. Surely someone, a pinicipal, office manager, etc., should be credible enough to obtain permitting and have a gun for some means of protection on hand. In Virginia, it is a felony to possess a firearm within 1000' of school property. These people could care less about any laws that are in place. It is the law abiding cictizen that loses with stricter gun control. My thoughts and prayers go out to them.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user11 or 4 26 dead, so far.    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:08 pm.  Gee, if we juuuust had more guns on the scene it might have only been 10 or 12 dead. Well, that number IS more manageable I suppose.Yeah. More guns is what we need. What a hoot some of you people are. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user6 or 13 actually    Submitted by kinggargantuan on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:18 pm.  If you look into cities that have mandatory gun ownership legislation, you will see that their crime rates are much lower than the national average, sometimes as much as 50 percent lower.  That's not saying that everyone WILL own and carry a gun but I imagine just thinking that everyone around you is, by law, supposed to carry and/or own a gun, would be enough to reduce the occurences of this kind of tragedy.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 3 ?    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:21 pm.  Where in the US do they have mandatory gun ownership legislation?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 Kennesaw, Georgia    Submitted by telleroftruth on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:13 pm.  Kennesaw, GeorgiaLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 ?    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:08 pm.  So you have to own a gun there?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 Yes    Submitted by Don_cos on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:46 pm.  YesLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 [Sec 34-21][18]    Submitted by telleroftruth on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:08 pm.  In 1982 the city passed an ordinance [Sec 34-21][18](a) In order to provide for the emergency management of the city, and further in order to provide for and protect the safety, security and general welfare of the city and its inhabitants, every head of household residing in the city limits is required to maintain a firearm, together with ammunition therefore. (b)Exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who suffer a physical or mental disability which would prohibit them from using such a firearm. Further exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who are paupers or who conscientiously oppose maintaining firearms as a result of beliefs or religious doctrine, or persons convicted of a feloLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 There's a whole lot of people posting today    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:32 pm.  There's a whole lot of people posting today who might find that city quite appealing. Go for it. Ha. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 There is no penalty for    Submitted by lakewood1923 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:48 pm.  There is no penalty for non-compliance. "Voluntary compliance" is encouraged. Hence, its constitutionality has never been challenged.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 You are speaking of correlation,..    Submitted by occassionalcomm... on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:37 pm.  ...not cause and effect.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 4 Difference?    Submitted by r.r.hall on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:30 pm.  It may make a big difference to the 15 or so that lived and would otherwise be dead. I can see your mind is made up on this and you would rather blame the gun than the person who used it to kill children. That is like blaming the penis for rape, or a car for running over someone. The problem is the people and their attitudes towards life and their "entitlement" to get what they want even if it means killing children.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user6 or 0 Did you    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:08 pm.  Know the UK banned handguns after a school shooting there?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 You are right about the UK and for years they have had    Submitted by paulmmurphy on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:14 pm.  a gun death rate that is approximately 2% of ours. In the last 30 years we have scarificed over 1 million lives on the altar of unfettered gun ownership. And yet in the UK shooting and hunting are still avaiable to actual LAW ABIDING citizens - they just can't skulk around anonymously with their guns.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 Paul, what was the rate    Submitted by TxMike77 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 7:52 am.  before?  What has happened to the overall murder rate?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Yes, my mind is made up.    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:30 pm.  The person who decides to go on a killing spree is ENABLED to kill many, many people by getting hold of a gun. You can blame penises and cars all you like, but those scenarios have little to do with senseless killings like this. It did probably sound good to you, though, when you wrote that sentence. ha.Anyone could decide to pull off a horror like today; but, without guns that can be used to kill many people in a matter of moments, fewer people would most likely die. What's your answer for finding these mentally unstable people and removing their guns from them? It's hard to do, since anyone can GO OFF in a moment and decide to pull this off. Without a gun, though, they'd kill less people before being taken down by others. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 5 Bologna    Submitted by TxMike77 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 7:00 am.  The only thing that ENABLES anyone one to do anything is their own mind.  His own twisted mind ENABLED him to kill large numbers of people.  If his own twisted mind want to kill large numbers of people and guns weren't available what would have happened???   See, that is the flaw in your argument.  You think the GUN, an inanimate object, ENABLED him to do something.  It did not and cannot.  The ENABLER was his own twisted mind.  It is just as likely that, had guns not been available, that his twisted mind would have looked for an even MORE destructive method of doing what his twisted mind had ENABLED him to do.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 So, your issue is the number    Submitted by prowlernfo on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 9:15 am.  So, your issue is the number of people killed and not the fact they were killed?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 Many schools have police    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:37 pm.  Many schools have police officers on the premises full time. It's not "gun free zones" that are the issue, but unlimited access to guns . . . all types of guns, including semi-automatics . . . that is the issue. All I'm asking is, what can be done about it? We can't simply do nothing.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 Let's     Submitted by jld30182 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:14 pm.  leave the more guns.. less guns out of this and any more political comments for now and pray for the victims of this horrendous crime by an evil evil person.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user9 or 0 thanks    Submitted by kinggargantuan on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:20 pm.  I apologize.  I got caught up in the argument because I actually just finished a research paper on this topic.Truthfully I would rather be thinking about anything else than those poor children since my son is not much older than them.  He looks a lot like one of the kids in line in that picture.  :(Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those children and their families.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Pray all you like, it's helped so much    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:23 pm.  Pray all you like, it's helped so much with senseless deaths, thus far.It's time for serious discussion, but that won't happen, so might as well change the channel and go watch Giada cook a new dish. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 9 Wow..... would you be    Submitted by nancyp on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:27 pm.  Wow..... would you be feeling this way if was your child's, or grandchild's, school? So sympathetic.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Oh, get real.    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:22 pm.  I would hardly be speaking to relatives or friends of victims this way, and you, hopefully, are smart enough to recognize that. Of course I'm sympathetic to the loss of these children, and the unimaginable pain their parents are feeling. That's why I'm so completely angry today. We simply ignore them once a few days go by. The point of my post you responded to is that I might as well go watch a cooking show than to wear myself out trying to figure why this buy murdered children, or anyone for that matter. Sadly, it's time well wasted to hope something will change that could take guns out of hands of people who have gone nuts. Might as well go watch Giada or Rachel or Ina and find a new recipe that will help my family.  Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 Point taken    Submitted by mla on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:36 pm.  I should not have been so flippant in my earlier comment.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 The US    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:19 pm.  Needs to have a serious discussion about the mental health of its citizens and the alarming rate of gun violence.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 0 Missing the point    Submitted by Bubb1014 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:19 pm.  I think alot of people posting are missing the point of this horrible situation.  We should be thinking about the families that lost thier children during this time.  Now instead of planning for the holidays, they have to plan for a funeral.  We need to focus on that and not gun control.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user10 or 2 Thank you!!! My sentiments    Submitted by nancyp on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:22 pm.  Thank you!!! My sentiments exactly!!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Never the right time    Submitted by A Markowitz on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:56 pm.  to talk about the obvious. Seems like we have someone going nuts and shooting schools, malls, relatives . . . on a regular basis. Something has to be done and that something has to do with easy access to guns.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 4 Illegal    Submitted by stevek1949 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:19 pm.  While we are at it, lets make meth illegal. And cocain and heroin. If we make them illegal, they should go away, right? That takes care of that problem.While we are making things illegal, how about drunk driving, bank robberies and car theft. Can we see a pattern here?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 1 I agree with you also but    Submitted by Rickster1961 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:30 pm.  I agree with you also but gun control is still the proverbial elephant in the room.  The problem is (as someone has already stated) there's NEVER a good time to discuss anything.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 3 Who cares about the stupid    Submitted by vaflva on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:20 pm.  Who cares about the stupid weapon? Rather it is a gun, explosive, or sword like the guy the other week, what is wrong with our citizens that they are doing such stupid and insane things. Rather you blow someone up, shoot them, cut, or stab them what makes someone do these insane things. That needs to be the focus, perhaps we need to focus on the failure of society to identify, isolate, and confine these people before they can do something stupid. It sure makes me take a second look at some of the persons I know that act rather peculiar maybe we all should.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user6 or 3 You said  . . .     Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:38 pm.  "That needs to be the focus, perhaps we need to focus on the failure of society to identify, isolate, and confine these people before they can do something stupid."Well, isn't that the same suggestion we heard after VA Tech, after Tuscon, after Aurora? Until we can look mentally ill people in the eye and determine that they're mentally unstable, wouldn't a discussion on GUNS be the way to go? I mean, the mass deaths in all these incidents weren't caused because someone strangled these people, or stabbed them, or stuck their heads in buckets of water. These deaths are due to GUNS. So my question is simply this: UNTIL we can deal with ways to 'identify, isolate and confine' these people - what else you got? Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 6 From other newsfeeds that I    Submitted by nancyp on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:21 pm.  From other newsfeeds that I have read, the killer was alledgedly the father of a student there. I'd rather spend my energy thinking about these poor children and their families involved in this horrible tragedy. At the moment I can care less about the gun laws (which, obviously, seem to do no good).Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 There are very few gun laws.    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:39 pm.  There are very few gun laws.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 3 Shooter    Submitted by stevek1949 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:10 pm.  From news sources, the shooters mother was a teacher at the school. She was killed and most of the victims were in her class. The shooters name has been released and was from New Jersey.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 1 I stand corrected. I have,    Submitted by nancyp on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:38 pm.  I stand corrected. I have, since my post. seen the updated newsfeeds, and they are even worse, in my opinion. It's a horrific tragedy and I can't stop thinking about those poor babies and their families, and the adults and their families. Very sad day.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Horrific copy-cat mass murders.    Submitted by jpjones on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:23 pm.  There is an unmistakable element of copy-cat in these mall/school/workplace murders.While the news media is compelled to report them, I wonder if there is some way to do so without inspiring copy-cats?I don't have the answer.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 4 Wise words    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:46 pm.  "I don't have the answer." might well be the most wise comment made here so far. I also don't know what the answer is, I just know what it isn't, and I worry that when something this horrible happens, people will want to 'do something' when they don't any more have the answer than you or I.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 1 That's not my worry.    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:01 pm.  You said:"...I worry that when something this horrible happens, people will want to 'do something'..."Well, I assure you that's not my fear. I fear people won't want to do anything, which is the norm. I'm actually willing for someone who has NO answer to do SOMETHING, just to prove to me that there is SOMETHING that CAN be done.When these things happen, there's just hand-wringing, blather about figuring out who's sane and who's not and then . . . nothing. Doing nothing is tried over and over again and how's that working out for us? It's time to try something EVEN IF it's wrong. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 6 That attitude is much, much more dangerous    Submitted by TxMike77 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:32 pm.  than a crazed lunatic running wild with a gun in an elementary school.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 4 Really, how so?    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:36 pm.  My comment is more dangerous than a crazed lunatic wild with a gun in an elementary school? Really, how so? Perhaps you have no children or grandchildren of elementary school age.  Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 3 "It's time to try something EVEN IF it's wrong."    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:28 pm.  So, lets do something blindly even if it makes things worse?How can that NOT be a dangerous idea?When an individual does something insane the results can be tragic, but not nearly so much so as when government does something insane.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 2 That's a silly comment.    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:13 pm.  Do you really think something is going to be done blindly? If anything, this will take months and months and probably years for anything to actually happen. You think this president (the government you probably speak of) is going to willy-nilly do anything, any time soon? What I'm saying is that getting SOMETHING done as a response to these mass killings with guns by a single person would be totally refreshing. It would be nice to not have all these children killed while going about their daily business, without seeing some action take place could possibly save some children in the future.I'll say it again - I'd like to see SOMETHING come out of this, and I mean SOMETHING that results in many less guns being available in America. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 4 See, you can't even be consistent.    Submitted by TxMike77 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 6:28 am.  That is part of what I mean about how dangerous your statement was.  First you say you want 'something done' and then you become very specific about what you want done.  That is the case with most people who use the 'we have to do something' argument.  They HAVE a specific course of action in mind which they KNOW is unpopular.  How to address this situation?  Convince people first, have them ADMIT, that 'something has to be done'.  Then you present your 'something' and the onus to refute you now falls on THEM.  The gun control argument doesn't even make sense on an emotional level.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 1 wow.......    Submitted by 63impala on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:57 pm.  just,......... wow.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Maybe that 'wow' means that . . .    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:02 pm.  . . . you understand what I'm saying; that it would be great for once to see SOMETHING done about 'guns for anyone, anywhere, anytime, any number.' I doubt that's what your 'wow' means, but I'll hope. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 3 Okay. What "isn't" the    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:02 pm.  Okay. What "isn't" the answer?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 2 Acting    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:29 pm.  in the absence of understanding.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 1 Proper Training and Certification in Virginia    Submitted by drywells on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:43 pm.  Before being able to purchase: applicants attend mandatory military type firearm training classes to include: assembly/disassembly, firing instruction and qualification with only experts being able to purchase SA weapons. Next: applicants be accepted into a certified hunting or target shooting club. Applicants apply for state license and then may purchase weapon to include mandatory biometric ID. Estimated Time of Completion: six months. **Law Enforcement-track violaters relentlessly as you would a heroin dealer in the 'war on drugs'.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 7 The price our nation must pay    Submitted by vb23451 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:53 pm.  Columbine, Va Tech, Ft. Hood, Aurora, Tuscon, . . .the list goes on. Now, a Conn. elementary school. In Norway, it was world wide news when the nut killed all those kids. In the U.S., it's now a routine occurrence.  Are regular mass shootings and killings of citizens the price we must pay as a nation in order for everyone to have the right to own firearms?  I guess so.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 3 School shootings    Submitted by smetro on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:41 pm.  -have become almost routine, as are mass murders in many venues. IF my granddaughters (any or all) were killed like this I would be devastated. We should certainly examine how guns are obtained and by whom, how the mental health system is apparently failing, and lastly but not least important, why people in this country seem to think killing innocent people, esp. CHILDREN, is ever acceptable-or settling a dispute with a gun is ever OK! Someone knew the young man had problems why didn't they say so to the right people? School budgets are tight enough, but perhaps time to have not one but TWO armed police officers in every school (w/sharpshooter capability)better doorway security, metal detectors, etc. Unfriendly, but maybe, just maybe saferLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 This is happening shortly    Submitted by DonS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 1:55 pm.  This is happening shortly after Chris Rock went on Saturday Night Live and talked about how great it is to kill white people.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 6 Wrong celebrity. Jamie Foxx    Submitted by paramedic70002 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:02 pm.  Wrong celebrity. Jamie Foxx I think.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Horrific    Submitted by wantsjustice on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:03 pm.  This should not even be about politics- this is about these precious small children losing their lives & the survivors & ones that witnessed it have all lost their childhood innocence. They will never be the same again after today. That shooter took it all away. I pray for the families & friends. How sad here at Christmas. it's not safe to go anywhere anymore.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 This is a terrible tragedy    Submitted by winsliad on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:09 pm.  Can any story or situation NOT be used as an opportunity to fit personal and political agendas, just once?!?! My thoughts and prayers go out for the victims of this terrible, senseless tragedy.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Societal rot and regression    Submitted by sully428 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:48 pm.  You already have people on here looking to capitalize off a tragedy before we even know of all the fatalities. Some have been on a campaign on here in post after post challenging everyone who doesn't hold their viewpoint - I've since filtered them.As for the Newtown community and victims, I'm with you on prayers. And I'm sickened by the societal rot that is going on and how its taking its toll on innocent lives; whether its an elderly man beaten by a young mob, a person pushed into the path of a subway train by a stranger, or this tradegy today; the reality is an extensive number of sociopaths walking among us. We're in the 21st century and are supposed to be evolving for the better. I would offer that we are regressing instead.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 A tragedy    Submitted by PRIMESPOT on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:11 pm.  So sorry for the loss of those children and adults - their families need a lot of support in this time.  I am sure the community will reach out - as Americans we do that a lot.  As for the comments about gun laws, passing a law doesn't change people's hearts.  Passing a law only makes voters feel good about politicians - and politicians need tragedy and crisis to stay in office and pass more laws.  Just look at bans on marijuana.  Did that end drug abuse?  Or how about the 13th amendment?  Did it end racism, prejudice and evil?  (I'm in favor of DUI laws, though).There are actually no more of these crimes than historical averages - I've seen dozens of stats on this.  Let's not reduce this tragedy to some useless political argument!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 So what you're saying is: 1)    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:55 pm.  So what you're saying is: 1) Let's not talk about it, and 2) Let's do nothing.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 3 Let's change the dialogue...    Submitted by PRIMESPOT on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 9:15 pm.  Of course we should talk about it!  Let's talk about how the children of single moms that were killed will live tomorrow.  Let's talk about how the families that lost their children will cope.  Let's talk about the tragedy of mental illness and how nearly every mass killing is committed by a mentally ill person.If those mentally ill people had no guns, they would use something else.  What are we going to do about mental illness?  There are a lot of thing we can and should talk about!I like laws.  I've seen a country that doesn't have them and it isn't pretty.  But we need a bigger dialogue about real solutions and not about simple, easy-to-understand WRONG answers.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 We have armed guards    Submitted by wahuh on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:13 pm.  at the bank but none at school. What does that say about us?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Connecticut already has some rather impressive gun laws     Submitted by Steven.m on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:14 pm.  Connecticut has some of the more strict gun laws already.  We need to address the human element as well, or these tragedies will NEVER stop.Connecticut Gun LawsCGS 2936(f),CGS 2936(g): Certificate of Eligibility for Pistol or Revolver is required to purchase handguns. Applicants must complete an approved handgun safety course, and pass a NICS background check to get the certificate. There is a 14-day waiting period with exceptions for peace officers, Active-Duty military members, and holders of carry permits and hunting licenses.CGS 53202: Registration required for assault weaponsCGS 2928: Permit needed to carry open or concealed.CGS 53202(c): Selective fire assault weapons prohibitedCGS 2938: Federal rules oLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 sad    Submitted by MM70 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:14 pm.  how long till a school is like a airport where you get scanned and padded down?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 0 Been to a high School lately?    Submitted by TxMike77 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:27 pm.  Already there.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 0 Guns are a Problem, but not the only one    Submitted by viewfromsec102 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:15 pm.  As one who leans conservative on most issues, I side with the regulation-lovers on this one.The round-bore muskets that were available at the time that our founders drafted the Second Amended were not capable of inflicting horrific mayhem, including on defenseless kindergarten students.  As wonderful a document as the U.S. Constitution may be, in this instance the modern world has surpassed it.  Although offensively sanctimonious, Esau, Golfbythecupful and Chaser12 have it right.  We should amend the 2nd Amendment.And let's take it a step further.  In addition to regulating gun ownership, let's also ban violent video games and any movie ever made by Quentin Tarentino.  How 'bout it liberals.  Can we agree on this?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 4 Hey, careful there. I love PULP FICTION. ha.    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:42 pm.  Why am I 'sanctimonious'? According to the dictionary, it means "hypocritically pious or devout."  You got the wrong person with that one - that's not me. ha. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 From you 1:08 p.m. post ...    Submitted by viewfromsec102 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:48 pm.  You wrote:"Yeah. More guns is what we need. What a hoot some of you people are."Does that not qualify under your stated definition?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 No.    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:48 pm.  Pius and devout has a religious or spiritual connotation. You may call me post snippy or snarky if you like, but 'sanctimonious'? No. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 I stand by my assessment    Submitted by viewfromsec102 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:27 pm.  Preaching at people to "do something" without any rational understanding as to what it is you want done strikes me as very much a religious approach to this awful tragedy.  Consider it a form of secular prayer, from a devoutly liberal person.The terms "snarky" or "snippy" connote no more than a problem of tone.  Your approach is not just a problem of tone.  It is one of substance -- a reactionary response completely untethered to logic, one which is seasoned with your very apparent scorn for the opinions of others with whom you disagree.I stick by my charge of liberal sanctimony when it comes to your posts.It just happens that in this instance I agree with you.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 Did you NOT think I was being facetious?    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:51 pm.  "Yeah. More guns is what we need."Did you think that WASN'T me being facetious?  Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 3 No    Submitted by viewfromsec102 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:31 pm.  I think it was you being sanctimonious.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 That ignores the root.    Submitted by r.r.hall on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:51 pm.  Your "solutions" ignore the root of the problem. It isn't the gun it is the person. You cannot make a law that will have 100% compliance unless you have enforcers at everyones elbow. Guns will always be available. If you remove them from homes the police and military will have them. A criminal intent on getting one for murder would not hesitate to kill to get one. They also are relatively easy to make in a home workshop and total bans would just create a cottage industry of gun makers for criminals. You cannot ban them or just as with the drug trade it will only move underground and you will have less control than you do now.The focus needs to be on protecting the innocent and stopping the predators. In this case the death penalty applies.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 Teh Death Penalty Does Not Apply    Submitted by viewfromsec102 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:12 pm.  The shooter is already dead.Ours is a culture of violence, which in my opinion sources primarily from Hollywood and from our music industry.  Guns are the implement with which most (but not all) of the damage is being done.Yes, we should regulate guns.  But don't stop there.  We need to call out the merchants of violence, who have done untold damage to our culture.Muslim extremists deserve to be hunted down by drones.  I'm not so sure that our hip hop stars and movie producers aren't doing even more damage with their foul products.  And yet they routinely get celebrity treatment.  Disgusting.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 Also, make the drug laws    Submitted by TAS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:42 pm.  Also, make the drug laws tougher( hasn't worked yet). We americans do not like laws-how many people obey all the traffic laws-we always make excuses to speed, etc.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 I'm not sure all the    Submitted by paramedic70002 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:00 pm.  I'm not sure all the soldiers who died during the Revolutionary and Civil Wars would agree with you. BTW 22 elementary school children were slashed at a school in China today. They already ban guns. But their government is free to shoot political dissenters, so I guess it all works out.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 Lets put up a number---    Submitted by ds26488 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:20 pm.  Let's do this: have Congress put up a number on a board someplace. The number will represent how many children have to die in gun violence before there are better gun control laws in this country.  100? 500? 1000?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 3 Don't stop there    Submitted by TxMike77 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:25 pm.  We need a number for how many children have to die before there are better car safety laws, and school lunch laws, and laws to limit the size of sodas, and laws to cure cancer, and laws to lower the sea levels, and laws to outlaw death.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 5 Right    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:17 pm.  The UK banned handguns after a mass school shooting there...does the US have the guts to do something like that?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 Was the shooter using    Submitted by sfk0615 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:40 pm.  Was the shooter using handguns?  Perhaps, but I've been watching all day and haven't seen any comments on that.  I am not a fan of guns (don't own one and never will), but blaming guns serves little purpose in my view. And no matter how many laws you pass you will not get guns away from people who should not have them.  If laws worked that way we would not have a drug problem in this country.  But perhaps those laws would make you feel better until the next time.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Nice    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:43 pm.  Yes, lets not have the discussion. The pro-gun lobby doesnt want us to. I saw where he had a glock and a beretta. Maybe we should tighten the laws then? Why even have laws like you say?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 He had two handguns.    Submitted by elizabeths78096 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 9:24 pm.  He had two handguns.  However, no matter how many laws (or what they say) might be created, they probably would not have stopped this.  The guns used were purchased legally by his (now deceased) mother and were registered to her.  I don't see how any law could be phrased to prevent someone taking a weapon from a family member.  Any weapon, even a knitting needle.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 0 It takes guts to    Submitted by TxMike77 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 6:14 am.  blame things?  Inanimate objects? Sorry, my friend, that is the cowards way out."A frequent recurrence to fundamental principles is absolutely necessary to preserve the blessings of liberty and keep a government free."  Ben F.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 So the current laws on the    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:09 pm.  So the current laws on the books that make it illegal to kill someone else in cold blood, why don't those work?  How do you propose to enact this gun control law and then collect the 300 million weapons in this nation?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 Hey    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:41 pm.  The discussion needs to come up...why dont we ask the UK how they do it. I wouldnt suggest taking all guns. But handguns would be a good start.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 So, all the criminals will    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:04 pm.  So, all the criminals will just come by the local police station and drop off their handgun?  They would not keep it and try and sell it to some lunatic for $2000?  How do enforce such a law?  What you will have is the law abiding citizens turn there weapons in thus making more sitting ducks.  It's already illegal to murder someone in this nation if I'm not mistaken and yet we can't enforce that law.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Wow    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:24 pm.  Why do we not look into how they went about doing this? A serious conversation and debate needs to be done about gun violence in this country, we have had two mass shootings in one week.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 so    Submitted by ring442 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:26 pm.  Killing two people in an Oregon Mall is classified as a mass shooting. How many people were killed in Chicago in the past week?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 0 How terrible, how tragic,    Submitted by enw on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:20 pm.  How terrible, how tragic, how unbelievable that all these people -- all these little children -- have been slain.  So glad that Barack Obama has "enormous sympathy for families that are affected."  Really, is that the best he can say?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 8 Go away    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:14 pm.  Faux News has talking points for comments like that. What did you really want him to say, he was coming to pry your guns away from you?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 I found President Obama's statement     Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:33 pm.  to be entirely appropriate.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user7 or 0 Pres. Obama's reaction    Submitted by smetro on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:17 pm.  Obama's voice sounded very together, but read the story on his relaying information to his staff-tears and deep emotion. Obama-haters disgust me almost as much as those who want to discuss political opinions-this is about safety for our innocent children-how can we prevent anything like this in the future? VA Tech has stricter rules about notifying people campus-wide of danger (other higher ed institutions have apparently adopted this)-but what about protecting our youngest students and their teachers? We really can do better.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 1 Guns Everywhere    Submitted by sarader1 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:24 pm.  I grew up with guns in my house.  My father was a hunter, as was my brother.  My father, born in 1908, hunted in West Virginia to put food on the table.  My brother, taught by my father, was an avid hunter who lost his life while hunting.  I know how his death has affected me, my wife, and family, but I can't begin to comprehend the shock and grief that the parents and loved ones of these 27 individuals killed today are going through at this time.  Incomprehensible, disgusting, immoral, insane, sacrilige, don't begin to describe the horrow of what happended.Guns kill, plain and simple.  What are we going to do to make our children and society safe again?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 3 Let's start by outlawing    Submitted by paramedic70002 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:55 pm.  Let's start by outlawing cars and swimming pools, which kill far more children than guns.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:24 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 3 Just so sad.  What kind of    Submitted by Choose_Freedom on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:25 pm.  Just so sad.  What kind of evil possesses a human being to do this sort of thing.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 walk in our shoes    Submitted by brokenone on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:30 pm.  It is easy to dimiss this when your child is safe. I recently loss my son to a senseless shooting and the killer hasn't been caught. So I know what these parents are feeling. Until you have to bury your innocent child because someone shot him/her dead, you cannot imagine the pain and devastation that we will feel for the rest of our lives. It has been 2 months for me and I cry all day everyday. My family is torn apart and I am broken. I pray for every victim and every family. This has got to stop and gun laws have got to be tougher. If you kill someone you should be held accountable for more than serving a few months or years in prison.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 1 It's not a question of gun    Submitted by mm12175 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:38 pm.  It's not a question of gun control.  It's a question of why are we producing a generation of mentally unstable kids?  Is it video games? Is it lack of discipline and proper parenting?  It's an epidemic of dysfunctional young people and for some it doesn't take much to push them over the line.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user7 or 0 Shocking the conscience    Submitted by OliverWHomey on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:48 pm.  Maybe this horrible tragedy will finally open our eyes to the orgy of gun ownership in this country the way that the picture on the front pages of this nation's newspapers of Emmitt Till's lifeless body hanging from a tree woke America up to southern racism.  How many innocent lives is too many?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user6 or 3 Before 1934, any kid with    Submitted by paramedic70002 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:48 pm.  Before 1934, any kid with enough money could order a machine gun through the US Mail. Number of school shootings: 0Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Prior to 1934 most kids    Submitted by notfiveo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 10:32 pm.  Prior to 1934 most kids couldn't afford a pack of gum, let alone a machine gun.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 2 As reading some of the comments on here...    Submitted by albundyrules on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:48 pm.  proves, there are those who absolutely can't wait for these kinds of atrocities to take place so they can spew their own political agendas without even knowing any real or relevant facts. The kids bodies haven't even been removed yet, and the usual suspects are all over the usual sites and sources assigning blame to anything and everything other than the actual criminal(s). You get the feeling that they are PRAYING that something like a book authored by those they are supposed to hate is found among the perp's possessions. Heaven forbid that we ever let the FACTS be learned before spouting off. Oh, and this was in an 'affluent' neighborhood, which means white and money. Those usual suspects have no doubt made note of that. Stay tuned!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 9 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:12 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Personal attack, name callingLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 this is a terrible tragedy    Submitted by luckydog02 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:59 pm.  may the people killed rest in peace. prayers for everyone involved. Who could attack innocent children?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 0 First Person  Shooter Video Games.  Is it Time for them to go?    Submitted by Steven.m on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 2:59 pm.  Are we NOW prepared to consider that games like Call of Duty (there are 10 versions of this game alone), HALO, Resident Evil, and Grand Theft Auto desensitize people to the reality of gun violence?  Particularly but not exclusively young people.  Perhaps being immersed in these games for 2-12 hours a day for weeks or months may have a negative influence on some people's minds?  If we accept there are benefits to the power of positive thinking, why the resistance to the possibility the opposite is true?We have GOT to address the human element and determine why this is happening.  Do these games disassociate some people to the real life horror of gun violence?  If only 1 person in 10 million  acted on it, then perhaps we're there now?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user6 or 2 Right    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:11 pm.  We need to be like Europe were the human body isn't considered "dirty", and they have less violence on tv.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 Likewise Agree    Submitted by viewfromsec102 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:21 pm.  100%Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 2 You need to check out the    Submitted by TAS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:36 pm.  You need to check out the mass killings in Europe in the past 10 years where they have stricter gun lawsLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 3 Sure    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:39 pm.  Not as many as the US, and here we have had 2x as many school shootings as the rest of the world combined since Columbine.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 ... which led to the UK ban    Submitted by lakewood1923 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:58 pm.  ... which led to the UK ban on gunsLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 Tragedy beyond belief    Submitted by Phyl1gold on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:03 pm.  This is a tragedy beyond belief. Murder is tragic enough in itself.  Mass murder has no words. But for innocent, unarmed children to be the target of mass murder is beyond comprehension. Instead of people arguing in this forum about gun laws and investigations, let us send out our utmost condolences, and convey our utter incomprehension and sadness to the parents, siblings, families and community where this tragedy occurred. May they all find  strength and find comfort with each other during this most difficult time.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 we've done it before, we'll do it again    Submitted by vb23451 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:40 pm.  Regular prayers and condolences following mass shootings like this one is a part of our country's landscape. It's the price we pay for the right to own and carry firearms. And it won't change until our hearts and minds change about who can have a gun and politicians have the courage to change and stand up to the NRA.  Until then, prepare for more prayers and condolences.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 5 Prayers    Submitted by jb59807 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:04 pm.  Sending prayers to the families of all of the victims of today's incomprehensible tragedy. These victims include all of the children at the school who have witnessed such evil.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:10 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Racial, ethnic, group attackLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 7 One common element    Submitted by boblakeman on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:25 pm.  This tragedy, like Columbine, the Aurora, CO Batman massacre and the VA Tech shooting all have one common element, the NRA supported giving guns to killers and the mentally ill and still does today. Our prayers for the children are all we can offer because as long as the NRA and their members resist serious gun control, no one is safe from madmen and killers who can buy guns easier here than anywhere else in the world.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 8 IT SEEMS TO ME    Submitted by annemcnally on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:42 pm.  that MANY times a tragedy that is reported here, in this forum, is used for comments that INFLAME me.  I like to read well thought out comments on controversial issues but it seems the same ole' people go off topic and undermine the purpose here.  I would guess that more than 50% of comments online would NEVER IN A MILLION YEARS make it to an editorial page...I will stop reading them altogether. Bickering about a tragedy is moronic.I wish to send my condolences to the families, friends, and their acquaintances who will have to live through this hell.PS  I am not afraid of posting my name....and I bet if it were required here there would be less BS.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 The time is now    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:47 pm.  For a country to have a serious conversation over the role of gun violence in our country.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 3 The NRA supports the    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:07 pm.  The NRA supports the mentally ill from owning a firearm?  Source please I would like to read about that.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Of course what I meant was    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:09 pm.  Of course what I meant was owning a firearm.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 disgusting    Submitted by mustang.freddy on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:27 pm.  Using this tragedy to advance a political ideology is disgusting. Shame on you.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 5 Using this tragedy to    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:09 pm.  Using this tragedy to prevent further massacres.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 2 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:30 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Post continued, repeatedLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 7 Wait a minute.....    Submitted by truth-vs-lies on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:36 pm.  Forgive me if I am wrong, but it appears that we have some people out there that want to blame this tragic situation on a person's legal right to bear arms. I believe that guns do not belong in the hands of crimminals. Law abiding citizens should have the right to protect their homes, their family, and themselves. Disarming citizens that go through the proper channels to purchase or carry a gun, will not prevent others (crimminals) from purchasing them on the street. We can only pray for those that lost their love ones today. They will never forget 12-14-12 for the rest of their lives. This is a very sad day.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 1 Sure    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:45 pm.  But we should definitely not relax guns laws.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 Because letting lawful gun    Submitted by paramedic70002 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:46 pm.  Because letting lawful gun owners carry in schools would be ... logical?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 2 No, not the right to bear    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:08 pm.  No, not the right to bear guns, but the absurdly easy access to anyone to have any type of weapon they choose with little or no regulation as pertains to gun running, assault weapons, ammunition, etc.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 3 Evil    Submitted by Pope Urban II on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:40 pm.  Evil is the only explanation. I'm not a particularly religious man, but there is no legitimate psychological explanation for this. Thoughts and prayers for CT.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 repeal the second amendment    Submitted by absdoggy on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:43 pm.  There is no "reason" for this tragedy, nor any of the other tens of thousands killed by gun violence in this country each year. We have simply reached the point in our society where the benefits of private gun ownership are now outweighed by the cost in lives and public safety.Since the death of 3,000 people on 9/11, we have spent over $3 trillion on wars and homeland security while over 300,000 of our fellow citizens have died by gun violence. We are 17th in life expectancy in the world - we'd be #2 if not for gun violence. Repeal the 2nd amendment, restrict guns to the local armory for hunting and shooting clubs only. Outlaw guns and our gun and overall murder rate will go down by 80% as in Australia, Japan, Western Europe, etc.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 7 Respectfully, I disagree with most of your assertions    Submitted by Steven.m on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:50 pm.  I agree that we have long passed the point where something must be done, but it has to be the right something.We need to approach the problem from a why, not a how perspective.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Sure    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 3:54 pm.  We do a terrible disservice to the citizens of the US in terms of mental health. But the how is also very important as well.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 Why Not    Submitted by beechbum on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:10 pm.  I say all schools need metal detectors and security present when entering a school. This takes part in the schools in the hood and inner cities time to step it up in the suburbs and these other schools that think this cant happen to them.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 And if he then would have    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:45 pm.  And if he then would have decided to hijack a school bus and commit the crime there?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 1 What do you disagree with?    Submitted by absdoggy on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:02 pm.  You can look it up - FBI gun death statistics by year 2002 - 2012 show that over 300K people in the US have died by gun violence. Japan, Western Europe, etc. do have a gun death rate over 80% less than ours. We have spent over $3 trillion in the last 11 years on Homeland Security and the Afghan & Iraq wars to prevent terrorism, while these 300K deaths took place. These are all valid statistics.You can disagree with repealing the 2nd amendment, but this is the only solution that will end the violence. There is no "reason", there is no "why" for this tragedy.  You can blame video games, movies, our culture, poverty, mental illness, hopelessness, politics, religion, abortion, etc. It all comes down to proliferation and easy access to guns.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 If you're going to make comparisons with Europe    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:14 pm.  Don't forget to include the 60 million or so who died in the last century at the hands of their own legal governments because European countries DO NOT have a 2nd Amendment.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 1 Sure    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:19 pm.  Are you talking civil wars? Which countries are included?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 4 Remedial European history?    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:41 pm.  Nazi Germany, Stalinist Soviet Union, the Balkans.Look them up.Totalitarian governments are not possible with armed citizens. Looking beyond Europe, consider Pol Pot, the Japanese slaughter of the Chinese, the Chinese slaughter of the Chinese. Look also at the tribal genocides in Africa. The common factor? Disarmed citizens.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 4 Disarming    Submitted by ncpope on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:57 pm.  There is no need for mass discharge weapons.  Keep your handgun and your hunting guns but these weapons of mass killings have got to go.  You can pull out your Hitler Card all you want but this crap is nonsensical and ridiculous to the extreme.  We aren't "giving up" our weapons but there is no need for this type of weapon in any douchbag's hands.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 5 Totalitarianism    Submitted by A Markowitz on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 8:03 am.  relies on disarmed minds. We are closer than you think, keep waving that flag.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 Disarmed minds, exactly right!    Submitted by BonMutt on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 9:28 am.  Totalitarian governments count on citizens to ask for laws to disarm themselves, and to voluntarily turn in anything that could be used to defend themselves.  All for the "better good"Looks like they have at least one already that has chosen to disarm themselves mentally.I can only hope that one day you wake up and realize you are not calling for freedom, just bleating out "4 legs good 2 legs better" while the pigs live the good life.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Not    Submitted by Ptown67 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 8:23 pm.  Totalitarianism relies on an unarmed populace. As Dr Tabor alluded to, the first thing dictators do is disarm the populace.If you are implying that we who do not follow your Marxist ways are uneducated then I'll file that away with the garbage I take out tonight. It is pure stupidity. Our founders were very aware of the dangers of tyrants to the point where they codified the right to oppose them in a manner that might actually work. Your problem seems to be that you don't like how prescient they were being; the Second Amendment makes the kind of revolution Marxists support a very "dicey" affair for any would-be dictators.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 We have elections in this    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:59 pm.  We have elections in this country every two and 4 years. We can do it peacefully.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 1 Having guns would not have stopped them    Submitted by absdoggy on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:29 pm.  Hitler, Stalin, etc. - an armed citizenry would not have stopped these deaths.Look at the US today, with a 2nd amendment, but also with the Patriot Act. The government can do anything to you, and your ownership of a gun isn't going to stop anything. If the great paranoid conspiracy theory came true, and Obama brought in the UN and the black helicopters to take over, do you really think the 2nd amendment would do anything to stop it? Look at the movie "The Siege" - Bruce Willis as the military leader who takes over NY to stop terrorism. No doubt in my mind that type of martial law could happen any day and guns would not stop it.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 3 Really?     Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:00 pm.  Read up on the Warsaw Ghetto uprising.With only a small number of antique weapons, the Jews resisted the final deportation of the ghetto to Treblinka. They lost, but they held on for a month. Had they been properly armed, it would not have been worth the trouble to root them out. Everyone deserves the right to defend their life.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Even Though It Won't Matter    Submitted by Ptown67 on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 8:08 pm.  Factual History - 1Reactionary Liberals - 0Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 More people are killed every    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:12 pm.  More people are killed every year in auto accidents than with firearms.  Do we ban automobiles?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 4 No    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:21 pm.  But we do not relax the laws about driving, especially concerning drinking and driving do we? Is there a lobby to make driving easier?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 We don't?  People don't    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:27 pm.  We don't?  People don't legally text and drive on the road, for example?  The NRA simply supports the constitutional right to own a firearm.  We already have endless laws on murder we can't enforce.  If the constitutional right to bear arms was repealed I would turn over my weapons as a law abiding citizen.  I don't believe, however, the criminals are going to be running to the local police station to turn in theirs.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 Sure    Submitted by chaser12 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:33 pm.  But there is a law on the books to make it illegal, with that stop it entirely no, but will help, sure. The UK banned handguns, lets talk with them and see how they did it. I am not saying do it, but there are ways and countries that are able to enforce it.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 Oh my!  Where to begin?    Submitted by OliverWHomey on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:31 pm.  Children don't find their parents' automobiles in a drawer and accidentally kill themselves.  Angry family members don't settle domestic disputes by killing each other with automobiles.  Men with mental illnesses, racial hatred, or grudges don't drive automobiles into schools, movie theaters, shopping malls, and Sikh temples and kill scores of people.  That's why it's different.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 5 Ok, so we ban all firearms    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:54 pm.  Ok, so we ban all firearms and assuming all the criminals in possession turn them in, nobody but the police and the military then has weapons that fire projectiles.  Now that J.Q public no longer has a firearm but something goes haywire in his brain and he decides for whatever reason to go and kill a bunch of other people.  So, not having access to a gun, he jumps in his car and runs it into a group of 50 people lined up to see the opening of the new movie. We now need to ban automobiles.  Guns are not the issue, human behavior is the issue.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 1 We are strict about drunk    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:51 pm.  We are strict about drunk driving. We have age limits on who can drive. We have curfews and other restrictions for younger drivers. We can be pulled over for infractions for a license and registration check. We take courses to learn to drive. We pass tests. We can have our licenses revoked. And those deaths have come down because of these actions.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Right those laws "help" they    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:58 pm.  Right those laws "help" they do not prevent. We already have laws on the books that make it illegal to murder somebody, those laws help, they don't prevent.  Banning guns will never prevent anybody intent on inflicting mass casualties from finding a way to do so.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 Operative word    Submitted by ncpope on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:53 pm.  is "accidents".Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 2 DUI is not an "accident".    Submitted by mm12175 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:52 pm.  DUI is not an "accident".Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 Why    Submitted by Concerned Patriot on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:04 pm.  Why does this immediately become a gun debate?  Why do we immediately jump to arguing for more gun control or defending gun rights?  What about finding out why this person did what he did.  It does not matter if he had a gun or something else.  He was looking to create havoc and kill innocent children.  We immediately react to a problem without first taking care of our people and then take care of root causes.  We instantly blame objects, circumstances, etc without investigating why a person did what he/she did.  We instantly want to find fault in everything but the person who did the awful, tragic, wrongful act.  Who is responsible for the action, not what do we blame this on.  The killer/gun man is responsible, period!!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 3 What does the "why" have to do with it at this point?    Submitted by absdoggy on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:18 pm.  The guy in Aurora - he left a note, we know why he did it. He was getting the boot from medical school, and faced a future that he saw as hopeless, and in anger and petulance decided to take out as many people as he could.Okay, and what good does knowing this do us? The guy that shot up the Sikh temple - a racist. Okay, and what good does knowing this do us? On and on it goes - racism, poverty, mental illness, hopelessness, video games, movies, violent song lyrics, bad parenting, acceptance of abortion and the death penalty. You can't ban or end or do anything to eliminate these "whys". You can repeal the 2nd amendment and ban the guns as an unacceptably risky tool in which the cost exceeds the benefit.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 And who, exactly, do you    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:37 pm.  And who, exactly, do you think will obey the law to turn in their firearms?  Right, the law abiding citizens.  Criminals, who don't obey the law to begin with, will be keeping their guns I do believe.  Guns and the legal ownership of firearms is not the issue. Human behavior, which is not and never will be controllable is the issue.  Plain and simple.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user5 or 0 Yes. Why should we immediately jump into debates about    Submitted by open minded on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:35 pm.  assault rifle bans and oversized clip bans? They have absolutely nothing to do with these mass killings. Its all very simply about the motives for why these sick deranged individuals perform these disgusting acts of violence with assault rifles and handguns with extended clips.Just think of all the times in the past decade that a sick twisted coward murdered 20 or 30 people in about 15 minutes with a hatchet.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 The common refrain from    Submitted by Esau on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:45 pm.  The common refrain from unyielding gun advocates is we don't need to talk about it. Don't need to do anything about it. Even though these are acts of terror, and in any other context we would do something, there is no need for a "gun debate" they say.  How about instead of just finding why the guy did it, we at least address some ways to try to prevent these massacres, such as 100% background checks, no exceptions. Like an assault weapons ban. Yes, there are 200,000,000 guns floating around this country . . . which is the problem . . . and it seems almost hopeless, but we can't time after time refuse to take any action at all. Especially since 6 adults and twenty 5 year-olds have been murdered. There can be reasonable solutions.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 This guy, apparently, stole    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:02 pm.  This guy, apparently, stole the weapons from the legal owner, his mother.  He did not need to get a background check (not that I'm opposed to them) or proceed through any other process other than commit the first crime to proceed to the next.  Human behavior is not controllable, never will be.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:31 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Disparaging victim or familyLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 1 "Human behavior is not controllable, never will be.    Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:52 pm.  Human behavior is not controllable, never will be.But, controlling the flow of guns is. Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 Sick people    Submitted by ncpope on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:46 pm.  Because sick people with guns that are limitless in their sole purpose.. the killing of human beings... can kill many many more people than sick people without these weapons.  It is high time we recognize this and be sane about guns.  Surely a non-automatic weapon is enough for your own defense.  Mass discharge weapons readily available have only one purpose: to make mass killing.  They're illegal to hunt with anyway.  The 2nd amendment was written before such horrid things even existed.  Please, please let us have a gun debate!!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 3 A VERY SAD TIME TO MAKE THIS POINT BUT HERE GOES ...    Submitted by Johnny Dee on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:13 pm.  Sick or psychopathic criminals are capable of analytical thoughts. Let's say for sake of argument that clearing the streets of all automatic weapons (or all weapons for that matter) is accomplished. And let's take that supposition a step further by saying that even these sick or psychopathic criminals decide to never attempt to obtain a gun of any kind.Here's what will happen: The first time one of these sick or psychopathic criminals decides to analyze the situation and come up with ANOTHER means of mass maiming (fire, electrocution, etc) that method will I can assure you come under scrutiny. And let's not forget the books that taught these criminals to analyze all things in life from age 3 & up will also come under fire.. .Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 1 Um, automatic weapons are    Submitted by mm12175 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:50 pm.  Um, automatic weapons are already illegal.  That's not what was used.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 1 PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE POST BEFORE YOU "UM" ASSAIL    Submitted by Johnny Dee on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 4:37 am.  Um, the operative phrase was: "Let's say for sake of example..."Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 SADLY    Submitted by PUCKEATR on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:26 pm.  There will be many more of these school shootings until we arm the folks running the schools.The guns are out there.  That ship has sailed.  No bringing it back.  So it is probably best to protect yourself from "all the guns out there"It does no good to cry about "all the guns out there" none.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 1 Newton, Conneticut School Shooting    Submitted by greggguthrie on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:27 pm.  I am a 63 year old handicapped man with a concealed weapon permit from the state of VA. In almost 10 years since coming back from Iraq, I only had to pull my weapon once but did not fire since my assailant dropped the knife he was trying to rob me with. A criminal can obtain a firearm or use another deadly weapon. So where would us law abiding citizens be then if they take away our rights. I believe in stricter gun laws. Having mental problems is no excuse. If you know your children have mental problems get a gun vault and lock them up. Yes I have one and when my 11 and 13 year old comes over that is where they go. Stricter laws should be levied and a registry of people with mental problems should be kept. Tie it into NCI checks the people who saleLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 Amen    Submitted by AA164 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:27 pm.  And what this country needs is more gun owners to work with those of us who don't feel the need to carry a weapon to develop some reasonable restrictions.  What troubles those of us who favor stricter laws is the absolute refusal of gun rights groups to understand the other side of the argument.  My suggestion has always been to have the NRA and its associated groups to come up with their own reasonable steps --- we'd applaud them.  I don't want to disarm you or any American but I think there are limits to what you arm yourself with -- it isn't an all or nothing proposition contrary, to what NRA types think.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 5 6 year old hero knew to run    Submitted by paramedic70002 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:44 pm.  6 year old hero knew to run from the bad man, not stay and get shot:Robert Licata said his 6-year-old son was in class when the gunman burst in and shot the teacher."That's when my son grabbed a bunch of his friends and ran out the door," he said. "He was very brave. He waited for his friends."Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 I would like to see a Senator step onto the Senate floor...    Submitted by open minded on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:44 pm.  and one at a time, read each name of each individual murdered in the past decade by an assault rifle or extended clip handgun that would have been made illegal by a particular bill.Read the bill that was defeated. Read the name of each Senator and their party who voted against it and how much lobby money that Senator took from the NRA and have the families of the murdered individuals be present in the chamber and invite all the press to cover it, I don't care if it took all day, all week, or all month.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 4 We know who voted for    Submitted by mm12175 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:48 pm.  We know who voted for Obamacare and they got re-elected anyway.  So what's your point?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 enough is enough!!    Submitted by newpanther on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 4:53 pm.  Face it, this country has a gun problem, and frankly I don't care if someone says I'm politicizing this, this has to stop. How many people have to get killed, innocent people, children? Today, Portland two dayss ago, Aurora, Tucson, Va Tech, Columbine, and countless others. On and on and on. I'm just sick of it, and save the Second Amendment rhetoric, the founding fathers didn't envision this, and no right is absolute. Enough is enough.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 4 What is your solution?    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:05 pm.  What is your solution?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Here's a start    Submitted by AA164 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:19 pm.  Reinstall the assault gun ban.  Ban extended round magazines.  Limit the number of guns an individual can own.  Require ammunition purchases to be controlled and entered into a national database.  Put a fee on the sale of any gun that can be put into a state fund to equip all public places with metal detectors.  Then when these types of shootings happen again and the  NRA and its members continue to ignore reality the next step will be an even bigger fee so we can place two armed guards at the metal detectors at each public building.  You want to run around with weapons, fine, we should all know who are carrying them and those that want to carry them can pay for the measures that allow the rest of us to know who is carrying.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 4 And will there be a new set    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:52 pm.  And will there be a new set of rules to be put into place when people start using knives on a more regular basis.  And after that baseball bats? And after that lead pipes?  And after that.... Are the criminals already in possession of these weapons going to turn them in and register their ammunition?  How do we handle that?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 Fine by me    Submitted by AA164 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:33 pm.  There are rules against the size of blade on knives you can carry in military.  Can you kill twenty people as coldly and dispassionately and as quickly as you can with two guns with large magazines?  Put your thinking cap on would you?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 Again, you are another    Submitted by prowlernfo on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 9:20 am.  Again, you are another person who seems to believe the manner in which people are killed is as important as the fact they were killed.  Why don't you consider that for a second?  Are you really saying if only 10 had been killed with a knife that is better than 26 being killed with a gun simply because fewer died?  Truly misguided if so.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:52 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Post continued, repeatedLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 instead of     Submitted by ring442 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:41 pm.  All the crap you just suggested, how about instead of all the giveaways we spend for welfare, we put a cop (i.e. school resource officer) at every school. Most schools in Tidewater have one and I haven't read about any massacres at our schools.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 How about ending the glorification of guns and violence    Submitted by AA164 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:23 pm.  So since you gun maniacs think it's fine that America be armed to the teeth we should now hire extra security for schools and churches and other public gathering places to protect us all from the guns that this nation produces?  What's next, issue every school-kid a bullet proof vest?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 i hate to break it to you    Submitted by ring442 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 9:17 pm.  I can't remember a public gathering place in the last twenty years that hasn't had security people on hand and yes that includes Churches.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 So what, exactly is an    Submitted by mm12175 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:44 pm.  So what, exactly is an "assault gun"???  WOuld a 30.06 deer rifle or a 12 gauge shotgun be less lethal?  Automatic weapons are already illegal.  What else do you want?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 So you seem to be saying    Submitted by tj on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:15 pm.  So you seem to be saying that all guns should be removed.  The real problem is the sensationalizing we have with modern communications- the news, internet, etc.  Guns don't matter.  They are not the problem.  The kid would have used something else to do this if he didn't have guns.  And he would have known what to use because the news and other sources of communication would have told him.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 That's nonsense.    Submitted by AA164 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:22 pm.  The ability to kill twenty people with a gun is infinitely easier than strangling or beating or stabbing twenty people.  By the way your characterization of coverage of mass shooting incidents as sensationalizing is just plain nuts.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 6 It's the ease of the killing    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:05 pm.  It's the ease of the killing you think is the issue?  It would have been better had he only killed 10 with a knife than 26 with a gun?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 You want to ask the parents of the 16 kids who might have lived    Submitted by AA164 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:36 pm.  Yes, I do think that minimizing the extent of the damage one can carry out in a single instant is important.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 frankly, I'm sick of these hypothetic questions    Submitted by newpanther on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:25 pm.  After each of these tragedies, the gun apologist predictably say "well if he didn't have a gun, he would have used something else" Well I reject that notion because, guess what? They ALWAYS use guns, nothing else. What else can you use and murder 20, 30, 40 people in less than a minute or two? I want answers, what else can a person use to efficiently kill so many people so quickly?Mr. President, no more speeches about "thoughts, hearts and prayers". You can start by having congress put the assault weapons ban back in place. And if they refuse, make it an issue because I'm sick and tired of these nut jobs terrorizing our citizens with weapons they had no buisness being able to have in the first place!!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 5 Frankly, I'm amazed at your     Submitted by GolfbytheCupful on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:47 pm.  Frankly, I'm amazed at your common sense thoughts - there's very little of it going around this site today. I agree with everything you said. I'm sick of the cavalier manner people yammer on and on about their rights. What about the right to get through the day without getting blown away, that those children had yesterday?      What       about      their      rights Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 5 Oklahoma city (bomb), 9/11    Submitted by prowlernfo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:10 pm.  Oklahoma city (bomb), 9/11 (airplanes), Santa Monica (automobile), Ronald Gene Simmons (strangled many of his victims).  This guy apparently stole the weapons from his mother.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:10 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Post continued, repeatedLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Are you serious?  What else    Submitted by tj on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:12 pm.  Are you serious?  What else could have caused so much damage?  Do you NOT know anything about explosives and how easy it is to come by them?  You also don't seem to know anything about the mentally ill. They will find a way to meet the end they are looking for at any cost.  Sure, you HEAR about the gun violence but what you don't hear about, because it's not sensational, is how guns have saved lives.  Even with people who were facing people with other weapons.  Again, it's not about the guns.  It's about the people and society.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 2 guns save lives?    Submitted by newpanther on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:54 pm.  Spare me the NRA talking points, because I don't want to hear it!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 5 Mass murder without guns    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:44 pm.  Lets see: Lets eliminate hard to get things like explosives. An SUV at a soccer tournament. 2 gallons of gasoline in a garden sprayer. Poison in a punch bowl. Arson of any number of buildings. Sabotage of an aircraft. Derailment of a train. Carbon monoxide in a ventilation system.I'm sure I could think of more, especially if I were an obsessed madman. Life is fragile. Especially children. If someone sets out to kill, and doesn't plan to survive himself, he will succeed UNLESS someone on the scene at the moment it happens is prepared to stop him.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user6 or 2 Enough red herrings doc    Submitted by AA164 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:16 pm.  We are talking about controlling items that have one use --- guns are designed for one purpose:  To put a hole in another person.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 3 So    Submitted by Wm D Tabor DDS on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:39 pm.  you're only dead if you're shot but you are perfectly all right if you're run over by a truck?Still OK if you are incinerated with gasoline?Because they're not made for the purpose of killing you're not just as dead?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 2 gasoline?    Submitted by newpanther on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:57 pm.  What are you talking about? Frankly, I'm appalled at your lack of sensitivity doctor. Here we have 20 children murdered and you're talking about gasoline.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 I AGREE WITH THE DDS - WHATEVER IT TAKES TO GET THE POINT ACROSS    Submitted by Johnny Dee on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 4:12 am.  P,Wake up and smell the coffee pal. The doc was trying to make a point (like the other 300+ posters are doing here). Before this becomes a runaway politico ad, the doc was commenting on how easy it is for anyone with an evil mind to come up with any method in which to maim/kill others and that guns aren't the only vehicle to do so. In other word if you take away guns from the law abiding citizens, then guess who will make every attempt to get one? Like one other poster said, the cat's out of the bag, there's no turning back. Guns are here to stay. But if you can imagine that all guns are somehow miraculously made to vanish ... guess what the murders will do? They will find another means to kill. That's all the DDS was sayin.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 2 In countries that    Submitted by notfiveo on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 8:18 am.  In countries that implemented much stricter gun control, murders   have declined significantly.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 ANY ANTI-GUN LEGISLATION WOULD SPELL ANARCHY    Submitted by Johnny Dee on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 11:25 am.  N5-0,I'm gonna have to do a rarity and pull a 'Mike Barrett' on you, and ask if you could show me the source of that one. To me, it would seem that if there was ever such strict gun control, that the only ones that would seek guns against the law would be the criminal element.This paradox would then render unarmed law abiding citizens to be picked off at will by anyone who has one of these [illegally gotten] guns, and therefore further the criminal anarchy enterprise. This country has thousands upon thousands of hunting sportsmen, those who shoot for score, and also those who feel safe knowing that if they have a gun, they are secure in knowing that they can protect themselves, their loved ones, and their property from evil.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Gun deaths Australia 2.94    Submitted by notfiveo on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 11:55 am.  Gun deaths Australia 2.94 per 100000U.S gun deaths 13.47 per 100000http://answers.google.com/answers/threadview?id=175376Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 N5-0 AND DOMINOS DELIVERS    Submitted by Johnny Dee on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 4:03 pm.  Wow ... N5-0 is like Dominos -- fast delivery!I had no idea that the Aussies had a gun ban in place.  When I picture an Australian, I see a few guys in a dusty muddy Land Rover with big guns in tow.  Maybe that the way it USED to be, huh?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 8:20 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Personal attack, name callingLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 1 Ridiculous arguments    Submitted by A Markowitz on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 7:55 am.  make you sound ridiculous. Running a pickup truck into a school would hurt the architecture and no one has yet done a mass killing with an improvised gasoline weapon. Certainly a steak knife can do some damage but semi-automatic weapons are the tool of choice for mass killing and there is no reason they should be readily available as they serve no other purpose. Many here are focusing on mental instability which is difficult to predict. Should we all be constantly tested and intimately monitored by a government concerned with monitoring our every thought? Who defines the "mental instability" on which our rights depend? Do you really want that intrusive a government or would it be simpler and more effective to ban semi automatic weapons?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 4 Honestly Doc    Submitted by AA164 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 8:22 pm.  The point isn't to eliminate all forms of violence and mayhem --- the point is to make it harder for an individual to massacre folks using the MOST common tool --- semi-automatic guns and extended round magazines.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 Imagine a drive by with a    Submitted by notfiveo on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 8:42 am.  Imagine a drive by with a baseball bat.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 2 Simply put!    Submitted by mariob on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:18 pm.  Sadly, we are a nation in decline.....Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 3 Nation in decline?    Submitted by notfiveo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:11 pm.  On May 8th, 1927 38 children were killed in a school bombing in Michigan.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 Another view    Submitted by henryt4312 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:28 pm.  It seems to me that young males have been mostly responsible for these recent tragedies. It's no wonder when you look into the gore and senseless violence they are exposed to through the media. Shooter video games, role playing and fantasy games abound and all promote violence and these kids eat them up. Not to mention what they can see at the movies or at home on television. Granted the guns kill but someone has to pull the trigger. We need to evaluate the values we instill in our kids and ensure they are congruent with what they need to coexist within our society. There will always be deranged individuals within any society but we don't need to advocate that violence is an accepted behavior within that society.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 PROUD OF OUR GOVERNOR    Submitted by Johnny Dee on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:40 pm.  I just now noticed the comment following the above article from our own Governor Bob McDonnell.  Well done and well said, Mr. Governor.JD.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Public School Security Act of 2013    Submitted by sully428 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 5:40 pm.  Rather than throwing barbs over gun laws lets look at the problem. As John Dee/Puck have said, we can ban the guns and it will be about as effective as our drug ban. The berserker shooter is cunning and patient. What environments do they look for in which to take as many innocent lives as possible? Mass gatherings inside a building basically free of weapons. The answer is security - moreover armed security. 1) to get the shooter to focus on the LEO, 2) keeps the shooter busy while response forces are in route, 3)provide escape time for civilians, and 4) remove the threat if shooter is shot or killed. So the public school security act would require at least 1 LEO per school @ 98000 public schools. That's an effective expense worth bearing.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 As I said in an earlier post  fine by me    Submitted by AA164 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:41 pm.  And you can pay for this additional security by fees on guns and ammunition sales.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user1 or 2 Control Gun with Technology    Submitted by EricY on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:00 pm.  Whenever massive massacre happened, people always fiercely argue about completely gun control.  However, we do have a middle road.  With modern technology, new gun can be equipped with fingerprint and/or password so only owner can use it and need to activate it once a month.  In addition, Mandatory GPS is connected to the gun so it will be disabled in school zones or can be immediately detected.  Then we can take phases to take old guns back.  Each one can only have one gun to use.  It is expensive to produce new guns and to buy guns.  But if you look at those beautiful kids dead today, and if you look at the fact that strength of NRA, this might be a solution.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 4 Connecticut has very tight gun laws.    Submitted by ohmie on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:26 pm.  This murderer stole his mothers guns and did this. Just think how the damage from this incident would have been greatly reduced if someone in the school had been armed. Further think of how this incident would not have happened at all if someone would not have let the shooter through the secured doors made to prevent incidents like this. Face it, if someone is determined to do carnage the best we can hope is to minimize it as much as possible. If you take guns away from law abiding citizens then you further able the criminals to have the upper hand. This can be by an illegal gun, a knife or by being physically stronger or just by the element of surprise. If taking away guns would stop crime then Britan would have no crime.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 1 If taking away guns would    Submitted by notfiveo on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 10:10 pm.  If taking away guns would stop crime then Britan [sic] would have no crime.No, by taking away guns in Britain the result is far less deaths by guns.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 Oddly, there are gun crimes    Submitted by paramedic70002 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 11:30 pm.  Oddly, there are gun crimes in England using guns that are not supposed to be there. And other violent crime has risen exponentially.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 Realistically per capita gun    Submitted by notfiveo on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 1:16 am.  Realistically per capita gun deaths are far lower than ours, violent crime in Australia is down and Canada's is far lower than ours.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 2 This is not the time to make political points about gun control.    Submitted by cnicholas on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:02 pm.  There are more than 1000 gun control laws on our books. Evil killed these innocent adults and children today. Pure evil. Until we as a nation and a world understand that this is a moral issue, these will continue to happen - if not with guns, with other weapons. This is an illness of the heart. We have not kept God's commandments. We have turned our backs on Him and used free will to reject Him. That allows EVIL to corrupt us. We mourn with the parents, siblings and friends of all the victims, in Connecticut and around the world. God bless those who have been left behind. We know that God has accepted the innocent into His kingdom!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 2 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:02 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Post continued, repeatedLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 1 Comment deleted    Submitted by admin (staffer) on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:07 pm.  Comment removed for rules violation. Reason: Post continued, repeatedLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 0 Why is it the shooters always have illegal guns?    Submitted by ohmie on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:13 pm.  I lived in the Chicago area in the ninties and they have one of the most strick gun laws in the country yet there are people killed EVERY DAY by guns there. Then when you take a look at large cities with conceal carry laws there is the occational gun killing and it is seldom by a legaly owned gun. As far as the jerks that want to compare gun murders in the US with England. Take a look at the total violent murders by gun, knife and beatings, what you'll find is the PERCENT of murders per population is the same. You must be smart enough to know that 2% of 100 is far less than 2% of 1000 but it is the same as far as murders per 100 people.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 FYI on murder rates    Submitted by Len Rothman on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:37 pm.  Britain has a 1.2/100K population rate.Ours is 4.2.The same as Yemen, but worse than Niger, Albania and Palestine.Not something to brag about.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 1 Ban guns    Submitted by boblakeman on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:30 pm.  Another massacre and the NRA members will smile and deny their responsibility. When you think about the children shot through the head by a man armed with a Glock, Sig Sauer, M4, and hundreds of rounds of ammo, and you choose to support his right to buy all the weapons of death, then you are the problem Stop the murder. Take their guns away forever and like Mayor Bloomberg said today insist that Congress pass gun control laws that work, not laws that protect gun rights of violent felons and murderers.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 9 Sorry Bob    Submitted by FWIW on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:32 pm.  Isn't going to happen.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 State your name    Submitted by boblakeman on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:54 pm.  Please give your name and what guns you ownLogin to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user0 or 6 Right....    Submitted by Ptown67 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:10 pm.  That's where the Nazi police state starts. Do you even realize what you are advocating? I think not.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 0 I am a law abiding citizen,    Submitted by mm12175 on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 7:36 pm.  I am a law abiding citizen, so what I do and what I own is none of your business.Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user3 or 0 OK    Submitted by arnative on Sat,  12/15/2012 at 10:19 am.  Sure Bob, I'll bite.Brian - SKSNow, what do you plan to do about it. BTW, I teach shooting and bow and gun safety to kids as well. I must be a really bad man, right Bob?Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user2 or 0 From the mouths of babes...    Submitted by Yupper on Fri,  12/14/2012 at 6:36 pm.  While discussing this tragedy at the dinner table, my 12 year old asked how old the evil person was.  I said 20.  She didn't ask how this could happen or why.  She stated bluntly and matter of fact, "Video Games".  I asked her why she said that.  She said what else do kids do today and the kinds of games they play.  As I titled this, From The Mouths of Babes!!Now, how many of you want to play politics and blame it on guns and how available they are, but play these "first person shooter" games or allow your kids to play them?  As for me, they have no place in a healthy home or for developing or impressionable minds.  Hollywood, TV, and the trash around us is what caused this!!  Enough already with the garbage!Login to your account to post commentsreport violationhide all comments from this user4 or 2 12next last Comment viewing optionsFlat list - collapsedFlat list - expandedThreaded list - collapsedThreaded list - expandedDate - newest firstDate - oldest first10 comments per page20 comments per page30 comments per page40 comments per page50 comments per page70 comments per page90 comments per page150 comments per page200 comments per page250 comments per page300 comments per pageSelect your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes.Please note: Threaded comments work best if you view the oldest comments first.More Nation - World StoriesObama to speak at 7 p.m. at Newtown vigil serviceCalif. mall on lockdown after shots were firedObama will attend interfaith service in Conn.Father of Conn. school gunman: We too ask whyAlways smiling: Portraits of Conn. victims More News StoriesWork on James River Bridge finishes earlySchools capitalize on direct shot at federal funds Prices rise as N.C. hospitals buy medical practices  Two injured in overnight apartment fire in Va. BeachTolls would afflict Va.'s poor, rural Southside region More articles from:  Crime    Education    Nation - World   Local internet marketing by PaperGToolboxPrintEmailSave & Share Delicious Digg Reddit Facebook Twitter Google YahooFind. Do. Tag. Share.Find Local Businesses Popular Searches Restaurants Pizza Furniture Florists Car Repair Hotels Banks Tires Beauty Salons Apparel Appliances Auto Repair Car Rental  Electrician Doctors General Contractors Realtors Dentists Insurance Surgeons Veterinarians Lawyers Plumbers Attorneys Landscaping Mortgage Banker Tweets from @PilotNews/schoolsHamptonRoads.com & PilotOnline.com 1993 - 2012The Virginian-PilotDaily DealClassifiedsAdvertising infoFollow usAbout usContact usNews staffWork for usPrivacy policy