Connecticut school shooting reignites gun control debate | Fox News VideoFox NewsExpandBrowse All VideoLoginWelcome, ProfileLogoutYou're watching...Connecticut school shooting reignites gun control debateAdvertisementDetailsDescriptionSen. Dick Durbin, Rep. Louie Gohmert weigh inDuration9:59DateDec 16, 2012AdvertisementClipsAlso in this playlist...Latest NewsAuto-advance: ONAuto-advanceObama announces creation of task force on gun violenceMo Rocca's new cooking show inspired by grandparentsReports of possible motive emerge in school massacreReaction to Boehner's 'Plan B' for 'fiscal cliff'Ke$ha song yanked after Sandy Hook'Grinch' stealing Christmas decorations in TexasSaggy pants crackdown violates civil rights?White House threatens to veto Boehner's 'Plan B' proposalBlizzard warnings as snowstorm moves from Rockies to MidwestWhat does 'dangerous' national debt level mean for America?Lessons learned from Dunblane after Newton school shootingTop hot messes of 2012View AllAdvertisementTranscriptThis transcript is automatically generatedcome together and take meaningful action.  To prevent more tragedies like this regardless of the politics.  That was President Obama -- suggesting it is now time to reopen the national debate on gun control.  As horrific as this shooting -- we have been here before as a nation and there has been little interest in the last decade in tightening gun laws.  Joining me now Dick Durbin the Senate's number two Democrat who is in his home state of Illinois senator.  How do you read the president's comments that we just -- it is it time for a new push tighter gun control.  Well firstly. We say in the nation in mourning and reflection and prayer over what happened at Newtown Connecticut.  There is -- parent or grandparent across America that didn't visualize some child they love.  Being in this terrible situation and subjected to this kind of violence.  But let me tell you Chris we need a national conversation.  Joseph Lieberman called for commission I'm open to these ideas.  But we need a national conversation about safety I would go beyond Joseph and say let's -- said that issue of school safety into this conversation as well.  But gun control -- part of it we need to sit down and have a quiet calm reflection on the Second Amendment.  Are -- guns that really shouldn't be sold across America.  Military assault weapons such as the one that was involved in this horrific incident in Connecticut.  Are -- high ammunition clips.  A high capacity ammunition clips that really have no value whatsoever when it comes to sporting and hunting and even self defense.  That that a person could buy body armor.  That take that body armor and use it to protect themselves as they kill innocent people.  Can we have a thoughtful calm reflection on these things and do it in the context or Second Amendment I think we need to. President as we had a -- that mentioned regardless of politics and the fact is.  That we have that's slaughter of people at the movie theater in a roar of Colorado just in July.  At that time you said you supported a ban on assault weapons you also -- at exactly that time there's zero chance that congress will pass that.  It's not just Republicans did quite frankly is not what about -- Joseph Lieberman your party has been afraid.  The -- politics to push this for the last decade. Chris there's plenty of blame on on both sides politically.  There's also a responsibility of the people across this nation.  I would appeal to the hunters and sportsman I know them from Illinois they're my friends they're good people.  They love their families they hate with -- hearing about Newtown Connecticut but they've been largely quiet this conversation has been dominated in Washington by.  You know and I know gun lobbyists that have an agenda.  We need for people just ordinary Americans to come together and speak out and to sit down and calmly reflect on how four we go.  I'm going to be holding -- hearing after the first year in about two weeks or so on this constitutional question that's the starting point.  The Supreme Court raise questions about the Second Amendment.  What are the protections what are the responsibilities.  Let's spell this out and let's try to do it -- thoughtful way and move forward together that's what we -- But but.  Let's deal with some of the arguments against.  New gun laws the fact is that Connecticut senator as you well know has some of the toughest gun laws in the country.  Nancy lands of the mother of of the shooter had bought and register these guns legally.  What more -- we do. We'll listen.  Why in the world would anyone even Nancy Lanza need a military assault weapon designed for the military.  That has the the capacity to far off hundreds of -- Heartbreaking to hear this this the coroner does speak about.  These poor little -- whose bodies were riddled with bullets for goodness sakes can we stop for a moment and reflect on this.  I'm all for sport and hunting and self defense this goes way beyond that. And and finally senator.  What about those people those site in our next guest congressman -- as one of them that the real answer.  Is not fewer guns -- more gotten so that if a person like this comes into a movie theater.  Or on wall or a school somebody is there who can take him down. I just honestly think that that argument.  Just doesn't hold water.  When you think about it -- we talked about arming teachers -- principles is that going to make us safer.  America I don't think so too many people -- harmed by firearms that their own firearms that are accidentally miss you mr.  turned on them.  I don't happen to -- that approach at all.  But I I wanna sit down and calmly discuss all the options I think we need to do that is in the nation.  That's the only way we can move move forward and make sure that there's a lesson to be learned in Newtown Connecticut. let me just ask you after.  -- you said there was zero chance congress would pass a new law he's still -- zero chance. No I think that what happened in Newtown Connecticut.  May at least lead some to finally decided to sit down.  And -- to have this conversation I really think we may have a chance because of this terrible tragedy.  That's what happened after 9/11 it can happen after Newtown Connecticut as well. Senator Durbin thank you for joining us today mr.  Thank you.  The core of the debate goes to a basic constitutional provision the right to bear arms does this tragedy change or limit that.  Joining me now Republican congressman -- of Texas congressman welcome -- to be with -- attorney general holder spoke out.  About the shooting on Friday let's take a look at what he -- We need to discuss.  We are as a nation.  Talk about the freedoms that we have the right -- we have -- might be used in a responsible way.  What do you think about his comments about our rights and our freedoms.  Being used in -- Possible what well I think coming from him that's -- really important to note coming from a man who is over department.  That forced the sale of guns to people that would.  Bring about the death of people like Brian Terry.  And and there should be national outrage about Mexicans are neighbors 200 or more that have been killed by the guns that his department.  Have forcibly.  That are forced to be sold so it he's right -- and really senator garbage right.  But the conversation we've got to have.  Has got to have everybody open minded I mean we all react emotionally that's why we've all shed tears in our prayers.  We'll continue to go for the people in Connecticut who lost loved. One right after the the movie theater shooting that we've referred to in July in -- Colorado.  You sad that what we need is more people.  Carrying weapons so that if the shooter comes into a movie theater with a gun somebody can stand up and defend him and defend other people.  Question and this is the question -- do we really want.  Folks in movie theaters and shopping malls and schools.  Armed. Once we have this actually.  Open dialogue about about the situation.  Chris you find out.  Then in job on -- done some great.  Investigation.  In -- this.  Every mass killing of more than three people.  In in recent history.  Has been.  In a place where guns where prohibited.  These gun except for what they choose this place.  They know no one will be armed you know having been a judge and having reviewed photographs of of these horrific scenes and and knowing.  That children have these defensive wounds -- through your arms and hands as they.  Try to protect themselves.  And it and hearing the heroic stories of the principal.  -- and trying to protect.  Chris how we stood god she had had an -- four in her office locked up so when she heard gunfire she pulls it out.  And she didn't have to -- heroically with nothing in her hands but she takes him out takes -- set off before he can kill those precious kids. I understand the right to bear arms and the Supreme Court has made it clear that.  The founders meant what they -- when they put the right to bear arms in the constitution but let me ask the question Dick Durbin -- Why do people need these semi automatic weapons I was reading about -- clocking out in the six hour he had.  Five bullets a socket there is the bush master I mean.  These were created for law enforcement these were created for the military why does does the average person.  I -- has been hunting rifle like tennis and -- and why they need these weapon. As -- mass destruction -- for the reason George Washington said a free people should be an armed people.  It insures against the tyranny of the government if they know that the biggest storm -- Is the American people then you don't have the tyranny that came from king George that's why I was put in there that's why.  Once you start drawing the line where do you stop.  And and that's why it is important to not just look -- most emotionally.  Our reaction -- immediately say let's get rid of all guns but that's why is it you do it as a judge you react emotionally but you.  Use your head and you look at the facts and the facts are that every time.  Guns have been allowed concealed -- have been allowed.  That crime rate has gone down.  Washington DC around us ought to be the safest place in American it's not.  Chicago ought to be site it's not because they're gun laws don't work.  Congressman thank you thanks for coming days and today we'll we'll see where this debate goes from thanks so much. Load MoreRecommendedTrendingThe truth about guns, murder and children in the USADetails emerge on Adam Lanza's pastTeacher: 'All I heard was pop, pop, pop. It wasn't stopping'Wild, bizarre and cute animal moments of 2012'Grinch' stealing Christmas decorations in TexasBodies of 'Cold Blood' killers exhumed in KansasFoxNews.comSearchBack to Top2012 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. All market data delayed 20 minutes. Privacy - Terms - FAQ