www.freep.com | Printer-friendly article pageDecember 15, 2012Conn. gunman shot his way into locked schoolby Yamiche Alcindor, Laura Petrecca, Carolyn Pesce, Gary Srauss and Kevin Johnson, USA TODAYNEWTOWN, Conn. -- Adam Lanza, the gunman who killed 26 people on Friday, 20 of them young children,shot his way into the elementary school  before the carnage occurred, officials said Saturday.A law enforcement official who was not authorized to speak publicly also  told USA TODAY  also said more weapons at the Newton home where Lanza's mother, Nancy Lanza, was found dead.State Police Lt. Paul Vance said at a news briefing that authorities involved in the investigation also have uncovered evidence at Sandy Hill Elementary School and the home.Lanza, 20,  entered Sandy Hook Elementary School here, then shot and killed 20 young children, along with 6 teachers and caretakers. Police say his mother, Nancy Lanza, who did not teach at the school, was killed earlier in the day.NBC was reporting Saturday that Adam Lanza may have had a confrontation with someone at the school days before the shooting. But Vance told Fox News that he had no information that a confrontation took place. As far as a motive for the slaying? "I don't have definitive information we're ready to publicize at this point,'' Vance said.The official said investigators were visiting surrounding gun dealers to determine whether the shooter had sought weapons in advance of the massacre. But there was no immediate indication that he had attempted a purchase.The official said authorities also investigated reports that the shooter may have visited the school in the days before the attacks, but those were reports were so far unfounded.Lanza was found dead inside the school of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. There were two semi-automatic handguns were found near his body and a .223 assault rifle was found in a car. The official didn't specify the types of additional weapons found at the home.Police have established a timeline of events but would not release it.At an earlier morning briefing, Vance would not say if investigators had found any notes or writings indicating Lanza's motive. "We're not going to name the evidence,'' he said. What they've found is "good evidence.""We're hopeful that it will paint a complete picture," he said.Shedding some light on what happened, Vance said the gunman "was not voluntarily let into the school" and that broken windows were caused by police and tactical squads responding to the shooting and forcing their way into the building.The names of  the victims will be released once the medical examiner is finished identifying the bodies, but Vance didn't say when that would happen. Detectives were still working at the crime scene."It's going to be a long, painstaking process," Vance said.Vance said family members have asked media to respect their privacy. "This is an extremely heartbreaking thing for them to endure," he said. State Troopers have been assigned to stand outside the homes of victims' families to protect their privacy, he said.A crisis intervention team from Yale University has been set up for people in town who may need to talk to someone, Vance  said.At church vigils Friday night and gatherings all around Newtown into the wee hours of Saturday morning there was a collective cry of unbelief and grieving and people asking why and how something like this could have happened.The unsatisfying answer is that nobody knows why Adam Lanza shot his mother and why he then took her guns to the school and murdered 26 others.Around town flags flew at half mast. On Church Hill Road, which leads into Sandy Hook,  a large sheet hung on the side of a bridge. The blue lettering read: "We (heart) you Sandy Hook Elementary."It is a sad and busy morning at Newtown's only funeral parlor, the Honan Funeral Home."We are in the process of meeting with families," said funeral director  Daniel Honan.Separately, members of the Connecticut Funeral DIrector's Association are meeting Saturday to determine how they can help Honan as well as the families of victims, said the association's spokeswoman Laura Soll.  For instance, they can help with transportation issues, she said. Although Honan is the only funeral parlor in town, Soll said that it won't be the only one providing services for families.Declan Procaccini said Saturday he was bracing himself for the release of the names of those who died."It's just something that right now I can't even imagine when they release the names of those children," he told CNN.He said his daughter was in a reading class with other children and two teachers when the shooting started. They locked themselves in a bathroom until police banged on the door and led them through the school -- and the bloody scene -- to safety.What happened on Friday "is lunacy," said local resident Shannon Doherty. "It's nuts, it's totally nuts."The town is so close that he is sure he's going to know the victims. "We're going to know these kids," he said.He and his wife Tamara aren't sure what to say to their own kids, a 10-year-old boy and a 13-year-old girl, about the terrible events. "What do you tell them?" he asked.Laura and Nick Phelps have a six-year-old boy who is a first grader and a daughter in the third grade, both who got out of the school safely.Laura Phelps told CNN her son "said he saw people on the floor, sleeping." They said their son doesn't seem to understand what happened while their daughter is more upset.They're struggling with how to tell both kids that their friends have been killed."We're devastated and heartbroken" for the families who didn't find their children at the firehouse," Nick Phelps said tearfully."They all heard and saw things children shouldn't see," Laura Phelps said. "It's unspeakable. It's like reaching into your insides and pulling them out ..It's something we'll get through but I don't think it's something we'll ever get over."After receiving word of the shooting, Tracy Hoekenga who was at one vigil she was paralyzed with fear for her two boys, fourth-grader C.J. and second grader Matthew."I couldn't breathe. It's indescribable. For a half an hour, 45 minutes, I had no idea if my kids were OK," she said.The nightmare began on Friday when Adam Lanza drove his mother's car through a 300-year-old town with its fine old churches and towering trees and arrived at a school full of the season's joy. Somehow, he got past a security door to a place where children should have been safe from harm.Sandy Hook Elementary School teacher Theodore Varga and other fourth-grade instructors were meeting; the glow remained from the previous night's fourth-grade concert."It was a lovely day," Varga said. "Everybody was joyful and cheerful. We were ending the week on a high note."And then, suddenly and unfathomably, gunshots rang out. "I can't even remember how many," he said.The incident -- among the worst school shootings in U.S. history -- is the latest in a series of mass shootings in the U.S. this year, including Tuesday's assault by a lone gunman at a Portland, Ore., shopping mall that left two dead and one wounded.Three weapons were found at the scene in Newtown - a Glock and a Sig Sauer, both pistols, inside the school, and a .223-caliber rifle in the back of a car.A federal law enforcement official said the guns had been legally bought and registered by Nancy Lanza.FULL COVERAGE: Connecticut school shootingAs the Newtown community struggles to cope with the unspeakable violence that claimed 20 of their youngest members, new details about Adam Lanza are beginning to emerge.Ryan Lanza, the suspect's 24-year-old brother, who was questioned by law enforcement in Hoboken, N.J., on Friday, said Adam was believed to suffer from a personality disorder. He told police that he had not been in touch with his brother since about 2010.Restaurant owner Mark Tambascio, a family friend, said Nancy Lanza told him recently that her son Adam had Asperger syndrome, that he was "getting out of control and that she might need special help for him."Adam Lanza's aunt said her nephew was raised by kind, nurturing parents who would not have hesitated to seek mental help for him if he needed it, the Associated Press reported.Marsha Lanza, of Crystal Lake, Ill., told AP she was close with Nancy Lanza, and sent her a message on Facebook on Friday morning asking how she was doing. Nancy Lanza never responded.Marsha Lanza described Nancy Lanza as a good mother and kind-hearted.If her son had needed counseling, "Nancy wasn't one to deny reality," she said.Marsha Lanza said her husband saw Adam as recently as June and recalled nothing out of the ordinary about him.Investigators are trying to learn as much as possible about Adam Lanza. So far, authorities have not spoken publicly of any possible motive. They found no note or manifesto, and Lanza had no criminal history.Witnesses told AP that during the shooting, Lanza didn't utter a word.Police said the shootings took place in two rooms in one section of the school building, including a kindergarten classroom.Varga said he was a meeting with other teachers when he heard the gunfire, but there was no lock on the door.He said someone turned on the public address system so that "you could hear the hysteria that was going on. I think whoever did that saved a lot of people. Everyone in the school was listening to the terror that was transpiring."As the shooting erupted, quick-thinking teachers and faculty members hid some students in closets and bathrooms, while others rounded up students and spirited them out of the building."A lot of children are alive today because of actions the teacher took,"  Dr. Janet Robinson, superintendent of the Newton Public School District,  told CNN on Saturday.Children lucky enough to escape the carnage fled in frightened groups -- some crying, some holding hands -- as they were escorted from the single-story school by teachers. Witnesses reported up to 100 shots were fired.Vance said the murder scene was so gruesome that first responders, including tactical squad police, were provided counseling later in the day. "This was a tragic, horrific scene they encountered,'' he said.Vance said 18 of the children and six adults died at the school. Two other children were pronounced dead after they were taken to local hospitals. One wounded victim was hospitalized.In Washington on Friday, a visibly shaken President Obama, wiping away tears, said he was "heartbroken.""These were "beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old,'' Obama said. "They had their entire lives ahead of them. Birthdays. Graduations. Weddings. Kids of their own."Sandy Hook is in a residential, wooded neighborhood about 60 miles northeast of New York City. The school, which serves kindergartners to fourth-graders, has 39 teachers and nearly 700 students. A reverse 911 call went out to parents warning of an incident, shaking the quiet, middle and upper-middle class community of 27,000 to its core."This is the most tragic thing we've ever encountered,'' said Newtown Police Lt. George Sinko. "We have to think about the families right now."Sandy Hook Elementary Principal Dawn Hochsprung is one of the victims who died, said Gerald Stomski, first selectman of Woodbury, Conn. He said police told him Hochsprung died in the attack.He says she was a principal in Woodbury until a few years ago. He says residents were mourning her death.Stomski says she had "an extremely likable style."Hochsprung had been principal at Sandy Hook Elementary since 2010. Hochsprung had frequently tweeted photos from her job and wrote upbeat tweets about what was going on at the school.More hauntingly, several publications report she wrote a letter before the school year outlining new safety measures including locked doors during school hours.Hundreds of Newtown resident met Friday night in three different churches to remember the victims, offering hugs, tears and words of kindness to their fellow townspeople.Hundreds packed the St. Rose of Lima church in Newtown, while hundreds more spilled outside. Some held hands in circles and offered prayers. Others lit candles and sang Silent Night.On Friday evening, Ray Ruzek, owner of Heaven ice cream shop in Sandy Hook, attached a handwritten sign next to store sign posted outside his business. It said "Come pray 7 pm."He has hosted a Christian prayer group at the shop on Friday nights since October, but he doesn't usually hang such a sign. But last night was different.He knew others in the community would need additional support in the wake of a local shooting.  And he wanted to make sure that his friends and neighbors knew that his group could be a resource for them."Tonight is obviously special to us because of the tragedy," he said.Contributing:  Wendy Koch, Gary Stoller; Associated Press.Copyright 2012 USATODAY.com