Newtown gunman tried to buy rifle days before shooting - U.S. NewsMSNHotmailMoreAutosMy MSNVideoCareers & JobsPersonalsWeatherDelishQuotesWhite PagesGamesReal EstateWonderwallHoroscopesShoppingYellow PagesLocal EditionTrafficFeedbackMaps & DirectionsTravelFull MSN IndexBing NBCNews.comsites & shows:TODAYNightly NewsRock CenterMeet the PressDatelinemsnbcBreaking NewsEveryBlockNewsvineHomeUSWorldPoliticsBusinessSportsEntertainmentHealthTech & scienceTravelLocalWeatherAdvertise | AdChoices Recommended: Man pleads guilty to abandoning 30 animals at out-of-business pet storeRecommended: After school shooting, quiet Newtown wonders, 'How can we be protected from people like this?'Recommended: Vigils, services honor Connecticut school shooting victimsRecommended: Gunman's mother owned weapons used in Connecticut school massacreNBC News reporters bring you compelling stories from across the nation. For more U.S. news, follow us on Twitter and Facebook.  About this blog Archives E-mail updates Follow on Twitter Subscribe to RSS442commentsPrint5hoursagoNewtown gunman tried to buy rifle days before shootingConnecticut state police hold a news conference to update the investigation into Friday's deadly shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn.By Tracy Connor and Pete Williams, NBC News EXCLUSIVEUPDATED 1:33 p.m. ET: The gunman in the Newtown massacre tried unsuccessfully to buy a rifle three days before he killed 20 children, six adults and himself at Sandy Hook Elementary School, Connecticut and federal officials told NBC News Saturday.Follow @NBCNewsUSAdam Lanza, 20, went to a Dick's Sporting Goods store in Danbury, Conn., on Tuesday to buy the weapon, but was turned down because he didn't want to undergo a background check or abide by the state's waiting period for gun sales, the officials said.Still, Lanza was heavily armed when he forced his way into the school Friday morning  after killing his mother at their home in Newtown.Advertise | AdChoices The officials said he had four handguns on him as he stormed the 600-student school and shot his victims  clustered in two classrooms  at close range. There was a rifle found in the car he drove to Sandy Hook.Previously, officials had said Lanza was armed with two pistols as he rampaged through the suburban school and that the weapons were legally purchased and registered to his mother, Nancy.At a Saturday briefing, Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance said officials were tracing every weapon connected to the shooter.The motive for the mass killing was unknown, but officials told NBC's Pete Williams that they were investigating whether Lanza is the person who had an "altercation" with four staff members at the school on Thursday.Three of the four were killed Friday in one of the worst school shootings in U.S. history. The fourth staff member was not at school that day and is being interviewed by federal and state investigators, Williams said.Authorities have finished the heart-wrenching task of identifying the dead and said they would soon release the names.The bodies have been removed from the school and taken to the medical examiner's office, but it could take at least two more days for investigators to finish combing over the crime scene.Weve been doing everything we need to do to peel back the onion, layer by layer, and get more information, Vance said.Investigators have already compiled very good evidence that can be used to make a complete picture of the slaughter and the suspect, Vance said.Police have also determined Lanza, 20, was not buzzed into Sandy Hook, where he was once a student.He forced his way into the school, Vance said. He did not provide specifics and said that broken windows at the school may have been shattered by police who responded to the emergency.NBC's Pete Williams reports that Connecticut school shooter Adam Lanza attempted to purchase a rifle earlier this week at a sporting goods store in Danbury, Conn.Several officials told NBC News that once Lanza was inside, he shot the 20 children at close range.Of the many questions surrounding the tragedy, none was more poignant than those posed by the parents of the dead children, whowere mostly concerned that the children had not suffered in their final moments.They were wondering whether the children knew what was happening to them, whether they were afraid, saidMonsignor Robert Weiss of St. Rose of Lima Church, whomet with the families overnight at a firehouse while workers from the medical examiner's office identified the bodies.A state trooper has been assigned to the family of each victim so they can grieve in private, Vance said. This is an extremely heart-breaking, difficult thing, he said.Police provided little information about the shooters state of mind. Lanzas brother told police the gunman had a history of mental problems, though a classmate from Newtown High School recalled him as a generally happy person.We would hang out, and he was a good kid,Joshua Milas, who had not seen Lanza in a few years, told The Associated Press. He was probably one of the smartest kids I know. He was probably a genius.The weapons he used were were legally purchased and registered to his mother, two law enforcement officials said. Two 9mm handguns were recovered inside the school. An AR-15-type rifle also was found outside.Lanzas connection to the school was unclear. Law enforcement officials initially said his mother was a kindergarten teacher there, but the school superintendent toldTODAYthat she wasnt a full-time staffer and may have been a substitute.Police said their investigation into Lanza and how he carried out the horrendous crime was still in the early stages.Advertise | AdChoices We have a mountain of evidence, both physical and forensic,Newtown Police Lt. George Sinkosaid. Obviously were not going to leave any stone unturned.He said the entire town of 27,000  a sleepy bedroom community some 60 miles from New York City and known for its good schools  was reeling.We never thought this would happen here, Sinko said. Our hearts are broken for the families of these victims.Even the young survivors -- ages 5 to 10 -- will be scarred. They spoke of huddling in corners of locked classrooms and closets with heroic teachers while shots rang out around them.Sandy Hook Elementary principal Dawn Hochsprung died in the attack after reportedly running toward the gunfire to protect her students. TODAY's Erica Hill reports, and Savannah Guthrie talks with two men who knew her. Robert Licata said his 6-year-old son was in class when the gunman burst in and shot the teacher."That's when my son grabbed a bunch of his friends and ran out the door," he told The Associated Press. "He was very brave."The school superintendent, Dr. Janet Robinson, said the body count would have been even higher if not for staff who rushed to protect their young charges. All of the dead were found in two rooms.A lot of children are alive today because of actions the teachers took, she said.The high death toll and the tender age of the victims sent shock waves all the way to the White House, where the flag was lowered to half-staff.President Obama, his voice cracking at times, said he reacted to the tragedy first as a parent.Our hearts are broken today,'' he said in a news conference Friday. The majority of those who died today were children. Beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old.NBC News Chief Justice Correspondent Pete Williams and NBC News.com's John Schoen contributed to this report.Related content from NBCNews.com: Elementary school massacre: 28 killed, including 20 kidsQuiet town wonders, 'How can we be protected'?Vigils, services honor school shooting victimsVideo: 'Our hearts are broken,' Obama saysGunman's mother owned weapons used in massacre'Screams were coming over the intercom'Traumatized nation reels from 'day of sadness and grief' Video: School shooting reignites gun control debateHow to talk to kids about the school shooting Massacre leaves America shocked and grieving ... againConnecticut school shooting is second worst in US historyAuthorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacreAdvertise | AdChoices Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and FacebookSlideshow: Connecticut school massacreMichelle Mcloughlin / ReutersThe second deadliest school shooting in U.S. history sent crying children spilling into the school parking lot as frightened parents waited for word on their loved ones.Launch slideshowExplore related topics: schools, crim, connecticut-school-shootingolder6hoursagoMass traumas ripple across towns   and timenewer2hoursagoLives saved by teachers, custodian and even childrenDiscuss this postJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  8Dee Dee-2887849I don't understand what his mother felt the need to have 5 guns? Mental illness in the home and guns do not mix! It is a recipe for disaster.43 votes#1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:30 AM ESTKevin from Oregonagreed. somethings wrong with that pic....we will hear more as this plays out.10 votes#1.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:10 AM ESTGCK-WYOWell I have 4 guns just in by bedroom. A .20 gauge shotgun, .308 thompson contender pistol, .243 remington rifle, and a .357 pistol. I am also a 21 year old white male. I don't plan on going on a killing spree.Let's leave the assumptions and speculation to the "sensational" media.23 votes#1.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:25 AM ESTJrzWrldExactly. Why on earth would a woman living in one of the safest suburban communities in the country feel the need to have multiple firearms in her house when she has a child who has a long history of mental illness? I cannot imagine that rationale at all.I grew up in a house full of guns - my father was a hunter and we lived in a rural area. I can see both sides of the argument on gun control. But this idea that you are safer in the house if you have a gun is pure fantasy in most cases. Why do we read in the papers about people scaring intruders or assailants off with guns? Because it's NEWS - it happens so rarely that it makes headlines. Unless you live in a terrible neighborhood, or out in the middle of nowhere, a gun is more likely to be a major liability. Home invasions are NOT common in most areas. Violent crime is at historic lows in this country. If you want to protect yourself and your family, invest in some decent security doors, an alarm and a big friendly dog that barks when anyone comes around.The real problem with guns is that too many idiots own them. In my version of gun control, people would take rigorous classes and training before owning one or receiving any kind of permit to carry (current standards are mostly a joke). Too many people treat them like toys, store them improperly, handle them carelessly and respond inappropriately when they feel threatened. And yet, in many states, gun ownership requires less testing and training than driving a car. That's insane. The NRA can fight every attempt at regulation if it wants, but a few more cases like this and all they will succeed in doing is uniting the majority of the public against guns entirely.47 votes#1.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:31 AM ESTAnita-2036926I agree with just about everything you said.  What I wonder about is how many more of these events we have to have to unite the majority of the public against guns?  Or at least against unrestricted, unregulated gun ownership?  What does the body count have to be?12 votes#1.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:38 AM ESTWilliamOfRites. I am also a 21 year old white male. I don't plan on going on a killing spree.I'm sure 6 months ago Mr. Lanza didn't either.Or at least against unrestricted, unregulated gun ownership? What does the body count have to be?That number is the same as the square root of any negative number, it doesn't exist.14 votes#1.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:51 AM ESTLogical-7476822JRzWrld- You may want to take a look at the gun laws in Norway. Didn't seem to help all those dead kids.You need to look at the real issue. The shooters in Arizona, Colorado and this one all seem to have a common issue. Mental Health issues. Not sure about the last mall shooters mental health but it sure sounds like he had some thing going on.The left want to blame the guns and not the person with the Mental health issues. 20 votes#1.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:00 AM ESTsickandtired-554972Maybe we ought to place the same regs in place for guns as the govt did with medical marijuana. High surveillance, acces to the business owners nank records, audits, etc. Yes this will put a lot of businesses out of nusiness, but thoses are also not playing the game. One 410 shotgun with a good dog is all you need to protect your house. Anymore than this is overkill, no pun intended. Ban handguns and assualt weapons and recognize there is a major illness in America and it is mentel illness!!!! The two do not go togehter very well. I also have to ask why five guns in a safe neigborhood with a child with history of mental illness? REALLY!?4 votes#1.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:08 AM ESTSuzi SaulGCK, do you have anyone living in your home with mental health issues? No? Then I'm not worried about you having guns. 6 votes#1.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:19 AM ESTpedroraExactly my brother, there was no need to have five guns, one is just enough and they kept the bullets in the gun to shoot. There are numerous errors conducted here. When I was in the army we kept the ammo locked up and only one person have access to it as well as the m16 riffle inwhich I was in charge of locking up the riffle, there is no problem with that and it work just fine. Two why on earth the teacher was trying to prove that guns are safe, yes in the right hand if properly trained no in the wrong hand if unproperly trained, look at prior incidents like the one at the malls which frequently occurs. That person was hunting for vicitms. I stand firm against hunting animals for the sport, you can hunt for food and not all the animals, but in hunting season anything goes which is wrong, there is no order or principals. I always said, Police are promoting weapons of mass destruction, look at those two officer they have guns, showing them which teaches the children its ok to have guns and they are not properly trained. And as far as the administrator, well I have known that they lie about how truly she was, so I am bais about what was said about her. A teacher has to be train on conducting teaching business, a law enforcement has to be trained in law enforcement and its not adequate the training they have because they don't know how to handle a cituation like this. training can be done to get familiarized with cituation like this. Another thing, why on earth does that swat teams come after the fact, gee the school have enough employees. Where was the school police at the time and why they were not stationed in from of the school guarding it the children.#1.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:29 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710Well I have 4 guns just in by bedroom.Here's one that bears watching....12 votes#1.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:31 AM ESTtexasbobI have often wondered why people feel the need to have a whole bag full of gulf clubs and sometimes multiple bags of gulf clubs I just don't understand.12 votes#1.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:32 AM ESTTim MockThis is the prime example of people trying to blame inanimate Object! I got an idea for the people who like to blame the gun while were trying to make gun ownership illegal we should try to make Cocaine, Crack and other bad drugs illegal as well! Ohhhh Wait we already did! Yet its so plenty available, the same kinda people that can get ahold of illegal guns can purchase almost any kind of drug they want on a daily basis. What i cant believe is that so many people are so blind to whats going on around them that they have no clue whats going on.The real issue should be How can a person walk right up to a school full of children and enter so easily? RThats what i want to know. How can Our house of represenatives (The House that is and has been Republican Majority ruled sit there spend trillions on wars that they never found the weapons of mass destructions they started them for in the first place), Sit there destroying and rebuilding other countries while they cut funding for our federal education system, knowing full damn well whats been going on in the past 15 or so years. Why is does everyone focus on an Inanimate object when our attentiopn should be doing something that actually protects the children. Maybe our represenatives should stop giving 100s of millions in tax breaks to the Big oil companies and use some of the money to make a federal law to put guards at our schools. While the house sits there and refuses to work to help its own people and send our soldiers off to fight wars only to protect the Big oil profits, Americas kids pay with the tax cuts by staring down the barrel of a Gun! people try to say this has nothing to dow ith politics? It sure as Hell does, the politcis are the ones cutting the funding so the schools cant even afford to give the kids a pencil and paper needed to provide the education the government claims everyone has the right too! We all know that Gun wills always been gotten anytime a person wants even if its obtained illegally, i hate to tell ya this but Illegal guns are on the streets just like the drugs that have been illegal for many years! The only way to protect the kids is to get the funding out of other countries for once and put it back in the places it belongs. The Bushs family War Vendette is over, lets start taking care of our own!6 votes#1.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:41 AM ESTplain bobwait and see... in the competative world of crazy...their will be another school shooting...these nut's like the media hype...seem's like every time this happens some dummy...does his worst to top the other guy...kind'a wish they would down play the story...1 vote#1.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:49 AM ESTchuck-2111043I am just sick about this. I am a 57 year old man with 8 children between me and my wife. We have Grand children of this age. I got a pop up on my face book yesterday right after this that said more guns less crime. I really couldn't believe my eyes. Someone I know liked the pic. I lost it right then and there. Now I own many guns as I am or should say used to be a hunter. But we need to have some restriction on guns. The second amendment does not say anything about military weapons being in the hands of everyday people. Think about this! When the amendment was written, Our country was a wilderness. We had no police, hell we didn't have a Army or national guard. So we needed our guns for protection. Maybe we still do. There are still people out there that would do us harm in our homes and land. I don't have a problem with the 9mm with a 9 shot clip. I do have a problem with the 30 round clips. There is no reason for the assault rifles. These people that think the government is so bad are the ones that have these. They are for killing men and nothing else. We can meet somewhere in the Middle. The NRA wants no control. Walstreet whats no control on them either and look where this letting people do what they want has gotten us. NRA is the lobby for the Gun makers and nothing else. Who are they looking out for? There profits and nothing else. Company's Profits are not the most important thing to America and Americans. Are we going to keep letting company's pollute our air and water just so they can make more profits. HELL NO. Are We going to keep letting the NRA Dictate to us what can and can not be sold in America? HELL NO. We can not trust people to do the right things. That is why we need to push our Government to Regulate things. Now having said that. We need something in the middle. So many times we go to fare with new laws, then we have to come back to the middle. Less go to the middle to start with. Less not walk all over others to get what we want. Some Gun control is ok. Maybe something like putting limits on how many rounds a gun hold.     14 votes#1.14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:51 AM ESTsquirrel-2382962 we have serveral guns more then 5 and the are of different calibers gages whatever his father gave him his when he died and my husband had some of his own the 410 I use for my protection if needed no aim needed just shoot. the 22 is for shooting small type hunting squirrels snakes etc. 306  my husband uses to hunt deer.  the pistols are to carry around when you can't carry a rifle or shotgun  maybe if some idiot thought a person had a gun on them they wouldn't be so out to rob or try to kill them. Maybe the guns belonged to her grandfather and father who gave them to her to give to her sons who knows and who is going to abide the gun ban, law biding citizens the others will get the guns any way they can they already do. banning guns isn't the answer You can not take that right away from everyone I don't know what will stop this kind of killings maybe banning these games that allow kids to think it s okay to walk into a place and kill people maybe locks that go on all kinds of guns and gun cabinets that are affordable to buy. Banning the rights to own a gun won't do it people wake up this world is "all about me" parents pass it to their kids and when its no longer about them then there is problems  you don't have to respect your parents or anyone else People wanted God out of everything and now kids don't think theres anyone to answer to for what the do.  This world is in a bad place where there is no turning back til it is over........#1.15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:13 AM ESTKris1234-3592742We definitely need limits.  There are a lot of people in America with mental issues, who don't get help or are on meds that are mind-altering.  There's simply no way of knowing who is going to reach their limit of tolerance, or how they may react.I see absolutely no reason for the average citizen to have an assault weapon or anything more than the six bullets a regular handgun holds in its chamer.  There should be trigger locks on ALL guns when children are present or may be present (eg., grandchildren, nephews, nieces, etc.)  Kids have little concept of death and that it is the ending of life.  There have been several stories of kids killing themselves and others, also.  Way too many.Short of having armed security forces at each and every school, roaming the grounds and metal detectors in ALL schools, I don't know of any other answer to this kind of violence, except to homeschool, which brings about all kinds of other issues.The TODAY show also mentioned this morning about "bars being set" in these types of mass killings.  Once these start to occur, you're going to have other sickos thinking, "Oh, well I can top that one."  It doesn't matter whether that type of person dies committing this type of murder, as they already aren't thinking correctly.  All they are thinking about are their own selfish reasons for "martyrdom".It's rather telling that we know the name of the murderer here, but nothing about the victims.  No names, nothing.  I know this will come out eventually, but already, the murderer is "famous" (infamous).2 votes#1.16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:21 AM ESTRonzwyfLet's get some real perspective, People! Guns don't shoot themselves, and, tougher gun laws will only remove guns from law abiding citizens, leaving honest citizen's at the mercy of people like this... Be realistic, Cops and the Military can't be everywhere to protect everyone, which is why we have the Constitutional Amendment to "Bear Arms". (and before you ask, the definition "Bear" is more than just a furry animal!) Don't be so willing to throw away a Constitutional Right that has kept this country safe from foreign assault for centuries.. Everyone knows one country may be able to overpower another countries military; but, it is impossible to capture a nation that is citizen armed.If someone wants to go on a shooting spree, they can find guns on line, in street black market sales, at gun shops and just about anyplace they want. There is no way to remove ALL THE GUNS.... What we need is tougher accountability laws... Make the punishment sooo bad, people won't want to use the guns on others..... And make these crimes ineligible for appeal if convicted. Maybe America should take a look at tougher countries courts... If convicted for a heinous crime like this, the guilty are executed within a timely manner... They don't sit in a jail cell for years, being fed, clothed, watching videos and using the computer, like a jailed hotel.. You can't have it both ways People.... You can't ask for legal accountability for the crime; and then worry more about the criminals civil rights, than the victims rights for justice....As for this guy, well, tougher gun laws wouldn't have made a difference. He already massacred his parents and planned to kill himself as well.. Like it or not, he is already receiving his eternal judgement; which is far worse than anything the courts could do on earth... The only consolation to all this... If you believe in God and read your bible.. one of the biggest abominations in God's eyes is the slaughter of the innocents.. There is nothing more innocent than small children, before they reach the age of accountability... Judgement has been rendered and this guy is warming his backside the hard way....7 votes#1.17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:39 AM ESTYoungconYou all seem to forget, or just not realize that millions of Americans own guns. There are vastly more responsible gun owners than people like the man who caused this tragedy.You may not live in rural areas, but the do still exist.  Many people still use guns as a means of providing food for their family. You may find this backwards, but I promise you I'll never go hungry nor will my family.Many young women, like myself, carry concealed. Why? What am I so afraid of you ask? Not much, but I do recognize the potential to be a victim of violent crime. What can I do to protect myself from a man who wants to hurt me? I am not big, that fast, or very strong. But I can defend myself with my firearm.Guns are useful tools. Those of us who have grown up around them know that you can teach gun safety and respect to young kids. To anyone. The sport is fun, I enjoy shooting different guns. That's why I have more than one.Please don't advocate taking away my means of putting food on the table or protecting myself and my family. Please don't advocate the complete destruction of my privacy with surveillance. Don't take away my rights because you are scared of something you don't understand.Also, 2nd Amendment is to protect you from your government, not for the government to protect you.2 votes#1.18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:43 AM ESTnuts8 Putting a ban on guns will do nothing to stop nut jobs from getting guns. If they want them they will get them one way or another. Drugs are banned but people still do not have any trouble getting those.3 votes#1.19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:47 AM ESTJB from metro NYGCK...this is not about you! That's the trouble with NRA types, always selfish, always twisting things. 20 kids are dead. Knock off the spiel about your freaking guns.3 votes#1.20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:49 AM ESTJB from metro NYBut nuts8, you just argued against yourself. Of course drugs are banned, yet of course criminals still get them. You still try and fight them. Your argument is so dumb, and repeated over and over mindlessly. Brainwashed.2 votes#1.21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:51 AM ESTKathy in WII am sickened by the pictures or interviews with the victims especially the children.  Shame on the journalists and the broadcast companies for using these images.   Having to answer questions or see these images can be traumatizing to the victims.  Has the need to "get the scoop" numbed any sense of sensitiving or compassion.  Obviously this gunman (as others in the past)struggled with mental illness. None of us understands how this media attention might encourage a disturbed mind.   When are we going to come to our senses and use the media to support this community with out sensationalism and provide information that could perhaps disuade these acts in thr future.   We have to hold ourselves accountable for doing what we can to change the attention/focus of these news stories not just gun laws.#1.22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:57 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710I have often wondered why people feel the need to have a whole bag full  of gulf clubs and sometimes multiple bags of gulf clubs I just don't  understand.We'll worry about that the next time some disturbed person gets hold of a bag of golf clubs and kills 20 five-year-olds with it.4 votes#1.23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:00 PM ESTgina-1764361Why did the news have to say  "This massacre beats the Columbine massacre"   Idiots!3 votes#1.24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:02 PM ESTConjuring CatI would say, EO that if texas up there can't tell the difference between a gun and a golf club, he shouldn't be trusted with either...4 votes#1.25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:07 PM ESTJerry-1927474Mr. President, I have heard it said that you are a smart man, if this is true then you know more gun laws will serve no purpose. We already have laws that prohibit the purchase of weapons by convicted felons and the mentally ill and military type weapons. The problem is not with guns, and you know that Mr. President. Either you have another reason for taking away Americans right to bear arms or you are not as smart as I took you to be. You also know that a criminal can get a weapon anytime they want. There is nothing that could have been done about what happen at this school. This young man was mentally disturbed and the only other possible people who knew this, was his mother and his brother and possibly his father. If there is fault to be put anywhere it might be on the mother as she could have had the weapons under lock and key, but that probally still would not have stopped this man as he would have forced her to get them for him. Also if his intent was to kill, then he would have found away. Mr. President if you were to look at this and see that the only way this could have been minimized would actually have been if all the personel in the office had been armed. I believe that had this been the case and these people had been trained in the use of their weapons, one of them would have taken this guy out. Thank You Mr. President for your heart felt sympathy for these children and their teachers and loved ones. I to as a grown man cannot stop crying about this. May God bless all the family's and give them strength to go on.2 votes#1.26 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:09 PM ESTOhio48I am so sick and tired of gun activists hiding behind the 2nd amendment....The 2nd amendment was included in the Constitution to permit people to bear arms against the British who wanted to suppress us when we declared our independance...The only people who should be permitted to have guns are law enforcement, the military and people who have to hunt for food (not sport).Yes, its not the guns, but insane people who do these things, but its even more insane to allow people to amass an arsenal. Think of all the violence that would be eliminated if the only people with guns were law enforcement and the military. We wouldn't hear of kids shooting themselves by accident, people going into theatres and schools and massacring dozens, or driveby shootings or people shooting their families.....Contrary to any argument, the world would be a safer place. Its much more difficult for someone to do damage with a knife or a club than it is to blow your head off with one shot.Sorry, but all those that think mental illness is behind all gun violence...guess again.Yes, it takes a mentally ill person to shoot up a school or theatre full of people...but how much gun violence occurs one on one....make your arguement to the inner city kids who cant play outside because the drug dealers on the street can open fire at any moment...or to the person who had a gun put to the back of their head as someone demands their wallet. Alot of criminals (and others) are far from crazy...theyre just acting out of desperation.6 votes#1.27 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:14 PM ESTJimSpenceOnce again, the focus on this tragedy is misguided.Of course, the parochial reaction is to blame the guns that took the lives of these children and teachers. It's the easy way out. Just throw the blame on the guns for being misused. If the guns weren't there none of this would have happened.Maybe, maybe not.Maybe not yesterday, maybe not today, but someday it would have happened. Creating more laws, rules, regulations and inconveniences has never worked. No law has ever prevented a crime. We have tens of thousands of laws, rules and regulations to make motor vehicles safer yet we still had more than 34,000 people killed last year by motor vehicles. We have thousands of laws, rules and regulations for alcohol and drug abuse and we still had over 40,000 and 26,000 deaths last year respectively from them.Last year there were 11,101 homicides by discharge of firearms. But there were also 4,852 homicides by unspecified means. Almost 1/3 of the homicides were by means other than firearms.As we have seen, the "wars" on drugs, crime, poverty and illiteracy have been abject failures. What makes us think we can control guns any better than we control drugs, alcohol, poverty or illiteracy? We can't. The only thing we can do is to educate ourselves and our children as well as possible to be familiar with the warning signs that usually precede these tragedies.This horrific event wasn't due to guns, or access to them, it was due to evil.Evil walked into Sandyhook elementary school yesterday and uncaringly murdered innocent children and teachers. This was a very sick individual. Something horrible happened to a 20 year old man in Newtown and he couldn't control himself any longer. If he didn't get the guns from his mothers home he would have gotten them some other way. Just like we think we control the effects of drugs and alcohol, we don't.Hundreds of similar scenarios like this happen every day. They're not as sensational as this, but they do happen. Drugs and alcohol kill dozens of people every day, often young children are involved. They kill by overdoses or being impaired behind the wheel of a car. They kill themselves and innocent people they never knew.Adam Lanza was obviously mentally ill. There are millions of Americans who have mental illnesses. The vast majority of these mentally ill people do not go on murderous rampages. Historically all these tragedies end up being by unstable individuals. From Virginia Tech to Columbine to Aurora and others these were crimes of questionable sanity.Why did Adam Lanza turn into this monster? We will probably never know. There will be analysis, theories and conjecture but chances are we'll never know. He came from what seems to be a reasonably educated family, the fact that they didn't notice any impending problems shows the difficulty with mental illness. Even some of the subtle signs would probably never alarm anyone. Perhaps he left a note or some sign of his rage that consumed him. Time will tell.For those demanding psychiatric evaluations to purchase or own a firearm, this is wishful thinking. Who evaluates you? What criteria are necessary to own a firearm? Who is responsible if someone is cleared to own a gun and 2 years later he/she snaps and murders innocent people? Is it the killers fault? Is it the psychiatrist/psychologist who evaluated them fault? Is it the gun dealers fault?There are 311 million people in America, along with over 6.7 billion other people on the planet. Every single person has a different personality. Yes, we can bunch most people as "normal" but many aren't. These atrocities will continue, the best we can do is make sure we educate ourselves and those around us to be aware of possible mental handicaps. Unfortunately this requires us to have a functional education system, we don't. Even then there is no one single solution to madness or evil at this level.The one law we are all familiar with should be a good starting point,,,,Thou shalt not kill.We all cry for these innocent victims, this should never have happened, but it did. We will heal, just as we did from Ted Bundy, Timothy McVeigh, The Zodiac Killer, Ted Kaczinski, Jared Loughner, the Westside Middle School massacre of 1998 and others. Hopefully we learn from this tragedy and minimize the possibility of future tragedies.Condolences to the families and friends of those lost and injured. As a nation our thoughts and prayers are with you.3 votes#1.28 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:20 PM ESTTiredoflosersGina-because the media always wants to one up anything and therefore draw attention to itself.  I would not be surprised if news anchormen/women aren't masturbating under the desk while reporting things like this.I loved that they made the media wait in the cold for over an hour this morning (Saturday) before starting the press conference#1.29 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:22 PM ESTWayne-2741238Nobody says we should blame the guns.  Nobody I know is saying we should take all guns away from everybody.What some ARE saying is we need to find a better way to keep guns out of the hands of people with mental problems.  You don't ban cars when someone kills others in a drunk driving wreck, but you DO take steps to keep the drunk drivers from getting behind the wheel.  We probably need to do more in that area also.Owning a firearm should come with some responsibility, and presently we do not have enough accountability in this area. 6 votes#1.30 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:22 PM ESTRobWIMy heart goes out to those that are touched by this tragedy.Good thing he did not have Molotov cocktails or pipe bombs.#1.31 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:22 PM ESTsaxonConn. has the most restrictive gun laws in the nation;what was his motive, simple he was crazy as a bed bug, no motive necessary;take his body to the town square, hang it up, pour gasoline all over it, and watch it burn, then take the ashes and put them in a garbage dump.1 vote#1.32 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:29 PM ESTConjuring CatWayne, that is far too intelligent a reply for the gun fetishists to fathom.  To the, any attempt to control the internal arms trade is an attempt to take all guns away.  Wayne LaPierre has done his job well with those sheeple...2 votes#1.33 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:34 PM EST25WalkerIn her home, Adam's mother had stockpiled multiple guns. This makes one think that she was reacting to the violence outside of her neigborhood. Ms. Lanza responded to what she saw on tv and read in the newspapers. By being armed, she thought she was protecting herself. Sadly, Adam's mother conjured up violence that did not exist in her community...until her son grabbed her guns and killed these young children. This crime is unbelievable and truly horrific. It really makes you wonder what goes on in people's minds. 2 votes#1.34 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:35 PM ESTConjuring CatRob, 'dja ever stop to think he didn't have molotov cocktails or pipe bombs because they're harder to get?...2 votes#1.35 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:35 PM ESTRich-281385Wayne,Like the analogies of most leftists yours fails as well.  A drunk driver is arrested and incarcerated, then adjudicated.  His punishment follows the illegal act.  What you want is for restrictions (we already have tens of thousands of laws and regulations) to stop a possible future bad act.  So what is the law or restriction which stops the drunk driver in the first place?  I doubt you will get the point but I hope I'm wrong.To all,Stop with this silly argument about the guns.  Why she had them I don't know, and I'm not sure I care unless the reason was nefarious.  We don't know the killer has a long history of mental illness, at least not yet.  All we know is that his brother says so.  But a former classmate says the killer was happy and smart, maybe even a genius.  Maybe, I say with great facetiousness, being smart is the key!  Maybe we need more stupid people since smarts is correlative to violence!If you can't see how utterly stupid such comments are, then perhaps you are not in any way a risk for committing such violence yourself.His mother having the guns didn't cause the crime to occur.  He shot his own mother in the face.  Speculation alert...This shows great rage against her.  He then went to a school he attended and targeted a specific grade level.  Speculation alert...this hints at motive.  Maybe something terrible happened to him in 1st grade?  Maybe he was tired of hearing his mother speak about how wonderful all those little kids are and how they are so much smarter and work harder than her own pitiful son?  We just don't know.What we do know are lots of people are hurting and lots of innocent lives were snuffed out.  Please direct your wasted efforts over gun control to root causes, and if nothing else just send your best wishes to those still alive who will grieve for the rest of their lives.  In other words, quit trying to find blame where none exists while ignoring everything that does matter.#1.36 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:37 PM ESTGabriel-1934044People, protection of one's property and family is the reason to own guns. Calls to 911 all the time of intruders trying to break into your home. By the time police arrive the intruder has already gone and done their damage.  #1.37 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:38 PM ESTRich-281385Conjuring Cat,A pipe bomb isn't harder to get, it is harder to make.  A Molotov Cocktail, as you apparently have no idea what one is, is easy to make.  A bottle filled with gasoline with a rag stuffed into the opening lit on fire, then thrown at an object so it breaks.  Simple.  Flames spray out, following the flying gasoline, and ignite all in the way.Maybe where you live glass bottles and gasoline and rags are illegal, but not in Realityville.1 vote#1.38 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:42 PM ESTfishman-1985527how many more of these events we have to have to unite the majority of the public against gunsWrong again, How many of these events do we have to go through till this country takes a real look at Mental illness.  Along with that the need to medicate everything so when a person and not saying this one is not on their meds they can't cope. We also have a society where many think abortion is OK.  I'm on the fence on this as what happans when a small child hears about someones abortion and is told that it was a mistake then in their minds if something is or goes wrong then it is ok to take a life or life to be.  The number of abortions in this generation is appalling.1 vote#1.39 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:42 PM ESTMagnum SerpentineShouldn't this be Gunmen? When this thing started they showed another man in the woods firing into the School. People on the ground said a Second Gunman was firing from the woods..... I even saw on either CNN or MSNBC shots being fired from the woods... The Police brought a man out of the Woods.What happened to the second Gunman?#1.40 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:42 PM ESTfishman-1985527And those speaking out about guns and how much easier it is to kill with then.  Well how many died on 9/11...no guns, how many did McViegh kill on April 19, 1995...168 and no gun.  It is much easier to kill many with a bomb which for many is very easy to make or get.   .00001% goes nuts so everyone else must be restricted due to them, makes no sense.How many times have you folks even hugged your kids everyday and told them you love them?  Then do you punish them because someone in their class was bad and they were not?#1.41 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:46 PM ESTMtMike-571674You Reap what you Sow America!America is the most violent society in the history of mankind, bar none.America attacks other nations, robbing those nations resources, using force to attempt to form those nations to our likeness, killing innoncents, calling such "collateral damage".America survives on "making and creating" wars.  America locks up more of their own than any other "modern civilization", breeding violence.America's TV shows, video games, are all basically based on killing.The youth of today are desensitized to killing and life.You reap what you sow America.3 votes#1.42 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:48 PM ESTRich-281385Fishman,A dangerous example to talk about, but your larger point that our culture has been coarsened by our turn from a belief in life as being intrinsically valuable and towards life having only a utilitarian value is spot on.  If it's okay, say modern leftists, to decide for yourself who should pay your way and without their consent, or if you can decide for yourself alone whether the most innocent of future beings should be allowed to live, then why should we be shocked when people take these ideas to their absurd ends?1 vote#1.43 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:48 PM ESTRich-281385MtMike,I know what you mean.  I just bought my little girl "Dance Fever 4" for Christmas but I fear it may turn her into a maniacal killer.  Or possibly even a twit who makes inane comments on a story.We are not the most violent nation on earth, ever.  I doubt we even make the Top 100.  Which isn't to say there is no violence, or that whatever level exists is fine with me.  Just that hyperbole is of no use in discussing real issues.  I expect this kind of thoughtless drama from 5th grade girls.#1.44 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:55 PM ESTpete-776297This may sound cold & callous to some folks, but it has to be said.Sometimes bad things happen, it really sucks, but that is life. And there is nothing we can do to keep bad things from happening. We can point fingers and blame all we want, but things like this will happen.My heart goes out to the survivors and the families of those lost this week.But to be honest, I have to accept that sometimes there isn't an answer to the question of "Why?"So, cry, pray, be charitable, do whatever you have to do to mourn. I believe all we can do to attempt to prevent this kind of tragedy is to be more loving, compassionate and tolerant of our brothers & sisters. Perhaps the necessary action isn't more laws or restrictions, but just plain simple hugs.1 vote#1.45 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:58 PM ESTMarmaduke49Why does a woman need these many guns  the first or second person asked above.We will never know the true reason why since the person who can answer that best is now dead.With that being said you can question why any person needs so many guns ?Why do people have so many fishing poles, knives, Sword, rocks, butterflies  and any other collection you can think of.A person has every right to own a gun and have as many as they want.Gun control isnt a solution. Even if you were to change the ammendment ( which you wont ) to ban guns all together in the USA, criminals will still get guns some how, then you leave society defenseless.You cant prevent stuff like this from happening.  Even if you took away guns, people will still find a way to kill other people.  Someone could go on a killing spree with swords, knives, harpoon guns,  bow and arrows, crossbows   what ever..  You cant predict what people will do.#1.46 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:03 PM ESTRich-281385Gabriel is right.  The police didn't arrive on the scene of this shooting for TEN minutes.  A crazy guy with a sword could do immense damage in ten minutes.  What a shame that no one in the office had a concealed weapon--having weapons at a school is illegal, you know, unless apparently your goal is to wipe out little kids, in which case it's still illegal but it isn't preventative.  Maybe the end result would've been identical had someone or several someones at the school been armed, but we will never know because that path is the one this society has decided to not walk down.Could it have been worse though had someone at the school been armed?  I mean besides the killer.  I'm sure leftists will immediately, and perhaps correctly, note that a gunfight might kill even more people.  But just as my ponder is supposition and guesswork, so must theirs be the same.1 vote#1.47 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:04 PM ESTVisionStormGuns are not an issue because if this guy didn't have a gun, he could have use a rock to bash 28 people to death, unstopped in a relatively short amount of time, then bash his own head with the rock till he ended his life to escape prosecution./SarcEDIT: A guy with a sword could have done immense damage in ten minutes if people just stood there and let him have them. And he would have required a far higher level of skill, physical consitioning and musculature to do it effectively. With a gun, people could have run and he still could have shoot them in the back as they fled. Swords are not on the same level of magnitude as a gun--PERIOD.1 vote#1.48 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:09 PM ESTRich-281385Pete,It was right to say it too.#1.49 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:10 PM ESTfishman-1985527Just one part of the problem but a major oneA client of mine who teaches psychology at an advanced level has referred to the media as "Social Terrorists." Here is her reasoning in a nutshell. Beginning immediately after 9/11, "the media beat the violence of the day and the wars in Iraq and Afganistan, to a froth." you couldn't turn on the Radio and particularly the TV without having every nuance of the day's events dissected repeatedly. She is convinced that a generation of kids, now adults or approaching adulthood, have been numbed into thinking this way of life is the norm. Remember world of warcraft earlier? They haven't been bombed or shot at but the pictures of such no longer have any shock factor hence the term, "Social Terrorists."I don't know about other parts of the country but tonight, the news of the day was being reported, analyzed, editorialized, dissected, dramatic questions asked, dramatic questions asked as answers to the previous questions, all of the previous was constantly interrupted by some news 'flash' from the next somebody with something to say and then repeated. Some of what was reported earlier in the day has now been shown to be false. All manner of public figures have been interviewed with their take on how to prevent a future occurance. Some elected officials interviewed stated they had bills already prepared for introduction and it goes on and on.Would someone please explain to me when and where responsible reporting of news starts and ends. And where irresponsible 'reporting' begins? They are apparently at liberty to report as they please with no fear of consequences. To me, this makes them the American Taliban. Their behavior and thinking is almost identical to the Afgan Taliban. Why are they not accountable for their capriciousness? As an individual, what would happen if one were to falsely yell fire in a public place? Where is that accountability for the media?#1.50 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:11 PM ESTbrendan-4you people clearly don't understand why we have the 2nd amendment.. it wasn't because of the british and it wasn't so we can hunt... its so that if our constitutional republic ever devolved into a monarchy or totalitarian state, we would be armed and would be able to revolt and institute a new government.the founding fathers saw that the british and many other countries citizens were not allowed to bear arms which meant they could not revolt against their government.please don't misconstrue the use of the 2nd amendment. all of you liberals that like to see dictators being overthrown need to realize that it only happens when our government arms their citizens.#1.51 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:15 PM ESTRenee - Northern CAIt isn't even about the guns.  It is about the moral and physical decline of our society.  The joblessness, the hopelessness, and stresses of life.   Think back to times when life was much more simple.  All worked hard, kids could find summer jobs, and the future was something to look forward to.  It is not that way anymore.  Not only can't kids find summer jobs to fill the summer, but most of their parents don't have jobs either.   Things that we once  took for granite, like food on the table, a nice fire in the fireplace, and quiet evenings had home with the family.   This is no longer the scenario for many.People continuing to give birth with no ability, or thought, of how they will support and take care of them.  Most of the time the fathers of these babies are not actually involved in the mother's life.   It was a passing moment.  And the cycle repeats itself, over and over.Hope is coming.  But it will not be earthly.   Man has shown he can not govern himself.  #1.52 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:21 PM ESTrobin xoxoxoxoxo"gun control" is not about banning guns.  It's not about taking them away.  It's about making sure that people are responsible with them. Some moron wrote "Well I have 4 guns just in by bedroom. A .20 gauge shotgun, .308 thompson contender pistol, .243 remington rifle, and a .357 pistol. I am also a 21 year old white male. I don't plan on going on a killing spree.Let's leave the assumptions and speculation to the "sensational" media." Are those guns in a LOCKED case?  Are they under a cobination lock, or could someone get their hands on the key?  If your cousin comes over and brings a buddy, do you do a background check before they come into your home?  No, you don't.  But if someone takes those guns out of your hosue and uses them to commit a crime, YOU are just as responsible as the shooter.  THATS what this is about.  Everyone says "well, I'm not crazy, so I can have guns."  But how do you safeguard your guns so they don't fall into the wrong hands? Had the mother of the shooter in Newtown had her guns in a safe, and the son did not have the combination, then maybe we wouldnt be having this conversation right now.#1.53 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:26 PM ESTOhio48Brendan...Your confusing the ENGLISH bill of rights with the AMERICAN bill of rights. Our second ammendmant was instituted because most of our early colonies were still controlled by the British, who tried to supress us into submission when we declared our Independance.. The English bill of rights protected the Protestants against tyranical Kings (i.e King James II) who disarmed them because he feared they were outnumbering his army.  Although your premise is correct, it wasnt a revolt against OUR government...it was a revolt against THEIRS.#1.54 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:33 PM ESTMike in SAWhile NBC goes out of its way to note that the guns were legally  purchased (if purchased for herself and not somebody else), what they  fail to mention was that Adam Lanza illegally possessed the guns. The  guns were in fact stolen from his mother who he had murdered.For those of you crying for stricter gun laws, there is no evidence that it helps. In fact there is plenty of evidence to the contrary. Chicago -- a city that has probably the most restrictive gun laws in the US --  has a rampant epidemic of gun-related violence on its hands and leads the nation in gun violence. The same goes with other cities like Camden and Newark, New Jersey and Baltimore, Maryland. These cities and states have more restrictive gun laws, yet the end result shows that this hasn't helped at even one bit.1 vote#1.55 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:34 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Mike Shelton-7476465Why would you, in an article about the victims, even mention the killer.  You do a disservice to the victims.  I am appalled at the media's coverage of events such as this.  The killer should not be known to the human race.1 vote#2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:33 AM ESTE=MC4I agree.I am also appalled that the media would use the descriptor "massacred". Does the media really think that with all that the families are going through, that they need to envision their children getting "massacred"? That seems a little harsh, true or not, so why not just say killed or murdered? Or aren't those words sensationalist enough? It would not lessen the severity of the loss to describe it differently. A little more respect for what the families are going through without causing any more grief would be the humane way to treat the victims. In my opinion anyways...3 votes#2.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:52 AM ESTJB from metro NYThe point is to figure out why....so it doesn't happen again. If you can't handle it then don't read it. Most of us want to get to the bottom of it and at least try and do something about it. Not nick pick about the media.#2.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:54 AM ESTConjuring CatYou know what they say, E=; if it bleeds, it leads, and the more blood the better.  There are plenty of legitimate conversations this incident could spark, but already, too much of the coverage is just to luxuriate in the carnage and the pathos...#2.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:10 PM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffActs such as this are beyond the comprehension us all.  But, of course, the geniuses that brought us massive deficit spending, crushing national debt, a failed, stagnant economy, a divided nation, viral immorality and disrespect for fellow Americans, will quickly draw the preconceived conclusions that more government tyranny is a cure.14 votes#3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:41 AM ESTSallyAnn-4595694@entitled 2 free stuff. You are a real work of manure, aren't you. No need for any politic's to be injected into this. What is needed is prayers for the people there, not your stupid remarks.8 votes#3.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:53 AM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffSallyAnnMy prayers were said and they continue.  Now my duty is to stop the march of leftist tyranny, as particularly practiced by the aggressor works of manure left during these times of emotional vulnerability and clouded thought brought about by liberalism-caused disasters like this one.4 votes#3.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:14 AM ESTRich-298746If we shrink the government to the size of your brain, this country is in deep sh**.3 votes#3.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:38 AM ESTjrae-1215199Boy the NRA is quick - they have already activated the "guns are good" trolls.3 votes#3.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:21 AM ESTtim-2799493But, of course, the geniuses that brought us massive deficit spending, crushing national debt, a failed, stagnant economy, a divided nation,...Not that it's relevant, but all of that happened during the Bush years.  We're just still trying to dig our way out of that colossal mess.Have a nice day.3 votes#3.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:22 AM ESTRonzwyfSounds like we are close to E.O.T. to me!#3.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:49 AM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffNot that it's relevant, but all of that happened during the Bush years.  We're just still trying to dig our way out of that colossal mess.Have a nice day.I'd say that since the mess is widening and deepening under the so-called leadership of Barack Obama and the cornucopia of various leftist freedom, liberty, and America hating leftists in his regime and his party, we're simply living out the promise of liberalism ongoing but subdued during the Bush years before Reid and Pelosi took over Congress and burned America down with their programs and policies clearly resulting (knowingly, intentionally) in growing poverty, widespread economic insecurity, galloping tyranny, and disruption of domestic tranquility.  I won't forget Barney Frank, Chris Dodd, Franklin Rains, Jamie Gorelick, ACORN, Bill Clinton, Tom Daschle, and the other lifer Democrat jackbutts and their corrupt GSE assisted subversion of the US economy for political gain.If we shrink the government to the size of your brain, this country is in deep sh**.Under the brains of Obama, Reid, and Pelosi, we are in deep sh** as they try to grow government to match the size of their egos and tyrannist ambitions.1 vote#3.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:53 AM ESTJB from metro NYWhat an idiot. Bringing up politics. Disgraceful.5 votes#3.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:56 AM ESTgina-1764361Entitled you are a disgrace, disrespectful of the massacred, shame on you4 votes#3.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:00 PM ESTtim-2799493I'd say that since the mess is widening and deepening under the so-called leadership of Barack Obama...actually, that's not true.  Spending has been flat since the levels that Bush set in 2008, the deficits that were in place at that time have been reduced, albeit certainly not enough, the economy is improving and unemployment has been steadily if gradually going down.So, your statement is completely false.5 votes#3.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:08 PM ESTConjuring CatSure didn't take long for the Koch Brothers' paid trolls to show, didn't it?  "It's all the lib'rulz' fault!!!1!one!"  Go get your Koch-ie, Entitled...1 vote#3.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:12 PM ESTflnobodyentitledclouded thought brought about by liberalism-caused disasters like this one.Are you sure it wasn't the smaller government groups? You know the kind, more tax breaks, less union slobs (police). Perhaps if they had a little more government and a little less of the tax break. They may have had the money to put a police resource offer at that school.#3.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:07 PM ESTflnobodyentitledI'd say that since the mess is widening and deepening under the so-called leadership of Barack Obama and the cornucopia of various leftist freedomYEP, if you don't include these: Feb. 14, 2008: Former student Steven Kazmierczak, 27, opened fire in a lecture hall at Northern Illinois University in DeKalb, fatally shooting five students and wounding 18 others before committing suicide. Dec. 5, 2007: Robert A. Hawkins, 19, opened fire with a rifle at a Von Maur store in an Omaha, Neb., mall, killing eight people before taking his own life. Five more people were wounded, two critically. April 16, 2007: Seung-Hui Cho, 23, fatally shot 32 people in a dorm and a classroom at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, then killed himself in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Oct. 2, 2006: Charles Carl Roberts IV, 32, shot to death five girls at West Nickel Mines Amish School in Pennsylvania, then killed himself. March 21, 2005: Student Jeffrey Weise, 16, killed nine people, including his grandfather and his grandfather's companion at home. Also included were five fellow students, a teacher and a security guard at Red Lake High School in Red Lake, Minn. He then killed himself. Seven students were wounded. March 12, 2005: Terry Ratzmann, 44, gunned down members of his congregation as they worshipped at the Brookfield Sheraton in Brookfield, Wisconsin, slaying seven and wounding four before killing himself. March 5, 2001: Charles "Andy" Williams, 15, killed two fellow students and wounded 13 others at Santana High School in Santee, Calif. Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,512480,00.html#ixzz2F96FfE4Y#3.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:17 PM ESTlib&proud-6808200But George Bush isn't in office anymore. How is he going to bring more tyranny?#3.14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:35 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Mark-3140636People never cease to amaze me, we are a country that loves violence and gore just look at the media today. Yeah for the most part nothing happens except when those few snap and then there is hell to pay. For that time we will have our usual feast on this blood and violence, point fingers and be all shocked when it happens again. Although there is no way to totally prevent such horrors our love for violence and mayhem keeps the embers burning.11 votes#4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:44 AM ESTsteve-1922373Mark is spot on--society is riddled with violence in movies, video games, television.  Should be nosurprise that it becomes real all too often.  Let's ban automatic weapons too.6 votes#4.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:54 AM ESThankvreelandWhile you are banning guns how about making heroin and cocaine illegal also. Then all of our problems will go away.8 votes#4.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:14 AM ESTShesafatoneAutomatic weapons are only possessed by a few with very stringent licensing requirements. While I possess a CCW and own several Semi-Auto hand guns and a few home protection shotguns, I do think there is no reason for everyone to own what we now classify "Assualt Weapons" I live in  Detroit where the average police response is over an hour for anything not classified as "Shots fired"! A jacked car is a website reportable offense, so personal protection is really a personal responsibility.2 votes#4.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:16 AM ESTJeremy of MichiganMark is 100% correct.1 vote#4.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:22 AM ESTKevin from Oregonnice avatar .......but would your comment be the same when you come down dude? Just askin.#4.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:30 AM ESTmike277On the very first day of sales..Black Ops 2 (the video game) sold $500,000 (half a billion).  Release Date: November 13, 2012#4.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:31 AM ESTKris1234-3592742There is no evidence, none, that violent video games lead to violent acts.  A gun is a violent weapon, but that doesn't mean that everyone who has one, will commit murder just for the thrill of it.Now, if all the people who bought Black Ops 2 start committing murderous acts off-screen, en masse, then you might have a valid argument. My condolences to all the families involved in this senseless act of the murder of innocents and the loss of innocence in the surviving children.#4.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:18 PM ESTBike cop in VirginiaSome questions have no real answers even though the media asks so called "experts "what they think about this. The one that may have the answers can't be asked any questions. Sadly this will happen again and there is not much you can do about someone hell bent on destruction.2 votes#5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:49 AM ESTjenk264He may have had mental health issues and I am suspicious of the mother as well, considering all the weapons in the home. Paranoid Personality on her part, perhaps. People are looking a all the systemic issues as we should, but the bottom line is this, Pro or anti gun, there is no way he could have killed 28 people with a knife. Easily accessible guns in the home are the culprit..guns in the home are rarely used in self defense. But are used for suicide and/or homicide.5 votes#6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:51 AM ESTMark-3140636I hate to say this because I don't want to give any nut jobs ideas but I can do a hell of a lot of killing and damage with a gallon of gasoline.2 votes#6.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:26 AM ESTsquirrel-2382962not always and wouldn't you rather be able to kill some one breking into your home with a gun or do you want to get close enough to use a knife of better yet hide and hopr the law gets there before he/they finds you. don't say it won't happen had 3 or 4 home invasions in our surrounding areas just in the last few months one being with the intruder dyingby the owner who was not afraid to use his gun against  gun carry young punks who thought they were so bad with their guns Don't tell me guns are used for protection most of the time. doesn't matter if i haven' t used mine for that yet hope I never have to but sure feels good to know i have one just in case. I live in a rural area off the road a ways and trust me an alarm won't run some one off that is up to no good but I can tell you knowing the home owner may shoot your ass will make one think twice a bout breaking in#6.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:30 AM ESTEx Post FactoOnce again we have to be bludgeoned by people's comments regarding what guns should or should not be permissable.  The people making these comments have no concept of what really is happenning here but rather are only seeing their own internal fears and paranoia.  This situation has nothing to do with the issue of guns or weapons or magazine capacities.  It has everything to do with mental illnes and the ability of our society to react to and treat these unfortunate illnesses.  This individual was sick and saying that the availability of guns is what caused this situation is a misnomer.  What caused this terrible tradjedy was the individual's mental illnes, the weapon was only a sypmtom, it is his illnes that was the cause.  Had the guns not existed, his illnes would still have consumed him and resulted in numerous deaths.  The solution is to treat and prevent the illnes that causes such behaviour.  But of course, it is much easier to just say "ban the guns"  All of you who hold this position need to get over your fear and loathing of inamimate objects and mourn for these poor victims.  If you really want to help the families involved then help prevent this from happening again by supporting the implementation of proper mental heath treatments and facilities.1 vote#6.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:52 AM ESTConjuring CatAll fine and good, EPF, but are you willing to pay taxes to foot the bill for those mental-health facilities?  Oh, and while I'm at it, you don't know that Lanza's illness would have definitely led to the death of 20 kindergartners if he hadn't had access to his mother's arsenal; that too is nothing but a guess...#6.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:16 PM ESTRalphHI am guessing the woman had all those weapons in her home in an attempt to make herself feel safe. Unless you carry your gun around the house all day, you may distribute your guns, in order to have one available in case of a break-in.Many gun owners own them because they are essentially fearful, insecure people with little guts. They need a gun to make them feel safe. I know of one person who has a handgun in a hollowed out book next to his TV chair, waiting for someone to try to rob him.#6.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:16 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Mary Palmer-4985097Connecticut state police's Lt. Paul Vance and Lt. George Sinko - This is your big chance boys, Your 15 minutes of fame is here. A good on camera cry like commie Obama's would be good for the media to use, might get your name spread around a little more3 votes#7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:53 AM ESTSallyAnn-4595694@Mary Palmer, you also are a real piece of manure, bring politic's into this. Why don't you just STFU unless you have something decent to say?14 votes#7.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:55 AM ESTKevin from OregonHey Mary........Need a glass for your whine?Bet you still have your election posters on yer lawn too......Nascar is over for the year .  Romney LOST!NEXT8 votes#7.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:08 AM ESTLinda M-311663The funny thing is I never saw a tear come out of Obama's eyes until the very end. His eyes looked dry, too, not full of tears. Anyone can make one tear appear. Watch it again. What a farce.2 votes#7.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:40 AM ESTTeddi StearnsHey Mary...if you are so gung ho about owning guns...then where are your actions in keeping this type of tragedy from happening?  Stop name calling and step it up...with rights come responsibility.  And for those hollering about putting politics in this...Politics are part of this..the NRA lobbies heavily to keep status quo.  Even NRA members are for universal background checks...are they done?? Nooo. NRA lobbies to stop by spreading falsehoods about taking the guns.  phooey.2 votes#7.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:56 AM ESTtim-2799493Mary,I think your attitude is completely inappropriate.  Vance is doing a spectacular job, and so is the President.  They're doing exactly what they ought to be doing given the circumstances.You, on the other hand, are doing exactly what shouldn't be done right now, trying to make this into some kind of partisan political drama.  Stick a sock in it.4 votes#7.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:30 AM ESTConjuring CatTo Linda and Mary, obviously Obama is to blame for all this.  Heeee can do eeeeverythiiiing...#7.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:18 PM ESTCrimsonCujoI hate to be insensitive to the current crisis, but I feel the need to add this personal bit of info:I felt no emotion towards either the victims or the killer. It was like "Oh. So several people died today and a murderer shot himself to avoid being taken alive. Doesn't that crap happen every day though?". At least, that's what my gut instinct is telling me - I can tell when the sorrow I feel is for another person other than myself, and that's not what I'm feeling. I'm feeling a "So what?" kind of emotion.It's sad really - I realize I don't have a heart, and that most likely if I were in the situation that that murderer was in, chances are I MAY have ended up the same way (I say "may" because I would feel the shivering fear and doubt of my intent before I steeled enough resolve to go through with the action - though the reasons for feeling that would be completely selfish).While I'm thankful for the fact MY situation isn't like this, the thought of what could occur if it WERE kinda worries me. On the other hand, it's not like I care about the human race - you guys do enough slaughtering and butchering of each other as it is.Y'know, maybe one day this world will learn just how poisonous "hatred" is, shut up, calm the @!$%# down and stop labeling people based upon groups just so we can have excuses to justify genocide like this.Oh, and just to clarify, I know for a fact race/sexuality/politics/etc, isn't involved in this - but although it isn't related to this atrocity, it still doesn't change the fact that I'd brutally slaughter one hundred people like this killer if it'd protect a thousand people like the victims mentioned here, regardless of what they might be.I think I've just seen so much death, destruction, murder and such that I've become desensitized to this kind of BS. Which is lame, because I've realized that to survive in this world, you'll have to use violence on the ones who are most in danger of using it to harm the innocent.That said, I don't think this article accurately describes how I feel about this whole ordeal. It certainly doesn't affect me, and the whole incident doesn't change the fact that I believe humanity's nothing more than trash.1 vote#8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:53 AM ESTKevin from Oregonyou are part of whats wrong with us. Just wait until its your loved ones getting blown away for NUTHIN!!!4 votes#8.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:58 AM ESTtakenakaYou sound very sick crimson. Let me point out a need for a ban on handguns and semi-automatic weapons.5 votes#8.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:10 AM ESTKevin from Oregontakenaka no need for banning guns. Haven't you realized yet that it is the people doing the killing?If one is bent on that, they Will find one. Just sayin.1 vote#8.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:14 AM ESTKevin from OregonIT DOESN'T AFFECT ME!!!!!Now If I was going to make a comment....OK I will, This is EXACTLY WHAT IS WRONG WITH OUR COUNTRY!!! 6 votes#8.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:17 AM ESTRachel-2838072This guy just wants a reaction!! Do NOT give him one. Ignore him! He is a troll, don't feed the troll!4 votes#8.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:21 AM ESTMissAbby-4013269 "On the other hand, it's not like I care about the human race - you guys do enough slaughtering and butchering of each other as it is."Hate to break it to you, CrimsonCujo, but you are part of the human race. You are indeed one of "us guys." You may not be happy about it, but you are.I understand the feeling of wanting to distance yourself from society's ills. It's obvious that we are doing something wrong. You say that you feel no emotion about this tragic event, but then later state that you would "brutally slaughter one hundred people like this killer if it'd protect a thousand people like the victims mentioned here."You care more than you realize. It's hard NOT to care when envisioning a classroom of kindergarteners being terrorized. I wish you well.4 votes#8.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:21 AM ESTKevin from OregonLets all Hope that Crimson doesn't own any guns! Dude sounds real creepy!5 votes#8.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:25 AM ESTCrimsonCujoKevin, Takenaka - I realize this. I realize how much of a disgrace  that makes me appear. I was only stating what my body was saying of the  situation. I look to my body for notifications of what I'm truly  "feeling" so to speak.Yes, I'm fully aware that people like this  "murderer" are the source of all the death and destruction. At the same  time, my body keeps giving me an apathetic sensation - and I've learned  that if that's how my body feels, then it how *I* truly feel deep down  inside. I can't trust my words - I have to trust my body's sensations.Furthermore,  I've never been exposed to the raw fear of a gun - I'm more afraid of  handcuffs than I am a gun. I've lived a very sheltered, pacifistic life  where the biggest threat I ever faced was being locked in a cage.At  the same time though, if I or my family were threatened with having  their freedom and happiness taken away, I think my body would feel a  kind of violent and destructive desire to "kill" that I don't think I  could quite accurately describe how heavy said urge would be (merely  because it'd be too vast for a mere human to comprehend, much less put  into words).I don't WANT to end up like him (the killer, that  is), but I'm still trying to figure out whether I need to please the old  religious geezers or the young anarchistic thugs of this world. I can't  please both, but I feel agitation and irritability from dealing with  the former (because a majority of their hobbies BORE me to death), and  fear and suppression of my true feelings from the latter (mostly because  I fear angering or alienating them).That said, while I WILL say this crime was  atrocious, I know I can't trust my words - they aren't my true thoughts  (whether I say them out loud or on a texty piece of internet). My true  feelings dictate who I am and what I feel about what I see, but if those  feelings are unwanted in society, it leaves ME scrambling to find  something redeeming about myself so that I don't end up like that loser  Adam Lanza.#8.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:31 AM ESTsickandtired-554972I just hope that the FBI and local authorities locate crimsoncujo and give him some time to think about what he is saying. Sounds like it is another mental illness situation that needs to be taken off the steet. Just do us all a favor crimson, just do yourself in and leave everybody else alone. F#$%OFF A-Hole!!!! Ban assault weapons and handguns. You cannot hunt with a handgun and these are used for the specific purpose of concealing and murder. Assault weapons are made for the battlefield. When was the last time we heard of a person with an arsenal using the guns for "protection". Guns in the home only lead to suicide and murder. A house can easily be protected by a 410 shotgun. Do we really need weapons that can hold 50 bullits to protect our homes. I did not realize that when the home invasion happens there is a large group of criminals attacking where we need assault weapons and guns with 52 bullit clips. NRA sucks and guns suck period.4 votes#8.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:36 AM ESTKevin from OregonDUDE......I Am comprehending everything your saying.PUT THE PIPE DOWN!  Narcissism times fifty is what I'm seeing.IT AIN"T ABOUT YOU SON!4 votes#8.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:41 AM ESTCrimsonCujoSickandtired - Tell me, if I told you where you could find me, would you come and end my life yourself? I'd actually prefer to die than to remain alive and a threat to anyone else. If my death prevents others from suffering, that'd probably be a GOOD thing.Look at it this way: the whole reason I came clean about my feelings on this issue was because every time I hear a story like this, it makes ME realize that if all the conditions of THIS PARTICULAR INCIDENT - like the guns and such - were in place, odds are my bestial-like nature of acting on impulse and instinct would force me to do something I might actually regret afterwards (although said regret would be for a very selfish reason, as I've said).Thank god I've never seen a gun up-close, and thank god my single-misdemeanor-stained criminal record prevents me from being near stuff like that (hell, other than the cops, I don't know anyone who owns a gun in this area - not like I'd try to find out anyways).Oh yeah, and there's a police station not but 4 or 5 blocks from my apartment -  if things were as bad as you say, it wouldn't take long for them to get here. But then of course I worry what may result from the cops showing up (especially if their intent is to handcuff me).@Abby - Abby, it's not just that. According to what I know of the definition of "being human", you're supposed to cry over a death like this. The fact that I'm not shows a form of soullessness or heartlessness. And as I recall, part of "being human" requires that you "have a heart and soul" that is "capable of shedding tears of sorrow".Add to the fact that I act more like a wild animal in regards to the fact that I obey my impulses and instincts (AKA act without thinking things through) and the realization that those impulsive and instinctual actions tend to harm more than help, and you have the general reason why I think myself as NOT a human and as more of a beast or a sociopathic monster.It's why I'm looking for where I CAN make people happy so that at least I retain an excuse to exist amongst you all.@Kevin - About me?! The hell?! I realize it ain't about me, but at the same time I worry of a possibility that IT COULD BE ABOUT ME!And I'm far from narcissistic. If anything, I'm the exact opposite.#8.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:50 AM ESTjanellectStudies are showing a huge drop in empathy for college aged people. This is really bad for our future... and the future of our children. It's easy to distance yourself when you're wrapped up in yourself.I hope that anybody who recognizes they have issues, please realize they they need to talk to a someone and figure out why. Not having empathy is not normal.2 votes#8.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:50 AM ESTIA.ScooterTramptakenadanot today. I believe there is enough grief for one weekend.1 vote#8.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:54 AM ESTunfilteredthinkercrimsonsounds like u are too much into your own feelings. 99.9% of us dont do bad things like this. How do we stop the evil people that do? Well the religious geezers do know one thing. If a kid is in church he is far less likely to get in trouble. If he is an anarchist he is far more likely to get in trouble. Life is tough enough. You dont need trouble. Now, get over yourself work hard and relax and drink a beer.2 votes#8.14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:56 AM ESTCrimsonCujo@Janellect - Just who exactly? The only people I can really talk to are those that accept Medicare/Medicaid, and they're no better than the people who take more advanced health plans that claim to offer BETTER services in return for more money.If I could obtain some empathy, I'd do so in a heartbeat. But I realize that isn't something you can buy - it's just something you "have".@Unfiltered - First off, alcohol tastes like crap. So there will not be any "having a beer" from me.Second, I don't go to Church because I've yet to find one that won't label my own parents (lesbians) as blasphemous stains. It's why I tend to harp on the Mormons so badly - they're so close by and they've done this stuff a number of times. You don't get me without at least tolerating my parents for WHO they are and WHAT they are.Finally, knowing my emotions gives me at least a sense that I have a brain worth even one thing to society - and without that I'd probably lose all hope at life (if that were the case though no one else would be in danger because of it).#8.15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:59 AM ESTKevin from OregonUH....Crimson....google narcistic behavior.....while someone contacts NBC and informs the local authorities about a possible meltdown in your neigborhood.WOWZER1 vote#8.16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:08 AM ESTCrimsonCujoKevin.Calm. The hell. Down. I can tell that the severity of this crisis is leading you to make irrational statements. Nobody is in any danger from me (in fact if that were the case I would be the one alerting authorities).I was having one of my usual pessimistic moments. Crap like this ALWAYS happens, and I wish it didn't. Just once, I'd give my legs or any other seriously valuable body part to be able to really fit under what this article is saying (and honestly, me being affected wouldn't make a difference, but it WOULD make me feel less guilty about the whole affair).The fact that I DON'T feel sorrow over this tragedy makes me feel guilty. That's all I was trying to say - and I got carried away and went all overcomplicated on it.2 votes#8.17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:17 AM ESTJacquie777The real problem is poor psychiatric care and education available to those who are in need of it.1 vote#8.18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:29 AM ESTSuzi SaulCrimson, can you tell us what video games you've enjoyed in the past 5 years?#8.19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:34 AM ESTErbyCrimsoncujo, Without reading Every post of people commenting to your original post, I felt the need to say this.  I have realized in my time that what our bodies feeling is attributed to our emotional stance on a situation and our past trials and tribulations. This being said I am wondering if you have become disconnected from emotion. Which in my experience happens when you have to much emotion at one time for something else. If you are not already seeing a therapist I would strongly urge you to give one a try to help you come back to a safer place. If you are currently seeing one I would mention the fact that you seem to have become dissociated. There are many reasons for this however do some research and maybe you'll find this will be helpful. I am not a therapist however I have seen enough to feel comfortable in saying that you appear to be dissociated, this would explain your lack of empathy in this situation. You make other points in your comment however this is the point i felt the need to comment on. 1 vote#8.20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:47 AM ESTProud to be an American237You feel something otherwise you wouldn't have responded.  These situations can make a person numb and while you may not have shed a tear this horrific tragedy has touched you.  That is obvious to me in several things you have said.  Many of the responders to you have gone on the attack because for many if you don't grieve or react the way they think you should or the way they do then you are seen as callous and possibly dangerous.  One cannot say there is a proper way to react as everyone has circumstances and happenings in their lives that will be reflected in their being able to process tragedies like this.  As a parent and a grandparent I was close to tears yesterday but I didn't break down either.  There are little ones who needed the strength of an adult telling them yes this is so so horrible, so so sad but I am here to keep you safe and provide the hugs.  Believe me there are others and probably some of your responders who would be capable of doing the same were anyone to attempt to harm one of theirs.  You are feeling the impact of this in your own way... nobody can tell you the proper way to grieve for such a loss.  You have brought into your process actually from what I see the frustrations of many with the destruction of their dreams and feelings of hopelessness.  I am not a religious nut although I believe in a higher being.  I belong to no organized religion and do not preach to others.  However, I was raised with learning right from wrong and instilled it in my own children and grandchildren.   You have been doing a lot of introspection with this tragedy it appears and some of it has scared you.  I wish you well and know there is good and bad in the world.  It has always been so but live to do good.  It is far more rewarding on a personal level.#8.21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:29 AM ESTKevin from OregonCrimson.......you got carried away and overcomplicated it........That is the exact reason you need help and quickly.  the little white bus should arrive shortly.#8.22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:32 AM ESTsquirrel-2382962hey he is one of many he is just saying it out loud as as I said ITS A ME WORLD theres alot out their that think like him ast like him and unless you work with the public you don't see it or just don't care to see it#8.23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:37 AM ESTE=MC4Maybe it is just me, maybe I am became OVERsensitized, but since I came back to my quiet little town in northern Canada from 2 trips to Afghanistan, I value life even more. I do not like seeing ANY person die. I can now feel total empathy with those who have lost loved ones and I bleed for them inside. But that is just me.....#8.24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:03 PM ESTE=MC4Excuse the bad English in my previous post 8.24. I meant "I have become".Also to further my statement that I do not like seeing any person die, I meant innocent people like bystanders, kids etc., they are the ones I grieve for. I have absolutely no problem with the death of someone trying to either kill me or an innocent person.#8.25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:35 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Kevin from OregonRIP to those that have left us. Hey Free stuff...........STFU!  Our government has not a F'N thing to do with this tragedy.If you people don't have anything but self serving BS comments to make, Then be gone...you just may be part of our countries problems.God have Mercy on all of us.6 votes#9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:54 AM ESTlens777Mental illness is worse than Cancer.The same painstaking research and funding that goes  into  other diseases should be applied and funded into this incurable nightmare of a disease. That being said,we cannot monitor all the households that have various weapons today.The need to have an arsenal of weapons at  home is inexcusable.to have one gun registered is sufficient ,if you are a licensed hunter,there too should be a tighter monitoring of hunting weapons.The right to bare arms is a stretch of the United States Constitution.1 vote#10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:56 AM ESTSallyAnn-4595694@Kevin from Oregon. THANK YOU. You are correct, there are a couple of posters here who sure showed how low informed, STUPID they are.3 votes#11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:58 AM ESTKevin from Oregonamazing to me Sally Ann...........that children are murdered and this dude has the gall to speak out of his arse like a moron.I'm 57 and realized along time ago...that there Are idiots on this rock we share.7 votes#11.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:04 AM ESTVernvaAh, but the government does have a lot to do with it.  The government can pass as many laws about as many things as they want but they can not be in the human heart.  There is one Moral Law Giver and he has been banned.  Banned because moral rules apply to all not 'everyone but me'.  As long as babies are killed for convenience, folks are robbed under the pretense of Robin Hood, and the government pretends to be the moral authority, we are doomed as a society.  The Constitution was crafted to avoid where we are but that was not convenient.  The establishment clause was not to remove religion it was to prevent a Sharia law type issue.  Several of you need to engage your brains and do some reading.  Guess Jesus was right we are just a bunch of sheep.1 vote#12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:13 AM ESTKevin from OregonGeez...........another tea drinkin fool.2 votes#12.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:16 AM ESTLinda M-311663Great post, Vern! 100% in agreement!#12.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:46 AM ESTTim MockYeah, maybe Jesus as right maybe we should Pray and ask him where him and God were while the kids were staring down the barrel of those Guns. Maybe they were having Tea and strumpets with Satan and Satan is petitioning for all the schools who don't preach the word of God in them. God supposively says he will not get involved in Free Will so not matter how many Schools hes in he still wouldnt protect his own people! And about engaging our Brains in reading I challange your brain as well , read Genesis Chaper 1 about when God created everything, the plannets, stars, earth ect then get your calulator out and count back the years to when god was supposed to have done this, you can count back to around the time of Abraham! Ill give ya a clue though to save ya the time religous Scholars have already done this for you and Ill tell ya the awnser: A little over 6000 years! Do your math and googleing for yourself but this is their best calulation and they pretty much all agree. Now heres the question of the day if weve only been here a little over 6000 years like the Scholars have dated the Bibles accounts too, then explain why we are finding Dinosaur Bones that are around 150 to 300 billion years old, and have the fossil fuel to prove it! You use to to drive around daily. And then again those pretty stars you see at night take millions of light years to reach earth for us to see them. Isnt that something? Maybe God or jesus dont have anything to do with this at all? Id say If our government would stop all the needless bush Vendette wars and giving all the 100s of billions is tax breaks to the oil companies maybe they wouldnt have to cut federal funding to the school. they could make a law and put security in place to protect those schools. But hey what do I know I probally dont engage my brain enough!#12.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:14 AM ESTConjuring Cat The establishment clause was not to remove religion it was to prevent a Sharia law type issue.And I will guaran-damn-tee that you would be perfectly happy with that "Sharia law" if it was your Bible that was the law book instead of that other one, Vern!  Proof?There is one Moral Law Giver and he has been banned. Banned because moral rules apply to all not 'everyone but me'.So take your dreck about "sharia law" and stuff it, Vern--all we'd have to do is call it Biblical law and you'd be the first to sign up...#12.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:25 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Breezie-Ugh, not to take attention off of this horrid, awful tragedy, as I photographer, I always dress in black to avoid color casts on my subjects.  White would work as well, but I look awful in white, it's harder to care for, harder to find, etc.  Can we just leave dressing in black off the checklist of Evil Doer?  1 vote#13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:20 AM ESTSarah Kolakowskivia FacebookYeah let's ban weapons so that people are totally defenseless when some mad person who has obtained guns illegally gun them down! That being said, this is a tragedy and not only because it was done at an elementary school. From what I hear, this gun man had a mental illness and there had to have been some signs. Not necessarily that he was going to shoot down a school but there's signs that someone needs help. His brother even said that he was mentally ill. It brings to question why the mother had had guns in the house as well. This is a tragedy for multiple reasons. It could have been prevented as well. Why someone needs that many guns in a house is too much. I agree something has to be done but tighter gun control isn't going to help. Criminals are always going to get a gun somewhere and there will be no way to track that. 2 votes#14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:26 AM ESTKevin from Oregonagreed....nice one girl.1 vote#14.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:36 AM ESTtim-2799493Yeah let's ban weapons so that people are totally defenseless when some mad person who has obtained guns illegally gun them down!Mrs. Lanza was armed to the teeth, quite legally.  Her son, who was 20, illegally commandeered some of her weapons and killed her with them.So, if only she had had more weapons, this whole tragedy could have been avoided?Right.Criminals are always going to get a gun somewhere and there will be no way to track that.There is absolutely no reason to give this antiquated theory any credence whatsoever.  It doesn't work that way.We need much better gun controls/safety regulations.  That's perfectly obvious.1 vote#14.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:41 AM ESTsoxfan-1829856 I know hindsight is 20/20 but there must be a way to install re-enforced doors on classrooms that can prevent nuts like this from entering much like airliners have now. Perhaps they can be locked and unlocked only from the inside and activated in just such situations like this. Just a thought,the cost would probably be high but you can't put a value on children's lives.#15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:27 AM ESTWindancersong-1494878Sandy Hook just finished installing a new security system. If you notice, the killer had to break the glass next to the locked door in order to enter the school. Many schools are now going to a locked security door system. Where one needs to push a button and the office let's you in after they speak to you to find out what you want. Other schools have all the doors locked except one near the office. So a person can't gain excess inside without passing the office. Most classroom doors do have locks which can be used. However, some  schools from the early 1990's have an open floor plan, dividing students  into smaller groups which rotate. There aren't actual walls which go up  to the ceiling.These are used for the lowest grades. More like modules  they have been designed to maximize air flow, energy efficiency and can  be adjusted for class size if needed.There is literally no door at all.While most of us probably are familiar with the metal detectors often used in inner cities. Then there are literally the armed guards or police officers. The list goes on as far as how much protection a school might need. Depending on the threat level it faces.But how does a place like sandy Hook prepare when something has never happened before. How does one plan for the impossible horrible nightmare which may never come in your lifetime? Do you need to plan for such an event yourself?2 votes#15.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:16 AM ESTFugate,Craig W.So; the title of the article is: Victims' Bodies Identified, but, it contains no list or reference to a list of the identities?  NBC and ABC took the opportunity to compete for ratings during prime time.  Looks like they'll use any excuse to sell ads. I wonder what a grade school T.A. planned to do with 9mms and ARs. Looks like she lived in a pretty nice home on a grade school T.A.'s pay.  Maybe I should be a grade school T.A. in CT. #16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:28 AM ESTKevin from Oregon you are unemployable but maybe you just don't get it.#16.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:34 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Jacques-InZhuhaiAre you kidding me???!!!I'm in Saudi Arabia now, and I am absolutely numbed....and some Saudis tell me that they can't believe the violence in America.3 votes#17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:29 AM ESTShesafatoneIf you remember a man in China entered a school and killed multiple children with a knife or knives. Humans who want to commit these types of horrors will find any way they can to commit these horrible crimes against humanity. The only chance we would have against these people is for others to speak up when they know people need help. We will find out much more about this evil person and his family. I know this evil person did not just wake up yesterday and say......" I feel like doing something evil" People knew this person was sick, they just chose to not do anything about it for some reason. Mind you....I live in Detroit and have NO faith in the Police's ability to protect me or my family.1 vote#18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:32 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710Read the story about China again. In the latest incident, a man slashed a bunch of children, but last time I checked, there were injuries, but no deaths.Guns don't make people violent. They just make violent people much more effective.6 votes#18.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:19 AM ESTConjuring CatSorry, chum--no fatalities in China.  So maybe your "it if wasn't guns..." argument isn't as airtight as you thought...1 vote#18.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:27 PM ESTTerrie-3512799Forget about banning guns, how about toning down violence in everything we do for starters.All this violence and gory on tv and movies don't help.  It desensitizing the youth that do these mass killings.  It means nothing to them, it's like a movie.    Banning guns mean that law-abiding citizens will not have protection. 2 votes#19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:33 AM ESTTerrie-3512799Forget about banning guns, how about toning down violence in everything we do for starters.All this violence and gory on tv and movies don't help.  It desensitizing the youth that do these mass killings.  It means nothing to them, it's like a movie.    Banning guns mean that law-abiding citizens will not have protection. #20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:33 AM ESTDr. KnowalittleI hope the news media will stay away from the families for a while. This is a time for mourning and not sensationalizing.4 votes#21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:34 AM ESTErnie GrangerSheasafatone:  Good observation.  On the same day that the shooter took out 20  children and 7 adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School another deranged  man attacked an elementary school in central China.Guns are banned in China so the deranged man used a knife.22 children were wounded.  BUT No one died.Result:  22 Chinese children will live to celebrate the Lunar New Year.20 American kids and 7 Adults will never celebrate another Christmas..EVER.It's true that people kill people.  But GUNS are the most efficient Weapon of Mass Destruction and their weapon of choice.5 votes#22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:39 AM ESTShesafatoneErnie, If you live where I do and you deal with 4 to 7 people shot on a good weekend and 2 to 4 home invasions on any given weekend you have two choices. Hope your not the next one and worry when you go to bed, or learn to protect your family and yourself. I choose not to be a victim in any situation. I have many years military experience as a range supoervisor and know how easy it is to teach people safe personal protection.#22.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:47 AM ESTConjuring CatNice attempt at ground-shifting, fatone...#22.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:28 PM ESTaugustaklc"If you do what you always do you will get what you always got"  Why is this discussion even about guns - it has nothing to do with guns. This young man was mentally ill and regardless of the fact that his Mom had a gun, he would have found them and done this.  We should be talking about the state of the mental health services in this country.  I believe that we will learn in the coming weeks that this Mom could not have afforded services for her son, and that once he reached the age of conscent, he was lost. If we truly want to do SOMETHING that will honor the lives of the young ones lost in this tragedy, we should look at how we interact, treat, and deal with mental illness here in this country. We have to stop ignoring it and all that it brings and do something or this tragedy will become an everyday occurence and we will all be like crimoson above and numb to it all.2 votes#23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:41 AM ESTKevin from Oregongive this person a prize.#23.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:54 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710This young man was mentally ill and regardless of the fact that his Mom had a gun, he would have found them and done this.Um, no. If it were virtually impossible for a non-law-enforcement, non-military person to obtain a handgun, he would not have been able to do this. With a lesser weapon (a knife, for example), the death toll would have been much, much lower. In fact, without a gun, he wouldn't have been able to get through the locked front door of the school.1 vote#23.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:21 AM ESTShesafatoneThats not true, history is full of stories of mass murderers using weapons other than guns. Earlyout..... again if you lived in Detroit where 1 out of every 5 young adults carry an ILEAGAL weapon with intent to use it. And if you follow the Detroit news (or Chicago for that matter) you will see what I mean. In the last 6 months 2 people have been found shot within 100 ft of my home.1 vote#23.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:29 AM ESTtim-2799493Anyone who thinks this would have happened even if no guns were involved is delusional.1 vote#23.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:46 AM ESTDr. KnowalittleIn the US people with mental defects used to be committed to remove them from public. They were tossed in a room and locked up. The conditions were very bad and that practice was stopped. Now we just feed them high dollar meds and say have a nice day. It is almost impossible to have someone committed today.#23.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:53 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices LT-2562568v#24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:48 AM EST-ExpatriateAmerica is a true paradox as a country. Persistently  postering itself as the standardbearer of the "civilized" world though where a deafening background noise of violence goes unheard and is virtually absent from public discourse. Pathetically,  such incidents are systematically followed by short periods of introspection and partisan debate inevitably ending with the status quo. At the same time the short-lived media attention that always follows obscures this background noise of violence that is a cornerstone of American culture and our true values and identity as a nation. And so while these tragic 26 deaths will receive much attention in the days to come, the 15,000 gun deaths in this same year will go unnoticed. These latter deaths and violence are part of our "normal" as a society. And as long as such violence is considered "normal", America has no entitlement to any claim as a "civilized" nation, no right to pontificate moral behavior to other nations, lecture peoples about other forms of violence and atrocities. These 15,000 deaths a year are more than enough proof that by any standard America remains its own worst enemy. We may pretend to be shocked by the violence and barbarity of the Taliban but the violence we inflict on our ourselves as a nation goes unnoticed and unchallenged with no true public debate.3 votes#25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:49 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710Well said. The rest of the civilized world looks at us and says, "What's wrong with these people?"2 votes#25.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:23 AM ESTShesafatoneThis is a global issue, it just gets reported  more here in the US and the more civilized countries.#25.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:31 AM ESTtexasbobIf the rest of the civilised world is so great with their laws and lack of freedom, why do so many of them want to come here?1 vote#25.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:35 AM ESTtim-2799493This is a global issue, it just gets reported more here in the US and the more civilized countries.Not if you're talking about gun violence, it isn't.  The U.S. has the highest per capita rate of gun ownership of any country in the world.  It also has the highest rate of gun violence of any developned nation.  Gun violence and homicide rates tend to track proportionately with the availability of the weapons.Of the 20 worst gun related massacres worldwide in the past thirty years, 11 of them happened in the U.S.  First runner up was Finland, with 2 incidents. There have been 15 mass murders in the U.S. involving guns this year alone.Every day, around 83 people are killed in the U.S. with guns.  Every day.If anything, it isn't reported enough here.1 vote#25.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:54 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710This is a global issue, it just gets reported  more here in the US and the more civilized countries.You couldn't be more wrong.1 vote#25.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:02 PM ESTJohn-1779666I think it has been said by a lot of people to take care of the issues here first before worrying about other countries, and it starts with the economy and illegal immigrant problem.  Then violent crimes and penalties have to be addressed.  Carrying out penalties also need to happen quicker.  There is no reason why a convicted murderer should be on death row for 20 plus years.  Death sentences need to be carried out within the year, especially the DNA technology we have today. Even if all the ills are address, unfortunately, episodes like this one will happen from time to time.  You cannot totally root out evil, but you can address issues, like the whole goth thing, to try and prevent these sort of tragedies.#25.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:34 PM ESTBundgaard-1210892John 17---I agree with you that the penalties, like death should be carried out within a year due to my technology (DNA, and other test equipment), but on the other hand when we have someone in jail for 20 years and we find they were not even there at the scene, and they due to politics and the "slogan" "we got him" and later find out it was all politics and lies by low educated police, and lyeing police, placing guns on people etc, or only try to come up with things that look bad on the defendant, then I also agree that if such a person was in jail for a number of years, then the police people involved and the judge and the prosecute should have 24 hour death penalty, so they do not get elected governors or police chiefs due to their lie, and this my friend is rampant in USA, not anywhere near as much in most other western countries.Unfortunately this terrible killing is being over analyzed, this can happen anywhere, any day all over the globe--Forget gun control, that is just politics in the USA with several hundred million guns, many people have more guns here than cars, but after 6 years in mil in EU, I have no idea, why people here have to have guns, other than in US where so many have guns--so everyone feel they have to have guns, because 2/3 of population can show up any time at ones front door with a gun and threaten Grandpa for money, since they are out of a job, since all of those for low people jobs are gone to China, AND you never know when someone did not get his med, especially here--due to a horrific medical system, for 2/3 of the population..#25.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:26 PM ESTJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  8Leave a Comment:Name: Email Address (will be verified, but never shown): You're in Easy Mode. If you prefer, you can use XHTML Mode instead.You're in XHTML Mode. If you prefer, you can use Easy Mode instead.(XHTML tags allowed - a,b,blockquote,br,code,dd,dl,dt,del,em,h2,h3,h4,i,ins,li,ol,p,pre,q,strong,ul)Post to my Facebook WallNewsvine Privacy StatementAs a new user, you may notice a few temporary content restrictions. Click here for more info.Most popular postsolder6hoursagoMass traumas ripple across towns   and timenewer2hoursagoLives saved by teachers, custodian and even childrenMost popular posts10982Elementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter 11hoursago4558Snyder signs Michigan anti-union 'right to work' measures over protests of thousands4daysago735Abuses at infamous Florida boys reform school even more widespread, report says5daysago729Authorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacre22hoursago967Gunman's mother owned weapons used in Connecticut school massacre19hoursagoBrowsefeatured, crime, military, weather, environment, california, florida, shooting, education, new-york, us-news, gulf-oil-spill, texas, kari-huus, police, chicago, trayvon-martin, obama, afghanistan, sandy, los-angeles, murder, new-jersey, politics, barack-obama, george-zimmerman, colorado, gay, religion, hurricane, school, decision-2012, arizona, penn-state, veteransAlsoTop NBCNews.com headlines3147,10Advertise | AdChoices Archives2012December (235)November (460)October (477)September (432)August (525)July (519)June (508)May (566)April (538)March (576)February (471)January (417)2011December (455)November (190)October (9)September (3)August (51)July (8)June (3)May (12)April (5)March (3)February (1)January (8)2010December (5)November (1)October (2)September (28)August (40)July (35)June (177)May (50)April (9)March (2)February (2)January (4)2009December (5)November (5)October (2)September (11)August (4)July (12)June (1)May (1)April (1)March (3)February (3)January (2)2008December (3)November (2)October (6)September (30)August (26)July (10)June (4)May (8)April (13)March (9)February (7)January (6)2007December (10)November (6)October (22)September (11)Most CommentedElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter  (10989)Snyder signs Michigan anti-union 'right to work' measures over protests of thousands (4558)GOP set to deliver blow to labor in union-heavy Michigan (2610)EXCLUSIVE: Susan Rice drops out of running for secretary of state, cites 'very politicized' confirmation process (1952)Same-sex wife of Army officer banned from joining Fort Bragg spouses club (2173)NBC/WSJ poll: Public wants compromise to avoid fiscal cliff (2016)Gay student asks Justice Scalia to defend his 'bestiality' comments (2153)Other blogsThe Body OddCosmic LogRed Tape ChroniclesPhotoBlogGadgetboxTechnologUS NewsOpen ChannelInGame top stories3147,10 2012 NBCNews.comUS news on NBCNews.com About usContactHelpSite mapCareersClosed captioningTerms & ConditionsPrivacy policyAdvertise