 Sandy Hook: Will Hollywood Limit Violence in TV and Movies Following Tragedy? | Hollywood.commoviescelebritiestvtrailersbox officephotosdvdfansGet Movie ShowtimesSelect a MovieSelect a MovieNow PlayingAlex Cross (PG13)Argo (R)Django Unchained (NR)Flight (R)Guilt Trip, The (R)Hitchcock (PG13)Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, The (PG13)Jack Reacher (NR)Les Misrables (PG13)Life of Pi (PG)Life of Pi (PG)Lincoln (PG13)Monsters, Inc. (G)Monsters, Inc. (G)Pitch Perfect (PG13)Playing for Keeps (PG13)Red Dawn (PG13)Red Dawn (PG13)Rise of the Guardians (PG)Seven Psychopaths (R)Silver Linings Playbook (R)Skyfall (PG13)This Is 40 (R)Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2, The (PG13)Wreck-It Ralph (PG)Go to More MoviesORFind TheatersSearchSign up for our Newsletter Fan UsFollow UsHomeMovieSandy Hook: Will Hollywood Limit Violence in TV and Movies Following Tragedy?Sandy Hook: Will Hollywood Limit Violence in TV and Movies Following Tragedy?ShareTweetByKelsea Stahler, Hollywood.com Staff|Wednesday, December 19, 2012We are a nation in mourning. And in times of mourning, we tend to err on the side of extreme caution, in hopes that we may not add to the pain that already consumes us and our neighbors. In the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary shooting, one of the most troubling events in U.S. history, the entertainment industry is doing its best to be a good neighbor. But how do we tell the difference between a reaction to tragedy and the beginnings of a greater shift in the industry?In the days since the tragedy in Newtown, Conn., Hollywood has offered its condolences, and altered many big-budget plans in the name of respect. Three premiere parties this week, including the family holiday comedy Parental Guidance and two violent blockbusters Jack Reacher and Django Unchained, were cancelled or postponed as a measure of sensitivity. SyFy pulled a new episode of Havenfor its depictions of school violence while ABC temporarily took an episode of Scandal off its site due to a scene involving the murder of a family and Fox opted for reruns of American Dad and Family Guy on Dec. 16 in an effort to avoid potential insensitivities. Homeland and Dexter both warned viewers on Sunday that their season finales might be disturbing in light of recent events. The trailer for Colin Farrells new flick, Dead Man Down, was quickly snuffed out the week it was to debut in theaters. In some places, including Connecticut, popular songs like Ke$ha's Die Young and Foster the Peoples Pumped Up Kicks (which includes lyrics like All the other kids with the pumped up kicks/Better run, better run faster than my bullet) were pulled from the radio, potentially indefinitely in the case of Pumped Up Kicks. EvenBarry Manilow canceled his concert on Dec. 14 in an effort to show sympathy to victims. No entertainment realm was untouched.I think it shows a sensitivity to the nature of the crime, the immense shock and grief that, as a nation, were all feeling because of Sandy Hook Elementary. I think that its respectful certainly, says Holly MacDonald, 24, of San Antonio, Texas.Its almost unfathomable that anyone, in Hollywood or elsewhere, wouldnt react with some form of sympathy. It makes sense that in the days following an awful event, Tinseltown turned down its usual luster, but its the reaction to films and television shows that are markedly violent that stands out. It's the second time this year violence in entertainment has come into question in response to real-world trauma, and there seems little doubt that the industry will have discussions about its penchant for glorifying blood and gore. After all, Jamie Foxx star of Django, one of the most violent films of the year has already started to think introspectively following the Sandy Hook shootings. "We cannot turn our back and say that violence in films or anything that we do doesn't have a sort of influence," Foxx told the BBC. "It does."But the conversation has been buzzing since this summer, in the wake of the Dark Knight Rises shooting in Aurora, Colo., and Sandy Hook will only serve to bolster the discussion. In response to Aurora, premiere parties and public appearances by the cast of Christopher Nolans film were postponed indefinitely, but the ripples went a little further. Ryan Gosling-starrer Gangster Squad was set for a Sept. 7 release in the U.S. and was instead pushed back to the movie release wasteland of January while one of the final shootout scenes, originally located at the famous Graumans Chinese Theater in Los Angeles, was re-done due to its similarity to the real life tragedy. It's a small sample of Hollywood's reaction to Sandy Hook, which may further inform the protocol surrounding onscreen violence in the future.The wave of change is reaching the small screen, as well. Weve yet to see an upcoming film project announce a reshoot or all-out cancellation, but TV seems to be taking a bit more heat this time. Cable networks are experiencing the silencing of potentially insensitive programming, including TLCs Best Funeral Ever, which was just postponed, and theAmerican Guns reality series, which was canceled this week, though reps for Discovery insist the decision was not related to the tragedy or the influx of protest on the shows Facebook page this week. Its something many TV fans see as completely necessary from a sensitivity standpoint, but its also important that the industry thats often marked by the ability to overshadow national news with the announcement of the latest American Idol might also being doing its part to focus the debates spurned by Sandy Hook on issues like gun control and mental illness. By airing violent films and television shows, we're just giving the pundits more reasons to argue, says Debbie, 26, from Brooklyn, an avid pop culture consumer who asked that her full name not be used. Of course, while thinking of movie studios and TV network executives putting sensitivity above all else gives many of us the warm and fuzzies in a time that feels hopelessly bleak, some pop culture consumers arent buying it. Some of the decisions to delay are probably business decisions  They care about how we feel because they want people to go see [their projects] so they can make money, says moviegoer Robert Kaplan, 24.And while wed like to believe all decisions made in these next few weeks come straight from the heart, there is an inevitable, and somewhat bitter element of damage control. No gaffe or apparently lack of sensitivity will go unnoticed, and the entertainment powers that be are well aware of that. Weeks after the tragedy in Aurora, Justin Bieber  the young man whose most controversial moment up until that point was deciding to rid himself of his teeny-bopper bangs and signature purple hoodie  posed for a picture on the set of Selena Gomez movie Feed the Dog, holding a gun and pointing it at his then-girlfriend's dad who posed with the two young stars. The photo immediately sparked debate. Not only was it too soon, but after something as horrific as the theater shooting in Aurora, it was inconceivable that someone as well-known as Bieber would so flippantly mock gun safety. Its something that hasnt escaped artists in the wake of the Newtown shooting either. In a move that clearly wasnt connected in any way to the events in Connecticut, rapper T.I. released his new album on Dec. 18, Heavy is the Head. The albums cover art prominently features a half-cocked pistol, brandished in an almost heroic fashion by the rapper. When the record label didnt postpone the album release or rush to replace the cover art, it didnt take long before someone pointed out the insensitivity of the release. While the timing isnt something T.I. or his label can control, perhaps these utterly sensitive reactions are something we should come to expect in these circumstances, in music and in all areas of entertainment. Executives need to be cautious  anything that has the potential to offend viewers should be pulled.  I don't think anything is off-limits at this point  we need to figure out how our country is going to shift its view on gun control, says Debbie from Brooklyn. Granted, were still very much in the throes of our grief. It was just a few days ago that we watched our president weep on national television and the thought of the Newtown horror. It might be too soon to tell what the full effect of the ignited gun control debate and heightened sensitivity to violence may be. If the past tells us anything, audiences will grow back their thick skins in time. Just take, for example, Gangster Squad, which returned from its reshoots to premiere an opulent, gunfire-laden trailer that had since cut the infamous theater scene, but was never the less meant to elicit a sense of old timey mafia fun set to the glorious, pumped up soundtrack of Jay-Zs Oh My God. Hollywood took a beat, but then, when we were ready, the beat went on.Still, the scope of the entertainment industrys reaction this time around  reaching every nook and cranny of pop culture and entertainment  is something of note. Not since national tragedies on the level on 9/11 have we seen the reaction of extreme consideration, respect, sympathy reach this far. And in the wake of that tragedy, our experience of entertainment shifted  depictions of the lost towers was deemed too painful, even in the case of old Friends reruns. Audiences clung to the fantastical fantasy adventures of Harry Potter and Frodo, sought unlikely heroes in Spider-Man and even Vin Diesels unintelligible agent XXX. The public couldn't even fathom depictions of the horrors of 9/11 until  2006, when both United 93 and World Trade Center debuted  and even then, we cried "too soon." It wasn't until now, over a decade after the tragedy that works like Homeland and Zero Dark Thirty have been able to tackle the sensitive subject without creating a ruckus among pop culture consumers.As the Washington Post pointed out, the Newton tragedy is one of the 12 deadliest shootings in U.S. history  all of which have occurred since 2007  and if it can change the face of the debate on one of our nations longstanding stalemates (just take a look at the latest Google search stats to see how quickly the topic of gun control has reemerged), it certainly has the capacity to change the way we see violence in entertainment. Though hyper-sensitivity around onscreen violence simply wont last at the height its currently occupying, were already seeing studios follow in the footsteps of the last round of films who changed their promotional courses as a reaction to real-life violence  just this week, Paramount decided to cut a sniper scene from the Jack Reacher trailer, much like Gangster Squads missing theater scene, in addition to cancelling premieres and events, as Warner Bros. did with The Dark Knight Rises. In a way, thats change in and of itself: We now have protocol for reacting to tragedies of this nature, and were finding out where else those rules apply, and when. Whether moving forward, this horrible event will mean less fictional violence altogether, reforming the amount of violence used as a means of promotion in marketing materials, more explicit forewarning of potentially violent content, or some other derivative reaction is yet to be seen. But one thing is irrefutable: We will see change. It may not appear drastic and you can bet it will not involve the complete removal of all firearms from the big and small screens. However, no element of our society can escape the mark of this tragedy. Because of this, weve all changed, and thus everything has changed.Follow Kelsea on Twitter @KelseaStahler[Photo Credit: Andrew Cooper/ The Weinstein Company; Paramount Pictures; Jamie Trueblood/Warner Bros]More:'Zero Dark Thirty' Is An Action Movie Pulled From the Headlines - TRAILER'Django Unchained' Los Angeles Premiere Canceled in Wake of Newtown Shootings'Saturday Night Live' Quietly Addresses Sandy Hook: Watch the Touching Tribute  VIDEO From Our Partners:A Few Good Men: Where Are They Now? (Moviefone) Best Mother and Son Movies: Forrest Gump and More! (Moviefone) View the discussion thread.Sponsored Links Buy A Link Here News Archive----- Choose a Month -----December 2012November 2012October 2012September 2012August 2012July 2012June 2012May 2012April 2012March 2012February 2012More NewsJames Franco's Gay Art Film Trailer is Very Confusing! Watch It Here.Angelina Jolie in Talks to Direct WWII Flick: Is She the Next Kathryn Bigelow?Terrence Malick's 'To The Wonder' Reminds Us (for Better or Worse) of 'Tree Of Life'  TRAILER'OZ': Kunis, Williams, or Weisz: Which Witch Is the Wicked One?  POSTERFrom 'This Is 40' to Hitchcock to 'Wolverine': A Brief History of Spin-off Movies A-Z index CelebritiesMoviesTV Whats on Hollywood.com RSS FeedsActors302,663Photos497,841Videos13,675Fan Pages128,147Reviews2,556Trailers5,364TV129,006Movies280,546Hollywood.comAboutUsAdvertise With UsContact UsNewsletterFan SitesDirectoryJustin Bieber FansiteJessica AlbaBritneySpears.orgPartnersSpill.comMovieTickets.comTSS NewsBox OfficeFeedback |Terms of Service|Privacy Policy|Copyright Notices|Report Abuse Isn't It Time You Went Hollywood  1999-2012Hollywood.com, LLC