non-profit,education: National Alliance of Black School Educators (NABSE)Search Our Website:Corporate PartnersInstitutional MembersEmployment OpportunityCenterContact UsNational Alliance of Black School Educators310 Pennsylvania Avenue SEWashington, DC 20003Telephone:     202-608-6310 / 800-221-2654news and updates  UPDATED 12/5/125 states to extend classroom time for almost 20,000 students in bid to boost achievementOpen your notebooks and sharpen your pencils. School for thousands of public school students is about to get quite a bit longer. Five states announced that they will add at least 300 hours of learning time to the calendar in some schools starting in 2013. Colorado, Connecticut, Massachusetts, New York and Tennessee will take part in the initiative, which is intended to boost student achievement and make U.S. schools more competitive on a global level. [read more]STEAM: Experts make case for adding arts to STEMThe acronym STEM - shorthand for science, technology, engineering and mathematics - has quickly taken hold in education policy circles, but some experts in the arts community and beyond suggest it may be missing another initial to make the combination more powerful. The idea? Move from STEM to STEAM, with an A for the arts.  [read more]Why the private sector needs to invest in public school teachersTwenty-five percent of Americans who start high school fail to graduate - and that leads to an unemployment rate for high school dropouts that is 3.5 percentage points higher than for college grads. As it happens, U.S. college graduation rates aren't impressive, either - at 40 percent, the U.S. rate is below the global average.  [read more]Penn studies African-American athlete graduations A report by the Penn Graduate School of Education Center for the Study of Race and Equity in Education says that most of the schools in the NCAA's six major sports conferences have weak graduation rates for their African-American male student-athletes by almost any measure. Data from the four-year study of athletes from the schools that comprise the ACC, Big East, Big Ten, Big 12, Pac 12, and SEC show that on average, 50.2 percent of African-American male student-athletes graduated within six years and that 96.1 percent of the schools graduated African-American male student-athletes at rates lower than student-athletes overall. [read more]New mind-boggling evidence proves SAT bias Ibram Rogers writes: Recently, I made the case that the "merit plea" opposing affirmative action is an inherently racist argument. In the blog, I briefly mentioned that the SAT is racially biased and not an adequate measurement of merit, as many would lead us to believe. The test is and has long been biased against African-Americans. For me, grossly and consistently unequal outcomes almost always prove racist intent. The annual outcome of Whites out-scoring Blacks on the SAT demonstrates intent, proves the test is biased.  [read more]Study: Standardized testing costs states $1.7 billion a year Standardized-testing regimens cost states some $1.7 billion a year overall, or a quarter of 1 percent of total K-12 spending in the United States, according to a new report on assessment finances. The report released calculates that the test spending by 44 states and the District of Columbia amounted to $65 per student on average in grades 3-9 based on the most recent test-cost data the researchers could gather.  [read more]Report: MSIs leading the way in remedial education reform As higher education leaders continue to grapple with the need to rethink and redesign remedial education, it may pay to look at the experience of 25 minority-serving institutions, or MSIs, that revamped their remedial programs under a three-year initiative that just came to an end. [read more]Missouri education data reveal large racial achievement gapsWhite and Asian-American students graduated at a higher rate in nearly every state across the U.S. compared with black and Hispanic students in the 2010-11 school year, according to preliminary data released by the Education department. The report presents additional evidence that a large racial achievement gap still exists among students across the country. [read more]New coalition targets achievement gap in schoolsAn influential collection of metro-area organizations goes public with a new attempt to focus the spending of millions intended to erase the achievement gap in inner-city schools. The Generation Next partnership will focus first on fostering research-based strategies for closing racial and economic achievement gaps in Minneapolis and St. Paul, both district and charter schools.  [read more]The power of academic parent-teacher teamsThis time of year, many people are reflecting on what is truly important in life and all they have to be grateful for. The most common item of the top of these lists: Family. For those of us fortunate enough to be born into families that knew how to best encourage us, particularly in our academic endeavors, family support almost goes without saying. But in some families, parents who would like to help their children succeed don't know how best to do so. As educators, we can help families develop the skills needed to support their children in school and beyond. One model for doing so: Academic parent-teacher teams. [read more]Study: Homework doesn't always mean better gradesResearchers from the University of Virginia looked at transcripts and data for more than 18,000 10th-grade students nationwide. Their findings show more homework assignments didn't translate into better grades. According to the Daily Mail newspaper, the study found homework doesn't necessarily help children to get better grades, but may help them get better standardized test scores. [read more]Making it a team effort: Students learn to collaborateLydia Dobyns writes: Watching high school freshmen navigate a collaborative project for the first time is a delight, or should I say watching them cross the "finish line" is a source of pride for all involved. Think of it like teaching your child to ride a bike, only this is a tandem bike built for six. As the teacher you function as the "push" coach and know that there are often spills and a few bruised hands in the early attempts. [read more] NABSE. All Rights Reserved     Privacy Policy  Site Index  Contact Us  Website Design: A Thousand Words MediaAnti Spam