Change of Subject: Connecticut school shootings, open threadHomeNewsBusinessSportsEntertainmentTravelHealthOpinionReal EstateCarsJobsDealsChange of SubjectOBSERVATIONS, REPORTS, TIPS, REFERRALS AND TIRADESBY ERIC ZORN | E-mail |  About | RSS Further proof that any statement beginning `I'm not a gynecologist, but...' will never end well |MainFriday, December 14, 2012Connecticut school shootings, open threadShare|I'm off today but thought I'd open up a comment thread on this horrific incident in Connecticut. I'm certain there are no pat answers to why these kinds of incidents keep happening -- there will be talk that it's a gun-control issue, a cultural issue, a mental health issue -- and the truth is that despite all the security theater, we live in a very vulnerable society.Posted at 03:00:21 PMComments You can follow this conversation by subscribing to the comment feed for this post.I've been feeling sick and shaky all afternoon, waiting for my kids to come home and actually feeling semi-fearful about our plans to go to the zoo tonight. Ironically just yesterday, I think, in this space someone said that these mass shootings are becoming more rare. I don't have the wherewithal to even begin to look for stats but I'm sure someone will weigh in on that sooner or later.In the meantime I'll weigh in with an anecdote of my own that's come to mind. This summer, when I was at Minute Man National Park, the rangers asked us to weigh in on our feelings about the Second Amendment. I wrote down something about how the Founding Fathers could never have dreamed of the caliber of weaponry available today (among other things). Shortly after that, I saw another park visitor rip my page out of the book. Today, I hope that dismissing the opinions of those who think guns should be better regulated won't be quite as easy. And to those who say now is the time only to grieve and not the time to bring up questions or express outrage about our gun-happy culture...I say when?Just last week, Jon Stewart had an interesting take on how Bob Costas was ripped to shreds for apparently "violating unwritten rules by discussing guns and violence immediately following an instance of preventable gun violence." I repeat, if not now then when?Posted by:Esmom |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 03:22 PMApologies for overuse of the term "weigh in." Typing fast...should edit before posting, not after :)Posted by:Esmom |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 03:29 PMQuite simply, today is not a day to get on one's soapbox for or against gun control, or on any other soapbox for that matter. The only appropriate response today is to unite and weep for the families of Newtown, and pray (or reflect, if you prefer) that one day we will never need to weep together as today.Posted by:Jim |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 03:43 PMWhy do we focus on foreign terrorism, cause and effect, prevention, and ignore the mass violence perpetrated by our own citizens?This most shocking of recent like events must start a serious converstion.Posted by:Wendy |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 03:56 PMAll I could think of when I heard this was I really, really wish that this would happen at NRA headquarters!Posted by:Garry |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 04:04 PMOne idiot tries to light his shoe on fire, now every American getting on a plane has to take their shoes off. Mass shooting after mass shooting, but of course now is not the time to talk about gun control. Posted by:tb |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 04:23 PMJim, how about tomorrow then?Posted by:JakeH |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 04:32 PM--I'm not a parent, but my wife and I have talked about having kids in the very near future. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't having second thoughts about raising children in the United States of America.Posted by:Edge of the 14th Ward |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 04:42 PM"Quite simply, today is not a day to get on one's soapbox for or against gun control, or on any other soapbox for that matter. The only appropriate response today is to unite and weep for the families of Newtown, and pray (or reflect, if you prefer) that one day we will never need to weep together as today."Didn't we try prayer and reflection after the last mass shooting.  And the one before that.  And the one before that.  And the one...Soapbox today. Soapbox tomorrow. Soapbox forever.-- MrJMPosted by:MrJM |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 05:08 PMMJM,Taking Rahm's advice "Never let a crisis go to waste"?Posted by:Barry3 |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 05:44 PMIs it appropriate for the media to be interviewing the surviving children right after this event? Children 5 to 9 years in age? I don't think so. Parents and psychologists should be the only contact.Posted by:Wendy |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 05:46 PMEsmom,I was the one who in another thread mentioned decline in mass shootings, and taken at that alone was totally wrong.  I did however qualify that by saying what I was recalling most likely pertained narrowly to school shootings, and that part is true, school shootings are down by half in the last decade.  I don't know how today's horrific carnage will effect the statistics.Edge,If mass shootings give you a pause about raising children in the U.S., where would you like to go?  Europe perhaps?  http://www.expatica.com/be/news/local_news/mass-shootings-in-europe_195344.htmlMrJM, Esmom and others climbing on a soapbox of gun control,What Jim said is correct not because prayer and reflection will prevent mass shootings (maybe if it's prayer and reflection by potential shooters), but because everyone understandably is deeply saddened and emotionally charged and in that state many are not thinking straights, taking the "facts be damned attitude".  Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 05:55 PMBarry, that's disgusting. I know a former student of my brother died at NIU in that shooting. This stuff is happening way too often. But only the TWNJs  are qualified to say when we can discuss this. Forget that. (NOT the term I would like to use)  http://thinkprogress.org/justice/2012/12/14/1337221/a-timeline-of-mass-shootings-in-the-us-since-columbine/Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 05:57 PM*RWNJs.  That would be right wing nutjobs.  And Boris, we'll be awaiting your permission for when this can be discussed. Only a wise man like yourself or Jim has the answer to that question. Or I could just wait for the NRA  to give permission.  Disgusting.  Just freaking disgusting.Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 06:01 PM John KYou also have my permission to improve your reading comprehension, as I simply pointed out that a lot of people understandably are not thinking straight at the moment.  The fact that your "arguments" seem to consist of nothing more than repetition of "disgusting" illustrates that very well.   But if you feel up to it mentally, go ahead and present actual clear evidence that gun control reduces shootings and refute any evidence that may point in the opposite direction.  And along the way explain U.K. gun violence statistics post the gun-control tightening after the school massacre in Scotland.   Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 06:12 PMJohn K,Direct you disgust at JM and him wanting to exploit this situation for political gain.  And your link has the Fort Hood shooting on this list - move that to a terrorism list.Wendy,The MSM has to dish out its "dirty laundry"Posted by:Barry3 |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 06:14 PMHaving my head in my work until I checked out CoS about 30 minutes ago, I was caught completely unaware by the headline of the post.  My heart just about jumped out of my throat. I was immediately overcome with terror for my nieces and nephews.  As some of you may know, I grew up in NY and later, in my teens, in CT. My entire immediate, childhood family lives there and it's a small state. I felt a measure of relief from my panic when I searched the story and saw that it happened in Newtown. No family members there and no close friends there. Newtown is about 20 miles north of where I lived.  Still, relief isn't quite the right word because I'm feeling deeply shaken by the extent of the horror as well as the ages of the children involved.Posted by:Dr X |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 06:27 PM"This most shocking of recent like events must start a serious converstion."Right. Aurora didn't start a serious conversation. Neither did the Wisconsin shooting in October. But THIS time will be different for sure.We just had a big fat election during which neither candidate took a hard position on gun control for fear of pissing off the NRA. The NRA hates Obama anyway, which is interesting, since he's done nothing to make it harder for individuals to obtain guns. I wish something would change. I fear it won't anytime soon. Clearly, one mass horrific shooting after another isn't enough to get the job done. Posted by:David S. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 06:44 PMBoris, these things are happening so often, it's hard to find a break between them. A couple weeks ago, Costas was "too soon."  O'Rielly said Whitlock was "too soon."  When is the right time?  Like tb said, 1 idiot tried to light his feet on fire, and now everyone needs to take their shoes off at the airport.  One freakin nutjob and everyone takes their shoes off.  But these mass shootings over and over and over and over, and we can't discuss it?  It's too early?  I went to my kids school today.  I had to get buzzed in by a guy who monitors the door.  In a nice neighborhood, and a good school. If I ranted about disgused, it's cause I am.  Take the dead kids at Columbine, cut the age in half, then double the victims.  Add in 6 adults dead.  All these years later.  That is disgusting.  I don't think the far right deserves to say when and where we can discuss this. This is another mess the far right caused, that needs to be cleaned up.  We can stop selling automatic weapons this week, and it won't infringe on anybodies right to bear arms or protect themselves. The KC dead woman had guns to protect herself. That didn't work. The dead mother today owned the guns. That didn't work.  Forget those arguements about more guns. It's time for less guns, and less automatic weapons.  Any sane person should agree.Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 06:47 PMJohn K.I think you are still missing my point.  It certainly needs to be discussed, but with cool heads, which is generally impossible right after the carnage.  That's just human nature.   The fact that you seem to be calling me "far right" and insanely blaming this on the "far right" illustrates my point once more. In fact, mainstream social conservatives (and I am not even in their ranks) may say that the societal permissiveness, the breakdown of social norms, diminishing of religious beliefs, the relabeling of criminality into illness, promotion of narcissism via the culture of constant praise of children are causes behind mass shootings.   And they would blame the left for creating these conditions.  Whether they are right or not I don't know (intuitively, the narcissism theory makes sense to me, but it's nothing more than an impetus to learn more.), the point is the discussion needs to be factual.  I am not sure what the relevance of automatic weapons is to this, as the shooting was done with two handguns according to what I see in the news.  In fact, as was discussed in a thread just couple days ago about the IL gun laws, there is no reliable evidence that gun control reduces crime nor that gun ownership reduces crime.   But again, when heads are hot, facts don't seem to matter.As far as your "any sane person should agree.", I would ask "When did you stop beating your domestic partner?".    I am very sane, I don't own a gun and never have, I don't advocate people should.  Nor do I advocate people, except for convicted criminals, insane and young (I would actually set the cutoff at 25, the current brain maturity age) should be prevented from owning weapons that constitute reasonable self-protection.  Moreover, I think that gun control is a huge unproductive distraction that prevents us from looking for much more likely causes and cures.Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 07:10 PMCount me as part of the "let's discuss this now, today" crowd.  I mean, the best day to discuss how to prevent something like this from happening would have been yesterday, or the day before the Sikh temple shooting, or the day before the Aurora shooting, or the day before the Virginia Tech shooting, or the day before the NIU shooting, or the day before the Columbine shooting, but since we didn't prevent this from happening on those days, today is the next best day.There will be plenty of time for cool discussion in the days, weeks, and months to come; it's not as though Congress is on the verge of passing bills.  But those of us that want to do something about this need to start getting organized today, while the anger is raw and this event is on everybody's mind.  People who tell you "not today" are not on your side; ignore them.Posted by:Taxpayer |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 07:27 PMBoris, I own a 12 gauge shotgun. I used to hunt a bit. Haven't in years.  I know it's been reported the Bushmaster was found in the car, and he used the handguns in the school, shooting defenseless children, among others.  But banning automatic, or semi-automatic weapons NOW could stop the next Aurora, or Gabby Giffords type of shooting.  No reason to wait.  What good do those guns do?  Stop selling them NOW, so the next 20 year old  nut can't get one.  No excuses.  And if the religious beliefs don't involve "your" god, let's not forget that then it's terrorism.  When it is your god, well, that guy in Wisconsin was just a nut.  I like the way you shift every nutjob onto the left because "the left created these conditions."  Very hard not to swear today.  But I got it. Any crazy person is the lefts fault, and more religion, as long as they  pick the right one.  Understood. Can you tell us the correct religion kids in the United States should follow, so we can continue to be free to purchase high-velocity guns?  I'll pass it along.Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 07:27 PMHey Barry3, that's right, it is terrorism if they don't believe in Jesus right? (6:14pm)  But I'm sure the guy in Wisconsin is just a nut.  VERY HARD NOT TO SWEAR TODAY!  Let's get an assault weapon ban done before New Year.  No freaking reason no to.  They serve no purpose other than killing people, quick, and we have too many nutcases out there.  Stopping sales won't eliminate the guns out there, but it may stop the next nutjob.  There is no valid reason not to ban those sales.Posted by:VERY HARD NOT TO SWEAR TODAY!! |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 07:44 PMBreaking news.  If you voted for Romney because your candidate didn't win the primaries, you are probably far right.  You might not know it, but is almost definetly a fact.  Somebody needed to tell you that.Posted by:VERY HARD NOT TO SWEAR TODAY!! |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 07:52 PMSWEAR,"Hey Barry3, that's right, it is terrorism if they don't believe in Jesus right?"  It is Islamic terrorism if they do it in the name of Allah."The 20-year-old killer, carrying two handguns..." - I don;t believe an assult weapon was involved.How's that Gun Control working for Chicago?  It's a crime to kill people.  Criminals kill people.  If you ban guns, do you think the criminals will obey the gun control law?Posted by:Barry3 |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 07:54 PMNot sure why my name changed. Got it. Wrong god, terrorism. Right god, nutcase. Got it.  I don't want to ban guns. Just sale of assault weapons. I'm starting small. I don't think selling assault weapons to people in beleagued Chicago residents will help cut homicede rates. So lets stop selling them altogether. Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 08:19 PM*beleagured neighborhoods   or beleagured Chicago residents.  Today really bothered me.  How people can defend selling assault weapons here anymore scrambles my brain. There is no legitimate reason.  Also, more and more of these shootings are in "safe" neighborhoods.  Just ban the sale of them.  It needs to be done.  Why does anyone need a Bushmaster?  Serious question.Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 08:46 PMJohn KAgain you display disregard for what I actually said.  I said what the social conservative side may throw at you.  I am not a social conservative (for example, pro gay marriage, pro abortion) and I am an atheist to boot.  So your rant against me yet again demonstrates how being in an emotional state makes one say entirely stupid anti-factual things.For the record, I don't care if automatic weapons are banned.  But if you think that's going to stop such massacres, you are putting emotions and wishful thinking ahead of reality.  Given than in a single act of domestic terrorism a fertilizer bomb  killed more people that a whole string of mass shootings combined, perhaps you'll be inclined to ban fertilizer?Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 09:14 PMTaxpayerSure, let's answer a horrific act based on a "I feel therefore blindly attack" mentality with the same.  Brilliant!  Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 09:23 PMOK Boris, we're cool on a semi- or automatic weapons ban today. It's all I'm looking for. It's a good start. No reason congress shouldn't be on this Monday.  Except for the NRA lobby. Those cheap bas@##$#tards.Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 09:34 PMWay earlier, Wendy raised a legitimate question of resource allocation.We do spend a lot on trying to prevent acts of terrorism (foreign sourced or domestic).   I don't know what efforts are made to prevent senseless mass killings, but likely much less.  Acts of political terrorism and these mass killings are different beasts.  Terrorism prevention, though very hard, if probably easier than mass killing like today's prevention, while lives saved probably more numerous (nutcases so far haven't been known to turn airplanes into flying missiles or have credible WMD aspirations).Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 09:34 PMJohn KI think Congress has other priorities at the moment.  And priorities is the gist of my posts.  When despite tons of studies and many years of research, the connection (even correlation, let alone causality) between gun control and homicide rate has not been established, why would sane people be devoting resources to it?   Every hour of human energy spent on gun control debates is the same not spent on issues of mental health, community bonds, or whatever else has not yet being ruled out.   How is that sane?Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 09:50 PMI don't get the focus on guns here...this guy could just as easily have used a bomb (as Boris intimated).  In China, someone just slashed 22 people with a knife.Posted by:Brian |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 09:57 PMYes Brian, he slashed 22 kids with a knife. Nobody is dead. They all lived.  It's a point some of us are trying to make.  They will all go back to their parents.  Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 10:02 PMThose freakin commies need some freedom Brian?  Better if he had a gun Brian?  Tell usw about it.Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 10:14 PMAnd for all the BS about building bombs. You folks would be the 1st to scream about freedom lost. The Obama admin. has a much better record against terrorism  than the previous one.  Nobody can argue that.Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 10:27 PMBoris, I don't think that it's right to say that studies show "gun control" to be ineffective.  It's more complicated than that.  One might grant, for example, that a concealed carry law in a given state does not appear to lead to an increase in crime, all else equal.  (It may soon be a moot point anyway, as it seems likely that carrying a gun outside the home for self-protection will be recognized as a constitutional right.)  At the same time, one might want to explore "gun control" that *hasn't* been tried.  We could be far more strict about regulating gun sales and ownership than we are, while still satisfying the Second Amendment and still accommodating every legitimate desire for a gun, whether it's for protection, hunting, or sports.  I once suggested here that gun transfers should be entirely prohibited except at licensed dealers, and that individuals, as well as dealers and every link in the supply chain, would be responsible for accounting for their weapons at regular intervals or face severe penalties.  Consumer purchases and ownership would be heavily restricted as to number of weapons, type of weapon, and ammunition, and subject to rigorous background checks.  People under 25 would not be allowed to purchase a gun absent a co-signor who would assume liability if the gun is used in a crime.  (Rental car companies don't trust under-25 people with their cars, at least not without charging a big fee.  That's for a good reason.  Young people are less mature.  These shootings are always committed by young men.)  Let's keep track of legal weapons and give the authorities the reasonable tools they need in order to fight trafficking in illegal weapons.  Right now, federal oversight of gun sales and ownership seems to be a joke, too easily got around.  In that environment, it doesn't surprise me that local laws like Chicago's previous ban on handguns, don't make any difference.  Let's figure out how to keep weapons out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them.  That doesn't strike me as an utterly hopeless task.  Let's ask experts in gun trafficking what they would like to see, recognizing that we will never and can never institute a total ban.  The problem is, when the subject is broached, the gun rights advocates shout you down.  Every restriction, they say, no matter how reasonable, is a violation, a step down a slippery slope toward tyranny.  That's nuts, and, after Heller and its likely progeny, legally inaccurate, as the Supreme Court has given the Second Amendment teeth.  Nonetheless, we can't seem to find our way to regulate guns nearly as strictly as we regulate controlled substances or even driving.  We can't even *talk* about it.Posted by:JakeH |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 10:28 PMThere have been 16 mass shootings in 2012. No wonder there hasn't been the right time to have a serious discussion about it. They are happening every few weeks.Here is a list:February 22, 2012Five people were killed in at a Korean health spa in Norcross, Georgia, when a man got into an argument and opened fire inside the facility.February 26, 2012Multiple gunmen began firing into a nightclub crown in Jackson, Tennessee, killing one person and injuring 20 others.February 27, 2012Three students at Chardon High School in rural Ohio were killed when a classmate opened fire.March 8, 2012Two people were killed and seven wounded at a psychiatric hospital in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, when a gunman entered the hospital with two semiautomatic handguns and began firing.March 31, 2012A gunman opened fire on a crowd of mourners at a North Miami, Florida, funeral home, killing two people and injuring 12 others.April 2, 2012A 43-year-old former student at Oikos University in Oakland, California, walked into his former school and killed seven people, execution-style. Three people were wounded.April 6, 2012Two men went on a deadly shooting spree in Tulsa, Oklahoma, shooting black men at random in an apparently racially motivated attack. Three men died and two were wounded.May 29, 2012A man in Seattle, Washington, opened fire in a coffee shop and killed five people and then himself.July 9, 2012At a soccer tournament in Wilmington, Delaware, three people were killed, including a 16-year-old player and the event organizer, when multiple gunmen began firing shots, apparently targeting the organizer.July 20, 2012James Holmes enters a midnight screening of The Dark Knight Rises and opens fire with a semi-automatic weapon; twelve people are killed and fifty-eight are wounded.August 5, 2012A white supremacist and former Army veteran shot six people to death inside a Sikh temple in suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin, before killing himself.August 14, 2012Three people were killed at Texas A&M University when a 35-year-old man went on a shooting rampage; one of the dead was a police officer.September 27, 2012A 36-year-old man who had just been laid off from Accent Signage Systems in Minneapolis, Minnesota, entered his former workplace and shot five people to death, and wounded three others before killing himself.October 21, 201245-year-old Radcliffe Frankin Haughton shot three women to death, including his wife, Zina Haughton, and injured four others at a spa in Brookfield, Wisconsin, before killing himself.December 11, 2012A 22-year-old began shooting at random at a mall near Portland, Oregon, killing two people and then himself.December 14, 2012One man murders a reported twenty-six people at an elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, including twenty children, before killing himself. Posted by:ChiEyes |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 10:40 PM JakeH,re: "People under 25 would not be allowed to purchase a gun"Yes, and go back and see that I said that earlier, for a simple reason that science suggests brains don't mature until 25.  (Oh, and btw, under 25s shouldn't be voting either, for the same reason.)"Let's figure out how to keep weapons out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them."   The problem is, most of the time you only know who should have had them in hindsight.  Whatever the characteristics of these killers have- and from what I saw written about it, there is no unifying profile, tons more people have the same characteristics and do not commit any acts of violence.  So don't kid yourself.Why are you limiting where you look for evidence (or lack of it)?  Look in Europe. Look in the UK and see if there is any gun death reduction after even stricter gun control measures were passed in the wake of the Scottish kindergarten massacre.  The unfortunate answer is that gun deaths went up considerably?  Cause and effect?  I doubt.  But at a minimum zero support for stick gun control as means of gun deaths reduction.So *talk* about all you want, just remember that every time you do, you are not talking about something that may actually make a difference.Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 10:55 PMI am a hunter. I do not want to argue about gun control today except to say that the mentally ill should not have access to guns. I bring this up because most -- if not all-- of the recent mass shootings were committed by the mentally ill. I also bring this up because most gun owners would agree. Therefore I suggest the following:1) Increase the reporting requirements of mental healthcare professionals and teachers to report potentially violent people to the police.  This would make gun ownership background checks more meaningful  and perhaps allow the police to search the homes of such people for guns.2) Make gun owning family members of such people civilly and criminally liable if they do not take extreme measures to prevent the guns from falling into the hands of the mentally ill.3) Make it much easier to commit the potentially violent mentally ill to mental institutions.4) Any other suggestions regarding the mentally ill?Posted by:JerryB |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 11:03 PMJohn K:You sometimes make good substantive points. But over the years almost all of your posts show you to be an angry hothead. I only know you from your posts.I could care less about you being an angry hothead except for the fact that you should not be owning a 12 gauge shotgun as you disclosed above.Please call the police asap to have them pick it up -- unless all those that know you personally believe you to be otherwise.Seriously.Posted by:JerryB |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 11:20 PM@JerryB  Bend over. I've got it for ya.Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 11:31 PMI'm a bit incredulous about all the hand-wringing going on today about how tragic this event was.The population of the United States has made the decision that there will be a mass murder on a regular basis for the indefinite future.When it is possible for virtually anybody to acquire an unlimited number of weapons of every description, along with the most deadly ammunition with which to fuel them...when there is a highly organized and well-funded organization dedicated virtually solely to maintaining unlimited access to every firearm imaginable...when half of the politicians and seemingly half of the general population agree with this concept and support it with their votes and money...Then there will be a mass murder in the USA on a regular basis.I long ago gave up on gun control. The country would be a much better, more peaceful place if all guns (other then law enforcement and military) vaporized overnight. But that will never happen. They're here to stay. But those who actively support unlimited access to them are condoning mass murder.This is not a theory or a hypothesis. It is observable fact that in the United States our gun culture will result in this happening, without end, forever.So either stop crying about it or do something about it. And the only way something meaningful will get done is if it starts within the gun culture itself. Good luck with that.Posted by:Occam's Razor |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 11:31 PMJohn K:Or you could have said Yes I will set a good example for others on CoS by pledging to turn in my unused 12 gauge shotgun.Instead you chose to invoke images of sodomizing someone with that weapon.Posted by:JerryB |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 11:48 PM@JerryB Don'tworry about the gun. I gave it to a buddy years ago. And I'm not as angry as you think. Although on a day  like today, I'm outraged, And I question anyone who isn't. I second every word Occam's Razor said above.  And Jerry, sometimes I'm just venting against idiots here.  And this place grows some of them.Posted by:John K. |Friday, December 14, 2012 at 11:49 PMThe day I take advice from Jerry B, I give up/ Hey Jerry, take a walk. I'm sorry I was nice to this guy.Posted by:John K. |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 12:14 AMOccam's RazorYou must be God, because mere human researchers, with plenty of data from the U.S. , Europe, etc., don't seem to be able find the connections you so clearly see.   It must feel nice though to proclaim yourself to be so omniscient and on the side of angels.Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 12:15 AMJohn K.I'll rephrase Jerry's point into a question form:If it were established, as it reasonably may be,  that people in an angry irrational state ("facts be damned", "the message don't matter, the messenger does") are more likely to be violent and in the presence of guns, use them in their violence, would you be against laws that prohibit gun ownership by people who might be prone to episodes of anger coupled with threats towards others? Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 12:25 AMJerry B. How would you solve the mulriple mass-murders we are seeing?  School shootings and such.  Aside from everyone just beleiving in Jesus.Posted by:John K. |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 12:26 AMJerry B. Your suggestions (John K, did you miss that Jerry already did what you just asked him?) on the surface of it seem reasonable, but given how many people nowadays have one sort of mental issue or another, the overwhelming majority without ever hurting an fly, I would think not particularly practical.Crime trends in general seem to elude our understanding.  When the crime rate were rising through the 60s, 70s and 80s, many theories were floating around and most expected the rates to be rising.  But the started to fall.  Again many theories why, no solid answer.  Take something as rare as mass killings (yes, despite a seemingly long list, in a country of 300+ people it is very rare) and the problem of randomness is even worse.  A trend up right now overall, but a trend down in school shootings (to the extent that one can talk trends in rare events).  There could be societal factors that contribute to the rise and then a few years from now they configure a bit differently and things look different and we still don't know what hit us and what gave us a break.  Not that we should give up trying to work it out, but there isn't going to be an easy/easy to prove solution.Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 12:50 AMIs it possible that the ever-increasingly violent and realistic video games are a factor?  Many of these shooters seem to want to dress the part, and show up in full battle gear.Posted by:Brian |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 01:19 AMBoris, I'm unfamiliar with all the available evidence, but my sense is that gun deaths are not nearly the epidemic in Europe as they are here.  I don't know what exactly will make a difference, but common sense tells me that tougher restrictions on sales and ownership would probably do good and help combat trafficking.  I can't speak to the UK restrictions you mention, as I don't know what they were.  But the environment was already tough on guns.  Here, the environment is unusually permissive, and shootings are rampant.  Your attitude seems to be, There's probably nothing to be done.  That just doesn't seem plausible.Posted by:JakeH |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 01:38 AM@Boris,You cite that school shootings are trending down. Might that not be attributed to increased security measures and training of staff? There isn't any record keeping on incidents prevented, but they do exist. My high school has the same security measures of our county courthouse. Locked doors, metal detectors, security IDs that must be scanned for students, staff and visitors. Yet, two guns made it past these measures a few years ago, resulting in a lockdown that lasted hours while one brave, or extremely foolish, teacher ran down and disarmed one of the students.We train yearly on identifying problems before they happen. We practice lockdown and evacuation procedures. We have go bags (survival kits) in every classroom, mine sits under my desk at my feet. So yes, school incidents may be down, but as we see, they're not entirely preventable. We teachers sometimes feel we're dealing with security on the same level as prison guards.The reality is that no one is truly safe; surely those dying on a nightly basis in Chicago would agree with me. This carnage is the result of the easy availability of guns. Yes, the mentally ill are often responsible, but our government had abandoned them decades ago. You're smart, how do we solve this increasing problem?Forgive me for rambling on this late at night, but I can't sleep. I remember after a particularly long lockdown, I arrived home three hours late. All the children on my block were lined up in front of my house, waiting to see my safe return. What if I hadn't been able to come home, or my child who now attends my high school?Posted by:Wendy |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 04:16 AM@Wendy, you make good points. The fact that the only world my kids know is one where lockdown drills regularly occur in schools has seemed heartbreaking to me. But now I'll take some comfort in knowing that maybe this mentality, along with the added security measures, has possibly prevented some of the crushing violence we can't seem to stop seeing.However, as you said, none of this helps those who are still dying on the streets of our city every night, where in some places it's actually easier to acquire a gun than a piece of fruit. I'm so, so tired of pro-gun people jumping down my throat at the suggestion of tighter regulations, as if I am trying to personally take away their freedoms or even their guns. The fact that the rhetoric has changed, thanks largely to the NRA's very calculated and obviously highly successful campaign, from "gun control" to  "gun rights" shows what we are up against in simply trying to find ways to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them. Not to mention the cultural forces at play, which equate guns with entertainment, glamour, toughness, coolness, whatever.An uphill battle if there ever was one.Posted by:Esmom |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 06:49 AMBy September 12, 2001 we were already hearing thoughts about/plans for invading Afghanistan/Iraq.  So the day after 3000 people died, we can talk about war, but we can't talk about gun control when 28 people (most of them small children) have died?  You can take your phone partisan hyperventilating and...well, I won't complete the thought, but I trust my contempt is clear enough.Posted by:Dienne |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 07:06 AM"with" s/b "when".  Sorry.Posted by:Dienne |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 07:17 AMBTW, I would like to point out that many of the educators at this school - the principal, the school psychologist and many of the teachers - were the heroes of this tragedy.  So I hope we can lay off the teacher bashing bullsh*t about how teachers don't care about kids, okay?Posted by:Dienne |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 07:22 AMAnd one more BTW, in response to JerryB's question about what to do with the "mentally ill":  how about we treat them rather than closing up mental health facilities and drying up all the funding for mental health, even if it costs a bit more in dreaded govmint spending?  Maybe we could close a military base or two to make it "deficit neutral".Posted by:Dienne |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 07:28 AMFor those who feel that only the government should have "assault rifles," I'd respond that the first school shooting that I'd ever heard of was Kent State University in 1970.I'd purchased "assault rifles" in response to learning history.  When I was in my early 30s and the father of young children, I happened into reading about the period between the wars.  I never wanted to be at a railway depot being separated from my family...never wanted to be on my knees in front of a mass grave waiting for my turn.  Like an insurance policy, I take them out once a year and review before putting back.My wife will tell you that I cried yesterday afternoon when we were watching the news coverage.  It's not the guns, it's the culture that doesn't have a place for young men who aren't smart AND athletic to go with their angst.  There's no more working at the quarry, or farm, or factory/warehouse.  Those places are gone - replaced with fast food restaurants and call centers.  Places to "suck it up" when faced with rude people with no recourse.Posted by:johnnyruss |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 08:20 AM@Dienne, that was one of my first thoughts, too. They willingly, reflexively, put themselves in the line of fire to protect those kids. True heroes.Posted by:Esmom |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 08:21 AM@Boris, At no point in my post did I declare myself God, nor did I " proclaim (my)self to be so omniscient and on the side of angels." I have no idea how you could come to those conclusions based on what I wrote.To reiterate:1. The population of the USA has decided through action and legislation that any and all guns will be available to anybody in any quantity. (Fact)2. Gun-related mass murder happens on a regular basis in the USA. (Fact)3. Gun-related mass murder would be rare if guns were not readily available. (Opinion, bordering on fact)4. Gun-related mass murder will continue unabated in the USA if our current gun laws and culture don't change. (Prediction based on fact)5. It is disingenuous to proclaim horror at each of these events while supporting the infrastructure that makes them possible. (Opinion)When you can post a list of mass shootings in a western country similar to the one posted by ChiEyes above, then I will reevaluate my opinion that there is a straight-line relationship between American gun culture and mass murder.As I said in my last post, good luck with that.Posted by:Occam's Razor |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 08:29 AM@Boris, I've been thinking about your constant refrain (on this thread and elsewhere) about how if facts don't align precisely with an argument then it has no validity whatsoever. And that emotions have no place in effecting change, only facts. Do you truly believe that every major change that has occurred in human history -- civil rights, abolition, heck even the choice of colonial patriots to stand up to Great Britain and fight for freedom -- has relied only on facts and not emotions as the catalyst? We are humans. We have emotions. It's those emotions and passions that spur us to go against conventional wisdom or challenge known facts and make a difference.Posted by:Esmom |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 08:33 AMAllow teachers and school administrators to become reserve law enforcement officers. After completing the same background check and psych screen as regular officers, train them and allow them to carry concealed firearms and/or secure firearms in biometric safes for emergency use. Israel has routinely armed school personnel for decades without negative effects.Posted by:Chris |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 08:37 AMTrue Heroeshttp://abcnews.go.com/US/connecticut-elementary-school-shooting-victims-hero-teacher-principal/story?id=17982784#.UMyLr-Rm7s4Posted by:Wendy |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 09:01 AMYes, we have suffered an incalculable loss: so many innocent children, so many innocent adults.But consider the bio of the shooter: A brilliant, troubled boy who, it is obvious in retrospect, needed ongoing and intensive psychiatric intervention. With effective treatment, he might even have lived to make valuable intellectual contributions to our culture. Dienne is correct: We need to focus on the care of those afflicted with mental illness. We need to promote and expand medical and pharmaceutical research for treating disorders of the brain. We need to reopen and adequately staff psychiatric hospitals and long-term and intermediate-term care facilities. We need to educate our population about the devastating tragedy of mental illness and to remind people--young and old alike--that the brain is a palpable organ of the body, like the heart and liver, and that like the heart and liver it can be treated, repaired, restored. We need to urge our elected officials--state, local, and federal--to make the funding of mental health research and mental health care facilities a top priority.Posted by:LS |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 09:28 AMJohn K,"Wrong god, terrorism. Right god, nutcase." - Whcih one of these mass murders did this in the name of Jesus?  How many acts of violence are done in the name of Islam vs Christianity per year?  Have you not been paying attention the past couple fo decades?"I don't want to ban guns. Just sale of assault weapons. I'm starting small." - And there you have why you will never get the NRA to the table on gun control.  The Left is starting small.  Eventually they will work their way to the handguns and hunting rifles.Posted by:Barry3 |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 09:29 AMHere's a question for Eric's year-end predictions:True or false: The number of gun-related mass murders in which 5 or more people are killed will exceed 20 during calendar year 2013.Posted by:Occam's Razor |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 09:29 AMOccam,"The population of the USA has decided through action and legislation that any and all guns will be available to anybody in any quantity. (Fact)" - FALSE.  Unless it is done thru illegal means.  Most convicts cannot legally access weapons and neither can people determined to be mentally unstable.Gun-related mass murder happens on a regular basis in the USA. (Fact).  They are happeming more now than they have in the past.  What's changed?  This society has had guns for a couple of centuries now, don't remember reading about school shootings in the old days."Gun-related mass murder would be rare if guns were not readily available. (Opinion, bordering on fact)" - File that under DUH.  Basketball players would be rare if basketballs didn;t exist. Gun-related mass murder will continue unabated in the USA if our current gun laws and culture don't change. (Prediction based on fact) - Peraps it the latter and not the former since guns have been in our society since the beginning.  Maybe its our culture that is causing this?  Have a talk with Hollywood.Posted by:Barry3 |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 09:38 AMAnybody want to tell me where he or she thinks God was yesterday, or that He indeed exists?  Faith is supposed to be belief without evidence. But what faith ought we to have when the evidence points in the other direction?  Posted by:GJO'L |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 09:45 AMGJO'L, the God crowd will twist this in any way possible to support their viewpoint.  "God wanted to gather these innocents to His breast and sent the killer as His agent."  "God works in ways beyond our understanding."  And so on.  Bleah.Posted by:DaveB |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 09:55 AMEsmom,In your last post you brought up a lot of topics supposedly pursuing some analogy which you made no attempt to demonstrate as applicable.  And yes, that would involve referencing facts, such as for example, that the civil rights movement didn't have facts behind it - a ludicrous claim.You apparently completely misconstrued my point.  By definition, emotions arise without us asking for them, but at some point our thinking self may intervene or not.  What I am saying that for better outcomes, it helps for the thinking self to intervene.  And that goes with consideration of facts and application of logic.    You are coming very dangerously close to saying that emotions can change facts.  I would be surprised that it's actually the sort of delusional thinking that murder-suicide perpetrators have.  Of course they are a tiny percentage of people who in one time or another have delusions.  I would think, fact based thinking and action has a higher probability of achieving the desired outcome.  In this case, for me, the desired outcome is reduction in deaths.   Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 09:57 AMI'm disgusted by the number of Facebook morons suggesting that 'God in the schools' would've prevented this. Gee, God's all over the Catholic Church right, but did he do anything to stop all the rape over the years?  How can so much direct evidence be ignored by the believing mind?  God does nothing - he doesn't answer prayers, and he doesn't prevent tragedies or massacres no matter how pious the victims. It's up to us to save ourselves from ourselves. Posted by:BrianE |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 10:09 AM@Boris, you are really twisting my words now. My point was that you can't separate emotions from the facts that surround us. Of course the civil rights movement had facts behind it but it took emotionally-driven actions to push them forward. For example, the fact was that Rosa Parks was not allowed to sit wherever she wanted on the bus. At some point emotion took over and she decided she's had enough.Anyway, I can't do this anymore.@GJO'L, I saw a meme on Facebook and I didn't know if I should laugh or cry. Thsi is what it says and I quote "Dear God, why do you allow so much violence in schools? Signed a concerned student....Dear concerned student, I'm not allowed in schools. Signed, God.So is the implication here is that if we allow prayer in schools the violence will magically go away? I know there's probably a larger message about how it's our growing secularism that's led to the downfall of society, which has led to the violence. But still I don't know if I should laugh or cry because as usual, people are sidestepping the fact that deadly weapons killed innocent kids yesterday and something we're doing is just. not. working.Posted by:Esmom |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 10:13 AMOccam,To add to Barry3's reply, poke around and see how things are with respect to mass murder statistics in Western Europe taken as a whole (to be more or less comparable to the U.S. population).  It's hardly a U.S. problem.  The worst one by far you may recall occurred recently in Norway.  Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 10:15 AMDienne,After September 11, 2001 we had a pretty good idea who was behind the attack and likely planning more.  Moreover, during that attack alone more people were killed that in all the mass killings over several decades combined.  Your analogy simply doesn't work.  It's apples and oranges.Which if any of the mass-shootings your suggestions regarding mental institutions would have prevented?Chris,Teachers becoming reserve law enforcement officers and carrying concealed weapons would be sensible only if the inevitable incremental accidental deaths resulting from that is small relative to the reduction in mass shooting casualties.  It's an empirical question.   I don't know if there are relevant statistics to anchor a guess of how it may play out, but given that the probability of being killed in a school shooting is still incredibly small (even as fears after each incident loom large), it may not take much of an accidental death rate to overtake the protection benefits.Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 10:35 AM--@Barry3, "The population of the USA has decided through action and legislation that any and all guns will be available to anybody in any quantity. (Fact)" - FALSE. Unless it is done thru illegal means. Most convicts cannot legally access weapons and neither can people determined to be mentally unstable."I could be wrong, but I think anyone can walk into a "Gun Show" and walk out with whatever they want without a background check.Anyone who commits a mass murder such as yesterday's is, by definition, "mentally unstable." Frequently, the first sign of mental instability is the act of mass murder itself. It's a good thing that going forward from that act the incarcerated shooter or his corpse can't legally buy guns.@Boris, You poke around and post the list that supports your claim that Western Europe as a whole has a comparable number of mass shootings. And, of course I remember the Norway shooting. Besides the magnitude of its casualties, the other aspect that made it noteworthy is that it is very rare in Norway.Posted by:Occam's Razor |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 10:37 AMOccam,It is also very rare in the U.S.  You are more than a 100 times more likely to die in a car accident.   Population of Norway - under 5 million, 1/60th of the U.S.  So if their mass-murder incidence rate was the same as the U.S., how many would the annual average be?  Less than 1.  And it would take over 4,000 deaths in the U.S. to make the same per capita impact as a single killing of 69 in Norway.I am not sure what the filtering criteria was for this list, perhaps the number of casualties, but go ahead and count up European ones:http://www.zerohedge.com/news/mass-shooting-incidents-last-two-decades.The clear comparisons - like numbers collected the same way over the same period of time - seem to be not easy to look up.  But from what one can look up, it is pretty clear that the phenomena is not at all a U.S. one.  Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 11:13 AM@Boris: Is there gun violence in Western Europe? Sure there is, but it's not nearly as widespread as it is in the U.S. Norway may have had a horrific shooting recently, but its murder rate is 0.6 per 100,000 residents whereas our murder rate is 4.2. The U.K. clocks in at 1.2, Australia at 1.0, Canada at 1.6, Germany at 0.8, etc. Pretty much all of Western Europe has a much lower murder rate than the U.S. (and, for social conservatives who think the answer is more prayer in school, I'd note that all of these appreciably less homicidal countries are a good sight more secular than we are).Now, to be fair, the U.S. is NOT the most violent place in the world. Not by a long-shot. Russia has a murder rate of 10.2 and South Africa has an astonishingly high rate of 31.8. But compared to many other industrialized countries, we tend to fare poorly.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rateThat said, I'm of the opinion that gun control, at this late stage in the game, is pretty much impossible. How can any entity, from the federal government on down, "control" a supply of 300 million guns; a supply that happens to grow by some 4 million guns each and every year? That's the reality on the ground, and it would remain the reality on the ground even if we were to put hard caps on new gun production. Some of us might wish to live in a country that doesn't have so many guns (almost one per person) but that's not going to happen. There's no real practical way to reduce the supply.So, what to do? My instinct is that we ought to treat guns the same way we treat cars. Mandatory gun safety classes in high school. Mandatory licenses for gun owners (complete with an exhaustive mental health exam). Titles (and title transfers) for each gun owned. Mandatory liability insurance for each gun owned. Plus, hugely punitive sentences for gun crimes. Basically, we're not going to get rid of 300 million guns, and there's no way we can "control" that large of a supply, so I think the best we can do is work to change the culture, as well as the legal and regulatory framework that surrounds them.To extend the automobile analogy, if I'm at a party where everyone has a car parked out front, it would be pretty easy for someone to start their engine and run their car through the crowd, killing and injuring dozens, but there are multiple social and legal pressures on people not to do that. I would be more comfortable attending a party where everyone was packing heat (and basically, America these days is like one big party where everyone is packing heat) if there were similar social and legal pressures on people not to fire their guns. Sadly, I think that's our only real choice.Posted by:Edge of the 14th Ward |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 11:27 AMOccam,"I could be wrong, but I think anyone can walk into a "Gun Show" and walk out with whatever they want without a background check." - And when he does a crime is committed."Anyone who commits a mass murder such as yesterday's is, by definition, "mentally unstable." Frequently, the first sign of mental instability is the act of mass murder itself. It's a good thing that going forward from that act the incarcerated shooter or his corpse can't legally buy guns." - And your solution is...?Do you want to take the guns from the 99.99% of people that use them responsibly?Posted by:Barry3 |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 11:29 AMAnd Occam,On this list of the "major mass shootings in the last 3 decades", which is through the Aurora, CO shooting, http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/story/2012/07/20/mass-shootings-list.html,8 are in the U.S. and 6 in Europe, with the death toll slightly higher in Europe.Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 11:30 AMBoris, Your link doesn't go to anything about mass-shooting incidents.I found this: http://www.thecrimsonpirate.com/blog/?p=1871The source is John Lott, a biased writer who thinks more guns are the answer. His list of mass shootings in Europe shows 18 shootings over 10 years, with a total death toll of 129. The Norway incident is not on the list. The post is a couple of years old.ChiEyes's list from this year alone in the US has 16 incidents with a death toll of 88.The US wins. Go America.Mass murder is NOT rare in the US. It has happened at least 16 times over 50 weeks this year alone, for an average of one mass killing every 21 days. That makes it a regular occurrence. Comparing the likelihood of dying in a car crash to the likelihood of dying by mass murder is not a legitimate argument that mass murder is rare.People win multi-million dollar lottery jackpots every week in the US, making it a regular occurrence. The likelihood of any one person winning such a jackpot is infinitesimal. By the way, here is a link about John Lott, the "eyebrow guy." Apparently he is his own best friend and defender on the internet. http://www.improbable.com/2007/08/26/she-who-loves-lott/Posted by:Occam's Razor |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 11:43 AMBarry3,"And when he does a crime is committed." Fine. I will stipulate to that. But it is a crime that is de facto ignored and almost endorsed by the gun show exclusion to background checks. A change in the gun culture that believes it is more important to be able to hold gun shows than it is to keep guns out of the hands of felons and crazies is needed to close this loophole. Ain't gonna happen."And your solution is...?Do you want to take the guns from the 99.99% of people that use them responsibly?"No. If you read my first post in this thread, you would see that I have given up on gun control. I'm even willing to give concealed carry a national trial with a sunset clause. Let's gather 5 years' worth of data and then end the discussion once and for all. If concealed carry reduces crime or has no effect, then let it continue. If the US becomes the wild west again, then end it.WRT managing the current sea of guns in the US, I think 14th Ward is on the right track.Again, the gun culture will resist any system that allows the guvmint to keep track of their arsenals.Posted by:Occam's Razor |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 12:00 PMOccam,Remember the history of why the "gun culture" does not want the "guvmint" (who is that supposed to reprsent when you say the word "government" like that?) keep track of their arms?  A little history will do you good.As I heard today, there are three things to look at, the pyschology of the shooter, the culture of our society, and the gun.  I'll look at them in that order. Posted by:Barry3 |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 12:28 PMDienne:You are exactly correct. The mentally ill have to be IN THE SYSTEM.  The potentially dangerous ones have to be closely monitored. And if they are not taking their meds  they go to a confined residential facility.Note that the Aurora, Colorado shooter was under the psychiatric care of the universitys head of student mental health.And if an investigation shows that this psychiatrist should have had that shooter committed and did not  then she should lose her medical license and have to personally be responsible for the medical malpractice judgments against her. This would change the behavior of the shrink community.And if the state law was unclear as to her reporting duties  then the law should make it much easier to civilly commit such potentially dangerous people to a confine residential facility.Look at John K above who was threatening to anally rape me with his 12 gauge shotgun. Although it is unlikely that he would actually carry through on such a threat  such violent talk  even in jest --from an angry gun owning hothead worries me.Posted by:JerryB |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 12:50 PMEric Zorn & the Chicago Tribune Company:Please review the posts of John K made at 7:27 PM and again at 11:31 PM.Although probably made in hamless jest -- these posts are nevertheless disturbing. Please use your judgement and that of your company.Posted by:JerryB |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 01:07 PMI just had an acquaintance (disingenuously and passive-aggressively, if you ask me) ask on FB why no one is talking about all the kids in China who were stabbed. And profess to be profoundly sad for the cause of these massacres, which she claims to be mental illness. I would have been more inclined to agree with her had she not just changed her profile photo to one of herself firing at a target at a gun range. Sheesh.Posted by:Esmom |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 01:11 PMOccummass-shooting-incidents-last-two-decades and mass-shootings-list.html doesn't say anything about mass shootings? Mislabeled?bre: "If the US becomes the wild west again, then end it." How ironic that that's what you say a couple days after Zorn has a thread where he clearly points to the data showing that it's a myth and the so called Wild West was safer than Cleveland.    And why do you need 5 more years of on concealed carry laws to study?  These laws have been in place in the majority of states for some time now and no Hollywood made up Wild West happened.   Do you think Illinois, the last holdout, is special in how it is going to play out?  If you are going to give an undue weight to statistics from one year in the U.S., then allow me to put undue weight on a single huge incident in Europe, "worth" several of the worst U.S. ones combined.   Aside from the probability of getting killed or seriously injured in one, which ought to be the most relevant thing to policy makers,  another sense in which these events in the U.S. and elsewhere are very rare is that they present dearth of data points for any kind of credible statistical analysis of contributing factors.  There isn't even a perpetrator profile.  One can't even tell what's an outlier cluster vs what's a trend.  Edge,Whatever the causes of the overall murder rate disparity between U.S. and Europe - not the subject of this thread as mass murders are a small fraction of that - availability of guns haven't been implicated.  Murder rate is very low in Finland, the country where if I am not mistaken gun ownership levels is just below the U.S.  Overall, as this article points out, comparisons are very hard to makehttp://www.hs.fi/english/article/Study+shows+the+difficulties+of+comparing+homicide+statistics+/1135269626576 In the U.S. half of the homicides involved socio-economically disadvantaged minority perpetrator and victim.   Europe doesn't have comparable populations to make a proper weighted average to equalize these factors.   The War on Drugs in the minority neighborhoods may well be the single biggest chunk of the problem (that's my impression from looking at Milwaukee homicide stats - the bulk are drug related.)  Again, that's not the topic here.  A lot of things you said about training and licensing may be sensible, but probably not particularly relevant to mass-murder scenarios.Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 01:20 PMBoris,Neither of your links worked for me. No biggie.I used "wild west" as a figure of speech. I missed Zorn's posting re: West, Wild.Perhaps there already is sufficient evidence to end the concealed carry debate. Like I said, if it does no harm, then why not?"Aside from the probability of getting killed or seriously injured in one, which ought to be the most relevant thing to policy makers...."It is also very rare to die in an airline accident, but that doesn't stop the feds from publishing telephone books full of regulations and continually adding more requirements to the way airlines operate." another sense in which these events in the U.S. and elsewhere are very rare "We're just going to disagree on this one. Something that happens every few weeks is not rare. Period.rare 1  (rr)adj. rarer, rarest1. Infrequently occurring; uncommon:Posted by:Occam's Razor |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 01:33 PMI know Eric doesn't like indiscriminate posting of links, but these are good:http://www.theonion.com/articles/fuck-everything-nation-reports,30743/?ref=autohttp://www.theonion.com/articles/right-to-own-handheld-device-that-shoots-deadly-me,30742/I hope the first link doesn't violate some Terms of Service.Posted by:Occam's Razor |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 01:36 PM@Occam's Razor, I'd say those two Onion stories just about sum it up. I've said this before about them and The Daily Show as well...sad when a satirical paper/news outlet can be more insightful than many "real" news outlets.The Onion's post 9/11 coverage remains one of my few treasured news-related keepsakes.Posted by:Esmom |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 01:50 PMA series of observations, with no recommendations follow.Areas with higher rates of mental illness do not have higher rates of gun-related deaths.  There are, however, some attribution confounds in this number.  For example, we don't know the extent to which this reflects true similarity or compensating regional rates of diagnosis or monitoring. (see Ezra Klein, #9) http://tinyurl.com/bt29w79About violence prediction:We're terrible at it, and not for lack of trying to get better at it.--It's known that the median age of mass murderers and spree killers falls in the mid to late 30s, but as yesterday reminds us, there is a wide age distribution of these killers. We're talking about millions of people, so, statistically, age is an extremely weak predictor.--The overwhelming majority of mass murderers and spree killers are male. This halves (approximately) the number, but we're still talking about picking needles out of a huge haystack.--More than half, but far from all mm-sp killers, show signs of mental illness  retrospectively. That could include commonplace problems such as depression after loss of job or break up of a relationship. Predicting which of these people will go on a violent rampage is impossible at this time; I doubt that it will ever be possible. Moreover, at any given time, there are millions of people moving in and out of these categories, complicating the identification of likely actors.  How do we identify them and how many of them do we lock up?--Paranoid psychosis (e.g., probably Colin Ferguson) and schizophrenia (Jared Loughner) are associated with greater risk of violence, but again we're talking about a small number of people among an enormous number of people who suffer these afflictions, very few of whom will ever kill or attempt to kill anyone.  Do we lock them all up permanently?  If they're released, how do we monitor them and stop them from going off their meds and for how long do we do so?  The resources needed for this kind of monitoring are staggering.--If we keep all or most people who are brought to ERs supported by petition to commit (the witness statement that gets them into the hospital for 28-72 hour observation), we would again be hospitalizing huge numbers of people.  Not only that, there is a sordid side to the history of the petition process. For various reasons, many people who shouldn't have been in hospitals were hospitalized on the word of family members who made false reports for a variety of reasons. Simply being unconventional has also led to hospitalization in the past.--The cost of hospitalization is enormous and insurance companies are not inclined to pay for long stays, while multiple stays eventually exhaust coverage. Then there are the people who don't have coverage in the first place. So multiply the current public cost of hospitalization, partial hospitalization  and outpatient community services many times over and accept socialized psychiatric medicine, because that's what we'll have if we hope to make even a small dent in the number of spree and mass murders.--For all the talk about mental illness after these horrific events, when it comes to allocating public money, it seems that these events are entirely forgotten.  Gonna leave this up to each state? Just remember that spree killers often leave their home state when they go on killing sprees. Mississippi's mental health, budget decisions could have effects in Tennessee.--We already commit many people, but it's also true that many of the mentally ill who commit crimes are locked up, in prison.  You might say, let's monitor them carefully after release, but how many of our mass murderers and spree killers have been in prison and diagnosed as mentally ill?  Not many, I suspect. And there are, again, the costs and practical problems of adequate monitoring.--Our problem with identifying future killers is a selection problem. The more true-positive identifications we make, the more false-positives we get.  In other words, there is a tradeoff between how many mass murders we prevent and how many people we lock up based on the possibility of future violence. Do we lock up 20,000 to prevent 1 spree killing?  50,000?I'm not saying let's throw up our hands and do nothing. I'm someone who could benefit financially from more public spending on mental health services, but I have serious doubts about the public actually agreeing to the cost (in all forms) of actually reducing the number of mass murders.Posted by:Dr X |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 03:22 PMOcam,re: "It is also very rare to die in an airline accident, but that doesn't stop the feds from publishing telephone books full of regulations and continually adding more requirements to the way airlines operate."This analogy doesn't work because the "telephone books full of regulations" is the environment in which the rarity of airline crashes occurs.  (BTW, do you know that risk of death in an airplane crash per mile traveled is about the same as driving?  I think that interesting fact was documented in Freakonomics.)Dr. XThank you for your post.  I was hoping you would weigh in with a mental health professional perspective and related quantitative thinking.   You broke down and summed up the problem perfectly.Posted by:Boris Gendelev |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 03:34 PMI would like to add one further point to Dr X's comment. Many reporters and commentators are bringing up the possibility that the killer, Adam Lanza, might have had an autism spectrum disorder, perhaps Asperger syndrome. Neither one of these conditions is a mental illness and should NOT be presented as the cause/trigger behind these terrible crimes.Posted by:Wendy |Saturday, December 15, 2012 at 03:41 PMVerify your CommentPreviewing your CommentPosted by:|This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted.Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been posted. Post another commentThe letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again.As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments.Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate.Post a commentIf you have a TypeKey or TypePad account, pleaseSign InYou are currently signed in as(nobody).Sign Out(URLs automatically linked.)Your Information(Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.)Name is required to post a commentPlease enter a valid email addressInvalid URLName:Email address:URL:Comment:About "Change of Subject.""Change of Subject"  by Chicago Tribune op-ed columnist Eric Zorn contains observations, reports, tips, referrals and tirades, though not necessarily in that order. Links will tend to expire, so seize the day.  For an archive of Zorn's latest Tribune columns click here.  An explanation of the title of this blog is  here.  If you have other questions, suggestions or comments, send e-mail to ericzorn at gmail.com.More about Eric ZornContributing editor Megan Crepeau is a 2010 graduate of Northwestern University and is the coordinator of the Tribune's editorial board. She can be reached at mcrepeau at tribune.com.Last 10 posts Connecticut school shootings, open thread Further proof that any statement beginning `I'm not a gynecologist, but...' will never end well Anita Alvarez' letter to CBS Weeks in review Unsolicited advice for Jabari Parker Destroy the 'debt ceiling' This is not the end of the world, gun-control advocates Known unknowns, 2013 Mondays with Johnny:  The hospital hoax The one in which I attempt to trademark 'Plessyphobia'  Most PopularCategories`The Office'American IdolBlago trialBooksChicken!CLEAN JOKESCOLUMNSCurrent AffairsFilmFine ExpressionsFINE LINESFine ShotsFood and DrinkFriday Night LightsGrey's AnatomyHow Long Does it Take?IDEA OVENLAND OF LINKIN'Megan CrepeauMonth in ReviewObamaPeterson casePredictionsPrickly Pair PodcastsReligionRhubarb PatchRules for commentingSomebody Nobody AskedSpit takesTelevisionThe KillingTrayvon Martin caseVideo CommentariesWebliographiesWeeks in ReviewYaGottaPast postsDecember 2012 postsSunMonTueWedThuFriSat12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Browse archivesChange of Subject SearchServicesSubscribeManage subscriptionSubscription paymentMobileE-editionNewsletters/alertsText alertsChicagoPOINTSNews in EducationConnectEditorial contactsCompany contactsSend news tipsComments/feedbackTribune eventsTwitterFacebookRSSHelpAdvertiseSpecial ad sectionsSite FAQsAccuracyAbout TribuneClassifiedBuy an adApartmentsCarsCommercialFSBO Homes For SaleJobsPublic recordsReal EstateShopCouponsFan ShopFood deliveryWine ClubTribune StorePhoto storeArchivesPhotosVideoEvents/listingsColumnsReaders ShareBlogsDatabasesTopic galleriesTerms of Service | Privacy | About Our Ads | Feedback | Chicago Tribune, 435 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60611A Tribune Newspaper website