Public agrees: Next step is gun control | The Great Debate Analysis & Opinion HomeOpinionThe Great DebateFollow The Great DebatePublic agrees: Next step is gun controlBy Celinda Lake and Joshua UlibarriDecember 15, 2012 Email  Print annumition clips | background check | brady gun laws | gun control | gun safety | mayors against illegal guns | newtown | Obama | school shooting | semiautomatic guns Quite frankly, thoughts and prayers can only go so far. They have limited ability to protect our families. The time has come for our elected leaders  including President Barack Obama  to stand up and fight for our families and children, and their safety.Obamas comments Friday after the shooting tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut, where 20 little children were killed along with six adults in the Sandy Hook Elementary School, were personal and touching. Yet the presidents only allusion to something like gun control were his words about taking meaningful action.But the American people support stronger gun safety measures more than he believes or cares to say. Polls now demonstrate this to be true.When our children are being shot at and killed in their schools, or movie theaters, we have to take meaningful action. These tragedies are too frequent, and are, as the president said, heartbreaking.We need to talk about gun laws. We need an open and honest debate about the tragedies happening in our communities, one after another. There are common-sense laws that can help prevent these tragedies, and Americans support them.The Fix Gun Checks Act, if passed, would make it tougher for the mentally ill to legally buy guns by strengthening background checks so people like James Holmes (the Aurora shooter) cant acquire guns. Ninety percent of Americans want to fix gaps in government databases that allow the mentally ill or drug users from buying guns. Even gun owners support the laws.Eighty-two percent of gun owners (National Rifle Association and non-NRA members) believe that a criminal background check should be required for anyone purchasing a gun, according to data released by Republican pollster Frank Luntz for Mayors Against Illegal Guns earlier this year, 76 percent of gun owners support prohibiting people on the terrorist watch list from buying guns, 80 percent support mandatory gun safety training for anyone applying for a concealed permit, and 78 percent of gun owners believe that concealed permits should only be granted to applicants who have not committed violent misdemeanors.The NRA, which fights against all this, is out of touch  even with its own membership. Its power to dictate this debate has to be challenged.The data on assault weapons is just as telling. The man identified Friday as the gunman, Adam Lanza was armed with semiautomatic pistols and a semiautomatic rifle and the killers in Aurora and Portland both used an AR-15 semi-automatic assault rifle. Sixty-three percent of Americans said they favor a nationwide ban on assault weapons, according to a 2011 CBS/New York Times poll, and 63 percent favored banning high-capacity magazines that hold many rounds of ammunition.We found, in a 2011 survey we conducted for the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence, that 57 percent of Americans support a law that would limit the size of ammunition clips so that the gun could not fire more than 10 bullets without having to be reloaded. Only a third, or 34 percent, of Americans opposed that law.The Brady Bill, which expired under President George W. Bush, and that Obama said he supported, regulated these kinds of assault weapons (AR-15). Those guns are now unregulated and the result is tragedy after tragedy that wont end until elected leaders step up.Support for sounder, safer gun laws is not restricted to blue states or big urban cities. In a study conducted by Lake Research Partners earlier this year in swing state-senate districts in Virginia, we found that two-thirds of voters (65 percent) in a rural western Virginia district believe the gun laws should be made stronger  including 52 percent who strongly believe so. Just 24 percent say they should be less restrictive.Ninety-two percent of voters in a state senate district centered in Roanoke, Virginia, strongly endorsed requiring background checks for people purchasing guns and permits for people who want to carry a concealed loaded weapon.The NRA and those who oppose gun safety measures should welcome a gun-control debate  especially if they think they have the winning hand.The consistent lack of leadership on this issue is stunning. But what is most unnerving is that it does not have to be this way  the American people support common sense gun laws.Others have said, even on Friday, that now is not the time to discuss more gun laws. They said this same thing after Aurora, after Portland, and now after Newtown. They are trying to silence the millions of Americans who want stronger protections from gun violence in their communities.These silencers, led by the NRA, continue to use the 2011 Gallup poll, which we have already explained is problematic, to shut down the debate about new gun laws that will make us safer. That poll said that 43 percent of Americans support stricter gun laws, a 6 percentage point drop from 2008.But as the numbers we have cited here show, this single Gallup question is too shallow to really tell the story of what Americans think about gun safety measures.Now is the time to have a discussion about gun laws that will make our communities and families safer. The American people are ready.Obama showed great courage earlier this year when he stood up for the right of gay and lesbian couples to marry. His courage and leadership is needed here too. These tragedies will happen again and again until our leaders stand up and pass meaningful gun-safety laws that the American public supports.PHOTO (Top): Young children wait outside Sandy Hook Elementary School after a shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, December 14, 2012. REUTERS/Michelle McLoughlinPHOTO (INSERT): A Glock 22 pistol is seen laying on a Palmetto M4 assault rifle at the Rocky Mountain Guns and Ammo store in Parker, Colorado July 24, 2012. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton Previous PostComments3 comments so far |  Comments RSSDec 15, 20126:51 pm UTCThe US is the most backward of nations when it comes to the obsession to own guns on the part of a minority and the unwillingness of  the government to regulate access to these weapons.  The Second Amendment does not guarantee the right to bear arms as is so often recited, rather it is clear that the Second amendment was written to prevent state governments from blocking ownership of guns for the purpose of forming militias.  The Second Amendment was written when there was no US Army, or Navy.  The Second Amendment was written in lieu of the creation a national defense force and we now have a powerful army, navy and air force.  It is time for the US government to establish uniform and reasonable control of gun ownership on a nationwide basis.  We cannot allow the gun lobby and the NRA continue to distort the Constitution for their own purposes.  We cannot allow madmen continued access to weapons. This is no longer a question of liberal versus conservative.  We must unify and prevent further slaughter of the innocent.Posted by jefflz | Report as abusiveDec 15, 20127:56 pm UTCThe gun nuts of this country will not stop until every citizen is armed to the teeth. I dont want to live here anymore. Our educational system is backwards, the average IQ is equal to a houseplant, and trying to use logic with these idiots is not possible. Yes, guns kill. NO ONE should be allowed to own assault rifles, that is strictly a military or police weapon. The culture has to change to where it is uncool to own them. Maybe this is a good starting point.Posted by flfreethink | Report as abusiveDec 15, 20128:00 pm UTCNo, the public doesnt agree.Posted by Rourk77 | Report as abusivePost Your CommentWe welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of Reuters. For more information on our comment policy, see http://blogs.reuters.com/fulldisclosure/2010/09/27/toward-a-more-thoughtful-conversation-on-stories/ANY OPINIONS EXPRESSED HERE ARE THE AUTHORS OWN.Author ProfileCelinda Lake is president of Lake Research. Joshua Ulibarri is a partner at the same firm.  Tag Cloud#debatethis2012AfghanistanbanksBarack ObamaBen BernankeBernd DebusmannbudgetChinaclimate changeCongressCredit crisisdebtDiana Furchtgott-RotheconomyeducationegyptelectionsenvironmentEric Auchardeuro zonefacebookFederal Reservefinancial crisisG20goldman sachshealthcarehealth careIndiaIranIsraelJames SaftJohn KempMitt RomneyObamaoilpoliticsrecessionRepublicansromneyRussiataxesThe Great Debateunemploymentunited statesMore Reuters NewsPolice find "good evidence" on motive for Connecticut school massacreEgyptians vote on divisive constitutionNigerian governor, ex-security head die in air crashClinton sustains concussion; Benghazi testimony postponedNine dead as Taliban attack airport in North West Pakistan 