Reuters.com PrintThis copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.UPDATE 2-Connecticut survivors to attend school in neighboring townSun, Dec 16 2012NEWTOWN, Conn., Dec 16 (Reuters) - The children who survivedFriday's shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School will not haveto return to the scene of the massacre and will attend classesin a neighboring Connecticut town when school reopens, officialssaid on Sunday.It remains unclear when Sandy Hook's 436 surviving students will return to class, but when they do, it will be in an unusedschool about 7 miles (11 km) to the south in Monroe, NewtownSchool Superintendent Janet Robinson said."The Town of Monroe has graciously offered their Chalk HillSchool," Robinson said in a statement. "This facility, which iscurrently not being used, is in excellent condition and willaccommodate all of the Sandy Hook School students and staff."It is located just across the border from Newtown andshould be ready for occupancy in just a few days."On Sunday, just two days after 26 people were gunned down atthe school, Newtown residents debated whether the school couldever be used again."At this time it's too early to say. But I would find itvery difficult for them to do that. Certainly, that's one of thethings they're going to have to look into," said LieutenantGeorge Sinko of the Newtown police."I have a kindergartner. I don't know how I would send mykids back there," said Carina Bandhaver, 43, a professor atWestern Connecticut State University who attended Mass in SandyHook.All seven of Newtown's public schools, which serve more than5,100 students, as well as private schools in the district, willbe closed on Monday, school officials said.Sandy Hook, the town's largest elementary school, serving 5-to 10-year-olds in kindergarten through fourth grade, remains anactive crime scene.Resident Tim Northrop said he hopes the school reopenssomeday."They'll have to think about how they reconfigure some ofthe space and change the environment a little bit, but I thinkif we abandon that school, then the lunatics win," saidNorthrop, whose two children went to the school."I think we have to go back into that building at somepoint. That's how you heal. It doesn't have to be immediatelybut I sure wouldn't want to give up on it."Twenty Sandy Hook first-graders were killed on Friday when20-year-old Adam Lanza armed with an assault weapon and two handguns shot his way into the school and opened fire.Six adults, including the school principal, were also killedat the school. Lanza killed his mother and himself for a deathtoll of 28 people.Instead of school on Monday, town officials said childrenwould be able to attend a day of recreational activities hostedby local sports organizations at the Newtown Youth Academy, aprivate athletic facility in town.All schools in the town other than Sandy Hook ElementarySchool will reopen on Tuesday. Thomson Reuters 2011. All rights reserved. Users may download and print extracts of content from this website for their own personal and non-commercial use only. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters and its logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Thomson Reuters group of companies around the world.Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.