After school shooting, quiet Newtown wonders, 'How can we be protected from people like this?' - U.S. NewsMSNHotmailMoreAutosMy MSNVideoCareers & JobsPersonalsWeatherDelishQuotesWhite PagesGamesReal EstateWonderwallHoroscopesShoppingYellow PagesLocal EditionTrafficFeedbackMaps & DirectionsTravelFull MSN IndexBing NBCNews.comsites & shows:TODAYNightly NewsRock CenterMeet the PressDatelinemsnbcBreaking NewsEveryBlockNewsvineHomeUSWorldPoliticsBusinessSportsEntertainmentHealthTech & scienceTravelLocalWeatherAdvertise | AdChoices Recommended: 'Light amidst the darkness': Heroic teacher Victoria Soto rememberedRecommended: School abuse victim wins record $23 million in damagesRecommended: Cops: Fla. after-school basketball coach tried to get teen into porn videosRecommended: Craigslist case: Calif. couple shot while trying to sell iPhoneNBC News reporters bring you compelling stories from across the nation. For more U.S. news, follow us on Twitter and Facebook.  About this blog Archives E-mail updates Follow on Twitter Subscribe to RSS1104commentsPrint5daysagoAfter school shooting, quiet Newtown wonders, 'How can we be protected from people like this?'John Makely / NBC NewsResidents of Newtown, Conn., embrace outside St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church prior to a vigil for victims of Friday's massacre at the Sandy Hook Elementary School -- the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history.By Miranda Leitsinger and John W. Schoen, NBC NewsNEWTOWN, Conn.  Unexpected and unwelcome, gun violence tore through this hilly, wooded New England town on Friday, claiming more than two dozen lives  many of them just beginning and shaking what one resident called a small lovely village to its core.Follow @NBCNewsUSHow can we be protected from people like this? Jack DeFumeri wondered out loud, saying he moved to Newtown founded in 1711 years ago from much-larger Danbury because he wanted to raise his three daughters in a safe environment.I dont know anymore, he said before entering a vigil Friday night at St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church, as the church's bell's tolled from above. You take precautions, but how can you see this coming? I cant imagine what the parents are going through, especially this time of year.Advertise | AdChoices Friends and family from nearby towns flocked to Newtown to share the towns grief and offer support after a gunman rampaged through the Sandy Hook Elementary School, killing 20 children and six adults.The gunman, identified as Adam Lanza, 20, was found dead at the scene, law enforcement officials said. The body of a woman believed to be Lanza's mother was found at their home in Newtown, authorities said.Elementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughterThis small city of 28,000, with its tidy clapboard homes and steeple-topped churches, feels farther from New York City than the 90 minutes it takes to reach the metropolis. Residents from surrounding villages expressed similar disbelief that this most modern of crimes had intruded on their quiet corner of the world.Its a picture-book, storybook town, said Joan Demato of nearby Brookfield, who was part of the overflow crowd that attended the St. Rose vigil, running the gantlet of news trucks bathing the church entrance with floodlights.I dont know if there are any safe places left in this world.After the vigil, Monsignor Robert Weiss told reporters gathered outside that six or seven kids who had attended the church were among the 20 children who died at Sandy Hook Elementary School.I think the families are very broken, he said. Im sure that theyre still wondering and questioning. I think some of them are still hoping that this really didnt happen. The rough days are just ahead of them. The shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School that killed more than two dozen, 20 of them children, left the quiet community of Newtown, Conn., desperately trying to understand what happened. NBC's Kate Snow reports.Just a short drive away, parishioners at Trinity Episcopal Church shed tears and wrapped their arms around one another during a solemn prayer service. The quiet crying grew louder when the Rev. Kathleen Adams-Shepherd announced that two children, members of the congregation, were among those killed.Adams-Shepherd had spent much of the day at the fire station with the families of some of the presumed victims though formal identification hadn't yet been made."You've got to keep them in your prayers," she said, later adding,"I don't think we'll ever be the same."Advertise | AdChoices See more video on the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary on NBCNews.com"There are no words, the Rt. Rev. James Curry said in the prayer service. There is nothing that we can say but instead we cry out. We cry out in shared grief and pain for the loss of so many children, so many adults .... We do not understand, and we cannot imagine why someone would murder. We cannot comprehend."Among those attending the service were the Elken family."We just really felt the need to come in and say a prayer for all of the families," said Heather Elken, 47, an elementary school nurse, who attended with her husband, Karl, 48, and daughter Liia, 17."We moved here 10 years ago, she said. We researched where to go for months and picked Newtown over anywhere else in Connecticut, and this is where we've raised our kids from seven years old through high school. We've lived here for the most important 10 years of our lives. We just don't understand."John Makely / NBC NewsHeather and Karl Elken and their daughter Liia, 17, talk about life in Newtown, Conn., scene of Friday's mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School, as they leave a prayer service at Trinity Episcopal Church. She said she and her husband learned about the shooting when Liia texted her from her high school at 9:46 a.m.: "Lockdown. Not a drill." "It was the longest day, just the longest day," Heather Elken said.Earlier, Peter Hugens, 78, had a hard time finding words to describe how the unspeakable tragedy that unfolded hours earlier at the nearby school would change the town that he has called home for 11 years, since moving from Brooklyn, N.Y.We moved up here  like many people to get away from the so-called horrors of the city," he said, standing on his front lawn and looking out over the undulating Connecticut countryside.He said his new hometown, just a couple miles from the Housatonic River, has gotten bigger over the years. But people work very hard to keep a place like this a small lovely village, he said. ... They move here with a sense of optimism and hope. And they have every right to feel that way.Outside a Dunkin Donuts store at a local shopping center, Kenneth Knapp said he was only beginning to process the horrific crime.It's going to take a long time to soak in, that's for sure, he said. Last night I'm looking in the sky for meteors, tonight I'm watching helicopters flying around.The heartbreaking mass murder at Sandy Hook Elementary School was met with disbelief and tears as people across the country reacted to the tragic news. NBC's Kevin Tibbles reports.Advertise | AdChoices Knapp, an inspector in a machine shop, said Newtown wasnt paradise, citing a criminal case still widely known locally as the wood-chipper murder.In that grisly case from the late 1980s, local resident Richard B. Crafts, a 50-year-old airline pilot, was convicted of murdering his 39-year-old Danish wife, Helle, then dismembering her body and disposing of it in the dead of night with a wood-chipper.You'll see a lot of things this town has probably gone through, a lot of things, but nothing to this magnitude, he said.His friend, Tom Adams, 66, who has lived in Newtown since he was 8, said that his 5-year-old granddaughter was in a classroom adjacent to the ones where Adam Lanza, a troubled 20-year-old, allegedly carried out the massacre, but she escaped unharmed and, so far, untroubled by the horrific crime.She doesn't know anything, he said. There was some noise. They took her out of school. That's all. He said that he was on his way to see her. I just want a hug, that's all I want, he said.John Makely / NBC NewsTheresa Swift and her son, William, outside St. Rose of Lima church in Newtown, Conn.But older, more aware youngsters, even some who were far from the shooting, werent immune to the trauma.Theresa Swift, 47, and her 10-year-old son, William, who attends another Newtown school, were already contemplating what would happen when the alarm sounded on Monday morning.Asked outside the St. Rose vigil if he would feel OK about going to school again next week, the clearly shaken boy replied, Im afraid theyre going to come for me.His mom quickly reacted, reaching to touch William with a steadying hand.I dont know, she said of the school question. Well cross that bridge when we get there.NBC's Alex Moe contributed to this report.Slideshow: Connecticut school massacreMichelle Mcloughlin / ReutersThe second deadliest school shooting in U.S. history sent crying children spilling into the school parking lot as frightened parents waited for word on their loved ones.Launch slideshowRelated content from NBCNews.com:Elementary school massacre: 28 killed, including 20 kidsVigils, services honor school shooting victimsVideo: 'Our hearts are broken,' Obama saysGunman's mother owned weapons used in massacre'Screams were coming over the intercom'Video: School shooting reignites gun control debateMassacre leaves America shocked and grieving ... againConnecticut school shooting is second worst in US historyAuthorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacreAdvertise | AdChoices Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and FacebookExplore related topics: connecticut, featured, newtown, school-massacre, connecticut-school-shootingolder5daysagoCalif. man charged for having 145 pounds of explosivesnewer4daysagoElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter Discuss this postJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  15silverton-2953905 Comment collapsed by the communityLooks like we now need to put armed guards in every public school in America. I've always wondered why it is in my State that you have to get fingerprinted and have a background check, then wait 2-4 weeks in order to get a substitute teacher's certificate, but if you want to buy an assault weapon, you can go out, buy it, and take it home today.16 votes#1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:00 AM ESTJ. ClarkeIn Connecticut you can't buy an "assault weapon" under any circumstance.  You can't buy a handgun unless you have been fingerprinted and had a background check.  That worked really well, didn't it?27 votes#1.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:30 AM ESTpeteMTNo, we don't, because statistically the odds are incredibly small that this type of tragedy happens.It's extremely rare.Children are many, many more times likely to die by other means - and they do - in greater numbers.What do you propose to do about that? Post armed guards in the home cleaning aisle? (Poisoning, you know.)If you don't like the way things work in your state, you have the right and ability to vote and attempt to change things.Also, please enlighten us with actual statistics that indicate that law-abiding citizens who purchase 'assault weapons' (which were not used in this attic, but what the hey, right?) legally commit such atrocities.We'll wait right here for your findings.17 votes#1.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:20 AM ESTIRESPOND-2315268 Comment collapsed by the communityPeople refuse to see that a big part of the problem is the love affair that this country has with weapons. As long as Hollywood keeps on "glorifying" weapons, and politicians campaign in "hunting" clothes, and the NRA barks that "You have the right to protect yourself WITH SEVERAL SEMIAUTOMATIC WEAPONS"  N O T H I N G WILL CHANGE.24 votes#1.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:53 AM ESTIRESPOND-2315268I guess anybody that has watched any of the Quntin Tarantino movies in the big screen has noticed how much violence this man can put on film, and he loves it.I still have nightmares about his movie Pulp Fiction that i watched many years ago, and I am an older adult. I wake up sometimes when images of that horrible movie still haunt me. Think what that is doing to children that can be easily impressed.14 votes#1.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:02 AM ESTFlatIron72-7314662As expected, the "Don't let a good crisis go to waste." anti-2nd Amendment moonbats are already using this tragedy for their own agenda.23 votes#1.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:57 AM ESTAvailbetweenNCWe will never be truly safe until we take care of our own. ALL of them. There is no understanding after these things happen, only rage and pain. What made this person do this? That's where we need to guard ourselves. Anyone that thinks armed guards at schools will protect us is friggin nuts. The more our children see real guns in public, the mo0re they will think about using one. Period. The violence we've seen these last few years is about gun ownership skyrocketing, and you'd better believe that statement peeves some folks. Who needs guns? No one. Not one person needs one. Who needs food? Healthcare? Who needs a mom? A dad? Who needs an education? A calling? A job that doesn't suck? A life that doesn't suck? Those are the questions we should be asking, not how can we better arm people close to our children. Let's not make it a challenge. Then the mentally ill will come out of the woodwork.7 votes#1.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:04 AM ESTTN Mom & TeacherTalking "Responsible Gun Control Laws" is not "anti-2nd Amendment moonbats are already using this tragedy for their own agenda." If anything the questionable gun supporter, Jon Lott, on Piers Morgan claiming more guns was the answer did far more harm to his uneducated and seriously flawed argument than anything else.We need compassion and educated intellectual conversations in a situation like this - not sarcasm!13 votes#1.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:18 AM ESTjournal journalNo, we don't, because statistically the odds are incredibly small that this type of tragedy happens.Agreed.  Having a close knit community is the biggest protection... but you can't protect yourself from evil people because people choose to be evil long before they make headlines.Most people say, "omg I'm wanna kill this guy." when they're upset, but don't actually mean it.  But if someone's upset enough, and they think about it enough, they'll start visualizing how it will feel to actually DO it.  And once the visualization starts, it's just a matter of time before they act on their fantasy.Killers are killers long before they pull the trigger.  These kids were in the wrong place at the wrong time.  You just can't live your life in fear because of incidents like this.4 votes#1.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:23 AM ESTFlatIron72-7314662Talking "Responsible Gun Control Laws" is not "anti-2nd Amendment moonbats are already using this tragedy for their own agenda."We need compassion and educated intellectual conversations in a situation like this - not sarcasm!Tell that to the nitwits typing things like, "Who needs guns? No one. Not one person needs one."Your hypocrisy becomes evident when you call for an "intellectual conversation" while making no criticism of the radical anti-gun comments.4 votes#1.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:26 AM ESTGammbittI had a hard time with the topic heading, with the way they worded it there would be 48 dead people.#1.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:06 AM ESTrich from cherry hill, NJThe problem with each of these tragedies is that the perps are allsociopaths waiting to explode. They use any weapon available tothem, whether it be a gun, a knife or a bomb. We MUST find away to identify these people and keep them from society lestthis will happen again and again. God help us all.10 votes#1.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:25 AM ESTfreedomfrysThe sale of assault rifles and auto-loader handguns should be banned.   Only bolt-action rifles and revolvers should be legal.  Such  restrictions won't stop these kind of attacks, but will limit the number  of people killed.8 votes#1.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:35 AM ESTVin1112DeletedVin1112DeletedGHXHealth insurance plans cover little or no mental health and most public offerings have been shuttered due to budget cuts.In China this week a similarly deranged lunatic knifed 22 children although fortunately none died, but the solution is to identify at risk people and get them on medication.10 votes#1.15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:07 AM ESTJerry-1927474This kind of evil cannot be stopped, put a armed guard at every school, store, station, whatever, and it still will make no difference. A person intent on murder will walk up to this guard and stab him in the back while smiling. We stopped treating mental illness unless the person had money to pay, even with insurance it did not cover the cost. Even now it is after a mentally ill person hurts someone or them selves are they given any help. Actually I do not believe in a mental illness, I believe in a medical brain injury or disease. I believe in human beings becoming so insensitive to death and pain that they do not care anymore. Children playing with games that glorify the murdering of innocent people or games that spew so much gore it even makes a grown person cringe, but we allow our children spend hours upon hours playing them.No one in China or alot of other countries are allowed to own firearms but read on. An attacker with a meat cleaver hacked seven infants and two adults to death in north-west China today despite police efforts to stem a wave of school killings that has terrified parents across the country.A further 11 children were injured in the attack at a nursery in Hanzhong city, Shaanxi province, which took place at 8am, soon after the start of school. A resident said most of the children were aged between two and four. The alleged attacker Wu Huanmin, 38, killed himself, according to the Xinhua news agency.Guns do not kill. People do. And the fault lies with the evil in the human race. You may not believe in God or the Christian Bible but it does give the best explanation as to why this happens, from the sin of Adam and Eve, to the sin of their son Cain who murdered his own Brother.8 votes#1.16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:09 AM ESTkaybeetoysHow can we be protected from people like this?Perhaps if Nancy Lanza had not kept guns in her house where her disturbed son had access to them, this unspeakable tragedy would not have occurred. Adam would not have been able to destroy so many lives, including his own.People need to be aware that guns in their home have the potential to be stolen by violent criminals, handled by children, used in domestic disputes, used to commit suicide, and used as Lanza's guns were used.Think about it. Is that gun you keep in your bedside drawer going to be the one used in the next horrific incident?9 votes#1.17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:12 AM ESTjournal journalkaybeetoys: That's a nice thought, but by the time the guy was 20 I'm sure he knew where he needed to go and what he needed to do to get guns. 6 votes#1.18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:22 AM ESTnobody2012If he didnt have a gun he would of used an ax or another weapon.You can not rationalize insanity nomatter how much you want to try.All schools need "school resource officers" cops or sheriffs permanantly stationed in schools just like they already are in inner cities.3 votes#1.19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:29 AM ESTkaybeetoysIf he had used an axe, how likely is it that he'd have managed to murder 20 children and several adults before somebody stopped him?Are we just supposed to accept the status quo?That's as insane as this guy was.12 votes#1.20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:36 AM ESTED-2874315Repeal the 2nd ammendment. It has been perverted from the Founders original intent. They could not even conceive of a firearm that could be fired more than 5 times a minute. It was not intended for recreational use or personal protection. A gun loving supreme court gave us the interpretation we have now.It is easier to kill with a gun, compared to all other methods.11 votes#1.21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:56 AM ESTXbonzIRESPOND-2315268People refuse to see that a big part of the problem is the love affair that this country has with weapons. As long as Hollywood keeps on "glorifying" weapons, and politicians campaign in "hunting" clothes, and the NRA barks that "You have the right to protect yourself WITH SEVERAL SEMIAUTOMATIC WEAPONS"N O T H I N G WILL CHANGE.What an absolute load of BS. The problem we face is that we have become of society of I, me, mine. I've got to have this, give it to me, what you have should be mine. How many cell phones. flat screen tv's ,overly large houses, fancy cars, etc etc do you have to buy or own? Why have things become more important than family? We have become a throw-away society and unfortunately this includes people. Nobody takes responsibility for their actions, it's always somebody or something else's fault. Don't believe that? You just blamed guns for this tragedy. The gun did not load itself, jump into a car, drive to a school and cause bloodshed. it was a sick individual. And until people like you get the first clue, accept responsibility and demand accountability nothing will change. When evil wants people dead there will always be ways to accomplish that fete. How many died in gas chambers in WWII? How many died when McVeigh bombed the Murrah Building in OKC? How many thousands are killed each year by homicide bombers? How many hand guns were used to perform those murders? Get off your high horse and quit preaching this garbage. Time for a reality check. Think you can handle that, or is your crusade too important?12 votes#1.22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:00 AM ESTJCFromDallasTwo things need to be done:#1: Outlaw all assault weapons and huge clips.  This is NOT an infringement of Second Amendment rights.  You can still own all the guns you want...not just these.  Just like yelling "Fire!" in movie theater is an accepted limit on the First Amendment, we need limits on the Second.  This is easy...just reinstate the ban we had a few years ago.  No brainer and everyone wins.  The NRA can go to hell.  This blood is on their hands and on the hands of every politician who has taken their filthy money and voted their way.#2:  Root cause - THERE ARE TOO MANY CRAZIES ON THE STREETS!!!  Why?  ALL of our politicians have defunded virtually all mental health facilities.  Those that were treated as inpatients before are now wandering the streets with no medication supervision.  Don't believe me?  Talk to my wife...a psychiatric nurse in state mental hospitals for 30 years.  The system has degenerated with the release of all these people and no support system to care for them or even check on them.  Law enforcement people are nuts about this...having to fill their holding cells with people who belong in a mental health facility.  Facts, facts, facts.  Look it all up for yourself.Seriously...  As more of these former patients get dumped onto the streets, you will see this occur more and more frequently.  You can take that to the bank.Solution: Fund mental health.  Get the worst of these people off the streets...permanently...and have the rest under close medication supervision.  But of course this takes money...and no one wants to spend it.  So...Choose:A. Spend the dollars on a secure, humane mental health care system...orB. Start building more small caskets because this will only get worse...11 votes#1.23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:02 AM ESTXbonz@kaybeetoysHow can we be protected from people like this?Perhaps if Nancy Lanza had not kept guns in her house where her disturbed son had access to them, this unspeakable tragedy would not have occurred. Adam would not have been able to destroy so many lives, including his own.People need to be aware that guns in their home have the potential to be stolen by violent criminals, handled by children, used in domestic disputes, used to commit suicide, and used as Lanza's guns were used.Think about it. Is that gun you keep in your bedside drawer going to be the one used in the next horrific incident?If his mother and father had paid more attention to their son, perhaps they would have caught this little problem before it found its way into the news. It's called responsibility.Think about this: is that gun you keep in your drawer beside your bed going to be the one used to protect yourself and or your family from a horrific incident? There are over 2 MILLION cases of armed citizens using their firearms to stop crimes. How many cases like this are there?6 votes#1.24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:07 AM ESTItsAboutTime-3704531JCFromDallasAgree with 99% of your comment#1:  If you are caught with these weapons, its a federal FELONY.  Mandatory 10 year prison sentence, no appeal, no parole, no dice.#2: Agree with you there as well.  Only trouble here is, the same people who are the NRA spokesmodels, have the republicans on their payroll.  The Republicans want to have things like this, but they will not pay for them.  It should be left up to the private sector.Thanks for the good post.3 votes#1.25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:07 AM ESTjustwonderinThe same people who blame actions like this on guns,are the very same people who enable the problem by not pushing for stronger mental health record sharing between healthcare,and law enforcement...by not asking for a quicker death penalty for murderers where there is no question as to thier guilt...like Hasan,who killed 13 at Ft. Hood...like Mcvey,who blew up the building in Oklahoma...like Sirhan sirhan who shot RFK,...Manson,etc...There needs to be a deterrent...WHY are they still alive??....WHY do criminals have more rights than thier victims???........any amount of laws wouldn't have stopped this....:..the shooter stole weapons,..felony #1....he now possessed handguns under age 21..felony #2....he killed his mother,.felony #3 ,..he brought guns onto school property,..felony #4.....he then killed people,..felony # 5 thru 33.....So does any rational person think he would obey any more laws???......In other words the whole thing started with a theft,...something already regulated.......as to gun laws......If someone has medically recognized mental health issues,it goes into a medical file....if someone wants to buy a gun,and goes through the paperwork,a background check is done,and mental,and criminal records are checked...and in my state we have a 5 day waiting period....BUT these mental health checks are only as good as the healthcare reporting is........I have a CWP,and in order to get it I had to undergo an extensive background check,both mental,and criminal....,and they went back 20 years+.....then go through an 8 hour class at the Sheriff's  Dpt......Then do it all over again every 4 years.....I doubt any potential criminal would do that.........U.S.Army Disabled Veteran.12 votes#1.26 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:07 AM ESTjust me-796948Considering over 20 children were attacked by a knife wielding assailant in China yesterday I'd say his odds would still be pretty good. This guy went after little kids that were not able to defend themselves. The weapons used were legally bought. This psycho broke more than one law yesterday. What more laws do we want? Multiple layers of defense at the school would have prevented this. As a society we can pay for such installations at all schools across the country but at what cost? Once all the schools are impenetrable do we then protect school buses, field trip locations and so on as the perps move onto more attainable target locations? The police responded quickly, here, at the mall shooting, and elsewhere. Training for such situations will help minimize the tragedy but that doesn't matter when it is your tragedy, your loved ones that are gone. I'm so sorry for their losses yesterday.5 votes#1.27 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:08 AM ESTjournal journalKaybee: I know this is upsetting and I know we do have to do something to protect more people from the DAILY gun crime that occurs...But we just can't prevent tragedies like these.  The gov'ts trying and trampling a lot more than our 2nd amendment rights.  Never in the history of the US has there been so many "safeguards" and "checkpoints" at school and other areas (even amusment parks) but the mass shootings are actually increasing.There are things we can do to increase our personal awareness of troubled teens that may turn into troubled adults... that's why I say a close knit community is the best protection, but there will always be those who slip through the cracks or refuse the help offered. There will always be those people who despite their great intelligence and relatively "good life" who want to take sweet, wicked revenge on all the people who's fault it is that they feel so bad and all this bad stuff happens to them.We cannot prevent the bullets from these people any more than we can prevent their selfish, hateful and unreasonable attitudes.If you want to do something, call all your relatives and tell them how much you love them and follow up by creating the good community that may well prevent a future tragedy.  We have to refuse to live in fear.  3 votes#1.28 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:09 AM ESTXbonz@JCFromDallasTwo things need to be done:#1: Outlaw all assault weapons and huge clips. This is NOT an infringement of Second Amendment rights. You can still own all the guns you want...not just these. Just like yelling "Fire!" in movie theater is an accepted limit on the First Amendment, we need limits on the Second. This is easy...just reinstate the ban we had a few years ago. No brainer and everyone wins. The NRA can go to hell. This blood is on their hands and on the hands of every politician who has taken their filthy money and voted their way.Really? And what exactly would that have done in this situation. The killings were accomplished with handguns. And they're called magazines not clips.Y'all really need to get a clue.8 votes#1.29 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:10 AM ESTItsAboutTime-3704531XbonzSo do you really think we need to have assault weapons on the streets of america?   Apparently, you really need to get a clue6 votes#1.30 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:18 AM ESTED-2874315Just me,None of those kids in China died.Guns make it easy to kill, it is much harder with a knife.6 votes#1.31 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:18 AM ESTLusitaniaSomething has to be done, we just can't allow this type of tragedy to keep occurring. Why would a kindergarten teacher own a assault rifle even tho she's allowed is a little creepy for me.Everything fell into place to make this the most demonizing crime in our history,"killing children". Copycat because he was mentally unstable, guns in the house he had axis to, built up rage for that particular school which we do not know fully why, and he wanted to end his life but not before.Maybe Dad can shed some light or is he the violent one that created this..#1.32 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:19 AM ESTKevin in TexasThe time has come to treat schools like airports. The only people that can enter are students, employees and parents of students. Armed guards will man the only way in that will have metal detectors. Every student, employee and parent will need proper photo ID supplied by the school or ISD to gain entrance.......PERIOD!!!!I know this will be expensive but these tragic events MUST STOP!4 votes#1.33 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:22 AM ESTXbonz@ItsAboutTime-3704531XbonzSo do you really think we need to have assault weapons on the streets of america? Apparently, you really need to get a clueFirst of all, there are no "assault weapons" on the streets of America, other than those fully automatic weapons in the hands of law enforcement. When was the last time you saw somebody ambling down the street with any kind of semi automatic long gun or shotgun? Go ahead, think back, I'll wait. Do you not believe this horrific tragedy could have been caused with a six shot revolver? Really? You need to get out more. Not one of my hand guns or long guns has ever shot anything other than paper or metal targets. I would assume this can be said of the millions upon millions of firearms that exist in this country today. Try a new crusade, this one is old and worn out.7 votes#1.34 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:28 AM ESTindyjockoPeople kill people.  It is the sad truth.  The Word of God is slowly being taken away from our society.  If this person really held the principles of the the Word of God this would not have happened.  People make choices every day. every minute, every second.  What truly is is their heart dictates their actions.  Without God's true principles in your heart evil is allowed in.  Pure evil.  We must bring/keep God's valves in our life, in our family, in our work place and in society. Please pray for  the families that our suffering through this tradgedy  God Bless.3 votes#1.35 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:33 AM ESTjustwonderinWhat really worries me is what kind of 'Jim Jones' type of loonies will come out of the woodwork on Dec. 21st.????....It wouldn't surpise me if a whole fleet of self-proclaimed'reverends' and other unbalanced people commit major carnage based on some misread myan myth..all hyped up non-stop,by the media trying to create a story.......I hope I'm wrong,but apparently,"stupid" isn't regulated.........U.S.Army Disabled Veteran.2 votes#1.36 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:33 AM ESTED-2874315Xbonz,I seriously don't believe this slaughter, or any of the previous ones, could have been achieved with muzzle loaders, the only type of firearms the Founders could conceive of when the 2nd ammendment was written. It was to ensure that citizens had muskets redily available for a quick responce, should the British come back to try and  retake America.4 votes#1.37 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:37 AM ESTTaziarThis horrible act was committed with handguns, NOT assault weapons. But as far as the intention of the 2nd amendment, the writers most certainly would want their citizens to have assault weapons.  The only reason we are a country is we fought off the British with a citizen militia.  That is the reason for the amendment, not simply home protection.5 votes#1.38 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:37 AM ESTIRESPOND-2315268All of those that WORSHIP Reagan and the NRA should know that REGAN CLOSED MENTAL FACILITIES. iNSTEAD, THE NRA KEEPS LINING THE POCKETS OF PEOPLE LIKE Jhon McCain and Linsdey GrahamMENTAL ILLNESS + guns + CLOSING INSTITUTIONS FOR THE MENTALLY ILL= more disasters like thisMassive cuts from the GOP to institutions for the mentally ill: That is, again, what the GOP is about: screwing us6 votes#1.39 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:40 AM ESTiqiq Comment collapsed by the community99.999% of mass murders in this country are committed by white people.  I almost got fooled when they claimed they have high IQs and it turneout they are lower than animals. In fact animals in the jungles are better because they kill for for a reason. genetically inferior people who claimed high IQs are worse than animals and no matter how many gun laws are passed, their genetic disfunctions are inbred and the killing will go on with no obvious solutions.2 votes#1.40 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:48 AM ESTstoney-3054460Clearly we need to tackle mental health issues in a better way,, but while I do not beleive we need to ban guns in this country - there is room to uniformly and better regulate the "militia".... we have to tackle both sides of the equation to include better security with lessons learn..I frankly do not beleive folks outside of law enforcement and military need "military style weapons of high capacity ammuntion loads" and very rapid fire rates... such weapons are not needed for personal protection nor hunting nor target shooting.We should I beleive have tighter and stricter and uniform regulation to acquire and "keep" guns -- the license should be renewed and reaccessed like have a driver's license and car registeration.  The owning and keeping of guns needs have heavy recurring taxes/fees to help with regulation, monitoring, and help pay for "securing places" like schools..  Not stopping gun ownership and use, but "regulating the militia"..Part of acquiring, keeping guns should be mandatory classes on gun safety to include safe storage..part of keeping a gun should be recurring license and registration with signed statement on "safe storage and limiting access to use by registered the gun owners or with their direct oversight.part of regulating the "militia" should be "random spot checks" by law enforce for checking compliance with safe storage and current license.transfer or sell of guns should be like cars -- transfer of registration or title...so not stopping gun ownership, but much tighter rule on getting a gun and keeping a gun...If folks are found to not store guns safely they should lose the ability to keep guns. I argue that in this case - this 20 year getting access to his parents guns is demonstrating unsafe and irresposible keeping of guns, just like the numerous accidents that happen with kids getting into their parents "guns"We still will have no choice but raise enough revenue to increase security procedures that prevents or slows access to prevent folks that will do this getting into schools and other such places and even more law enforcement in rapid response.and again we have to do more in finding and helping doing some about the "troubled"none of this is cheap...and please not gun side BS -- I own a gun and have no problem with much tighter rules on rules/monitoring and even taxes/fees to pay for for a more robust gun ownership monitoring and for more security measures to protect kids in schools... also the arguement about arming everyone is also totally unproven BS.. I think this would more likely cause more problems as I beleive many gun owners are irresponsible in their habits of keeping their guns safe ( not all, but many )So I'm not against responsibie gun owns, but I beleive e need much tighter rules here to include montiroing and heavy penalties for unsafe storage and inappropriate access....4 votes#1.41 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:49 AM ESTItsAboutTime-3704531XbonzYes, there are ASSAULT weapons on the streets of America and Automatic Weapons.  They are not just in the hands of law enforcement.  DO not sit back in that chair and type lies to the American people.Secondly, no one has ever said you personally do not handle your own guns like a responsible adult.  However, it appears we have several ADULTS who do not fit that same model.   If we have to introduce laws that are going to STOP those irresponsible adults, then I am 100% for it.   If it saves one child's life, the effort is worth it.I suggest you try a new tactic. Americans are FED UP with the gun advocates taking absolutely NOT iota of responsibility here.    I favor our second amendment, always have/always will, but if we have to REGULATE protection, guess what, we are going to do it.We shouldn't have to HIRE MORE security/law enforcement to protect our own CHILDREN.  All that says is "BUY more GUNs to FIGHT more guns'4 votes#1.42 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:49 AM ESTclwyd-2621393We can be protected by having gun laws that are enforced, make the NRA illegal and change the 2nd Amendment to remove guns from people healthy or unhealthy mentally.  I wonder if they were healthy when they got the guns or if the ownership somehow makes them nuts?  Nobody should own guns!3 votes#1.43 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:53 AM ESTclwyd-2621393Kevin,   Rather than making schools into an armed camp how about changing the 2nd Amendment and putting these people back into institutions where they belong.   It costs, but 130,000 death from mass murders like this is the past decade is an outrage so that people can keep their toys. Reagan and the republicans closed them due to cuts in funding back in the 80's.  Thanks again republicans!3 votes#1.44 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:59 AM ESTBlackbirdThere is no way to defend against this sort of thing. The mom hopefully had locked her guns away especially if she had a son with mental issues. Maybe he killed her to gain access? Madness will continue to happen. Look at the Norway killer and there was a mass school killer in England or Scotland who took many innocent lives. Sad beyond belief.1 vote#1.45 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:06 AM ESTNever Stop Asking Questions"How can we be protected from people like this?"Er...uh....don't vote for members of the Party of Divine Rape. That ought to do it. 4 votes#1.46 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:07 AM ESTjohn-737278It is not the guns. Access maybe, but it is not the guns. How can anyone expect that if we remove them from our society and then send people off to war that they wouldn't all come home in body bags?I have a couple of theories. One is that not all but many of our youth are not taught to communicate and problem solve. They keep their faces plastered on their computers or video games and when asked to stop get angry at the entire world. Their only way to handle problems is to lash out and lack the training to talk through problems. And in this case, in a very extreme and tragic way. I don't buy mental illness as an excuse, we all have mental issues if viewed clinically. And more often than not drugs prescribed for said mental illnesses list things like what happened here as possible side effects. We have all heard the commercials. " If you are taking this medication and have thoughts of suicide, stop taking and consult your physician" It all comes down to how we deal with problems, and communication is the key. (Personally I am surprised that a congressman hasn't lost it and shot up Congress)Another theory is that it is because of over population. Some kids don't see a future for themselves, and therefore don't see a point in continuing.My final theory is simply that the human genome has simply run its course.You can blame guns all you want, but I think this is only the beginning. These events are becoming more and more common. And it is only a matter of time until they start using bombs instead of guns so the body count is larger.1 vote#1.47 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:40 AM ESTEric-913730The US leads the world in school shootings and we have the most guns. Is that a simple coincidence? NO.Wake up and smell the coffee. I read, "let's arm the teachers". You really want shoot outs at school?We need to do something about increasing mental health funding and access to guns.5 votes#1.48 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:45 AM ESTclwyd-2621393John,      IT IS THE GUNS!   There are way too many out there and kinds of guns our Founding Fathers could never have imagined when they wrote the 2nd Amendment.  The 2nd Amendment needs to be amended and needs to be changed!2 votes#1.49 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:57 AM ESTED-2874315John73278,I learned to shoot at 10 yrs old, infantry trained at 18. There are a tool for the military. If the second ammendment was interpreted as intended, the national guard members would have firearms in their homes for the expressed use of defending the country when called upon, not for recreational use, not for home protection, not for gaining a sense of empowerment (missing due to some lack of endowment). The second ammendment has been hijacked by the gun manufacturers through the NRA and the Activist supreme Court, and guns kill 27,000 Americans every year (2011) because of that.It is easy enough to disarm someone with a hand gun with the right training and if you are close enough. I don't own a gun now, I don't need one, and my daughter is safe at home.2 votes#1.50 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:59 AM ESTjohn-737278clwyd-2621393So treating the symptom will somehow cure the cause? It is logic like that that we are 16 Trillion in debt. The problem is not the guns, it is learning how to deal with problems without the use of violence which society is not teaching our youth to do.And for those that believe that if we throw more money at the problem for mental health consider this. How we deal with mental health is to prescribe drugs. How many on this list don't have thoughts of suicide as part of possible side effects.http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/mental-health-medications/alphabetical-list-of-medications.shtml2 votes#1.51 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:04 AM ESTjohn-737278ED-2874315I don't disagree that there are things that can be done to limit access, and that they should be done, but simply believe that is treating a symptom and not the cause. There are many plans for bombs on the internet.2 votes#1.52 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:13 AM ESTSarah-3043284Why did this happen??? Because we are HUMAN. It isn't video games. It isn't bad parenting. It isn't even the gun. Humans have been around for at least 40,000 years, and do you want to know what's been around with us for every single one of them... Violence and crazy people. That's why the arguments that gun control is "merely a band aid" and "we should be focused on the underlying issues" don't work. Because the under lying issues will never be completely solved. Human nature will remain violent and insanity will always be in our ranks. What changes and advances, is the technology we use to inflict that violence.I'm not saying, we shouldn't enact social changes to better deal with mental health and violence in our culture/nature, we SHOULD. But with the understanding that those of us who are capable of rising above that violent nature and manage to escape being crazy, will never be able to be completely in control of those who can't. That we should take ALL possible steps to make it as hard as possible for the "bad guys" to get their hands on these weapons. It's much easier to control the guns, than it is to control the crazy people or change the inherent nature of human beings.That doesn't mean outlawing guns completely. That means regulating them, at least as much as cars. Anyone who's a legal, responsible, rational gun owner, should NOT have a problem with that.1 vote#1.53 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:37 AM ESTSurvivoronemillionto PeteMT.Sadly, this situation is not rare.  There are 50,000 gun related injuries in the US each year.  That's the amount of fatalities in Vietnam.  I am a survivor of an act of gun violence.  In a rural area, not in an urban environment.  It is a public health epidemic.  EACH year in December, somewhere in the US there has been a horrific gun crime since 1992, the year of my life-changing assault.  I am hyper aware of these stories, not a year has gone by when someone hasn't caused harm, remember Chuckie Cheese?  The commuter train in Chicago?  These horrors must be addressed in a national dialogue across party lines.  We must say enough is enough.  And stand as a nation to ensure that our children's future is one full of hope and not fear.  Together we can decide what is fair and equitable.  I, counter to what you must assume about me, am a proponent of hunting.  I am, however, not a proponent of assault, or clip weapons.  We must limit these murder weapons.  We must for our children.  #1.54 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:39 AM ESTarguesforsportIf this person really held the principles of the the Word of God this  would not have happened.  People make choices every day. every minute,  every second.  What truly is is their heart dictates their actions.   Without God's true principles in your heart evil is allowed in.  So people that believe in god do no evil? Or is it only people that believe in god are capable of doing the right things in life?  Time to start another Inquisition I guess....everyone was so peaceful back then and there was never any violence...because the "word of god" was everywhere. <sarc>2 votes#1.55 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:49 AM ESTCommon Sense-2004266Then, the logic must apply that the answer to nuclear weapon warfare is for each country to have their own nuclear weapons - and the bigger the better and the more of 'em the better.  Gosh... that was so easy...#1.56 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:04 AM ESTAndy-4176161We must understand these mass murders as a manifestation of the growing mental illness in this country and the world.  We must not automatically leap to gun control as the problem or the solution.This mental health issue has been growing, to my recollection, since the clock tower shootings on that Texas campus 50(?) years ago. Please let us put aside our very strong feelings about gun control and use our collective inner wisdom to participate in the search and find process necessary to uncover the core emotional cause of what is happening to individuals that drive them to the point of committing mass murder.We each have insight into what we are all experiencing that mask our fear, our anger, our own desires to return to a simpler way of living and interacting with one another.We can be more emotionally honest within this forum . . . we can put aside the bravado and the learned stoic facade of being "in control" of our emotional intelligence and context and "savvy" about the affairs of the world, our community, and stop following the imaginary blueprint we think will get us the most approval, the most success, and more satisfaction out of life.The blueprint is not working. . . . we need to get in touch with the true reality that does work . . . that will help us to responsibly help those around us when they need our help and not be abused or used for our efforts.We can and we must figure out what our society is doing to produce this extreme reaction against itself.I think perhaps one element that increases our feelings of isolation may be how technology has unconsciously made us more aware of how disconnected we are from one another.  Another driver might be that we are too obsessed with "success" . . . every detail of our lives has to measure up to some external standard that is in reality impossible to achieve.We may be untrained in mental health therapy, but we are humanly astute enough to know our own perceptions of what is happening to us emotionally and it is this knowledge that will lead us to the collective answers we need to solve this epidemic that is causing such deep unrelenting pain.We can do this.  We can.  We can stop hating.  We can stop seeking revenge.  We can.  We can do this.  We can help ourself and by helping one another.  We can do this together right here on these commentary boards.1 vote#1.57 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:05 AM ESTHaircapeCan someone please tell me why it is such a problem to regulate firearms like we regulate driver licenses? I remember having to take classes on how to drive, and since we are such a gun culture, why don't schools have classes on responsible gun ownership? I know it is not a cure all but at least it is a start, I just feel that every time this happens people yell and scream that something should be done but nothing ever happens. I can still go to a gun show and buy a gun off of some person without a background check. Is the 2nd amendment worth having everyone armed to the teeth for protection, and if it is, is America any better then somewhere like, lets say Somalia? What kind of life are we to have in America were grade schools need armed guards just so the almighty 2nd amendment is not F-ed with? I understand that we need to identify the crazies, but until then should we at least not make it so easy to purchase a gun?#1.58 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:19 AM ESTJim-OhioanWhy were the school doors not locked?My wife is a teacher. The doors are SUPPOSED to be locked, and your let in by the secretary. Of coarse the secretary lets ANYONE in!2 votes#1.59 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:47 AM ESTjock59801Jim, he apparently broke in.1 vote#1.60 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:51 AM ESTMassachusettzWhat bothers me is that people think that guns are off-limits from discussion; that even bringing up the idea of limiting their possession is some ridiculous notion that only a liberal moron would bring up. But bring the current tragedy to its logical consequences. If 20 kids can be killed  by guns in one day and nothing changes, would it be the same if it were 200, not once but every single day? Would still nothing change? What about 2,000 gun deaths a day? Still no new gun laws? 20,000? At what point do you say enough blood has been shed that your need for firearms is not worth these people's lives?1 vote#1.61 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:52 AM ESTXbonz@ED-2874315Xbonz,I seriously don't believe this slaughter, or any of the previous  ones, could have been achieved with muzzle loaders, the only type of  firearms the Founders could conceive of when the 2nd ammendment was  written. It was to ensure that citizens had muskets redily available for  a quick responce, should the British come back to try and  retake  America.The founding fathers could not have predicted telephones, televisions, radio, computers, etc. How many people are driven to violence based on these items? Should we outlaw or limit access to these?1 vote#1.62 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:59 AM ESTXbonz@ItsAboutTime-3704531XbonzYes, there are ASSAULT weapons on the streets of America and  Automatic Weapons.  They are not just in the hands of law enforcement.   DO not sit back in that chair and type lies to the American people.Secondly, no one has ever said you personally do not handle your own  guns like a responsible adult.  However, it appears we have several  ADULTS who do not fit that same model.   If we have to introduce laws  that are going to STOP those irresponsible adults, then I am 100% for  it.   If it saves one child's life, the effort is worth it.I suggest you try a new tactic. Americans are FED UP with the gun  advocates taking absolutely NOT iota of responsibility here.    I favor  our second amendment, always have/always will, but if we have to  REGULATE protection, guess what, we are going to do it.We shouldn't have to HIRE MORE security/law enforcement to protect  our own CHILDREN.  All that says is "BUY more GUNs to FIGHT more guns'Pretty strong statements. Any facts to back them up? It's time for you to quit typing lies to the American people. Your scare tactics do more harm than good.And you are correct. We shouldn't have to hire security to protect or children. That is the job of the parents, unfortunately that responsibility has been turned over to the nanny state government. Parents need to spend more time taking care of their families and less time trying to keep up with the Joneses.1 vote#1.63 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:03 PM ESTtexastornado55we have more persons out there with false ideas of protection than we do with brains. please.... wake up and smell the coffee!if responsible persons would have been armed with guns in that colorado theatre the gunman would have been brought down possibly before anyone would have been shot and killed. (gunman was obviously armed and ready to kill!).obviously more satellite systems are needed in the school system inside and outside.playground should be built surrounded by the school(open to the sky of course) itself with rooftop satelittes.(possibly metal detectors).maybe chain-link fences with barbed wire like the prisons have* around the schoolyard.its becoming an evil world because nobody is taught to care for their neighbor anymore.its everbody for him/her self and thats whats wrong with the world today.gird your loins pack on your holster and vow to defend the innocent persons around you......no offense to anyone sorry i just dont believe in concealed weapons.#1.64 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:08 PM ESTmaridanneirespond,i'm likely in your age bracket as well. after watching pulp fiction, a very well made movie btw, i felt as if some of my humanity had been stripped away. i have watched short segments when it's been on cable but never finished it, and have no real desire to watch it again.i suspect there are many movies out there that exceed pulp fiction's impact and are a part of the culture's regular consumption.#1.65 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:10 PM ESTWet WillyThe inevitable calls for more gun control will no doubt reverberate for the near future.  Those people calling for restrictions exhibit a rather simplistic and childlike mentality thinking more stringent controls could prevent such occurrences.  More gun restrictions only make it more difficult for the law abiding and on no way ever prevent the evil ones from acquiring them.In fact, the reverse is the reality, when guns are restricted, the innocent become even more vulnerable.This is one of the more unimaginable tragedies I've ever seen, but with time, this too will pass.  Will there be future events?  Most likely, and not because of the availability of guns but because evil exists in this world as it has existed since the dawn of civilization.As the investigation continues and as a prominent psychiatrist pointed out, I'd wager that just like the Aurora and the Arizona shooters, they will discover this person exhibited all kinds of mental and instability signals that were ignored.2 votes#1.66 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:12 PM ESTmaridannetexastornado55you are sadly mistaken if you think a crowded darkened theater with multiple people firing weapons would have a positive outcome. that only happens in the movies...wait...it WAS in the movies.you must be right, nevermind.#1.67 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:15 PM ESTtonyp1454>The doors are SUPPOSED to be lockedHe shoot six times around the deadbolt to get in.If the law only allowed one revolver with six bullets (why would you need more for self-defense?)He would been  out of ammo by the time het got in. (I simplify the solution but still some  truth.)1 vote#1.68 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:17 PM ESTdirpHow many children have to die before we decide its time to change the Constitution and get rid of guns?How many children's lives are worth "YER 2ND AMENDMENT RITES?"4 votes#1.69 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:20 PM ESTowen1975We know there's no way to absolutely prevent something like this from happening, only reducing the chances of it happening, reducing the number of occurrences, and reducing the number of casualties, especially fatalities when an attack occurs. Reducing chance and occurrences means understanding who commits these acts and why and how we can keep that person from seeking a violent conclusion.  This means improving mental health identification and treatment ($$$), improving family and community communication and vigilance, paying special attention to those that have been thru tragic event(s) and how they have behaved since, just to name a few things related to the attacker.  Secondly, access to weapons.  In this specific case, he had a very low barrier to access weapons to commit this act.  Greater education on gun safety/ownership/storage certainly can't hurt.  I question if this 20 year old would have been able to get the level of weapons if they weren't so easily available and if that would have been enough to deter him from at least going after the school.  Would he have still killed his mom?  Quite likely.  One-person homicide is a heck of a lot harder to stop/curttail.  Thirdly, reducing the quantity of victims per occurrence.  This is about the specific weapons and the measures the facilities and people put in place to deal with such attacks.  The increase in security measures, drills, etc is unfortunately needed at this point.  I'm not sure how much further anybody is willing to go without getting ludicrous with security balanced against personal freedom.  On the weapons side, it seems reasonable to evaluate which weapons can KILL the most people in the shortest amount of time.  Kill, not wound.  Knife in China example is a case proving difficulty to kill a lot of people with said weapon.  Guns (and other weapons) simply have a higher kill rate.  Limiting gun types and capacities to any degree has to help.  Obviously, we'd have to limit way down to the range of bolt-action only to make an immediate huge change but some common sense things should help and not infringe on 2nd amendment.  But there are still other weapons, bombs notably as well as large blades like machetes that kill more easily than smaller knives.  Bombs require preparation and, specifically, a place and time to prepare them.  This is primarily a family/friends paying attention and reporting issue.  Getting plans from the web leads to some potential tactics but beyond parental monitoring go to places that most Americans would not want to go.  Back to honest vigilance and acting upon troubling signs and activity.  Ultimately, however, a determined, troubled, possible mentally ill, person can still find a way to comment acts of mass violence and murder.  We can't deny that.  We can't solve that.  But we can reduce the occurrences and fatalities and, IMO, it all starts with paying attention to your friends and family and acting upon concerns.  I hope that we can learn from these tragedies and take meaningful action more quickly than we have thus far.#1.70 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:39 PM ESTbtoneWe can postulate all we want. We can theorize.  We can opine.The bottom line is that this, in one form or another, will continue to happen.  People kill people. Always have, always will. 1 vote#1.71 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:42 PM ESTriley-1759556Sarah please your logic is twisted.Killer walks into a school in China last week and kills 22 people.  Well guess what guns are outlawed in China and it was done with a knife.  What will be your logic here?  Knives are used to cut and murder.  Are we suddenly banning these?http://us.cnn.com/2012/12/15/world/asia/china-us-school-attack/index.html?hpt=hp_t3Banning one kind of gun is how it starts.  Its akin to raising gas prices to $4.00 per gallon.  Suddenly $3 dollars per gallon doesnt sound too bad.  #1.72 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:44 PM ESTED-2874315Ebonz said,"The founding fathers could not have predicted telephones, televisions, radio, computers, etc. How many people are driven to violence based on these items? Should we outlaw or limit access to these?"The modern items you mention were not invented to kill, nor can I remember tha last time I heard of someone being beaten to death with a television.Guns are the enabling mechanism that makes it easy for someone with the inclination, to kill. 27,000 dead by guns in the US in 2011 almost twice as many suicides as homicides. In Canada where the is at least 1 gun for every 4 people, there were 170 gun homicedes in 2011 for a population of 30 million. The difference is the types of guns that are allowed. Hand guns are severely restricted in Canada. The process to gain a permit includes intrusive interviews by law enforcement of friends, family and neighbors of the applicant. Then there's the mandatory training.None of this exists in the US and so there's 13,000 gun homicides in the US in 2011.Texastornado,Experiments have shown that your assumption in incorrect.#1.73 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:49 PM ESTbtoneKiller walks into a school in China last week and kills 22 people.  Well guess what guns are outlawed in China and it was done with a knife.  What will be your logic here?Riley,I know you directed your post to Sarah, but if I were to argue the point, the logic would be this: None of the Chinese children died.  That's the difference between a gun and knife.#1.74 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:49 PM ESTtexastornado55taking guns out of innocent hands would only complicate the problem then the crooks would be the only ones with guns.crooks are going to have guns whether they are outlawed or not!!!!! people are not taught to care about their fellowman anymore so this is just one more of americas tragedies that are costing peoples lives. its ME ME ME and to h&*(%^&$ll with everbody else. its just like the repub who was running for the presidency he didn't care about the 47% this is the whole problem with america right now lack of caring what happens to others before the tragedy strikes.#1.75 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:56 PM ESTTruthmachineAny  person who would maintain a membership in the NRA after what we've  witnessed since Columbine is no better than a person who maintain a  membership in Al-Qaeda after what we've seen since 9/11. While the tactics may be different the results are not. The NRA is a terrorist organization. Period3 votes#1.76 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:59 PM ESTtexastornado55note you who i said RESPONSIBLE people/persons not a bunch of idiots gone hog wild with guns.#1.77 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:00 PM ESTtexastornado55only thing i can say about mental health persons running loose in america. i ask please dont hire them in the food joints. the mental guy working in the kitchen at the kettle in hobbs, new mexico was putting weed eater in the food. they should not be allowed to handle food period. thank you.1 vote#1.78 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:05 PM ESTtexastornado55what kind of an idi%&t would kill their mother even if they were mentally ill? by the way where was the daddy?1 vote#1.79 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:07 PM ESTbtoneI think he killed her because she wouldn't allow him to use her legally registered weapon to go shoot up the school.1 vote#1.80 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:12 PM ESTbtoneWe may find that shooting up the school was the ultimate F-U to the mother he despised.Maybe he felt that she was giving her school kids more attention than he was getting.He sure showed her.#1.81 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:15 PM ESTclwyd-2621393The NRA is the newest, actually oldest, terrorist organization in America!2 votes#1.82 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:15 PM ESTED-2874315Wetwillie,Your quotes from the NRA handbook do not make it the truth.Riley,The article clearly states that NONE of the 22 children were killed in the chinece knife attack.That is the difference in having easy access to guns vs extremely restricted access. It is so much easier to shoot someone than to slide a knife into them.#1.83 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:18 PM ESTmozzie-600Partial blame for incidents such as these can be placed with the media  of all kinds. If they did not report the shooter's name, or publish his  (it's always a 20-something male) picture, or give him any kind of  attention, but just report that the incident happened, then it would not  inspire yet another 20-something male to come forward with a more devastating massacre, leaving untold misery behind. You will note that  the NRA has no comment on this situation, and they seem to not want to  offer any viable solutions here; so I think this is the very least we  can do to help protect our citizens, especially the young ones who are  so innocent.1 vote#1.84 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:20 PM ESTclwyd-2621393John,   The cause, not  the symptom, is that there are too many high powered guns out there.  A neighbor of mine has 36 kinds of rapid fire weapons in his home.  I'm sorry I do not think that is his right or anyone under the 2nd Amendment!  Evan one gun its too many!1 vote#1.85 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:21 PM ESTSarah-3043284Riley,The logic would be this... This person SHOT kids. Other forms of murder do not negate the necessity for reducing gun violence, they just add the necessity of looking at other forms of violence.Somebody could kill children with a bat as well, would that mean we should no longer focus on those who kill with knives?Hell, why even have laws if we can't automatically stop ALL types of crime instantly with ONE law? This is why we have a legal CODE, not A LAW. Because there are numerous types of crimes and criminals, and the inarguable FACT that crazy people will always exist.#1.86 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:54 PM ESTarchangel 316I Respond and Truth Machine,It is not about our love of firearms, it is not about the NRA it is about our society.  I Respond, you were on the right track when talking about Terrentino films and the violence that is embedded in all our entertainment and media.  It is about the sensationalism in reporting tragedies like this one and the amount of attention payed to the criminal that commits the crime.  It is about the rejection of morality in favor of secularism, it is about our failure as parents to tell industry that we do not want violence for our children.  Guns are incapable of pulling their own triggers. There are millions of legitimate and legal gun owners and millions of guns in this country alone that never have anything to do with a crime.  The NRA while fighting not just for your second amendment rights, but all your rights does not promote violence nor do they condone it.  It is actually at the urging of the NRA that there is a waiting period for the legal purchase of a handgun.  Instead of wasting your time hating an object that has no capacity to act on its own, why not focus where the real problem exists, the individual. A gun does not make you plan to take someone's life, you do the planning then procure the tool to carryout your plan.  These guns were legally owned, legally purchased by the parent of the shooter.  The shooter made the plan then procured the instrument to carry it out, the guns didn't make him do it.  Maybe if we payed a little more attention to our neighbors, friends and family members and actually sought to help with their problems instead of handing them an anti-depressant and ignoring them this tragedy could have been avoided.  In all the recent mass shootings that have taken place three things have been in common. 1) They all involved guns, 2) They all took place in gun free zones, and 3) All the shooters involved have had some sort of personality disorder.  Guns are tools for recreation, survival, and defense.  They have no will of their own, nor can they move themselves about.  The gun free zones draw these people because they know that no one can stop them because no one else is armed until police arrive.  The most restrictive gun control laws in the US are In Chicago and New York City, yet Chicago this year has seen a dramatic increase in violent homicide and New York had its own shooting spree incident on a public street!  Removing guns themselves from the equation is an equally impossible task.  There are as I previously stated millions of registered and unregistered firearms in this country alone.  What do you honestly think the chances of taking them all out of circulation are?  Even if you stopped the manufacture and sale of guns and ammunition today, it would be well over 100 years before it made any difference if at all.  You see America is not the only country to manufacture guns and ammunition and we all see how effective the authorities are at stopping the flow of illegal narcotics into this country! So where should we turn, what should we do to prevent or limit future repeats of this tragedy?  To the individuals, to all of us, to our society and our culture.  Speak out against overly violent content in media.  Embrace morality and once again place responsibility at the forefront of teaching children.  Remove the excuses used to justify violent behavior in the name of compassion.  Change the way we live and focus on positive behavior in the news.  Stop putting children and young adults into positions that are so stressful that psychotic behavior results. Stop living only for ourselves, but live and reach out to everyone near us.#1.87 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:52 PM ESTmozzie-600I reluctantly agree that guns don't kill people; however, bullets do. Since the gun lobby consistently overpowers common sense, and adamantly refuses to make guns illegal, I suggest imposing a moratorium on bullet making for 50 years. That oughta do it.1 vote#1.88 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:10 PM ESTmozzie-600PeteMT #1.2 - please enlighten us with actual statistics that indicate that  law-abiding citizens who purchase 'assault weapons'  ... legally commit such  atrocities.Can you tell me why those people who purchase assault weapons do so if they do not intend to use them to commit atrocities? There is no need otherwise, that I can see.1 vote#1.89 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:18 PM ESTriley-1759556I buy multiple assault weapons for training since when I am not deployed as a contractor for the DOD, I keep my skills current and train regional SWAT teams.  My other friends who purchase assault weapons are no longer in the military but keep their skills current in target shooting or 3gun competitions across the country.  Are we crazy people? Are we all committing future atrocities?  You are more inclined to STEAL a weapon then someone who has multiple registered firearms like we do mozzie 600.When you start restricting what you call assault weapons (these rifles are single shot, 30 round magazine platforms so I have no idea how one could consider this an assault weapon when some pistol magazines have 18 plus rounds in them and are a larger caliber) this will be the first domino to fall in the ubiquitous restriction of guns in this nation.  The UN has already outlined their opposition to societies possessing guns that can be bought and potentially sold to adjacent nations (see Mexico) so their intent is clear.  Their end game is to collect American firearms in terms of regulation.  This was given the nod by the Obama Administration its only a matter of time.Oh and Sarah, a follow up in Norway revealed that the recent mass murderer of school children there wanted to do most of the killing with a homemade bomb.  Are we rushing to restrict household chemicals and fertilizers?  The killing will get done one way or another.#1.90 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:18 PM ESTSarah-3043284Regulating is NOT restricting. There are types of religious dogma that is regulated, is religion restricted? Cars are regulated, are they restricted? 1. A national database tracking all gun/ammo purchases2. The gun show loop hole closed.3. Yearly registration for every personally owned gun.4. Prior to purchase, a test on basic usage, gun laws and psychology. And a retaking of this test every five years.4. Ban kevlar piercing bullets and extended clips, for anyone who does not work in a law enforcement capacity.How would any of that restrict you from using, owning or enjoying your guns? What it might do however, is stop them from being bought by the wrong person, stolen, or used inappropriately.#1.91 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:41 PM ESTXbonz@ED-2874315Xbonz said,"The founding fathers could not have predicted telephones, televisions, radio, computers, etc. How many people are driven to violence based on these items? Should we outlaw or limit access to these?"The modern items you mention were not invented to kill, nor can I remember tha last time I heard of someone being beaten to death with a television.You are most likely correct that people haven't been beaten to death with a television. But, how many criminals were motivated to commit robberies, rapes, murders, beheadings, homicide bombings.etc. etc. by the internet, television, movies. How does Al Qaeda recruit? Does the internet ring any bells? How does the NBP party incite people to riot? Internet ring any bells? Shall I continue or has the point been made loud or strong enough for you to grasp ?#1.92 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:13 PM ESTmozzie-600Riley - You are more inclined to STEAL a weapon then someone who has multiple registered firearms like we do mozzie-600.Beg 'pardon, but I am not inclined to steal anything, much less a weapon of any kind. You must be talking about someone else.1 vote#1.93 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:48 PM ESTBritt CarterI regret to inform you that your sick people.  Using a tragedy like this to preach for either side.  You should be ashamed. #1.94 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:15 PM ESTjohn-737278clwyd-2621393I understand you are very passionate about Gun Control but stay with me for a second. Imagine a world without guns. Fine. Do people still find a way to kill people? Yes. You can take away swords, bows, knives, bombs, and any modern means of killing and it will still happen because the actual cause is the mentality of those who would use them. I am all for rational control of anything that could be used for mass murder, but you miss one simple fact. That fact is, unless you deal with the psyche of those that want to kill, you haven't dealt with the cause. And legislating your fear away will change nothing. It is like trying to legislate dietary intake for the obese. Is the cure the legislation or a society that teaches proper diet and sticks by it?1 vote#1.95 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:32 PM ESTmozzie-600John 737278 - One is that not all but many of our youth are not taught to  communicate and problem solve. ... I don't buy mental illness as an excuse, we all have mental issues if  viewed clinically. ... Another theory is that it is because of over population. Some kids  don't see a future for themselves, and therefore don't see a point in  continuing.I like the way you think. If you haven't already, I recommend that you see Martin Scorsese's film, "Surviving Progress". An intellectual documentary, they are saying that human nature is still in the Stone Age, whereas technology has gone forward at lightning speed, and the question is: are we paving the way for civilization's collapse. 1 vote#1.96 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:37 PM ESTMidnightridrIrespond said:"I still have nightmares about his (Quentin Tarantino)movie Pulp Fiction that i watched many years ago, and I am an older adult. I wake up sometimes when images of that horrible movie still haunt me. Think what that is doing to children that can be easily impressed."What a weak squeamish wussy. How in the hell most people ever survive living outside of a bubble I'll never know. If you can't watch tv without having nightmares well I guess then that we'll just have to BAN TV!!!!!! Jesus Crimony people are pussies in this nation.1 vote#1.97 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:39 PM ESTmozzie-600Britt Carter - I regret to inform you that your sick people.If you're going to denigrate people, you should at least use correct spelling. The word you want is "you're" (a contraction of you and are and not your which is possessive case.)  There. Your way makes no sense.#1.98 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:54 PM ESTJersey MichaelFrom Center for American ProgessBetween 2009 and 2011, states cumulatively cut more than $1.8 billion from their budgets for mental health services, according to a report released in 2011 by the National Alliance on Mental Illness. At least two-thirds of states significantly slashed spending for services for children and adults living with mental illness.To be sure, a person with mental illness is not de facto a violent person. Nor are they likely to cause human carnage by embarking on a shooting rampage. But spree killers share a number of traits, and one of them is being troubled. In the aftermath of one of the most infamous incidents of spree killingthe Columbine High School rampage in 1999the Secret Services National Threat Assessment Center examined 37 school attacks involving 41 student assailants from 1974 and 2000. They found a disturbing mix of mental illness and inaction:93 percent of assailants exhibited behavior that caused a school official, parent, or law enforcement officer to be concerned before the attack.81 percent of assailants let at least one person know that they were thinking of or planning an attack.78 percent of the assailants exhibited a history of suicide attempts or suicidal thoughts.66 percent of attackers were known to be real threats by at least one person; in nearly every case, the person who knew this was a peer, friend, or sibling.34 percent of the assailants had a mental health evaluation prior to the attack.17 percent of the assailants had been diagnosed with mental health or behavior disorder prior to the attack.Failing to appropriately treat and care for mentally ill Americans, especially young adults, puts us all at risk. Federal efforts to stem the state-level cuts and ensure sufficient Medicaid funds for behavioral health treatment must be considered a basic public-safety investment. Yet the National Alliance for Mental Illness finds that, The magnitude of these cuts in a number of states is staggering. California cut $587.4 million during this period, New York $132 million and Illinois $113.7 million. To make matters worse the current House Republican budget for 2013 proposes to further reduce federal funding for mental health treatment.11 votes#2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:05 AM ESTsilverton-2953905A kindergarten teacher has a twenty-year-old son who lives with her and she knows he is mentally ill, and yet she owns five handguns?  And even if you don't have a mentally unstable relative, why does anyone REALLY need five handguns for their own protection?7 votes#2.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:14 AM ESTwje37fcsmPerhaps she obtained these handguns for protection.2 votes#2.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:38 AM ESTpeteMTThis is more like it. The kid was a problem, and needed help, and he was what, home alone and had access to firearms?Well, she's dead, and so is he, so we'll never know, will we?I think the kid's mom was an idiot in many, many tragic ways. She paid for that.At least her waste of carbon son did himself in.2 votes#2.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:21 AM EST10tacleCalifornia cut $587.4 million during this period, New York $132 million  and Illinois $113.7 million. To make matters worse the current House  Republican budget for 2013 proposes to further reduce federal funding  for mental health treatment.Well there we go, blame Republicans. The decrease in funding for the mentally ill dates back decades through many presidencies and Congresses (both Republican run and Democrat run and mixed in power in between them all), but what the hey, let's make a cheap shot and just point fingers at the Republicans as a final parting comment. I expect nothing less from the Center For American Progress.4 votes#2.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:15 AM ESTMary Ann MelvilleAgain with the taking of political sides and gut reaction to be partisan.  This is not about Republicans or Democrats, both parties have done a lousy job on mental health, the record speaks for itself (regardless of the messenger, in this case the Center for American Progress).  Although, I'd like to see such a report from the Heritage Foundation, but I digress.  The point is, the cuts keep coming and currently, it is the GOP who proposes such cuts.  It's hard to have a conversation about gun violence and not talk about mental illness.  But they are 2 separate issues.  I think even the NRA (I hope) would agree that we can do a better job of keeping guns out of the hands of unstable, mentally ill people.  We will hear the arguments about enforcing laws on the books and it will be pointed out, as above that some states, like Connecticut already have a ban on assault weapons.  The fact that cannot be disputed, is that people have the ability to legally or illegally, possess weapons that can kill and maim scores of people in mere seconds.  Why?  Why does anyone outside of law enforcement have the right to have assault weapons and multiple round magazines?  There will lots of arguments about rights and we'll hear lots of defense of the 2nd amendment.  But don't our children have the right to be safe at school and at home, above all constitutional rights?  When our founding fathers made sure that we will always have a "well armed militia", they could not have meant for the general public to have weapons with the capabilities that they do today.  The 2nd amendment will never be overturned, never!  Don't believe anyone who says it will (i.e.; the NRA).  But it is time to have uniform laws across state lines that ensure that the only people who can legally get guns are those who are trained, tested, licensed and insured.  Because the argument that "guns don't kill people, people kill people" is just not a sane one.  4 votes#2.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:05 AM ESTwantnotThis is a privacy issue because mental health is a health issue which has verystrict privacy laws. So we need to be a volunteer nation. Like for instance, I volunteerto get evaluated and allow my score to be seen by all via the web. Same withguns, I would volunteer to let people know I am a gun owner. Not how many gunsor what type or even a reason why I choose to own guns, but just that I am agun owner.This would allow people to be proactive in helping with security of our schools and other partsof our lives. Of course insanity can deceive this methodology and training ofwhat to do and how to recognize threats should be part of our teachings andinstructing. Nobody is expected to foresee such events but we should all preparethe best we can.#2.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:08 AM ESTcv-2142286What a FOOLISH comment by the moron who stated that it would have been an AXE if not a GUN....?? Where did his logic come from, a comic book? This horrible act by a lunatic with GUNS has changed my mind about gun control, and I have been a right winger forever. I am crying and heartbroken for the parents of the beautiful children whose lives were cut away in seconds by BULLETS.4 votes#2.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:56 AM ESTLorielle SissonFirst of all, it has NOT been determined that he was mentally ill.  It has been reported that his brother said that he had a form of autism - Aspergers.  Autism in any form is NOT a mental illness.  Many people have this condition and you would not even know it.  Stop listening to the "so-called" experts and wait until the officials release information on the shooter.  Second, it is NOT the mother's fault.  She legally purchased her weapons - as is her right in this country and her state.  We do NOT know if or how she secured them in her home.  Regardless, SHE did not pull the trigger.  Third, this appears to have been planned out...it was not a whim.  SOmeone intent on causing this sort of devastation would find a way to make it happen. There are 90 guns for every 100 civilians in this country.  Any gun control laws will only affect new LEGAL purchases.  You think people will voluntarily turn in their guns to the government?  Get ready for a REAL civl war.  It will never happen.  Gun ownership is the last defense against criminals and a tyrannical government.  Semi-automatic weapons take the hit because it is popular and easy to do so.  Contrary to what the media and liberals will tell you - most people who own these types of weapons do not have high capacity clips with these weapons.  Besides, collectors and hunters, many people purchase these weapons for protection.  If the criminal element has automatic or semi-automatic guns - I want the same firepower in order to stand a chance to defend myself and my family.  An old fashioned revolver or bolt action rifle will not afford me that. The focus should be on WHY.  Why does the idea of mass killings even occur to people?  Why did this sort of thing not happen 50 years ago? 1 vote#2.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:03 AM ESTRevelator7Silverton---Perhaps she thought she might need to protect herself one day from her unstable son.  That seems to be a reasonable assertion at this point#2.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:08 AM ESTXbonz@silverton-2953905A kindergarten teacher has a twenty-year-old son who lives with her and she knows he is mentally ill, and yet she owns five handguns?And even if you don't have a mentally unstable relative, why does anyone REALLY need five handguns for their own protection?A kindergarten teacher has a mentally disturbed son at home and apparently has been unable or unwilling to face the fact that something could go horribly wrong. And no, I don't mean to cast aspersions on the lady, just responding to your statement. As for the "need' to own five handguns. You still don't get it.  This is not about need. Do you live in a house that is larger than is really necessary? Why? Is it on a piece of property larger than is really necessary? Why? Does your automobile go faster than 65 MPH? Why? What are most of the speed limits you see on a daily basis? Are you starting to catch my drift? Quit blaming the damn guns, they are the smallest part of this problem.2 votes#2.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:19 AM ESTIRESPOND-2315268Australia is a country of real "hunters", and yet, they do not have the BS poblems that we do.Look at the people who suffer from mental illnesses in this country: They are marked for life and ostracized.AMERICA THE STUPID1 vote#2.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:44 AM ESTRevelator7xbonz,I agree with the why part but I don't think your addressing the "rightness" of it.  I own three weapons.  I used to own seven when I lived in a different part of the country.  I didn't collect them because I was fortifying my home.  I collected them because I liked them.  I like shooting them...I like taking care of them.  I collect football cards too.  I don't collect just one, I collect all of the ones that I like.  Why?  Because I like them.  That's okay.  That is a sufficient enough reason in a free society.  Freedom is risky just like Religion.  Without the inherent risks, there is no freedom (a point I am constantly reminded of by TSA at airports).  When this nation falls, (which history has shown happens to all opulent cultures), whether in my lifetime or beyond, it will be because it lost the backbone of its ideals.  The truth of Freedom, States rights, sexual and moral responsibility, the right to bear arms, the right to privacy, and the right to worship and vote according to our religious conviction, and the ability to rule our government (not vice-versa) will have long been eroded to some pluralistic, esoteric worldview that will make us no longer a viable (or desirable) culture and society.2 votes#2.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:52 AM ESTjust me-796948Mary Ann Melville , you say "the only people who can legally get guns are those who are trained, tested, licensed and insured."  How would that prevent what occurred? It already is illegal for people to illegally have a pistol in CT if you are 21 or not licensed. The perp didn't care about the law and made up his own rules. As for you other question: "Why does anyone outside of law enforcement have the right to have assault weapons and multiple round magazines?" Because US Citizens do have that right: "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free  State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be  infringed."  Governments go bad. We the people wanted to create a free state, for the people by the people. While our government has issues balancing a budget it is not bad like what we see in some nations around the world. In 50 years though? Or 100 years? We don't know and that is why we have that 2nd amendment.  You do not want to give that right up, for yourself, your kids, your grandkids.They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety - Ben Franklin.   A smart man, as many of our founding fathers were.9/11 was a tragedy. The millions spent to keep us "safe" at airports is another tragedy. Anyone who thinks a well trained assault team couldn't get on a plane is living with their head in the sand. The best deterrent for planes used as weapons is all terrorists knowing the Air Force won't let the plane reach its target. We did not need fancy scanning machines that are easily bypassed by a determined group of people.None of the above has anything to do with the tragedy that occurred  yesterday though. You can make harm harder to do but this person drove 3  hours with the intent to kill. This was not a 5 minute snap decision.  He got dressed, got equipment, and set out on a mission. If equipment "A"  was not available he would have grabbed equipment "B", just like the knife  attack in China. He was intent on going to that school and nothing was going to stop him from getting at least to the parking lot. Being able to quickly stop the attack is key for I don't think we can prevent every single attack. Especially when the attacker has no desire to live to see tomorrow. I do wonder how many of the teachers today wished they were allowed to carry yesterday.To answer the question of this article, "how can we be protected from people like this?": They attack in schools, shopping malls, movie theaters, and parking lots. In DC they shot from the trunk of a car. In Oklahoma a federal building was blown up. In Times Square someone tried to blow up a car.The surprise factor is a tough one to overcome. We can't suspect every person we see. Often times crimes are committed by family and classmates so it isn't like a stranger approaches you. Sometimes there are warning signs. Sometimes there are not. Planning ahead and being aware of our surroundings can help protect us once a crises has started but I don't think we can 100% protect ourselves from 100% of the people intent on doing harm. We do catch many of them before they act out though, so let's be thankful for all the tragedies we have prevented so far while working on preventing more.1 vote#2.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:56 AM ESTEric-913730The US leads the world in school shootings and we have the most guns. Is that a simple coincidence? NO.Wake up and smell the coffee. I read, "let's arm the teachers". You really want shoot outs at school?We need to do something about increasing mental health funding and access to guns.1 vote#2.14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:45 AM ESTthe one and only-1533412How can we be protected from people like this?You can't. Random acts like this happen occasionally. It's sad when it happens to be sure, but the world is not a safe sanitized place.We need to do something about increasing mental health funding and access to guns.We already have adequate coverage in both of those areas. Every time someone gets shot in this country a certain type of person starts screaming about gun control. Guns aren't the problem, statistically you are much less likely to be injured or killed by a gun that you are in a car. But anytime a gun is used it's "sensational" so it make good headlines.You want to do something? Get to know your neighbors, do something in your community for the mentally ill, reach out to them before they snap. People are isolating themselves hiding in their living rooms watching the world on their 32" panel TV rather than getting involved with actual people; that's the problem.2 votes#2.15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:26 AM ESTdirpthe one: There is only ONE solution, get rid of ALL guns.2 votes#2.16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:22 PM ESTtexastornado55somebody's full of hunkydoo if you really believe that there are no assult weapons in america.military persons and other persons purchase assult weapons overseas and mail them to canada and mexico and traffic them into america. i have gentleman neighbor down the street from me who was in viet nam in the marine core and sent his weapons back here to the states. he has ak47's,m16's a german pistola that shoots 9 rounds at one time. and there are many others who own assult weapons.so how do you guys stop the tragedies that are occuring here in the united states legally arm youself and protect you your family and friends.kinda like john wayne God,guts and guns keep america free.and God Bless our troops who are fighting to keep america safe.#2.17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:32 PM ESTthe one and only-1533412for dirpThere is only ONE solution, get rid of ALL guns.Pretty naive. That genie is already out of the bottle. You may as well try to force people to give up their knives, axes, crossbows, and fists.What bothers me as much as this mass murder is the people who come out of the woodwork and try to capitalize on the situation with their weird pacifist political agenda. You're deluded if you think that banning guns will stop violence.What's really amazing is that this murderer was unhinged enough to commit a horrific act and no one, not his family, friends, or neighbors  bothered to look for warning signs.5 votes#2.18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:35 PM ESTJersey Michaelarm youself and protect you your family and friends.kinda like john wayne God,guts and guns keep america freetexastornado, I think you're a wuss if you need a gun to defend yourself.2 votes#2.19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:54 PM ESTlilian10122 kindergarten students slashed in Red China's Henan province on the same day 12/14/12 and where is the outcry against psychos targeting elementary students? No where, instead this is a pathetic politicizing of psychopathy predating upon a clearly emotive target--an act of psychotic terrorism.#2.20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:45 PM ESTarchangel 316I Respond and Truth Machine,It is not about our love of firearms, it is not about the NRA it is about our society. I Respond, you were on the right track when talking about Terrentino films and the violence that is embedded in all our entertainment and media. It is about the sensationalism in reporting tragedies like this one and the amount of attention payed to the criminal that commits the crime. It is about the rejection of morality in favor of secularism, it is about our failure as parents to tell industry that we do not want violence for our children. Guns are incapable of pulling their own triggers. There are millions of legitimate and legal gun owners and millions of guns in this country alone that never have anything to do with a crime. The NRA while fighting not just for your second amendment rights, but all your rights does not promote violence nor do they condone it. It is actually at the urging of the NRA that there is a waiting period for the legal purchase of a handgun. Instead of wasting your time hating an object that has no capacity to act on its own, why not focus where the real problem exists, the individual. A gun does not make you plan to take someone's life, you do the planning then procure the tool to carryout your plan. These guns were legally owned, legally purchased by the parent of the shooter. The shooter made the plan then procured the instrument to carry it out, the guns didn't make him do it. Maybe if we payed a little more attention to our neighbors, friends and family members and actually sought to help with their problems instead of handing them an anti-depressant and ignoring them this tragedy could have been avoided. In all the recent mass shootings that have taken place three things have been in common. 1) They all involved guns, 2) They all took place in gun free zones, and 3) All the shooters involved have had some sort of personality disorder. Guns are tools for recreation, survival, and defense. They have no will of their own, nor can they move themselves about. The gun free zones draw these people because they know that no one can stop them because no one else is armed until police arrive. The most restrictive gun control laws in the US are In Chicago and New York City, yet Chicago this year has seen a dramatic increase in violent homicide and New York had its own shooting spree incident on a public street! Removing guns themselves from the equation is an equally impossible task. There are as I previously stated millions of registered and unregistered firearms in this country alone. What do you honestly think the chances of taking them all out of circulation are? Even if you stopped the manufacture and sale of guns and ammunition today, it would be well over 100 years before it made any difference if at all. You see America is not the only country to manufacture guns and ammunition and we all see how effective the authorities are at stopping the flow of illegal narcotics into this country! So where should we turn, what should we do to prevent or limit future repeats of this tragedy? To the individuals, to all of us, to our society and our culture. Speak out against overly violent content in media. Embrace morality and once again place responsibility at the forefront of teaching children. Remove the excuses used to justify violent behavior in the name of compassion. Change the way we live and focus on positive behavior in the news. Stop putting children and young adults into positions that are so stressful that psychotic behavior results. Stop living only for ourselves, but live and reach out to everyone near us.#2.21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:57 PM ESTsilverton-2953905This is not the first time a deranged person has shot a classroom full of kindergartners. In 1996 at Dunblane Primary School in Scotland, a man burst into a room full of 5 and 6 year-olds and killed sixteen small children and their teacher.Following this massacre, handguns were banned in the United Kingdom, and now the UK has one of the lowest rates of gun homicides in the world.Now is the time, America, for us to stand up and say NO to the gun advocates and start enforcing stricter gun laws.Take a look at this link of the children and their teacher killed in Scotland, and think of the children and teachers killed yesterday.http://fareehaali.com/2011/09/18/september11/DON'T LET THE NRA BULLY US ANYMORE!2 votes#2.22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:58 PM ESTarchangel 316silverton,The police in the UK never used to carry sidearms either, but they do now.  How do you explain the need for them if handguns are no longer a problem in the UK?1 vote#2.23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:44 PM ESTGina -1045483The NRA had nothing to do with yesterday.  As I have said, Guns are a tool.  The young man needed a tool and picked up his mother's guns and used them.  Guns don't kill people, people kill people using tools - i.e., gun, knife, fork, club, car, etc., etc., etc.  Get off the gun crap.  If someone wants to kill someone or people, they will find a way.  Be it gun, knife, ax, wood chipper, etc., etc.  Think about it.  Leave the guns alone.#2.24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:45 PM ESThbebeI read "let's arm the teachers."  You really want shootouts at school?When a deranged maniac is shooting up the classroom, hell yeah I'd want a shootout at school.  That's the only thing that would have given these kids any chance of survival.  The shooter will always be able to get off the first shot, but if some of the teachers had been armed, the carnage wouldn't have been nearly as bad.  Schools are a favored venue for these killers because they know that they are gun-free zones.  People talk about banning guns.  With hundreds of millions of guns out there, there's no way the government would be able to confiscate them all.  And even if they could, there would be no way to keep more from being smuggled in across our borders.  Our government can't even keep illegal immigrants from streaming across the border, so I have no faith that they would be able to prevent something as small as a handgun from being smuggled in.#2.25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:47 PM ESTEldridgeafDeletedED-2874315Repeal the 2nd ammendment. It has been perverted from the Founders original intent. They could not even conceive of a firearm that could be fired more than 5 times a minute. It was not intended for recreational use or personal protection. A gun loving supreme court gave us the interpretation we have now.It is easier to kill with a gun, compared to all other methods.I learned to shoot at 10 yrs old, infantry trained at 18. There are a tool for the military. If the second ammendment was interpreted as intended, the national guard members would have firearms in their homes for the expressed use of defending the country when called upon, not for recreational use, not for home protection, not for gaining a sense of empowerment (missing due to some lack of endowment). The second ammendment has been hijacked by the gun manufacturers through the NRA and the Activist supreme Court, and guns kill 27,000 Americans every year (2011) because of that.It is easy enough to disarm someone with a hand gun with the right training and if you are close enough. I don't own a gun now, I don't need one, and my daughter is safe at home.1 vote#2.27 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:19 PM ESTED-2874315Ebonz said,"The founding fathers could not have predicted telephones, televisions, radio, computers, etc. How many people are driven to violence based on these items? Should we outlaw or limit access to these?"The modern items you mention were not invented to kill, nor can I remember tha last time I heard of someone being beaten to death with a television.Guns are the enabling mechanism that makes it easy for someone with the inclination, to kill. 27,000 dead by guns in the US in 2011 almost twice as many suicides as homicides. In Canada where the is at least 1 gun for every 4 people, there were 170 gun homicedes in 2011 for a population of 30 million. The difference is the types of guns that are allowed. Hand guns are severely restricted in Canada. The process to gain a permit includes intrusive interviews by law enforcement of friends, family and neighbors of the applicant. Then there's the mandatory training.None of this exists in the US and so there's 13,000 gun homicides in the US in 2011.1 vote#2.28 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:24 PM ESTriley-1759556Australia is a country of real "hunters", and yet, they do not have the BS poblems that we do.Look at the people who suffer from mental illnesses in this country: They are marked for life and ostracized.AMERICA THE STUPIDDo you really know whats happening in Austrailia right now?  They just institued a national weapons ban and have destroyed the guns that the population has turned in.  Guess what the result was?  Crime against citizens has risen 62% including home invasions which doesnt even have a law against it because before NO ONE invaded your home because EVERYONE was armed.  Now only the criminals have the weapons and they know Austrailians dont.  Great move. So I would say Austrailia the stupid.#2.29 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:26 PM ESTED-2874315riley,Your info on Australia is the NRA version. Try factcheck. org for the real story1 vote#2.30 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:38 PM ESTclwyd-2621393Nobody should own guns, the NRA is the newest and oldest terror group to threaten America and Americans.  It should be outlawed!   The 2nd Amendment should be amended!1 vote#2.31 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:53 PM ESTclwyd-2621393The NRA is a pack of lying terrorists and so are its brainwashed members!1 vote#2.32 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:55 PM ESTsilverton-2953905Time to stand, America, and tell the NRA that it cannot bully us anymore. 1 vote#2.33 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:01 PM ESTQuinta243.DeletedAdvertise | AdChoices David Quinterovia FacebookBeware.  Historic incidents like this after the basis of the degradation of our rights.  It happens quietly and incrementally and we are too busy watching American Idol or the Super Bowl to realize that another law has passed...perhaps, this time, anyone who looks at you cross-eyed is guilty of a crime.7 votes#3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:37 AM ESTiowaserfIf you are an apologist in any way for what happened, you are on the side of the gun lobbies and in the minority. We can adopt sensible gun laws, enforce them and close loopholes. It's what the people want. The mess will not be cleaned up overnight, nor will any law completely protect our children, but to not make the effort is criminal and a blot on our society. The children who were there will be forever scarred by this.2 votes#3.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:19 AM ESTwolfhound27Anybody who wants a gun will be able to get a gun no matter what laws are passed.Legal or ilegal,If a person has enough money and they want a gun bad enough they will get one.Not even banning gun ownership would stop all the violence.Remember,Prohibition did'nt stop all the drinking,In fact it made the black market and organized crime untold millions of dollars.Just ask Al Capone.4 votes#3.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:41 AM ESThiapIowa.The guns used in this terrible, awful, disguisting sick act were already obtained illegally, so more laws would have done nothing. He was 20, in CT you have to be 21 to purchase a handgun or ammunition period. So what did he do, he stole them from his own mother and killed her in the process. He was already a murderer and a theif before he even walked into that school. This tragedy is beyon horrible, but all it did was prove that if someone is crazy and wants to kill masses of people, they won't let laws get in their way.1 vote#3.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:34 AM ESTRevelator7David,Don't be naive.  Those kinds of laws have already been passed.  As a writer, I have already become painfully aware that if I say anything that is too "Christian" or politically incorrect can be considered a "hate crime".  Already, an employer can't refuse to hire a open homosexual, even if their religious convictions state that that person is making a bad choice and the employer wants someone with a history of what he believes are good choices for his business.  That is now a hate crime.#3.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:01 AM ESTEric-913730I really hate, "Anybody can get a gun anytime, so lets do nothing" comments. REALLY?Or better yet, "They'll use any kind of weapon, knife, toaster, scrub brush"......REALLY?Keep protecting you guns and cutting mental health and we'll have more of these.#3.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:47 AM ESTdirpMaybe NOW, after 20 little CHILDREN are killed its time to get rid of the guns ?#3.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:24 PM ESTXbonz@dirpMaybe NOW, after 20 little CHILDREN are killed its time to get rid of the guns ?Swimming pools are the second leading cause of accidental deaths among children. Do a little research into these horrifying statistics and you will find the urgent need to outlaw swimming pools. Guess it's time to get rid of swimming pools.1 vote#3.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:09 PM ESTarchangel 316iowaserf,We already have hundreds of sensible gun laws on the books and some that are really ridiculous in the efforts they go to in restricting the use, sale and ownership of firearms.  New laws aren't the answer to guns, people are the answer.  It is the person that procures the gun not the other way around.  It is the person that pulls the trigger, that loads the gun, that takes aim at other human beings. So it is the person who is the danger.  Maybe we should stop treating personality disorders with drugs and letting people go on their merry way until they snap!  Maybe we should re-evaluate the content of our media and entertainment that is acceptable in our screwed up society!  Maybe we should slow things down a bit and take much more time for family and friends so that we reduce the anxiety and stress that builds up in our lives.  It makes more sense to attack the problem at its root, the individual human being, than it does to blame a tool with no mind or will of its own.Eric,If we outlawed all guns tomorrow and stopped the manufacture and sale of guns and ammunition in this country, how many years do you think it would take to see a change in behavior?  One? Ten? One Hundred?  More?  Stop trying to treat a symptom and start focusing on the disease Eric! The one thing other than guns that are in common with all the mass shootings is people!  Someone pulled the trigger!  Maybe we should look into changing the way we live so the personality disorders that manifest this type of behavior can be eliminated.  Maybe we should look into the way we treat these personality disorders because drugs do not seem to be the answer.  Maybe we have to accept the fact that evil is alive and well in our society and we should pay more attention to how we live and what we do to avoid it.  If someone jumps in a car and rams a group of school children waiting for a bus, is it the car's fault?  If someone blows up a building full of people using a natural gas leak to create the explosion, is it the gas company's fault? Let's put the emphasis of the solution on the real problem not on some object.#3.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:19 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices 10tacleLet's put aside the politics, put aside the NRA, and put aside America's "love affair" with guns. Let's look at the root cause of this. The root cause is that a mentally ill person was allowed to walk free in society with free will. In this case, a home with legal gun owners. Why? Why is that?It is because America has decided that spending money on housing these mentally ill individuals is not worth the money and it is afraid to address the problem. Last century we had a lot more funding, even from the state level, to handle the mentally ill. Many of those institutions have long since been closed. Many of those still stand as abandoned buildings.Now why is that? It's because we have become so softened and afraid to address the problem of the mentally ill that roam upon us that we feel that they aren't a real threat. Our society is afraid of addressing the problem of the mentally ill because we are afraid we may offend someone and more to the point, that sick individual. Well I'm sorry. That's no longer acceptable. We MUST admit we have mentally ill among our friends, and our family. We MUST address this issue and we MUST be prepared to make cuts elsewhere in our federal budget to rebuild the institutions specifically designed to house these people and we MUST accept that they WILL NOT EVER be capable of living in free society.THAT is the root cause of this entire tragedy. It's NOT guns, it's NOT upbringing, and it's NOT the environment someone grows up in (Columbine was a different story of course with bullying and retaliation). We are a nation of 300+ million people with 300+ million guns. WE must take care of our own in sickness and in health...including mental sickness. The time to be politically correct about it is OVER.If anything, I hope that this national tragedy will wake up Washington as to what the root cause is, but I doubt it. What we will see instead is the left blaming guns and the right saying it's not the guns and it will be more back-n-forth between the two and nothing will be done. Let's spend money on HOUSING THE MENTALLY ILL! Get them OUT of society, and do NOT be afraid to LABEL them as such...MENTALLY SICK.6 votes#4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:47 AM ESTdoug from wnyas tragic as this story is,people have to keep in mind this sad story is about mental illness, and the reprocussions of not getting proper treatment, it is not the gun that kills as a gun can not fire it self or transport it self around the country,but it is i my opion a reflection of our moral decadence as a country and civilization,where morals and responsiblity and compasion for others is down played and im moral acts and behavior is played up in very violent music ,video games, and also on television,where this type of behavior is glorified,3 votes#4.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:11 AM ESTpeteMTAnd you are correct.Sadly, the cowards are rallying to blame inanimate objects rather than face the real issues because, you know, those are just danged hard, and might hurt feelings and damage self-esteem.1 vote#4.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:26 AM ESTSue Jones-422808I totally agree with you.  I have been trying to get the same type of help for my adult son for years now and he is still walking free in society.  I am not afraid to say that my son Matthew is a danger to society and has been talking about killing people for a while now.  I had him placed into a psychiatric unit for evaluation only to see them let him loose in 72 hours...this was after he was talking about taking many people out.  I cannot do anything more here and I have stated to many doctors that he needs a placement but they NEVER listen...no one cares.3 votes#4.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:29 AM EST10tacleI'm truly sorry to hear that Sue. The only thing we can do now is write our Congressional representatives (Senator, district House Representative) and get some bills passed for Obama to sign. We've got to get them the help they need and spend the money to do it. I pray this is a wake up call for that and not focus on the easy fix (guns).Again, I'm truly sorry for what you have been through and continue to go through. I cannot imagine. We as a society owe it to you and others. I'd rather have my tax dollars help people like your son than deadbeats who sell EBT cards (food stamps) to buy drugs and booze. Enough is enough already. Now let's show some courage at the real problem and not point fingers based on politics and simpleton emotion-driven beliefs.3 votes#4.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:47 AM ESTRevelator7Friend, I am refreshed by your lucid comments and Sue...you will continue to be in my prayers as you move forward. First, let me say that as salty and seasoned a person as I am, I was shaken to core yesterday to the point of phobic about leaving my ten-year old daughter at the group function that she normally attends on Friday nights.  I cannot express my sympathy for the families of the ones who lost children.  It is odd.  We tend to become calloused and treat mass shootings as routine compared to the magnitude of the emotion evoked by the killing of children.  I harken my emotions back to the Amish school shootings in Pennsylvania.To our reactionary liberal friends who would use this tragedy as a mode (as President Obama already has eluded to) to take action about gun control, I would say this.  This is precisely the reason that we are supposed to have the right to bear arms.  I don't live that far from Newtown.  Had I been close I would have taken my weapon, waded in and put that boy down like a rabid dog.Another thing does strike me though.  We now have a classification and a history with a type of mass killing called "school shooting".  While I cannot speak to the issues of mental illness, and won't be saying anything popular in the way of gun control...I can be absolutely certain that this kind of crime can't happen in a society that institutionalizes its kids in indoctrination factories like the public school system.  It is time to look long and hard at why we abdicate our responsibility as parents and our own children's teachers.  Home schooling and other alternatives to the public school system are not only more beneficial...they are safer.  I know who my daughter spends time with and is interacting with.  Of course, I can't keep her completely safe.  Freedom is not safe...it isn't supposed to be.  But that kind of parenting shifts the responsibility from two adults for one child instead of a handful for six hundred.1 vote#4.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:03 AM ESTEric-913730You realize what you are advocating for?1 in 5 people have a mental health diagnosis sometime in their lifetime. So you are going to "house" and remove from society those 1 in 5?Are you going to remove people with depression? How about ADHD? Anxiety? PTSD?Talk about increasing the stigma around mental health. If the stigma was less, people could talk about what was going on.#4.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:50 AM ESTdirpNO, the root cause of death by guns are, GUNS.GUNS KILL !!!If there are no guns, you have no death from guns.Guns have ONE purpose, to KILL.  There is NO other purpose for a GUN.It is not meant for exercise, for driving, for cutting, for any other purpose.  A gun is designed to KILL.It is long past time we amend the Constitution to remove the aberation known as the "Right to Arms."It IS NOT A RIGHT TO ARMS, IT HAS BECOME A RIGHT TO KILL.#4.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:28 PM ESTXbonz@dirpNO, the root cause of death by guns are, GUNS.GUNS KILL !!!If there are no guns, you have no death from guns.Guns have ONE purpose, to KILL.  There is NO other purpose for a GUN.It is not meant for exercise, for driving, for cutting, for any other purpose.  A gun is designed to KILL.It is long past time we amend the Constitution to remove the aberation known as the "Right to Arms."It IS NOT A RIGHT TO ARMS, IT HAS BECOME A RIGHT TO KILL.I see. So once guns are gone there will be no more murder. Correct? By the way, the guns I use for target shooting have never killed anything. But, guns are only made for killing, per your divine wisdom. How do you explain this conundrum?2 votes#4.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:13 PM ESTtexastornado55hey dirp why dont you tell the crooks who already have guns and don't care about no laws they need to get rid of their guns. so you dont think we need to arm ourselves with guns to protect us from these armed vigilantes who would just as soon see us pushing up daisies. R.I.P. +.1 vote#4.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:19 PM ESTarchangel 316dirp,You are certainly idealistic!  Just how do you suppose we remove millions of guns from our society?  Realistically do you think for one moment that everyone criminal or not will just turn in their guns? Do you think that harvesting another 100 acres of trees for the paper to write more restrictive gun laws will actually help guard against someone that is intent on killing? Think about what you are saying and what you believe for one moment.  Is it honestly practical?  What will be next, outlawing knives, forks, cars, household cleaning products, anything that can potentially used to kill?  No the problem is, has, and always will be with people not the objects they use.  This will be true long after you and your hatred of guns and gun owners is dead and gone.Eric,Yes Eric I know full well what I am advocating for even if you think it won't solve anything.  Did you ever stop to think that maybe the way these people are evaluated, or treated is wrong?  Did you ever stop to think that these diseases are more problems with behavior than the are actually a physical disorder?  We have become advanced enough to see chemical differences in humans, yet we still do not understand how these differences affect individuals.  Each person is unique, in physical make up, body chemistry, and personality, we can only generalize how a person might respond to a therapy and even then no two people respond exactly the same.  1 vote#4.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:40 PM ESTdoogie60DIRK,,, they tried that nonsense in Canada,, cost was100`s of million dollars and accomplished nothing.. Gun control had absolutly nothing to do with newtown,,he stole the weapons used,, how does gun control prevent that#4.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:12 PM EST10tacleYou realize what you are advocating for? 1 in 5 people have a mental health diagnosis sometime in their  lifetime. So you are going to "house" and remove from society those 1 in  5? Are you going to remove people with depression? How about ADHD? Anxiety? PTSD? Talk about increasing the stigma around mental health. If the stigma was less, people could talk about what was going on.Xbonz - that's what the professionals are for. Someone who has depression (linked to bi-polar disorder, which in and of itself has many different levels), ADHD, anxiety, or PTSD is likely not going to shoot up a school classroom of five and six year olds, or a mall or a church packed with innocents. Get with the program and wake up. We should be able to categorize their stability. Specifically, as Sue referenced above with her very own son. We have the professionals and the capability to do so.Finally, per my original post, we used to have a lot more housing for the mentally ill in this nation and programs/institutions to address it. THAT is what I'm talking about. It's a bigger and more complex issue and we MUST address it and spend the money to do so. Your knee-jerk reaction to my comment will solve nothing if we continue to stick our heads in the sand, and we will continue to see these tragedies even if the UN tries to take all our guns (which they will never, EVER do).#4.12 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 1:22 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Richard/phoenixI have never seen a gun on a shelf in a car  or even in a store kill someone...  it is people that do not respect life that use these tools(guns to kill,yes we have to educate the public in Life Value, but intill we start  making the punishment greater than the offence, we will never curve such useless killings that occured to day. We have to push for stricter laws against the missuse  of all guns, and the offienders shall never be allowed to live the rest of their lives in confort, If our laws would just back up about 100 years tward this usless killing, it would not take very many offenders intill the rest would rethink their intended actions.I feel very sorry for the parents that have lost their children and they are in our prayers.#5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:50 AM ESTthegreatsquareHow can you not see it? The gun caused the crimes in excess of those that could have been perpetrated by the crazy person had he only had a knife. The gun is accessory to those extra murders. The gun aided the perpetrator to commit a large portion of these murders. Without the gun's involvement, the body count could not be what it is.1 vote#5.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:10 AM ESTjust me-796948Agreed. A gun lets someone shoot many people from a distance. A knife requires the person to get close up. A stick of dynamite would be another item that would be an accessory to extra murders.Fact: Guns, Knives, and Dynamite are not going away. Neither are people who want to do harm to others.You can guard the door and someone will come through the window. Training and drilling so we are aware and able to take faster action will limit casualties for the instances we aren't aware enough to report individuals who exhibit warning signs.#5.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:04 AM ESTRevelator7I will paraphrase a line from Star Trek...originally plagerized from Joseph Stalin.  The line comes from the character Spock talking to Dr. McCoy after the realization that 400 Vulcans had just been slaughtered. Spock-How easy is for you to understand the death of one, then the death of a million.  You speak of the coldness of the Vulcan heart (centered around logic), but how very little there is in yours.McCoy-Suffer the death of thy neighbor, Spock?  You wouldn't have wished that on us would you.Spock-It might have rendered your Earth history...a bit less bloody.#5.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:07 AM ESTEric-913730The US leads the world in school shootings and we have the most guns. Is that a simple coincidence? NO.Wake up and smell the coffee. I read, "let's arm the teachers". You really want shoot outs at school?We need to do something about increasing mental health funding and access to guns.#5.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:51 AM ESTdirpA gun is a tool whose only purpose is TO KILL.  It has no other purpose.At one time, the constitution allowed another "tool", slaves.That was proven wrong.Just as we changed the constitution to get rid of another anachronism, we need to get rid of GUNS#5.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:30 PM ESTmoonyraker57I suppose you are fond of your analogy, but seriously, it is ridiculous. When was the last time you saw a news story describing the use of a slave to murder innocent people?Alcohol was legal, then illegal, then legal again, What are we to determine from that? That changing the Constitution is good, then bad, then good again? Who gets to decide whether a change is effective?Do you honestly think that any restraint on firearms would put the smallest dent in violence in the world? If so, you are the most naive person posting here. It wouldn't matter if the entire United States banned firearms for eternity, supply and demand would maintain a status quo, and the current stockpile of weapons already in the possession of people in the private sector would put the kabosh on your plan.People who ignore the law, would in fact, ignore the law, no matter what you attempted to accomplish with new legislation.Every controlled substance on the books is illegal to possess, manufacture, and sell without going through the proper channels, yet the flow of these substances, through illegal means has not ceased. How would your new gun laws affect anything?How exactly would you "get rid of guns"? In the event that you could convince anyone to repeal the 2nd amendment, do you you truly believe all of the current gun owners would just voluntarily relinquish possession of the weapons they already own? I hate to have to, but I gotta ask, are you really that dumb?One last thought. You are 100% correct, the only purpose of a gun is to kill. The only purpose, and they have been around for several hundred years, in many forms. Your ancestors for a fact, used them to feed themselves, protect themselves......etc...... The manufacture, and use of weaponry has been a part of human culture from the inception of human existence. If you want my attention you'll have to do far better.#5.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:30 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices linmogI want to thank Jersey Michael for his very informative post. Due to budget constraints all over the country, mental health services have been cut. This just proves that these services are vital to the safety of everyone. We need to push our legislators to fund mental health services. That would also help to get many homeless off the street. The federal government needs to add mental health funding to the budget. Police I've noticed don't seen to know how to handle the mentally ill. In the past few years, four mentally ill people have been killed in my area by police when they just needed help. Please write letters in support of mental health to your congressmen/women.2 votes#6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:57 AM ESTpeteMTWonderful words. One can't help but wonder where we would be today if this young man were in proper treatment and not in a place where he could access firearms.#6.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:27 AM ESTWindancersong-1494878As much as I hate to say this, I will make a prediction. There will be more shootings at schools. Just like they will happen at malls, or possibly even sport events. And more victims in greater numbers then 27. One can bet the family farm on this. Regardless how sick to my stomach this makes me feel.It won't be the guns that do this. It will be a human being using it,who probably has some very serious issues going on. It may even be two people. But if this was a lottery, and people were to place bets on it happening or not with a million dollars that it would, folks might as well start their wish list. It is just a matter of when. You can't stop just plain evil, nor people being sick enough to carry mass killings out for their own perverted reasons that will never make any sense.#6.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:27 AM ESTEric-913730Yes there will be people that kill, but they will be holding guns. The US leads the world in these kinds of events. To say that guns are not involved is insanity.#6.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:51 AM ESTjimloBy Wednesday, this will be out of most people's heads. Until it happens again... and it is going to happen again.Problem is, what the hell are we supposed to do?The guns are already out there, so gun control laws are not a realistic answer. Sure, we can lock down and put guards up at schools, but how does that prevent this from happening at malls, movie theaters or other public places?What are we suppose to do? Never leave home? Lock up every person that has a mental issue? Put a soldier or a cop in every public place? Sadly, there are no feasible answers to stop this sh*t from happening over and over and over again.So, a couple more schools will put up metal detectors and we'll forget about this by next week, because mass denial is the only thing we suck at worse than learning our lesson.Sorry for rambling... very aggravated atm.1 vote#6.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:11 AM ESTGina -1045483Oh yes, be careful and stay at home.......there are hundreds of guns running around just waiting to go off - at everyone!  They are beginning to cluster together now, and the fire power is stronger....beware.  Stay at home.  Stay in your basements, and cover your windows.  Guns are massing together.........You people are crazier than I am.  The kid stole his mother's guns and killed her because she probably tried to prevent his taking them.  After she was dead, he probably thought he would go to the school where she perhaps taught and take out some of her students.  Who know what was in the mind of this juvie.  It's a sick world, getting sicker all the time.#6.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:07 PM ESTcpb1People, can really help by contacting your congress person, senators, the president etc., and keep them accountable. Also, there are oraganizations that need your help such as the bradycenter.org, where they also have a search engine to find local organizations that you can help with gun control. People who truly care about gun control, please stop wasting your efforts arguing with gun nuts on the internet and ACT, then you will truly be able to look yourselves in the mirror.#7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:50 AM ESTthegreatsquareI think an effective solution would be to make gun owning employees an insurance liability. Employers should be required to buy $100,000,000 of liability insurance if it employs a gun owner, per location these employees happen to work. The high level of insurance is because of the number of people that can fall victim when a gun is used.The school should be held responsible to pay for these deaths and these injured because it employed the owner of the guns that killed and injured. If the school did not employ this gun owner, this school would never have been the sight of a massacre yesterday. At the very least they and every other employer should be insured for the results.Making gun ownership an economic liability is the quickest path to making this society safe. Since the GOP under the control of the NRA refuses to establish any reasonable regulation of guns, then society should seek the regulation they desire by other means, in this case using market forces to provide factors that limit gun ownership in society. This can be done at the state level, which can expedite the spread of regulation faster than the federal government, where such legislation be held up by the GOP controlled house.#7.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:20 AM ESTjust me-796948Seriously? This person would not have gone to a friend's house or obtained a weapon elsewhere? What would happen if he bought a weapon illegally off the street? And you want to pass a law that after the fact  makes the school liable for hiring someone who legally purchased a gun. And award a lawsuit that this town's taxpayers will have to cover. You do know schools are not big bank type corporations that make lots of money off customers but are funded by you and me. You might be surprised how many businesses employee someone who is a licensed gun owner or hunter. 100 million dollar insurance policies for them all? Are you a lobbyist for the insurance industry?Besides...it is none of your employees business as to whether or not you are licensed to carry.#7.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:13 AM ESTthegreatsquareNo I do not want to pass a law that would retroactively make the school liable, I want all employers liable from now on. You ask if this person could have gone to a friend to get the gun. I say that if this hypothetical friend faced a tight job market with employers that avoided employing gun owners, the friend wouldn't own the gun to give....it is the free-market solution to lax gun laws.As for whether the question of an employee's status as it concerns gun ownership is the business of business, of course it is. If an employer can make a judgement call on employing someone because they are overweight or they smoke or use drugs or anything that could effect the business ...gun ownership is absolutely the business of business.#7.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:59 AM ESTthegreatsquare^correction: I want all employers to be insured against the liability they open themselves to by employing a gun owner, though actual liability should be determined in a court.#7.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:09 AM ESTRabbit RaiserTwo of the murdered women had their Concealed Carry Permits, how many kids do you think would have been murdered if they had not been disarmed by your beloved gun control? How many children would have died if the murderer was killed before he shot the first child? YOUR BELOVED GUN CONTROL allowed the murderer a SAFE MURDER ZONE.1 vote#7.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:23 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Juan R. Barbeytiathis is so sad, I feel really bad about it but if they don`t let God be in charge of our schools an courts anymore sombody else gonna do it ! please wake up!2 votes#8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:53 AM ESTmozzie-600Juan - if they don`t let God be in charge of our schools an [sic] courts anymore sombody [sic] else gonna do itGod never was in charge of our schools and courts. Have you seen Her lately?1 vote#8.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:26 PM ESTmoonyraker57What exactly has occurred any time, in your life time that makes you think there is a  "GOD" in "CHARGE" OF ANYTHING?No "God" would create this whole scenario, just to watch it go up in smoke!No "God" would create a race of men expecting them to worship and follow "Him", and then create a "demon" who's sole purpose is to distract you from this same "God".These are concepts created by "MEN", in an attempt to explain their existence, and behaviors, at a time when they had no knowledge of the universe.When will you all learn that you cannot explain these events with religion and have it make any kind of sense. If they happen because "god" can't interfere with free will, then this same "freewill" would prevent "god" from ever doing anything!#8.2 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 2:39 PM ESTrealityseeker-3039813More law abiding citizens need to carry concealed weapons for these types of situations to be stopped or minimized.  If guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns.  There needs to be a push for more law abiding citizens to carry.  Many people have it backwards.  Firearms also save lives just like they can take a life.   Just think how much different the situation might have been had someone at the school carried or had quick access to a firearm.  More not less is better.1 vote#9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:09 AM ESTtexastornado55if you are carrying a gun i as an american citizen have a right to know that you are carrying a deadly weapon that you could kill me with. it should be against the law to conceal a deadly weapon. worn in sight just like knives are supposed to be. its illegal to hide knives and they are a bit less deadly than guns.#9.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:31 PM ESTmozzie-600realityseeker - More law abiding citizens need to carry concealed weapons for these types of situations to be stopped or minimized.Children are law-abiding citizens. So you are suggesting that if these five-year-olds had guns, they could have defended their lives. Good idea.1 vote#9.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:31 PM ESTrealityseeker-3039813Criminals don't get concealed weapons licenses. #9.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:36 PM ESThbebeActually, texastornado55, some gun owners would prefer to carry their handguns out in the open.  Our laws don't allow that; they require that the gun be concealed, supposedly to prevent alarming other people. If I ever decide to carry a gun, I personally would be more comfortable carrying concealed as I believe the element of surprise is often invaluable when confronting an armed criminal.  But I think law-abiding folks who who prefer to carry openly should be allowed to do so.#9.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:13 PM ESTrealityseeker-3039813mozzie-600: That is such an ignorant question that I can't believe I'm even responding to it. Of course I'm referring to adult school faculty and not children. Children cannot purchase or be licensed to conceal carry firearms.#9.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:55 PM ESTmozzie-600realityseeker - That is such an ignorant question that I can't believe I'm even  responding to it. Of course I'm referring to adult school faculty and  not children. Children cannot purchase or be licensed to conceal carry  firearms.I guess you didn't feel my pulling your leg, eh? I try not to miss a chance to take a "shot" at the NRA members. I'm not surprised you didn't understand the sarcasm.1 vote#9.6 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 1:00 PM ESThandicappedbybulletI cannot believe the numerous posts I have read that people think you can just go out and get a gun???Where have you been for the last ten-15 years?? Have any of you heard of The Brady Bill? Before the Brady Bill there were laws also, but noone who has mental problems can have a gun legally, you should not be allowed to have a gun if your unstable anyway. KNOW THE BRADY BILL?If not, I suggest you learn more about it. A LAW ABIDING CITIZEN cannot get a gun in one day!!!First, you have to fill out an application this application must go to the local sheriffs office, they run a background check on you. This takes many DAYS and sometimes MONTHS!!!! IN NEW YORK CITY, you can own a handgun, but you must prove you are of high worth, let's say you own a Jewelry store and you have MILLIONS of dollars worth of merchandise, well you are allmost crap out of luck. YES, it can be done> you have to prove you are of high value, once you start the process, it can take up to 5 years!!!! The whole time you are completely at the mercy of NYPD,lol There are plenty of criminals just waiting to put one in your dome and rob you.All across the USA, there is The Brady Bill, you must fill out an application and it's sent to the Sheriffs Office where you get a severe background check through the NCIC(FEDERAL). There are many reasons you can be denied rights to own a gun, including one stipulation where hundreds mayby thousands of GOOD Police Officers were fired on the spot. A 20 year Veteran P.O. with an unblemished record got into a fight with his big brother 25 years earlier and was charged with Domestic Violence, he had to turn in his badge and never could own a gun again, and just think how many bad guys he put away!! You could easily get into an argument with your brother,sister,father,mother,even a girlfriend. There does not have to be any violence involved, simply if the police are called to your house for a domestic disturbance, even yelling>>> You can be charged with Domestic Violence>>>You can never legally own a gun again!!! So COUPLES beware, if you and hubby get a little loud and your neighbor calls the police, you will both be charged with DOMESTIC VIOLENCE. This is one way for our Government to have a POLICE STATE!!!!!!!!!!  If you are lucky you might get a chance to purchase your gun within mayby a week, meanwhile it's to late for the poor girl who went to the police for her x-boyfriend who beat on her all the time, he went through her window that night and killed her. Now, if she had a gun she (might) have had a better chance at staying alive. This happens more times than you think and not just this exact circumstance.It takes forever for a LAW ABIDING CITIZEN to get a gun!!!A CRIMINAL can get a gun in hours,even minutes!!!!! Just use your heads a little bit hear folks, If someone wants to kill someone else, they just drive to the hood flash a hundred dollar bill, either you going to get robbed or your going to get a saturday night special!!! ANYONE can do this!!! If you have the mindset that you are willing to kill and then kill yourself, why would you even be scared to go to the hood,even if you are white? So what if you are white and don't want to go to the hood and get a gun, with todays wacko society, there are plenty of white gangsters and white hoods that you can get a "THROW AWAY" fromPeople who live in the COUNTRY or THE WOODS, should absolutely have the right to own a gun, As far as the city goes, homeowners should be allowed to have a gun to protect their property,their family, and themselves from the millions of criminals out there. JAIL and PRISON does not work...PERIOD, It teaches criminals to be smarter and to have the MOTTO" I'm Never GOING BACK!!!!!!!!!! I'd rather DIE than go back to PRISON. Our country has a very high rate of criminals and you don't have a clue on the ones who have never been caught and many never will. A store owner should be allowed to protect his assets and his livelihood and himself.NO GOD in SCHOOLS, NO PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE??? This is only the beginning of some of the near problems our ONCE great Country is going to have. This stuff is only going to get worse!!!!Parents and children,school boards,school officials,teachers,police,on and on and onNOONE is HELD (TRULY) ACCOUNTABLE!!! Our Society is falling apart slowly, no morals,no ethics,poor parenting,MEDIA treating this scumbag like a celebrity,Movies(SAW),etc.TV(Dexter)etc. Video Games(GTA),where you never die and run around killing everyone,Music(Gangster Rap)Degrades Women,Violence&Murder,DRUGS,AND YES CARTOONS!!!!!!!!!!!!Even my little 5 year old could not grasp the concept that you don't live forever until I talked to him for hours.The SECULAR HUMANISM that's running wild and only getting worse as the years progress. There is GOOD and EVIL throughout the world!!!! The problem I notice is that our children and the younger generation and even adults gather in STADIUMS to worship OTHERS FOOTBALL,BASEBALL,FAKE WRESTLING,BOXING, someones voice(and many of them you can't even understand) AND YOU GO TO A CHURCH AND THERES MAYBY 20 CARS THERE AND MANY PEOPLE GO THERE TO JUST DRESS NICE.  we as a society have fallen away from the constitution,we've fallen away from what's just and right,our morrals have collapsed, to many people are worried about themselves and the allmighty dollar and could care less about their fellow man. We have no Compassion,Ambition, and our moral fibers are fraying to the point where they will soon break. Civil Rights are no longer equal, people want to be superior no matter the ethnicity.This ONCE Great Nation was founded on Principals that no longer exist.It's no longer IN GOD WE TRUST3 votes#10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:14 AM ESTMary Ann MelvilleIf only it was that difficult to legally get a gun everywhere....Unfortunately, current federal law requires criminal background checks only for guns sold through licensed firearm dealers, which account for just 60% of all gun sales in the United States. A loophole in the law allows individuals not engaged in the business of selling firearms to sell guns without a licenseand without processing any paperwork. That means that two out of every five guns sold in the United States change hands without a background check. And when it's more difficult to obtain guns legally, it will be more difficult to obtain guns illegally.  #10.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:28 AM ESTVin1112DeletedSue Jones-422808I live in AZ and there is an auction right down the road where ANYONE can purchase numerous weapons...mentally ill or not.#10.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:29 AM ESTJob Fan"It's no longer IN GOD WE TRUST"Because trusting God to protect these children really worked. What kind of God lets these things happen?Furthermore....based on the concept of an omnipresent and omnipotent God why were these kids not spared?And...if everything happens for a reason that this was part of Gods plan.I can not worship a God that allows something like this to happen.1 vote#10.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:05 PM ESTrealityseeker-3039813No matter what the story is there is always an atheist out their trying to destroy the belief in God.  God gave us free will otherwise we would be nothing more than puppets.  Humans can choose between good and evil.  This shooter took the choice of evil.  1 vote#10.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:53 PM ESTtexastornado55God,Guns, and Guts keep america free.....#10.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:38 PM ESTtexastornado55God didn't supply the crook with a gun. his mother did...#10.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:39 PM ESTCalvinOR@realityseekerWe can only state our case. Whether you choose reason or superstition is up to you.Ethics is a human issue.#10.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:03 PM ESTmoonyraker57Disabled-------------BULL-S--t! periodA mere charge of D.V. will not prevent you from ever owning a gun, check your facts before you post!The only citizens who cannot, absolutely legally own a handgun, and I stress  handgun, are those with a verifiable FELONY conviction! I have a felony conviction, and I can buy a mail-order black powder pistol, or rifle in kit form, put it together, and fire away to my heart's content. I was @ Wall Drug in South Dakota in 2009, where they have a very nice selection of black powder handguns, and I could have walked out of there with one of them that very day. I am also able to apply for, and obtain the right to purchase and own a hunting rifle. The restrictions on criminal ownership are not nearly as stringent as you would have people believe my friend.#10.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:47 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices handicappedbybulletIt seems that most of these shootings have occured by problem kids. So there needs to be something started that if another bstudent hears anything out of the ordinary, he should tell someone. If these children have a record of being troubled, they should be monitored a little better, staff or a counselor should send a note home to the kids parents explaining to them that they will be held accountable if their child obtains their parents gun to destroy families lives.It's obvious we have problems here, so let's try and fix the problems in reasonable ways. Trying to ban GUNS well, this won't work. If there is a new program that's started to get the staff and counselors to be able to see the signs and to implement good stategies to help prevent this from happening in the future. We have to start somewhere. Theres no way you can stop all school shooting, but if at least some are dettered it sounds like a good start.Theres a big problem with parents who don't care, who are uneducated and not just gun stupid!! These parents need to learn or know that if their child does this, they will be held accountable in some way. Now there are always no clear cut 100% way of going about doing this, but it's time parents are held at least somewhat responsible. If the parent knows they can serve ten years or way more(JUST EXAMPLE) for their child to massacre others, I bet there will be many parents who either get rid of their guns or put them in a super safe. Now, if the child blows the safes door off with dynamite, well then mayby the parents should not be held liable. It's a few ideas, this is what it's going to take for at least a little bit of other parents piece to send their child to school. People need to come together and really think hard of many different ways to help to prevent this from happening over and over.#11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:40 AM ESTwarrrenHeart breaking scene of someone having to tell a mother her child is dead. I hope they have plenty of sedatives to hand out for everyone.1 vote#12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:44 AM ESTTN Mom & TeacherI think the question should be "What is a mom who teaches kindergarten for a living doing with three legally obtained weapons in her home and obviously accessible to others, grown children or not.Parenting is at the core of all these shootings.Ignoring signs of instability is at the core of these shootings.Knowing the signs, ignoring the signs, in denial of the signs, whatever you want to call it LACK OF PROPER PARENTING is happening.  Teachers are also ignoring serious signs or are unable to do anything. Being a teacher I see so many teachers IGNORE serious issues with students because they do not want to get involved or they are NOT BACKED UP and they feel it is useless or they know the parents and it is a difficult situation or parents just refuse to accept it. No excuse I know!I see way too many parents just not putting a priority on parenting!IT IS YOUR NUMBER ONE JOB PARENTS PLEASE TAKE IT SERIOUSLY!!Sorry for venting but the tears just cant stop for these poor innocent children!!!It is so horrific for all involved, for my profession and for our country! God help us all!#13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:02 AM ESTJob FanI think the question should be "What is a mom who teaches kindergarten for a living doing with three legally obtained weapons in her home and obviously accessible to others, grown children or not.Because it is her right as an American#13.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:10 PM ESTAvailbetweenNCWe will never be truly safe until we take care of our own. ALL of them.  There is no understanding after these things happen, only rage and pain.  What made this person do this? That's where we need to guard ourselves.  Anyone that thinks armed guards at schools will protect us is friggin  nuts. The more our children see real guns in public, the mo0re they will  think about using one. Period. The violence we've seen these last few  years is about gun ownership skyrocketing, and you'd better believe that  statement peeves some folks. Who needs guns? No one. Not one person  needs one. Who needs food? Healthcare? Who needs a mom? A dad? Who needs  an education? A calling? A job that doesn't suck? A life that doesn't  suck? Those are the questions we should be asking, not how can we better  arm people close to our children. Let's not make it a challenge. Then  the mentally ill will come out of the woodwork.#14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:05 AM ESTJob FanPlenty of people still need guns for (a) protection (b) many people I know happen to grow and hunt thier own food. I have one friend who spends very little money at the grocery store outside of paper goods.#14.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:13 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices LeNguyenShould A 6th-grade teacher assign students a report about this shooting?First of all, my heart would go to all the victims' families.My niece is a 6th-grade student in a public school in Orange County, California.  Today, she went home and was also not happy about the Connecticut shooting, but also she was so uncomfortable about her English teacher assign her class to write down "why do you think this person did this? and what would happen if this was to happen at your school? The teacher thought the incident was like bullying."  My niece told me she felt uncomfortable to write this report, but she was so affraid that if she didn't do it, she would get bad grade.  I was so shocked and furious when I heard she told me this.  I called and left a mesage to her teacher and also was on phone with the Assistant Principal.  The Assistant Principal told me he would take a look at this issue.  What should I tell my niece?  Should she have to write it or wait till Monday?  If you were her parent, what would you instruct her?Thank you#15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:48 AM ESTtxrosiI think I would sit down with her and discuss how it makes her feel and help her write her report.  Talking about how you feel about something is a lot more healing than keeping it all bottled up inside and letting it fester because you think nobody wants to hear you whine. I do agree that it is too soon. She needs some time to get her feelings sorted out.  Right now she is probably too shocked and confused to think straight, but I would sit down with her and have an earnest talk anyway.#15.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:14 AM ESTJob FanDo your work regardless of how you feel about it .....it is life and its not always pretty. The quicker they realize this the better prepared for life they are!I have a fourth & sixth grade daughter and do not have an issue with an assignment that allows for this type of reflection.#15.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:16 PM ESTdamon-1415903His mother was "dead" wrong for not having her guns under lock and key around that potato head.#16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:46 AM ESTJob Fanaggreed!#16.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:17 PM ESTGina -1045483And how do you know the mother didn't have the guns under lock and key?  Were you there?  Remember the son killed her there and mutilated her.  He probably killed her while she was trying to keep him from getting the guns.  My guns are loaded all the time here and not locked up.  If a bear were to come in the door here in the woods, what good would that locked up gun do me?  NO GOOD.  But in her case in the city or town or village, I bet you anything those guns were locked up.  And he found the key. #16.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:19 PM ESTBill H.-309043Its too bad that these kids and adults had to die. But that is the price we pay as a society to have the freedom to have guns, lots of guns. Same with freedom of speech. You have to suffer somebody saying stuff you do not want to hear.But, you get to turn off the radio, change the channel, walk away, or otherwise not listen. How do you turn off a bullet once its been fired?So, folks stop being sentimental about all this. We are talking freedom here. If some have to die for it, then so beit. Its worth the cost is it not? Just think about all the folks who would die if we did not have guns. We would be at the mercy of the federal government, the state, the police, not to mention the criminals. We all know we cannot stand for that!1 vote#17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:00 AM ESTjupiter-1088038I hope all those people who own guns not to do crazy things because the more shootings there are, the more likely people will request something need to be done and more excuse to the government to remove all the guns.1 vote#17.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:10 AM ESTVetInVASo you think it's okay for other people's children to die in order to allow you to own your guns.  Awesome.  If your own children died in an incident like this, you'd be okay with that, right? Your own family members dying in gun-related violence would be perfectly acceptable as long as you were able to arm yourself?#17.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:03 AM EST2012awesomeMorons like these likely don't bother with dating/marriage/children.  At least I hope they don't.#17.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:26 PM ESTPapill0nGun control seems to be the topic? Try a lil compassion and respect for the lives lost and their families. Problem is not gun control but getting a handle on this generation that has no respect for life. This is a violent society we have become, take a few minutes and read some of the comments and trash talking on the social networks and maybe you'll come to realize just how bad it has become.4 votes#18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:09 AM ESTJob FanThis is a great point....think about it, as a society we seem to value the life of an animal over that of a human. If a dog is shot in a movie thier is an out cry but, 100 people could be shot and its not an issue. If we only valued a human life like a dogs.#18.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:21 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Shirley HernandezIt is sad that so much is hapennig. We should pray for all them family that lost there children so God gives them the strength that all of the family need.#19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:12 AM EST-godWhy would god do that? He let their kids be killed.#19.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:45 AM ESTalexpincaWe are not short of unmitigated disasters that we can point to and ask "why would God let this happen".  A few years ago, a quarter of million people were killed by by a Tsunami...where was God then?  The same place he has always been...true to his Word of "Free Will"... you can not have joy without sorrow. #19.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:34 AM ESTlgccacInstead of trying to take guns away from Americans, it seems to me this is justification for even more law-abiding citizens to arm themselves.How many lives could have been saved yesterday if each of the law-abiding adults in that school had been armed and trained in the use of their firearm?1 vote#20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:20 AM EST-godThe best thing you can do with your guns right now is shove them up your ass.You don't have a clue what a firefight is like, kid. Grow up. Life isn't TV.2 votes#20.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:42 AM ESTtxrosiThat was my thought exactly.  If I ever hear gunshots from the school across the street from my house, me and Mr Ruger are gonna go over there and put a quick stop to the bull $hi7.  Croooks, Creeps and Crazies will be the only ones who have guns when the anti gun nuts get through.  It's pretty common knowledge that the guy(s) who bust into my house in the middle of the night will be carried back out.  There are places in the world where law abiding citizens are required to have guns and be trained in their use.  Needless to say, their crime rates are much lower than ours.  No, I don't remember exactly which countries, cities or states they are, but I remember reading about them.#20.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:51 AM EST-godYes, tx, you're a real man, a macho man, a boasting braggart with balls of steel!You're also full of sh!t.LOL!!! How old are you? Five?2 votes#20.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:56 AM ESTtxrosiNo, a$$hole,  I'm 65 with 28 years of military training behind me and have more balls than most of the men in this country.  I don't take no $hit off nobody and anybody who knows me will tell you so.  I'll shoot some dangerous SOB in a heart beat to save innocent lives.  Would you? or would you be hiding under a desk crying "Please don't hurt me"? There are some of us in this country who are NOT craven cowards. One of the places I mentioned in my last post in Kennesaw GA.  They have the lowest crime rate in the US.Oh, and BTW, I am not male and you AIN'T God2 votes#20.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:06 AM EST-godOK, so you're a real woman, an old woman, a macho woman, a boasting braggart with boobs of steel and penis envy.I stand corrected.And you're still full of sh!t.3 votes#20.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:13 AM ESTtxrosiphuccyu.  I can get penis anytime I want it and you are stuck with what Ma Nature gave you. You, sir are an a$$. The more you post, the more you prove it.  I bet you beat your wife just to show her who's the boss. My gun is strictly to defend me against guys like you.  They don't call me a little badger for nothing.  Ever tangle with a badger??1 vote#20.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:24 AM EST-godThey don't call me a little badger for nothing.They got tired of calling you a little beaver? If you were a man they'd be calling you a little dick.I imagine those gun barrels make pretty good dildos, huh?I was airborne for 6 years, did 2 combat tours (envious much?) and I knew guys like you. They were usually the first to get killed.2 votes#20.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:48 AM ESTrealityseeker-3039813-god:  You are a liar!  The only thing I think was airborne is your head and it still is.  You sound like a little name calling brat who got showed up by the lady.  As for your response to lgccac.  It would'nt have been a fire fight if someone who was armed had put a bullet in that mental case before things got out of hand?1 vote#20.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:20 PM ESTRabbit RaiserConsidering that two of the adults killed had their CCW, but were diarmed by the gun control laws, it would have probably been over before the bastard even saw a child.@-god, Those who advance towards the enemy are called heroes, those who condemn them are usually cowards. I served 12 years, and have also run towards the shot in the civilian world. But you go ahead and forget your oath to defend the Constitution and find a big rock to cower behind.#20.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:39 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices owencoffinOh yes, obviously more guns is the answer.Go buy more guns. More guns. More guns.Buy guns now.GoBuyMake sure you watch Fox News all day.Listen to Glenn Beck.He has the real truth.Buy guns now.1 vote#21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:32 AM ESTcharlie-295522... and when we measure our gun law effectiveness by dead children's bodies, make sure you preempt anti gun rhetoric with the old "guns don't kill" mantra. people just keeeeep believing that one. Or maybe the old "if a caterpillar bulldozer ran into a school and killed children would you outlaw them"? Funny the spate of Caterpillar killings that have taken out schools and malls and politicians and musicians and theater goers and college students. It's so obvious that more guns will solve the problem.... oh yeah - let's just add some "Mexican drug smuggler" blurbs.#21.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:56 AM ESTRabbit RaiserMore guns has been working well, since in 1980 there were begtween 100,000 and 150,000 CCW holders, and the murder rate was OVER 10 per 100,000, 150% higher than the 4 per 100,000 we have now, with about 5.5 MILLION CCW holders across the country.But go ahead and push your gun control, and think about the two adults who were killed who had their CCWs, and were disarmed to die by your beloved gun control laws. And think about all the children who died after those two adults, who could have stopped it if not for your beloved gun control laws.#21.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:46 PM ESTXbonzTroll.#21.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:16 PM ESTFloridaguy-1203070In Israel and S. Africa, teachers are armed and this kind of thing doesn't happen.1 vote#22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:34 AM ESTSpartan117South Africa also has the second highest murder rate in the world, and one of the highest rates of rape.  Yes, by all means, let's model ourselves after them.2 votes#22.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:27 AM ESTRabbit RaiserYou're right Spartan117, we should not model ourselves after South Africa, not matter how many claim that limiting guns to the government is what we should do here in the US. The only reason teachers in South Africa have guns is because they are part of the government.#22.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:51 PM ESTCanadian JackShould the media censor itself? Most who read and hear what the media puts out about mass murder are not going to go out and repeat what they see and read. But some of us who are exposed to it are insane and those that are  finally learn from the media how to  become famous. So they go out and kill innocent children. Freedom to print the story of what madness has accomplished is how insane people learn. What freedom should be sacrificed to save the lives of innocent innocent children? The right to bear arms or the right to free speech?#23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:39 AM ESTowencoffinOh yes, obviously more guns is the answer.Go buy more guns. More guns. More guns.Be afraid.Buy guns now.PrayBe very afraid.GoBuyMake sure you watch Fox News all day.Be terrified.Listen to Glenn Beck, he has the real truth.Buy guns now.  Pray. Be afraid.Buy guns now.Buy 100 round magazines, lots of them.PrayBe afraidBuy guns1 vote#24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:40 AM ESTDonna-2753967I'd like to post a statement made by a parent of the Columbine school shooting, this statement was made during a special session of Congress.COLUMBINE STUDENT'S FATHER  12 YEARS LATER !!Guess our national leaders didn't expect this. On  Thursday, Darrell Scott, the father of Rachel Scott, a victim of the Columbine  High School shootings in Littleton, Colorado, was invited to address the House  Judiciary Committee's subcommittee. What he said to our national leaders during  this special session of Congress was painfully truthful.They were not  prepared for what he was to say, nor was it received well. It needs to be heard  by every parent, every teacher, every politician, every sociologist, every  psychologist, and every so-called expert! These courageous words spoken by  Darrell Scott are powerful, penetrating, and deeply personal. There is no doubt  that God sent this man as a voice crying in the wilderness.. The following is a  portion of the transcript:"Since the dawn of creation there has been both  good & evil in the hearts of men and women. We all contain the seeds of  kindness or the seeds of violence. The death of my wonderful daughter, Rachel  Joy Scott, and the deaths of that heroic teacher, and the other eleven children  who died must not be in vain. Their blood cries out for  answers."The first recorded act of violence was when Cain  slew his brother Abel out in the field. The villain was not the club he used..  Neither was it the NCA, the National Club Association. The true killer was Cain,  and the reason for the murder could only be found in Cain's heart."In the  days that followed the Columbine tragedy, I was amazed at how quickly fingers  began to be pointed at groups such as the NRA. I am not a member of the NRA. I  am not a hunter. I do not even own a gun. I am not here to represent or defend  the NRA - because I don't believe that they are responsible for my daughter's  death. Therefore I do not believe that they need to be defended. If I believed  they had anything to do with Rachel's murder I would be their strongest  opponentI am here today to declare that Columbine was not just a tragedy --  it was a spiritual event that should be forcing us to look at where the real  blame lies! Much of the blame lies here in this room. Much of the blame lies  behind the pointing fingers of the accusers themselves. I wrote a poem just four  nights ago that expresses my feelings best.Your laws ignore our deepest needs,Your words are empty   air.You've stripped away our heritage,You've outlawed simple   prayer.Now gunshots fill our classrooms,And precious children   die.You seek for answers everywhere,And ask the question "Why?"You   regulate restrictive laws,Through legislative creed.And yet you fail   to understand,That God is what we need!Men and women are three-part beings. We all consist of body, mind, and   spirit. When we refuse to acknowledge a third part of our make-up, we create a   void that allows evil, prejudice, and hatred to rush in and wreak havoc.   Spiritual presences were present within our educational systems for most of   our nation's history. Many of our major colleges began as theological   seminaries. This is a historical fact. What has happened to us as a nation? We   have refused to honor God, and in so doing, we open the doors to hatred and   violence. And when something as terrible as Columbine's tragedy occurs --   politicians immediately look for a scapegoat such as the NRA. They immediately   seek to pass more restrictive laws that contribute to erode away our personal   and private liberties. We do not need more restrictive laws. Eric and Dylan   would not have been stopped by metal detectors. No amount of gun laws can stop   someone who spends monthsplanning this type of massacre. The real villain   lies within our own hearts."As my son Craig lay under that table in the school library and saw his   two friends murdered before his very eyes, he did not hesitate to pray in   school. I defy any law or politician to deny him that right! I challenge every   young person in America , and around the world, to realize that on April 20,   1999, at Columbine High School prayer was brought back to our schools. Do not   let the many prayers offered by those students be in vain. Dare to move into   the new millennium with a sacred disregard for legislation that violates your   God-given right to communicate with Him. To those of you who would point your   finger at the NRA -- I give to you a sincere challenge.. Dare to examine your   own heart before casting the first stone!My daughter's death will not be   in vain! The young people of this country will not allow that to   happen!"Darrell ScottDo what the media did not - - let the nation hear this   man's speech. Please send this out to everyone you can.God   Bless#24.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:29 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Beer MugOne day in and every headline on MSNBC is spinning this tragedy toward some sort of gun ban. Listen up all you naive city-slickers who have never handled firearms: You are not going to abrogate the rights of hundreds of millions of Americans because of a few incidents like this where a mentally ill person uses a gun to kill innocent people. I grew up using guns to hunt and protection (mostly against bears and large wild animals). If you live out in a rural area, you might have to wait 20 or 30 minutes or more for law enforcement to show up in case of a robbery, home invasion, rapist, etc. My point is that guns are used for legitimate purposes by large segments of the citizenry every day.1 vote#25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:43 AM EST-godListen up all you naive city-slickers who have never handled firearms:What about all of us jaded, ex-airborne gun owners, dipsh!t?You think there are only two kinds of people in the world... red-blooded American Patriots who love guns or commie libs who loathe and fear them. You're an ass hole without a clue.You're also too stupid to own a gun. The world isn't black and white, and if you can't think clearly enough to realize that, you can't be a responsible gun owner.4 votes#25.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:51 AM ESTDan-312359Like what you say!! The problem is not the gun it is the person who has problems with what they can do they anti gun people should stop Hollywood from making the violent movies that imprsss the nuts..#25.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:51 AM ESTsilverback929god is a troll...#25.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:00 AM EST-godI speak the truth, little one.#25.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:22 AM ESTJob FanThis would have not happened in a city the same way because city schools at least in most you will find metal detectors at the entrance that all people have to go through.#25.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:27 PM ESTJob FanNot to mention security and armed school resource officers.#25.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:28 PM ESTUrbnPrsnI am a city slicker, living in the city limits of a large city. I have handled and shot rifles in my life, for protection against grizzly bears primarily.  That is a purpose for which I would support owning a rifle.  I support bans on assualt weapons and large ammo clips because those types of weapons belong only in the military, the only use they have is for mass killing.  There has been zero situations where an armed citizen has saved anyone from one of these mass murderer. It does not happen, ever. Only the police are effective at stopping single shooters.  #25.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:29 PM ESTJob FanWhite suburban America likes to think that gun violence only happnes in the inner city1 vote#25.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:29 PM ESTJob FanYes...you are right an armed citizen has not stopped one school shooting you know why.....gun control, as a school is one of the places you can not carry your firearm.2 votes#25.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:36 PM ESTwheresjesusYes...you are right an armed citizen has not stopped one school shooting you know why.....gun control, as a school is one of the places you can not carry your firearm.Its nice to see someone gets it.2 votes#25.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:24 PM ESThistoryfreak1My daughter is in fifth grade and has been watching this story closely.   She thinks the best plan is to increase security on the school premises  by adding gates with entry codes or with a security guard, and I agree.   This is a solution that can be implemented without the delay of legal  debate.  Our children are precious and every community should take  action to protect school campuses.  A security gate with a guard creates  an obstacle for an intruder and provides a short window for leaders in  the school to secure the school quickly.  HOUSTON, TX.#25.11 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 12:00 PM ESTJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  15Leave a Comment:Name: Email Address (will be verified, but never shown): You're in Easy Mode. If you prefer, you can use XHTML Mode instead.You're in XHTML Mode. If you prefer, you can use Easy Mode instead.(XHTML tags allowed - a,b,blockquote,br,code,dd,dl,dt,del,em,h2,h3,h4,i,ins,li,ol,p,pre,q,strong,ul)Post to my Facebook WallNewsvine Privacy StatementAs a new user, you may notice a few temporary content restrictions. Click here for more info.Most popular postsolder5daysagoCalif. man charged for having 145 pounds of explosivesnewer4daysagoElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter Most popular posts512Family: Newtown boy's favorite teacher died cradling him in her arms24hoursago555Lone survivor in Connecticut classroom: 'Mommy, I'm OK, but all of my friends are dead'2daysago1052Very heavily armed gunman shot mother multiple times before killing 26 at Connecticut school, police say3daysago1279Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say4daysago879Authorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacre5daysagoBrowsefeatured, crime, military, weather, environment, california, florida, shooting, education, us-news, new-york, gulf-oil-spill, texas, kari-huus, police, chicago, trayvon-martin, obama, afghanistan, sandy, los-angeles, murder, new-jersey, politics, barack-obama, george-zimmerman, colorado, gay, religion, school, hurricane, decision-2012, arizona, penn-state, veteransAlsoAdvertise | AdChoices Archives2012December (308)November (460)October (477)September (432)August (525)July (519)June (508)May (566)April (538)March (576)February (471)January (417)2011December (455)November (190)October (9)September (3)August (51)July (8)June (3)May (12)April (5)March (3)February (1)January (8)2010December (5)November (1)October (2)September (28)August (40)July (35)June (177)May (50)April (9)March (2)February (2)January (4)2009December (5)November (5)October (2)September (11)August (4)July (12)June (1)May (1)April (1)March (3)February (3)January (2)2008December (3)November (2)October (6)September (30)August (26)July (10)June (4)May (8)April (13)March (9)February (7)January (6)2007December (10)November (6)October (22)September (11)Most CommentedElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter  (11329)EXCLUSIVE: Susan Rice drops out of running for secretary of state, cites 'very politicized' confirmation process (1970)Same-sex wife of Army officer banned from joining Fort Bragg spouses club (2300)Fierce debate after Newtown school shootings: Where was God? (2038)Hillary Clinton recovering after fainting, suffering a concussion (2308)Mom of suspected school shooter -- first to die -- was avid gun enthusiast, friend says (1662)Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say (1279)Other blogsThe Body OddCosmic LogRed Tape ChroniclesPhotoBlogGadgetboxTechnologUS NewsOpen ChannelInGame top stories3147,10 2012 NBCNews.comUS news on NBCNews.com About usContactHelpSite mapCareersClosed captioningTerms & ConditionsPrivacy policyAdvertise