Police: Second person injured in Connecticut school shooting survived - U.S. NewsMSNHotmailMoreAutosMy MSNVideoCareers & JobsPersonalsWeatherDelishQuotesWhite PagesGamesReal EstateWonderwallHoroscopesShoppingYellow PagesLocal EditionTrafficFeedbackMaps & DirectionsTravelFull MSN IndexBing NBCNews.comsites & shows:TODAYNightly NewsRock CenterMeet the PressDatelinemsnbcBreaking NewsEveryBlockNewsvineHomeUSWorldPoliticsBusinessSportsEntertainmentHealthTech & scienceTravelLocalWeatherAdvertise | AdChoices Recommended: 'Light amidst the darkness': Heroic teacher Victoria Soto rememberedRecommended: School abuse victim wins record $23 million in damagesRecommended: Cops: Fla. after-school basketball coach tried to get teen into porn videosRecommended: Craigslist case: Calif. couple shot while trying to sell iPhoneNBC News reporters bring you compelling stories from across the nation. For more U.S. news, follow us on Twitter and Facebook.  About this blog Archives E-mail updates Follow on Twitter Subscribe to RSS344commentsPrint2daysagoPolice: Second person injured in Connecticut school shooting survivedConnecticut state police spokesman Lt. Paul Vance provides an update on the investigation of the Sandy Hook Elementary shooting, telling reporters that two adult survivors who suffered gunshot wounds at the school are recovering. By M. Alex Johnson and Becky Bratu, NBC NewsUpdated at 1:38 p.m. ET: Police said Monday that two adults were injured but survived the shootings at Sandy Hook  Elementary School in Connecticutand will be interviewed as soon as they're well enough to answer questions.Follow @NBCNewsUSConnecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance confirmed that a second adult was injured and survived, saying both were wounded in the "lower extremities."Initial reports last week suggested that only one person had been injured and survived.In the meantime, authorities were interviewing other witnesses and analyzing the evidence found at the school and the shooter's home. Among the physical evidence was a computer believed to belong to the gunman that had been heavily damaged.Advertise | AdChoices There are many, many witnesses, Vance said Monday, promising that any interviews with children would be handled "extremely delicately."Authorities say Adam Lanza, 20, shot  his mother in the head multiple times Friday at their home in Newtown, Conn., before heading to the school, where he fired hundreds of rounds and died with  hundreds more at his disposal. He killed 20 children and six women at the school, they said.At a news conference in Hartford, the state capital,Gov. Dan Malloy called for a statewide moment of silence and for churches to ring their bells on Friday precisely one week after the shootings.Newtown begins burying 'little souls' lost in school slaughterAn explanation still hasn't emerged for why Lanza killed  the 26 people at Sandy Hook.Malloy appeared to open a  window for speculation when he told NBC News on Sunday that Lanza attended Sandy Hook as a youngster. But Vance said Monday that police had discovered no connection between Lanza and the school. Earlier reports that his  mother, Nancy, may have taught there also haven't borne out.The children  12 girls and eight boys, all of  them 6 or 7 years old  were shot as many as 11 times, authorities said. It appeared that Lanza had enough weapons and ammunition with him to have killed many more.Obama reassures Newtown 'you are not alone' at vigil for victims of Connecticut school shootingsIn addition toan assault-style rifle and at least two handguns, he also had a shotgun in reserve in the car he drove to the school.And when he was found, Lanza still had hundreds of rounds of ammunition in multiple magazines, after having already fired hundreds of rounds inside the school, where he killed himself with a gunshot to the head as emergency crews arrived.Police said they were analyzing his the weaponry and checking out local gun ranges to learn whether he had ever been spotted at one of them.Advertise | AdChoices Investigators had had high hopes that they could learn more from Lanza's computer, which was found at the home he shared with his mother. But law enforcement sources told NBC News' Pete Williams on Monday that the computer was heavily damaged and that its hard drive had been removed.Conn. shooting suspect Adam Lanza's father: 'We too are asking why'Police said Monday that they had had no previous contact with Lanza, and officials atWestern Connecticut State University in Danbury  where Lanza enrolled at about 16 in 2008  said there was never any indication of trouble.Malloy declined to say whether any documented evidence had been uncovered that Lanza might have been mentally disturbed.But he said there were indications that Lanza had had a deeply troubled childhood.Lanza's parents were divorced, and he lived with his mother, who home-schooled him for part of his childhood, Malloy said.Connecticut school shooter was 'very nervous around people'"He never seemed to be a good  fit," Malloy said. "It was a very difficult time for him and his mother."Investigators have resolutely refused to go into detail about the timing of events Friday  during official briefings. But investigators have told NBC News that Lanza  first killed his mother, an avid gun enthusiast, with her own gun and then took multiple weapons with him as he drove to the school in her car.To  bypass security, Lanza smashed in a window, they said. He shot and  killed Principal Dawn Hochsprung, 47, and Mary Sherlach, 56, a school  psychologist, before proceeding to a classroom, where he found the door  locked.So he moved on to a second classroom, where he killed  everyone he found, before doing the same in a third classroom,  investigators believe. He then shot himself.Watch US News crime videos on NBCNews.comAlthough  he was carrying three weapons, he used only one of them in all of the  school killings  a Bushmaster .223-caliber assault-style rifle similar  to the one used by the snipers who terrorized the Washington, D.C., area  in 2002. It was purchased legally, they said. He used one of the  handguns to kill himself.Advertise | AdChoices Authorities haven't said how Nancy Lanza stored the weapons.Chief Justice Correspondent Pete Williams and Isolde Raftery of NBC Newscontributed to this report.More content from NBCNews.com: Conn. school victims all shot multiple times, chief medical officer  saysMom of suspected school shooter was avid gun enthusiast, friend  saysNewtown mourns: Candlelight vigils, Beanie Babies and a lot of  tearsVictims: Daring principal, fun-loving teacher, 6-year-old twin  brotherLives saved by teachers,  custodian and even kidsFollow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and FacebookExplore related topics: connecticut, shooting, school, sandy, hook, connecticut-school-shootingolder2daysagoSnow storms forecast for parts of New England, Northwestnewer2daysagoUmbrella, not gun, prompts Pennsylvania high school lockdownDiscuss this postJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  5sea2see Comment collapsed by the communityMarsha  Lanza, Nancy Lanza's sister-in-law and Adam Lanza's aunt, said there  was a good reason for a divorced woman who grew up with guns to have them in the house: self-defense.Didn't work out that way did it?48 votes#1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:13 AM ESTPigotry Comment collapsed by the communityLive by the sword...???Die by the sword...!!!!...in the case of nancy Lanza15 votes#1.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:14 AM ESTEngEsqTwo handguns, an assault rifle and a shotgun (at least) for self defense?  And clearly not locked up.  If only the psycho who did this had shot himself immediately after killing his mom...41 votes#1.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:20 AM ESTalan_staticBan prozac9 votes#1.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:32 AM ESTIA.ScooterTramp  And clearly not locked up. And you KNOW this ...how exactly? If only the psycho who did this had shot himself immediately after killing his mom...before killing his mom works better for me...32 votes#1.4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:33 AM ESTcgtravWe are assuming they weren't locked up.   Perhaps they were?  Her son had plenty of time, years, to figure out where mom had the key or combo.14 votes#1.5 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:35 AM ESTHopeyChangeyFeelyUnfortunately, the government cannot regulate the use of common sense.A single hand gun for protection is (arguably) justifiable - an arsenal of weapons is not.  Completely excessive.  Teaching someone with a history of mental issues how to properly use a gun is utterly irresponsible.However, we as a society have moved away from the concept of "personal accountability", in favor of looking for scapegoats and strawmen to blame.51 votes#1.6 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:42 AM ESTdirpHopey: no, but what can be done is the correction of the historical error known as the 2nd Amendment.How many children have to die before we correct this error ?26 votes#1.7 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:44 AM ESTEngEsqAnd you KNOW this ...how exactly?Because had they been locked up properly he wouldn't have had access to them. Her son had plenty of time, years, to figure out where mom had the key or combo.A four digit combination has 10,000 permutations.  If the mom didn't realize he was trying to figure out the combination she is blind.   If you have a gun then it is your responsibility that access is restricted to yourself.before killing his mom works better for me...I have very little sympathy for someone that irresponsible.19 votes#1.8 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:46 AM ESTbabs107who the hell needs an assault style semi automatic rifle for self defense, I don't buy that bull***t!41 votes#1.9 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:47 AM ESTGreatlyEntitledTechnically speaking, anyone can possess some time of firearm when it comes to worrying about possible home invasion or self protection/self defense.  What about using a taser? In regards to mace, there is more convenient access at a local grocery store for... bee/wasp spray (which has the same effects as mace).To the victims and their families... treasure every moment that was shared for it is priceless.To the survivors that are recovering... take a deep breath... One day at a time.7 votes#1.10 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:01 AM ESTHopeyChangeyFeely@dirp: That's a bit extreme.  A gun didn't float around in the air, automatically going off by itself. Someone was behind it.  When a drunk driver kills someone, no one ever blames the car - we rightfully blame the irresponsible person who was behind the wheel.  Why this line of thought doesn't translate to gun-related violence, I don't know.I do agree that things will have to change - but your views are way too extreme.17 votes#1.11 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:04 AM ESTAnilofIf we're going to correct the historical error of the 2nd amendment error, then we need to correct the historical error of the 1st amendment too.  If it weren't for the violent movies and video games that are protected under the guise of freedom of speech and the fact of media reporting these events giving ideas to other crazies....Probably should remove the stupidity of due process as well so we could've just locked his crazy @ss up before any of this even happened.10 votes#1.12 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:06 AM ESTCTwildheartdirp...I WANT the 2nd amendment to stand.  It is NOT an error.  BUT, I agree, one handgun is sufficient - an arsenal is not needed, nor should it be.15 votes#1.13 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:06 AM ESTalan_staticWow you guys and gals want to rid the constitution of the First and the Second amendment. Pol Pot, Hitler, and Chairman Mao would be proud!15 votes#1.14 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:09 AM ESTRyan-1773892When are idiots going to stop using the comparison of "cars being used in accidents" to "guns being used in shootings".CARS have a purpose other than killing people.44 votes#1.15 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:19 AM ESTHeather Perkinsvia FacebookThe 2nd Amendment says:  A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.  Is it just me, or does anyone else see the words "WELL REGULATED".38 votes#1.16 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:22 AM ESTalan_staticWhat is more clear than 'the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed?"11 votes#1.17 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:27 AM ESTHopeyChangeyFeely@Ryan-1773892So essentially your argument hinges on the intended primary use of the object?  That makes absolutely no sense.  Let's blame the color of the car as well.In the end, vehicular homicides and gun-related homicides end in the same outcome: loss of life.  At that point, the intended use of the object is completely irrelevant, and hence, goes your argument.11 votes#1.18 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:28 AM ESTAnilofI was being sarcastic about abolishing the 1st amendment and due process; however, abolishing amendments or changing laws regarding them appears to be a common theme on how to stop a deranged madman from killing many people regardless of historical evidence to the contrary.4 votes#1.19 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:35 AM ESTCharle7834The 2nd Amendment says:  A well regulated Militia, being necessary to  the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear  Arms, shall not be infringed.Doesn't every municipality already have a police force? Doesn't every state have State Police and National Guard?  Doesn't the United States of America have an army? The Marines? I'd say they are the well regulated militia. This isn't the 18th century and Minutemen are no longer necessary.23 votes#1.20 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:00 PM ESTpiglizard420alan_static"What is more clear than 'the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed?"You can't just use the parts of the Constitution you wish to use to support your insupportable position. The right to bears is only guaranteed when in association with a "well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state." This clearly does not allow everyone to own weapons but only allows for the protection of the nation.18 votes#1.21 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:22 PM ESTRI MomI'm posting here because the N R A  shut down their communication sites:A 20 year old, shot his mother, at home, and then invaded Sandy Hook Elementary School, where he killed 20 first-graders and six adults, firing 30-round clips from a .223 Bushmaster semiautomatic rifle before taking his own life.How many bullets?"Hundreds," Connecticut State Police Lt. J. Paul Vance said Sunday....A copy-cat psycho-path wanting notoriety will try to out-do Aurora and Newtown by doing something more heinous.We keep repeating these scenarios...and allowing disturbing videos to be marketed, high caliber guns to be easily sold, and shoot-em-up movies as "entertainment".Reality is blurred by this VIOLENCE acceptance.START SPEAKING UP...20 votes#1.22 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:34 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport@Charle7834: "This isn't the 18th century and Minutemen are no longer necessary."How soon people forget. Only 30 miles and a mere 5 years distant... the police were wholly useless in preventing THIS tragedy.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheshire,_Connecticut,_home_invasion_murders1 vote#1.23 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:38 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport@Piglizard420: You can't just use the parts of the Constitution you wish to use to support your insupportable position. The right to bears is only guaranteed when in association with a "well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state." This clearly does not allow everyone to own weapons but only allows for the protection of the nation.Well, if you want to be a strict reader of the Constitution YOU must stop posting on the Internet! You have no right to do so under the First Amendment. This is not a printing press, you are not talking (speech), nor are you assembling or petitioning the Government.5 votes#1.24 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:42 PM ESTSanthoshaUnless this woman was the Indian goddess, Durga, with 8 arms, having these many weapons solely for  defense is hardly the case here. Or was she ready for a Bruce Willis type of shootout where he picks up and discards weapons as he runs through a house.5 votes#1.25 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:50 PM ESTOhio48Piglizard....you are correct, but unfortunately when that premise was challenged in the Supreme Court, the "honorable" Judge Alito clearly stated that even in this day and age we need a militia, and that right is guaranteed in the constitution.As for those that dont understand the true intent of the 2nd ammendment...it was put in place at a time when the British still controlled most of our colonies and we were trying to declare our independance. We did not have an army, so it entitled people to pick up their arms and join the militia to fight for our freedom. Most 2nd ammendmant advocates confuse the English Bill of rights with the American Bill of rights...The king tried to disarm the protestants who were outnumbering his army, so they guarenteed that they could bear arms aginst a tyranical King. Our bill of rights was to enable the individuals to join forces and defend our freedom (a militia)...since we formed our country, we have established armies, navies, national guard, police, etc....Nobody wants to take your handgun that you use for protection or the hunting rifle you use for food. If you need mass weapons to protect yourself from the government, you should be in prison. If you need assault weapons to kill a deer, duck, rabbit, whatever, you have bigger issues and need to be committed.Very few people succefully use their weapons to fend off an intruder that has the intent to kill them....they are either killed before they can reach their weapon, or their weapon is used against them.And to be clear...yes, we need more mental health in this country, but the majority of gun violence is committed by perfectly sane people.....just ask the inner city kids who cant play outside because the drug dealers can open fire at any moment...or the person walking down the street that has a gun put to the back of his head as someone demands their wallet...or the kids who find daddies gun in the top dresser drawer and think its a tao.....the list goes on and on.....10 votes#1.26 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:50 PM ESTlauriesarnoI get the 2nd amendment...sort of but honestly, does anyone besides police officers and those fighting a war need automatic weapons, assault weapons, and extended magazine clips?  A simple handgun would be plenty of protection from an attacker or intruder...16 votes#1.27 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:58 PM ESTGet Real...I am very sorry for the victims, family, and the town..  A sad day in human history...When is the media going to be responsible here.  MSNBC actually had an article criticizing the confused and irresponsible reporting yesterday...  So that being said how can they publish this article still containing contradictions - within the same article.  Personally I do not care how the shooter killed himself but in the beginning of the article it states he used a shot gun.  Further down in the same text it states the shooter left the shotgun in the car.  Yet further down is states the shooter kills himself with a handgun.The credibility of this reporting is horrible...  If you don't know the facts, don't write authoritative articles...this is the last thing we need is sensationalized "reporting".1 vote#1.28 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:28 PM ESTUncle Bob 512When mirror image countries like Australia and Canada have gun murders that you can almost count on your fingers and toes.While we have 11-12,000 gun murders every year. Then its obvious we have a serious problem.How many innocent children have to be shot,would it have to be your's,before we wake up and do something.People go hunting in those countries.They do target shooting. They have antique weapons collections. Yet they have managed to realize that in a modern age,to survive as an intelligent society they have to have intelligent gun laws.   8 votes#1.29 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:34 PM ESTMS in NMThe cost to society is too high for the privilege.  These guns were legally owned and possessed and look how it turned out.  I think its time for the people who are trying to argue that they have a constitutional right to possess an arsenal to prove that they can keep this from ever happening again to retain that right.  I think there is plenty of room for more sanity and common sense in our gun laws without resorting to an outright ban. (No military style weapons, no high capacity magazines, limits on the number of guns, just to name a few).  I am not the biggest fan of this president but he is right, this is unacceptable.  Period.  We may not be able to prevent this from ever happening again but if we prevent even one incident like this then its worth the effort, no matter how much moaning and groaning we have to hear from the gun fetishists.  I mean seriously it is harder to buy life insurance or get a mortgage than it is to buy a gun. 12 votes#1.30 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:35 PM ESTbigdogmom1@Ohio48 - Very smart and informed post.  I have been thinking the same thing about the original intent of the 2nd but because I am not a gun enthusiast I don't have the facts to back myself up.  I have several guns in my house right now but they were my dads who died 10 years ago.  They are locked up in a gun case but honestly, I don't even know how many I have without going in and doing an actual count.  There are several rifles he used for deer hunting and two handguns, everything at least 30 years or more old.  I do have a file with each listed as to type and serial number but I couldn't tell you what I own to save my life without checking that file.I bought myself a little 22 Beretta nearly 30 years ago for protection as a single woman living alone.  I had stuck the gun in the back of a kitchen cupboard thinking the last place a burglar would look for anything of value would be with my dishes.  When I moved from that house some ten years ago I missed taking the gun with me (hidden too well) and it wasn't until several years later that I even thought of it.  About a year ago I receive a call from the police department of a town about 50 miles away asking me if I owned a handgun (mine was legally registered in my name).  My heart nearly dropped to my knees and I told them what had happened with my gun.  Turns out my cute little gun had been used in gang activities and someone had been shot with it.  That nearly killed me to think that my irresponsibility with my gun had caused a person (innocent or not) to be killed even 4 years after I no longer had the gun in my possession.  I was told that I could come to pick it up and sign a few papers to get the gun back.  I asked what they would do with the gun if I didn't want it anymore and they said they would have it destroyed.  I agreed to have it destroyed.  I couldn't imagine wanting or needing that gun back.  It was tainted to me.So I will continue to keep Dads guns and have actually willed them to my brother who will give them to his sons when and if he feels they are ready for gun ownership.  They are the type of rifles that shoot one bullet/shell when the gun is cocked, not something that can shoot multiple rounds per second. I realize I am kind of all over the place with my post but I guess I just want to stress, first of all, that I do feel that Americans have the right to own guns but not assault rifles.  There is absolutely no need to have any such thing for personal protection or hunting.  Second - secure your guns!  Perhaps the shooters mom had her guns secured, perhaps she didn't.  I'm of the persuasion that she probably allowed "shooter" access since they reportedly went to firing ranges together and she probably felt she could trust him.  I'm living proof that irresponsibility in storing your guns can cause devastating results.Rabid ranting on the issue of gun control on either side of the issue will do no one any good.  Gun laws need to be addressed but calmer minds need to prevail.   Ohio48, you sound like the voice of reason, a person, no matter which side you are on, who could debate gun laws with a calm head.  Big money has no place in these debates.And for all the gun debate, we also need to address the issue of mental health care.  Although it has been reported that the shooter had many years of psych care in the end look what he did.  Could something more have been done for him, something that would have prevented this tragic killing of so many innocents? 3 votes#1.31 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:53 PM ESTBullocks07He removed or damaged the hard drive on the computer in the home. There must have been some pretty damning information on there for him to do this. I say him b/c I'm not sure it makes any sense that his mother did it prior to him killing her. Truly one sick individual. Whatever was on that hard drive must be chilling.#1.32 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:58 PM ESTCasey Lee PetersonNO.  2A will stand, and it will stand AS-IS.  Trying to take away our rights WILL cause a civil war.  Count on it.  Gun owners are the ones that have drawn the line... there are millions of us, and oh yeah... WE HAVE THE GUNS.  Militias are there to protect the public FROM the gov.  Plain and simple.  If you try to re-write the 2A you will just make millions of gun owners your enemy.  The most obvious answer here is to look for ways to protect our children that doesn't include taking away rights of the people.  I suggest WE work together to find a way with technology to make the buildings safer that house our children by, bullet-proof glass, key-coded and controlled entry points with TSA-style personnel, and armed guards security patrolling the schools hallways around the clock for every school with at least 1 armed gaurd per 500 students.  This at least is a suggestion that is worth talking about... it is MUCH better than trying to go straight to a divisive threat of disarming the public.  2 votes#1.33 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:05 PM ESTgandalf1gI own several weapons. None of them have tried to assault me or anyone else. They remain where I put them, waiting patiently for their next summons. They have fed my family  on multiple occasions, and they have protected my life twice. They are my friends and I treat them with the respect they deserve. They are the roadblock of tyranny and the guarantor of freedom.  They are no wiser nor more evil than their possessors. People who would trade liberty for security deserve neither.     Ask any law enforcement officer the last time he stopped an assault in progress. prevented a home invasion, or stopped an armed robbery in progress. The answer would be never, or at best, very rarely. They generally clean up the mess, and seek  the perpetrator.  It is up to the populace to protect themselves. If not guns, then knives, clubs or rocks.  9/11 was caused by terrorist with sharpened credit cards, Chinese school massacres with knives, Oklahoma city was fertilizer, And the largest school massacre in recorded US history, Bath MI, explosives.    Americans have become decadent. A society is governed by moral ethics of fear of punishment. The United States was founded on Christian principles.  The teachings of Christ and the Ten commandments were the road map of society with the fear of everlasting damnation the punishment. Secularism  and the breakdown of the nuclear family has weakened the moral values of the nation. Explicit movies and video games have desensitized  the nation to violence. The justice system continually  lowers the punishment for violent crimes and crimes committed with firearms are plea bargained every day.    The media fans the flames by sensationalizing the deeds of mass murders. More people can name the perpetrator of the recent mass killings then the name of the victims.  These sociopaths are looking for their 15 min of fame and the press is willing to give it to them. Each instance more fantastic then the last, to make their mark on society. If the press would ignore the perpetrator, never mention their name or bio. Simply dispose of the body ,like the garbage it is, the "fame" motivator would be gone   In reality, the stats for violent crime have changed little. The 24hr news cycle, along with the fact that violence sells, heightens awareness The long and the short, Step up America. Gun laws arent the answer. This twerp violated dozens of them. Protect yourselves. If this school had armed security, this might have been prevented. If the teachers were armed this might have been prevented.   Its interesting that the last 4 mass murders that the Pres speaks of all occurred in gun free zones. Even the theater shooting was a gun free zone. The perp bypassed theaters closer to his home , even though they were showing the same movie, because the chosen theater was clearly marked as guns prohibited. Thats because they are cowards, looking for their 15min. of fame.    You dont see any of these nuts storming a police station do you.4 votes#1.34 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:08 PM ESTRob-1067535First of all please allow me to offer my own heartfelt thoughts and prays to the families of these vitims. While no mere words can relieve their grief-- I hope that they find some comfort in the knowledge that they are in the thoughts of their fellow Americans.  @ Get Real: to address you "problems' with the reporting in thiks artice -- I am not defencing the media -- and agree that there has been alot of misinformation and misreporting in regards this sad event over the last few days. Despite the rpeated requests of the police and other authories not to rush to concldstion to make headlines and dealines or the evening news cast.  That said,  it looks like it was you who "misread" the article -- no where did they say that the shooter killed himself with the shot gun -- He killed himself with a "gun shot" from one of the hand gunds.  The shot gun was in the car.  At no time did the story say he had the shot gun inside the school or used it. Your agrument is lost when you are wrong about the facts in evidence -- I am sure the police will get to the bottom of this in a timely matter.1 vote#1.35 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:09 PM ESTbiker4lifeHugs to the 20 angels we've lost and condolences to the families. Thoughts and prayers.I'm afraid we have a reality here that many will be unwilling to admit: That is when shooters, as sick and mentally ill as they may be, target specific persons the tale of the crime is laid out best by that act and that is where the focus starts. The fact that he chose to start with his mother, and apparently shoot her in the face until unrecognizable, speaks volumes about his motivations.There are many details yet to emerge and many that may never, but he obviously had a very poor relationship with his mother. The folks that will say, 'it doesn't mean anything, he was mentally ill' don't understand the tortured mind. The fact that by all accounts he was a special needs individual likely puts his emotional age below 18, but I'll leave that for others to decide. She may have tried, but she was either unwilling or unable to bridge the gap between them and this outcome is the aftermath of that.Secondarily, he was certainly bullied in school, one look at his picture is enough to know that. Whether he actually attended Sandy Hook or it just represented his own elementary school, his killing the children most likely was a revenge move in his mind on his classmates.#1.36 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:24 PM ESTTReedI have guns and I hunt, but there is really no need for assault type of weapons. I have no problems with stricter gun control laws. But would that have prevented what this person done? The number of times each victim was shot infers rage and if this was the case, then this person would have found some other weapon to use. Kitchen knifes or an ax or anything sharp. Possibly even a baseball bat, the point is, if this person is intent on hurting people, then they will find something to use.If this person was mentally unstable, as they have eluded to, to what extent? Were there signs that were ignored? Was his mother trying to protect him from the stigma of mental illness and thus, down played the severity of his disease? Do we also, as a nation, need to discuss the taking care of the mentally ill? How do we determine the point to remove this individuals from society to protect them and society? Yes, I know, there are a lot of unanswered questions. But the questions have to start being asked.Some things to think about:Semi-automatic weapons like the AR-15, do they need to be sold? If so, should there not be a more extensive background check? Who is going to these checks and do they have the resources? What do we do with all of these weapons that are now in private hands?Should firearms be sold to individuals who have direct responsibility of the mentally ill? How could this be checked without infringing on the individuals HIPAA rights?What about illegal firearms trade?Should we start addressing the need for compassionate care for the mentally ill? What if a person is having mental issues, but doesn't go for help? What if they are no longer in touch with family or friends, how would anyone know?What about illicit drugs? There was recently a murder-suicide here that my son was the second on scene as EMT and it turned out the guy had 'roid rage. He stabbed his wife 11 times. He wrote letters and made phone calls. Moved a chair to the corner window to get a vantage point to see whomever came down the road and waited. Eventually, he got tired of waiting then shot himself. There are just so many factors that can lead up to these horrific events, that we may never be able to  prevent them all. It doesn't mean that we shouldn't look for ways to minimize these events.1 vote#1.37 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:32 PM ESTMS in NM"Militias are there to protect the public FROM the gov. Plain and simple."Anyone who thinks they need an arsenal so they can try and outgun the US government has no common sense and should not be in possession of guns.  Its people like you who we should be afraid of.I would also point out that all this fervid gun rights garbage usually comes from people on the political right, the same people who cry about spending any money at all on social programs.  So who is going to pay for all of this military style protection you propose at our schools as we turn them into armed camps to protect our children?5 votes#1.38 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:48 PM ESTSteve-1534928Cars have other uses than killing things. Guns do not. Can we please drop the line of thinking that says people die in car accidents so, if we're to consider gun control, we'd therefore also have to consider laws against cars? Please. And, by the way, there are numerous laws limiting the use of and ownership of cars, anyway -- seemingly much more than gun regulations (car inspections, required insurance in many states, license to drive, seatbelt laws, speed limits, various hundreds of other rules of the road, no drinking and driving, etc.)4 votes#1.39 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:59 PM ESTbiker4lifeI get your point MS in NM, but it's not meant to support the Waco or Ruby Ridge style weapons caching to take on the government.It's the idea that one of the checks and balances that our government system has is the right of the citizenry to bear arms to prevent governmental tyranny. Liberty encroachment (much like the patriot act is perceived as) happens in small increments and ultimately the threat of the citizenry rising up to over throw the current regime keeps them from overstepping their authority. This is also one of the arguments against gun registration. If the government knows exactly who owns guns and how many, they know exactly who to arrest first. I know it sounds ridiculous, but it happened less than 70 years ago. Google "Operation Hummingbird".For the record I'm not an NRA advocate, just an informed citizen.  #1.40 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 3:06 PM ESTDunhamAllJust an FYI Ohio, the Constitution was written in the 1790's... well AFTER the states were established and the country had been without British Control for over 15 years.  I say this because the 2nd, as well as other amendments, in the Bill of Rights were not written to protect the citizens from the British; rather the Bill of Rights was created as an addendum to the constitution as our founding fathers did not feel the document was written with language inherent enough to protect the citizens from an over extended government (their own government).Just fact checking here.I also vote democratic to provide you with perspective.#1.41 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 3:54 PM ESTMS in NM@biker4lifeIm pickin up what youre throwin down (which is to say that I hear you as well).  The more our country starts to look like a corporatocracy the more it looks like we may need our own version of the arab spring.  But the fact is that if the military or local police forces are on one side and the unhappy citizens are on the other, then the citizens will be outgunned even if they do all have semi-auto assault rifles, because the other side will have fully auto weapons, armored vehicles, grenades, body armor, etc...  I would also point out that the Egyptians have been pretty successful in their popular uprisings without a well-armed citizenry.  If the time comes for massive public uprising, the guns are not likely to be the deciding factor.As a parent, I chose my daughters school based on how good of an education she is likely to receive there.  I am lucky enough to have the money to choose a private school and my daughter is just slightly younger than these kids who were killed last week.  Should I instead be choosing a school based on how many armed guards they have?  How tall the razor ribbon topped fence is?  Whether they have bullet proof glass?  Its a sad day if we actually do resort to these kinds of decisions instead of looking to implement some common sense in our gun policy instead.And just for the record I agree that this is not JUST about guns, its about mental illness and how badly we do at providing help for people who are mentally ill, its about a society with a very unhealthy relationship to violence in general and probably more things besides.  But we keep having these kinds of tragedies and keep lamenting them and keep doing nothing.  I am not willing to wait and see if more kids have to die before I decide we need to do something.  The time to do something is now, before it happens again.3 votes#1.42 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 3:56 PM ESTElkMeadowDunhamAllJust  an FYI Ohio, the Constitution was written in the 1790's... well AFTER  the states were established and the country had been without British  Control for over 15 years.  I say this because the 2nd, as well as other  amendments, in the Bill of Rights were not written to protect the  citizens from the British; rather the Bill of Rights was created as an  addendum to the constitution as our founding fathers did not feel the  document was written with language inherent enough to protect the  citizens from an over extended government (their own government).The Militias were used at the time, to keep down the fear of slave up-risings, and to kill Native Americans who were "standing their ground" as the U.S. government broke treaty after treaty, and to intimidate free blacks (who were banned from having guns), and were called up in the War of 1812, as well as other challenges on the frontier, leading up to the Civil War and the Transcontinental Railroad.The Militias were for EXTENDING government oppression.Just fact checking here.Yeah, me too.2 votes#1.43 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 4:22 PM ESTbiker4lifeI agree MS, we need to change and we need to do something now. Gun control, in the absence of personal moral barriers that some lack today but were integral to life when the 2nd amendment was written, is mandatory. I don't know what it will look like but we need something to change before the next massacre.In regard to your comment about overwhelming govt military power and the arab spring, I agree that any citizen militia would be outnumbered and outgunned in a straight fight. But all it would take is a general and his ranks to agree with the insurrection to turn and the whole game changes. It is conceivable that if the uprising were popular enough it would bleed into the military ranks as well and gain support.Egypt's revolution succeeded because the military refused to fire on it's own citizens. For that the less guns you have the better! That may or may not be the scenario an American revolt faced if it ever happened. I hope for everyone's sake it is, but the oath says '...all enemies, foreign and domestic.' So it depends on if the soldiers consider them 'enemies' or not.I feel pretty confident this won't happen in our lifetime. But if we let the liberty erode, future generations will be born into an America that is ripe for corruption and governmental overreach if we don't protect these liberties carefully.I wish I knew how we could have both security and liberty. Franklin knew it wasn't possible. #1.44 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 4:54 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport@Steve-1534928And, by the way, there are numerous laws limiting the use of and ownership of cars, anyway -- seemingly much more than gun regulations (car inspections, required insurance in many states, license to drive, seatbelt laws, speed limits, various hundreds of other rules of the road, no drinking and driving, etc.)Oh?* All of the guns used went through a criminal check when purchased. * There is no such a thing as insurance for shooting people. * The guns used in Newtown were legally purchased, which required a CT state license. * Getting a CT license requires passing a safety class, getting fingerprinted, getting photograhed, having a background check and having your local police chief sign off on your paperwork. The whole process takes at least two months.* All of the guns used were equiped with safety mechanisms. * Firearms in Connecticut may not be equipped with certain bullets, including armor piercing. (Closest to a speed limit I could think of.)* It is illegal to possess firearms within 100 yards of a school in Connecticut. (Fat lot of good THAT law did, eh?) * It is illegal to possess firearms and be intoxicated in Connecticut. (No drinking and shooting, if you like.)and one more point: the guns used were STOLEN.Cars have other uses than killing things. Guns do not. Can we please drop the line of thinking that says people die in car accidents so, if we're to consider gun control, we'd therefore also have to consider laws against cars? Please.Please. If a 14 year old went out and killed 10 people driving on the wrong side of I-95, do we ban Toyotas? By your logic, we do.1 vote#1.45 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 5:09 PM ESTEme Lenasvia FacebookDeletedblueingoregonHopeyChangeyFeelyAt least with automobiles, we have made them safer to use over the past decades. We even make people prove that they understand the laws of the road and we make them take a driving test to prove they can operate the automobile. Gun ownership doesn't require proof of ablitlity, which I think it should. If you carry a concealed weapon, for the intent of protecting yourself, you should attend a police/military training for dealing with fire your gun under high stress situations. A class that teachs you when it is safe to draw and when to keep your gun holstered (check George Zimmerman!). If you can't pass the test you don't get your carry permit (most military dropouts happen because they fail their weapons proficiency). Auto and semi auto weapons are meant for one thing, warfare! So if your a private citizen, unless your in the reserves, these weapons should be illegal. Modifing non-automatic weapons to be automatic should be illegal, it should be illegal to sell the materials that could be used to modify a weapon.Obama has blood on his hands! he choose NOT to renew the Brady Bill keeping these war weapons out of the hands of private citizens. Obama has failed to protect the citizens of this country!#1.47 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 6:18 PM ESTLeftovers Again ?Big Ten "untimely" Killers in the U.S in 2011 according to the F.B.I.:Tobacco - 529,000Medical Errors - 195,000Unintentional Injuries - 118,021Alcohol Abuse - 107,400Motor Vehicle Accidents - 34,482Unintentional Poisoning - 31,758Drug Abuse - 25,500Unintentional Falls - 24,792Non Firearm Homicides - 16,799Firearm Homicides - 11,4932 votes#1.48 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 9:20 PM ESTLeftovers Again ?Ryan-1773892When are idiots going to stop using the comparison of "cars being used in accidents" to "guns being used in shootings".CARS have a purpose other than killing people.So do guns.2 votes#1.49 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 9:38 PM ESTRoadkillJust conjecture, here, but I hypothesize that the Adam kid didn't have a valid drivers licence (DL), so he "borrowed" his brother's.  The fact, that he didn't have a DL, was directly related to his mental/social problems.  The fact that he couldn't get these guns on his own, in the state of Connecticut, (under 21) and probably pegged as a mental "no-go" for any gun dealer, then the responsibility falls directly on Nancy Lanza.#1.50 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:07 PM ESTsunmoonstarsno small gun lock was going to keep these guns away from this kid...he could have easily busted the storage unit.  People who knew him said he was genius level.  There was security at the school but he just busted the glass windows in the front of the building....they need a swat security at the front door of each school, cameras, secure locks, and a security hut for every car that drives into the school...and change the laws for those who want to own an assault weapon and hold them accountable for those weapons....#1.51 - Tue Dec 18, 2012 2:32 PM ESTPigotryTo the 20 little angels...and other victims...R.I.P.21 votes#2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:14 AM ESTbacktobasics-1076842God speed.8 votes#3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:16 AM ESTShesafatoneAs a former military weapons range instructor and a CCW and gun owner with 2 hand weapons and a PHD 12ga shotgun. I find no use for any mimic ed military weapons like any of the variations of the M-4/AK-SK weapons in our country. I can defend my self and my home with what I have and need no more. The thing I think needs to be addressed more is the RESPONSIBILIY of parents to identify at risk children so they get help BEFORE they act out like this.43 votes#4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:21 AM ESTFor Posts OnlyI agree with you. Thank you for posting. I really appreciate hearing from people who've actually been trained to use such weapons and hear what they think. We need to hear from more people like you rather than the 'if the school had been armed' or 'if everyone in the theater had been packing' believers. Your perspective and insights mean more to me - a pro-gun control person.12 votes#4.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:34 AM ESTBoris-2106645If you are suggesting we outlaw certain guns, how does that change anything?  Don't forget there were two "normal" 9mm handguns in addition to the much chastised AR15.  The whole pretense that if it were a different gun, it would not have happened or if the clip only held 9 rounds instead of 15, it wouldn't have happened, seems primitive.  Yet all the liberals love to point their finger and say ban those AR15 rifles because they aren't needed for hunting or like you say they "mimic military weapons."  Why do those points even matter; to be sure, a gun is a gun.  It looks aggressive, but it is not the reason for the crime.    Why attack the NRA, Republicans, or anyone who likes guns; our constitution allows for them, it's not a crime, and most gun owners are responsible owners.  What this kid did just tears me up but lets keep our focus on the real issue: evil people will do evil things with our without an AR15.4 votes#4.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:39 AM ESTdirp Comment collapsed by the communityAll mentally ill persons should not have access to any type of gun.Anyone who intends to kill is mentally ill.If you buy a gun, you must have formed the intention to kill in your mind.ALL GUNS MUST BE BANNED TO KEEP THEM FROM THE MENTALLY ILL.1 vote#4.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:46 AM ESTfrank-1202750dirp, seems to blame the second ammendment, not correct blame the mom for having that many around the house, people (parents ) try to justify not my kid, well if a person is or has been treated for mental problems guns owners should be held accountable , nothing will bring back those babies, but a scare tactic on the second ammendment is not the answer either assault weapons should have alot higher resrictions  pistols are not assault weapons, people cannot run scared here there is a coomon ground on what is assault and how many. common sence here people not fear,1 vote#4.4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:02 AM ESTStan-1518703As has been reported before on this website, we are rapidly approaching a time when anyone can use a 3D printer to create any firearm they want. No way to legislate it. No way to stop it.So then what do you do?You must then target the real problem. Proactively identifying and treating (and, if necessary, locking up) the would-be psycho serial killer before he starts killing. Put the effort where it needs to be.4 votes#4.5 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:11 AM ESTcasualty09Boris (#4.2) wrote: "Why attack the NRA, Republicans or anyone who likes guns; our constitution allows for them, it's not a crime, and most gun owners are responsible owners."The NRA and their political allies (predominantly Republicans) refuse to budge on ANY gun control legislation, no matter how sensible. The second amendment is not absolute. There are plenty of reasonable restrictions on guns that would limit the possibility for mass carnage but still permit responsible gun owners to use guns for target shooting, hunting and even personal protection. But every time a politician suggests, say, banning assault weapons or limiting the size of magazines so that they can't hold 100 rounds of ammunition, the NRA argues that this is too much - and their political allies go along and refuse to pass such laws. So yes, we can and should attack the NRA and the Republicans who toe their ideological line and refuse to allow ANY common-sense gun control legislation to pass. It's time to stand up to them; I credit NYC Mayor Bloomberg for taking a strong stance on guns, and I am hopeful that President Obama will now do the same. It's not about taking away freedom; it's about common-sense efforts to protect life.11 votes#4.6 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:11 AM ESTAnilofHow did the assault gun ban in the 90's work?  Was there an increase in gun related violence and deaths or decrease?#4.7 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:37 AM ESTR Battletake away guns,take away free speech because that leads to disagreements and fights.lock up anybody for anything.no charge no trials just life in prison.take away freedom of the press so no rouge ideas escape into public minds.microchip everyone so they can be tracked at all times.have curfew so everyone is safe,trapped in their house.have one tv channel so everyone will think and believe exactly the same.have an gov agency to take any anyone who steps out of line.thats the world i want. safe and free.3 votes#4.8 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:39 AM ESTcasualty09R Battle - This is exactly the mindset of the NRA that keeps us as a country from enacting reasonable gun legislation. No one is suggesting doing any of those things you mention, but as soon as someone suggests, "well gee - maybe allowing 100 round magazine clips for semi-automatic rifles would help eliminate mass killings," the Black Helicopter types come out of the woodwork and equate such reasonable proposals with tyranny - or a "slippery slope" to tyranny. It's a false equivalency. We can place some restrictions on gun ownership without going all the way to microchips implanted in people. 6 votes#4.9 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:57 AM ESTdenver bill 2dirpALL GUNS MUST BE BANNED TO KEEP THEM FROM THE MENTALLY ILL.All alcohol must be banned to keep it from drunk drivers.All food must be banned to keep it from the morbidly obese.Your screen name is appropriate. Onomatopoeia at its finest.5 votes#4.10 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:58 AM ESTBoris-2106645Casualty is missing the point. You outlaw one gun because it looks aggressive. So what, someone would use a different gun - like he did, two 9mm pistols.  Where do you stop under the pretense of safety?Or your "100 round clip" lol.  But for argument, if we limit clips to 10 rounds, just take two then.  Don't you see the lunacy of your common sense approach?2 votes#4.11 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:01 PM ESTR Battleno one is suggesting? freedom of the press is dead.trying to lock up americans indefinately is an avenue being fought for by our gov as we speak.verizon has a neat patent on dvr devices for our future.all electric communication is being monitored and stored.drones will fly over american airspace.the right to peacefully assemble is turning into terrorist activity.your freedoms are being eroded and it doesnt matter if your dem or rep.i understand semiauto guns and large capacity clips arent really needed.but just watch out what you ask of your gov.your best intrest is the last thing they care about.1 vote#4.12 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:12 PM ESTCinde Robertsvia FacebookParents of children like this look for help EVERY DAY.  They are on their own, for the most part.  I know too many mothers who are afraid of their own children and have NOWHERE to turn for help.  Thankfully, none of them keeps a well stocked arsenal in their homes...really, I know one who locks away all sharp objects. 6 votes#4.13 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:15 PM ESTcasualty09First, Boris, he didn't use the two 9 mm guns - except to take his own life. He knew something about the guns he had with him and chose to use the Bushmaster semi-automatic assault rifle to inflict maximum damage - apparently pumping up to 11 rounds into some of the children. Think about that for a second: 11 rounds fired into a 6 year old. If that weapon were still banned (as it was from 1994-2005) and he had to use a 9mm instead, then perhaps some of those who were killed after having been shot with a half dozen rounds or more would have survived. Or, as he pumped each one full of 6, 8, 10 rounds to make sure they were dead, then others could have escaped or more quickly summoned help, etc.And as for your "lol" on limiting 100 round clips. . . I get your point that maybe then these crazies would just take ten 10-round clips to add up to the same amount of ammunition, but that bolsters my point: every extra second that a shooter spends on reloading or replacing a spent clip with a new one is a second that victims or potential victims can escape or try to overwhelm him or call for help. Passing a law prohibiting access to a 60 or 100-round magazine and instead limiting clips to, say, 10 rounds, would save lives in these mass shootings.I don't know a lot about the technology and what is realistic. But in general, what I'm talking about is sensible gun control that can help to limit mass carnage. These types of proposals (e.g., banning assault rifles and/or limiting the amount of ammunition they can hold) will not stop every act of violence, but maybe they would help limit the body count when these crazies do decide to shoot up a place.7 votes#4.14 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:28 PM ESTBoris-210664511 rounds sure sounds more devilish than 1 or 2.. but still the same result.  Liberals always rely on extraordinary circumstances to spread the fear and bolster their point for more government.  1 Bullet was one too many.I don't know how the make up of what gun shot who was, not sure how you do either.  I don't care either. One bullet was too many regardless of what gun. So back to my point, do we ban all guns then? Then where do you stop? The problem is not the gun, or the clip; these guns were stolen, so the point isn't even background checks, it's a matter of personal responsibility - something liberals never want to accept.1 vote#4.15 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:47 PM ESTEric-2910009Casualty- I think what Boris might be getting at is that there's no real law that one can enact that will keep a criminal from breaking the law.  What should be done is more heavily enforce the laws already on the books- while at the same time increasing awareness, recognition, and response to people who have mental illnesses.  A person who is deem to have a mental illness is not allowed to have access to firearms.  enforcing this law in a much more comprehensive way would go much much farther then banning guns.now with that said, while I am a second amendment supporter, I believe that there should be some gun "reform".  People look at AR-15s and other black rifles and think "oh my god that's scary"  When in reality many many many people use them for hunting simply because they're reliable and have a massive amount of after market parts and accessories available.  So just because its a "scary gun" doesn't mean its evil.On further thought, another thing that would help curb gun violence (not in this specific case but over all) is firearm safety training.  Teaching kids not to be afraid of firearms (most kids will be even more inquisitive if you tell them its bad) but to respect them and what they can do and what to do if they or someone they know comes across one.  Take the taboo out of firearms.2 votes#4.16 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:59 PM ESTcasualty09Boris (post #4.15) - I see it didn't take long for you to stop with the rational discussion and start with the political name-calling. First you wrote, "Liberals always rely on extraordinary circumstances to spread the fear and bolster their point for more government."What does banning assault rifles or large ammo magazines have to do with big government? It's about protecting people from a technology that can be dangerous when in the wrong person's hands. The size of govt has nothing to do with such bans. . . . And as for spreading fear: gun manufacturers have proven quite adept at exploiting these sorts of tragedies, convincing folks that we live in a dangerous world, so you might as well go out and buy a gun to protect yourself.Then you wrote: "So back to my point, do we ban all guns then? Then where do you stop?"Ah, so we're back to the slippery slope argument. By your logic - "since banning assault rifles won't solve the problem of handguns, we might as well do nothing about assault rifles" - we might as well halt our counterterrorism efforts because, well, "since realistically we're never going to stop all terrorists, we might as well not bother trying to stop ANY." Or, "since we're never going to stop drunk driving, we might as well eliminate all rules against drunk driving."Forget the slippery slope. All I am proposing is that we outlaw certain types of guns and large magazines. In doing so, we limit the risk of widespread mass carnage. It's that simple, and I'm not at all proposing that we ban all guns (nor have I seen any proposals to do that).  Finally, you write, "The problem is not the gun, or the clip; these guns were stolen, so the point isn't even background checks, it's a matter of personal responsibility - something liberals never want to accept." I'm not really sure what you're getting at with the "personal responsibility" comment. This liberal is looking at the shooter - and his mother - as being responsible for this tragedy (frankly I blame the mother as much or more as the crazy shooter; she knew he was mentally unstable and yet she purchased these weapons, apparently taught him how to use them and clearly didn't secure them adequately). That said, pointing fingers of blame at those responsible for this tragedy doesn't do anything for those 6 and 7 year olds who were killed. (Are you suggesting that the victims' families should feel better knowing that the Lanzas were "personally responsible" for this tragedy? Me, I think right now they'd feel better if the shooter hadn't had access to a weapon of slaughter and their kids were alive.) But banning assault rifles or the large magazines that allow a nutjob to quickly shoot up a classroom. . . that will save lives. Had the Bushmaster been banned today, as it was from 1994-2005, then maybe the shooter's mom never would have had such a weapon and the shooter would have had to "make do" with a couple handguns instead - resulting in far less carnage and less loss of life.   2 votes#4.17 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:46 PM ESTbigdogmom1@Boris - The difference between the shooter using an auto or semi-auto weapon or a handgun is vast.  Perhaps had he used a handgun only 19 children would have been killed.  Or 15, or 7, or 3 or none.  Regular pistols have the capacity of only a few bullets (unless they have large cap clips) and most don't fire multiple times per second.  During the time it would have taken him to reload someone might have been able to stop him.  Had he been firing single shots per second (or whatever "normal" guns can fire) but multiple shots into each child and adult, by the time authorities arrived and he "offed" himself, fewer children could have been shot, too much time spent placing each shot.  And had he "conserved" his shots from a handgun and only shot each person only once instead of multiple times, chances are that some of them could have survived only a single shot.Gun debate and right to own guns will continue for years to come.  I am not against gun ownership but I am totally against private citizens owning assault and semi-assault weapons.  A gun for home protection need not be an assault weapon.  One well placed shot would do the trick.1 vote#4.18 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:58 PM ESTBoris-2106645The essence of my argument is that if you ban one gun, they will use another.  You liken that to saying we should do nothing.  Perhaps you are thinking about it the wrong way.  Instead of taking rights away from law abiding people, you could look towards ways of protecting kids from any deadly violence at school, not just from an AR15. You could put a cop in the schools.  You could limit firearms in homes of those that are mentally ill, just like we do for felons  of course that has its own unforeseen outcomes. As for the size of the clip, I dont know about you, but I gain no comfort or protection from knowing 30 round clips would be unavailable to law abiding people.   Most people that kill are obviously ignoring the law anyway.  People will still be dying whether they load another clip or keep firing from their 30 round one.On some level, I dont think you have personally shot a gun because almost any semi-automatic pistol shoots as fast as you can pull the trigger.  Clips change out quite fast.  I appreciate what rights you think we should be entitled to but what if I suggested you shouldnt have the right to have an abortion?  More children die from abortion every year than who died on Friday but for some reason thats acceptable.  I wonder how you choose what life to stand up for - the school kid or the not yet born kid.  It is an evil society we live in when you can justify one over the other.#4.19 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 3:58 PM ESTstump2I have read a number of things on this thread.  It is amazing to think that we need more laws to keep guns out of our hands.  The laws are meaningless to the criminals.  Banning guns or new laws only effect the law abiding citizen.  As it has been stated a number of times the guns were the property of his mother who owned them legally as stated by the press.  The only thing we can assume is that she did not have them locked in a safe place as it hasn't been reported any other way.With a number of the staments on here blaming guns think about what you are saying.  Casualty, 11 round clips may have stopped him or helped save lives, think about this.  There is a law that states no one is allowed to possess a weapon on school grounds.  Just think if the Principle and or the School Psychologist happened to have their conceal carry permit and allowed to carry on school grounds.  This could have been over before he made it to the first class room or could have been slowed down to where the police could have arrived before he was able to do damage.  What if they had a school resource officer, that is a local sheriff that carries on school grounds and roams the school looking to prevent things from happening in school.I read another post talking about all the people shot on the streets, all the innocent kids being killed by drug dealers and such.  A guy on Jay Leno Friday night was saying the same thing that in chicago in one weekend 33 people were killed.  Why?  The people in Illinois do not have a right to protect themselves so the low life dirt bags find it easier to prey on the defensless people in their neighborhoods.  Let them try that in Texas or in my neighborhood.  They would find resistance pretty quick. This guy did the same thing, went to where he would find the least resistance to do his harm.  When the police came he ended it quickly.Banning guns is not going to do a thing to stop crime.  Look at DC, Illinois to name a few that have the strictest guns laws in the country.  they are the most dangerous places to be. The criminals can care less what the laws are so it is better to be able to protect yourself from a criminals.As far as assualt rifles, no one is telling you how many cookies to eat or to feed your children, you may like to eat a bunch of cookies and drink your milk with it too.  I like my assult rifle, I like going out and target shooting with it.  that is somthing I like to do and who are you or anyone else to tell me that I shouldn't be able to do that. Casualty, you mention that the NRA and Republicans never give on any sensible gun regulations.  What is sensible to you, who are you to say what is sensible?  What might be sensible to you is not sensible to another.  Just like a liberal to dislike something so it must be banned.  Prayer in school until such a tragic event like this to name another.1 vote#4.20 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 4:03 PM ESTcasualty09stump2 - You wrote: "Casualty, you mention that the NRA and Republicans never give on any sensible gun regulations. What is sensible to you, who are you to say what is sensible? What might be sensible to you is not sensible to another. Just like a liberal to dislike something so it must be banned."OK, I'll define "sensible gun regulation" as this: "any law that makes it more difficult for people to engage in mass killing while still permitting law-abiding citizens the freedom to possess and use guns." Strike the balance in a way that's more protective of people than of the freedom to possess weapons of all sorts. This may mean limiting the types of bullets that are available; banning large magazines/clips; banning assault-type semi-automatic weapons; better background checks (there are a ton of loopholes); waiting periods; etc. None of those suggestions would undermine the basic "right to bear arms"  - and would have only a limited impact on the vast majority of gun owners who possess guns for hunting, target shooting, etc. - but would in some ways provide some protection from these mass killings. That is my goal: saving lives.  You also wrote, "I like my assult rifle, I like going out and target shooting with it. that is somthing I like to do and who are you or anyone else to tell me that I shouldn't be able to do that."We live in a civilized society. Part of the social compact is the loss of some individual freedom - we often trade personal freedom for broader benefits to society at large. For example, we don't have the freedom to drink and drive because of the potential harm to others. We don't have the freedom to yell fire in a crowded theater because of the potential harm to others. We don't have the freedom to drive 120 MPH near an elementary school because of the potential harm to others. In many states and localities, we are no longer free to smoke cigarettes wherever we want because of the potential harm to others. We don't have the freedom to pollute the air and water because of the potential harm to others. No rights are absolute; we as a society are constantly weighing individual freedoms versus the consequence of those freedoms in their potential harm to others.I have concluded that I would rather err on the side of limiting, to a modest degree, some of the rights related to gun ownership, than to err on the side of continuing down the NRA path of "anything goes" when it comes to guns. If a majority of Americans agree with me on what constitutes "sensible gun regulation," then yes, some of your rights may be affected. That is the price you pay for living in a civilized society.2 votes#4.21 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 4:54 PM ESTtakenakaBan handguns and semi-automatic weapons.1 vote#4.22 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:46 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582High-capacity magazines and assault weapons exist only to shoot human beings and kids in large numbers.  How in the world did we get to the point where these things are easily available to anyone???1 vote#4.23 - Tue Dec 18, 2012 9:49 AM ESTRaygirlI hate the saying "guns don't kill people, people kill people". So you're telling me he shot all of these little kids with his magic fingers? Huh? You're saying bullets started flying out of his magic hand, right? He pointed his index finger and Pow! They were dead, right?Yes, people do kill people....especially when they are heavily armed and angry at the world/crazy!#4.24 - Tue Dec 18, 2012 11:34 AM ESTMark from BridgeportSo you're telling me he shot all of these little kids with his magic fingers? Huh? You're saying bullets started flying out of his magic hand, right? He pointed his index finger and Pow! They were dead, right?Well, did the guns get walk out of the house, hop in the car, drive, park it, walk into the school and then shoot and reload themselves?#4.25 - Tue Dec 18, 2012 4:04 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices horseriderSTOP giving his name and providing him the fame he probably was seeking - just refer to him as the shooter.  Other deranged folk need to know they are nobodies and will NOT be made famous for such behavior.19 votes#5 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:24 AM ESTJeff Jefferson-912478just refer to him as the shooter murderer14 votes#5.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:27 AM ESTSueb1I agree, I hate when they count the gunman in the number killed!  I know this kid had mental problems; but, with each one of these shootings, I get angrier and angrier at the shooter....how dare they take their problems, their desire to kill themself and destroy so many, many lives.....it's just incomprehensible!6 votes#5.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:28 AM ESTNexVultuosusHe's dead. Not much that fame will do for him now.6 votes#5.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:30 AM ESTIA.ScooterTrampNexVultuosusHe's dead. Not much that fame will do for him now.which is exactly what the lib media should be stressing instead of the constant anti gun rhetoric which will serve only to inflame others and perhaps propel the sick ones to "copy-cat".4 votes#5.4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:38 AM ESTalan_staticI don't think he was seeking fame. I think he lost it. Adam is reponsible however and is burning in hell right now.I wonder exactly why he went off?1 vote#5.5 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:45 AM ESTdirpalan: maybe because he had access to a gun.Anyone who has a gun intends to kill.THAT is the definition of mental illness.Keep the guns away from the mentally ill.Get rid of all the guns.3 votes#5.6 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:50 AM ESTalan_static'Anyone who has a gun intends to kill..' ahahahha!#5.7 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:05 AM ESTStan-1518703dirp,It is impossible to get rid of all guns. Simply impossible. You're living in a fantasy world if you think it is.Criminals will *always* have guns. That is the definition of a criminal.And owning a gun is not the definition of mental illness. Plenty of right-minded people own guns and do not intend to kill with them.Only your comment about keeping them from the mentally ill is of any value. We must focus on identifying and treating (or locking up) those with a deranged propensity for gun violence.All of your other points are baseless and without merit.2 votes#5.8 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:37 AM ESTR Battlekeeping guns from the mentaly ill is also a slippery slope.what exactly defines a mental illness? fear of enclosed places? fear of heights? being prescribed an antidepressant? that could also be used to circumvent the constitution.im just saying, be careful what you want the gov to do for you.im sure there are mental illnesses that could cover just about every living creature on earth.1 vote#5.9 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:01 PM ESTSteve-O-1267615I live a town over from Sandy Hook and I can tell you it's a God-aweful nightmare right now.  alan_static and his ilk posting jokes, and far right talking points is only making me angrier.  We should stop protecting the rights of gun nuts, video game makers and Hollywood with their hyper-real military simuations only inspiring sick kids to act out.  But FIRST we should ban all military-style guns.  Ban the sale of them right now.Be damned the NRA or the second ammendment.  And, alan_static, stop with the Liberal this and that.  Fox News is running this story 24 seven.  And you know it.4 votes#5.10 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:22 PM ESTBryan-529140Steve-O, there is NO solid evidence that violent games or movies cause violence.  The killer was a defective human being, period.  And I do mean "defective" because no normal person could even consider doing what it did.  Seriously, how could you possibly look into a 6 year old's eyes and then shoot them multiple times?!?  You have got to be irreparably damaged to do something like that.  No game or movie has ever made a person go over the edge unless they were already there.  I've played Grand Theft Auto for years now, and I've NEVER thought, "Hey, I think I'll go do this for real, looks like fun!"  Anyone who would think that won't need a game to compel them to violence.3 votes#5.11 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:17 PM ESTbigdogmom1@Alan - "anyone who has access to a gun intends to kill." ahahaha... (sic)   Truth, guns are made to kill - whether it's an innocent child, a criminal, or a hunter illing a deer or other animal.  Gus are made for nothiing else.  Not made to wound, not made to threaten, not made to shoot a tin can - simply made to kill something.#5.12 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 3:08 PM ESTudontknowSteve-0:I've been around guns my whole life as I live in a hunting community. I am a huge video game fan, playing online every day. I grew up on movies like Rambo. I have no desire to hurt anyone. Why should I give up my rights to have a gun much less the freedom to play a game or watch a movie because you think they are wrong. Should we start burning books next? I'm not a "sick kid". I am an adult. I am responsible and was raised to respect people. The problem is our society. We have lost all accountability for our actions. Kids are not being raised on the reality that life is hard and things don't always turn out the way you want them to. You can't ban everything that might be bad for someone!#5.13 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 3:16 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Sueb1"Marsha Lanza, Nancy Lanza's sister-in-law and Adam Lanza's aunt, said there was a good reason for a divorced woman who grew up with guns to have them in the house: self-defense."And now  she's dead and 26 others-most of them babies.  Why would she have assault weapons in her house when she knew her son had mental health problems?!  Most guns kept in a home for self-defense end up being used against a family member or friend.  My brother-in-law heard a noise on their porch one evening a few years ago (their had been a few home invasions in the area) so he got his gun and went out to the porch and almost (Thank God), almost shot the paperboy.  My sister said, he had his choice, his gun or her.  They're still married so I guess the gun is gone.  I can't imagine how the parents and children of those killed are going to go on with their lives...may God help them all!13 votes#6 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:25 AM ESTSteve-O-1267615there's no rules on who can be parents.  That's why we need sensible gun laws.#6.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:23 PM ESTSanthoshaHow many could she use at one time to defend herself? When she heard a noise she strapped them all on her at once? Or the right tool for the right job? Stupid justification!2 votes#6.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:58 PM ESTLarry Miller-362499What "horserider" said!1 vote#7 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:27 AM ESTIA.ScooterTrampmakes sense...#7.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:46 AM ESTBrittany-718702I'm also a woman that lives alone, I have a revolver for self-defense (I got it after someone tried to get in my house this summer), not several including a semi-automatic. Oh yeah, I also don't have a son with a history of mental problems.9 votes#8 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:27 AM ESTEngEsqBrittany, if you are using it purely for home defense I'd suggest a shotgun.  They are easier to use effectively, and the intimidation factor is very effective in scaring away any would-be home invader.6 votes#8.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:35 AM ESTdirpEven better, several large dogs, they don't jam, they are always around, mentally ill people won't take them and use them to kill you as you sleep, they won't be taken into schools to KILL CHILDREN.GET RID OF THE GUNS.8 votes#8.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:53 AM ESTno more filbertDirp, in case you haven't noticed, but every single mass murder since the history of mankind has been caused by, you guessed it, man.  So, obviously the solution is to get rid of people.  Do you advocate removing all alcohol, due to the number of drunk driving deaths, drunks who beat and kill their spouses and wives, and drunks who do a number of other serious crimes?Do you advocate the removal off fertilizer, for that alone caused the second greatest mass murder in the history of the U.S. (no guns needed there).  Also, don't forget, the 9/11 guys never used a single gun either in their massacre.  4 votes#8.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:36 PM ESTreally?-1605430I'm sorry - I'm female and live alone in a city and feel no need to have guns - especially the types she had.  What was she worried about living in a safe town like Newtown?  I also question her decision to bring the son she had concerns about to a gun range so he could learn how to use those guns.  Hopefully the entire story will come out soon.  RIP to all who were murdered and peace to those who are left behind.10 votes#9 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:27 AM ESTSueb1I heard a Chicago cop talking about safety once and he said if you want to scare someone away, get yourself a big old shotgun.  It'll do the job and won't inflict mass carnage.3 votes#9.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:30 AM ESTShesafatoneI live in Detroit where the average police response time is 45 mins to an hour. If you cant stop your attacker you wont make it to the hospital on time....ever!7 votes#9.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:35 AM ESTArtie-1928387Shotguns can inflict mass carnage in areas of limited spaces such as a classroom.  A pump shotgun....  As for the protection, I'd agree with the police officer.3 votes#9.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:55 AM ESTIA.ScooterTrampBushmaster .223-caliber assault-style rifle similar  to the one used by the snipers who terrorized the Washington, D.C., area  in 2002. It was purchased legally, they said.And then a nutcase stole it from his mother, or do you lib anti gun nuts really, really, believe she just handed him these weapons and then said  " oh BTW while your here kill me first".....???10 votes#10 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:29 AM ESTSueb1The guns were purchased legally; they were not legal to own in Connecticut, if his mother had followed the law she would still be alive....and so would 26 innocents!7 votes#10.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:31 AM ESTreally?-1605430Just one addition to your comment.....the nutcase was taught by his mother how to use those guns9 votes#10.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:37 AM ESTIA.ScooterTramp10.110.2You both point at the mother? get real...the SON was the murder regardless of your "blame game" spin.....11 votes#10.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:42 AM ESTPanhead-3909678You people just don't get it if someone wants to commit this kind of sick BS do you honestly think that banning guns is going to make a differance. Get real! Determined people will find a way, ever hear of explosives. You can get on the internet of go to your local public library and learn how. Give me an effin break.GM Scooter5 votes#10.4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:43 AM ESTGaithersburgerYou completely miss the point Scooter. The mother - or any other person - has no business owning an assault-style weapon. These weapons should be banned permanently. If these weapons had never been on the market many of the dead would still be alive. They are designed for one thing only - to kill many people. No one needs them except the armed forces.9 votes#10.5 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:48 AM ESTdirpGaithersburger:  ALL GUNS have one purpose, TO KILL.There is no other use for the WEAPONS.They are designed to KILL, in the best way possible for the price.The more expensive the weapon, the more efficient it is at KILLING.GUNS ARE MADE TO KILL.3 votes#10.6 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:56 AM ESTreally?-1605430To LA Scooter - you made the sarcastic comment about how the mother would not have handed to guns over to her nutcase son (your words, not mine) and asked to be killed first along with calling people lib anti-gun nuts - I was merely commenting that his mother, who was supposedly concerned about his mental status, taught him how to use the guns - yes, HE murdered people but she sure as heck made it a lot easier for him to do it4 votes#10.7 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:00 AM ESTIA.ScooterTrampGaithersburger"an assault style weapon"? ....no my friend you miss the point. or do you believe the only weapon which could inflect such damage was a off the rack knock off AK?dirpThe more expensive the weapon, the more efficient it is at KILLING. obviously you know absolutely nothing about firearms.really, around these parts training one to use a firearm was pretty standard when i grew up. and considered the right thing to do to avoid accidents. which i am sure was her thought process as well.4 votes#10.8 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:01 AM ESTpbinCAThis type of self-centered, tortured thinking, which shuns any responsibility for preventing gun violence, is a measure of the inebriation with freedom that threatens to rot civilization from the core.5 votes#10.9 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:10 AM ESTstonepipe2Thanks for the common sense posts Scooter Tramp.3 votes#10.10 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:57 AM ESTGaithersburgerScooter, you can split hairs all you want but you are missing the key point in this debate. All guns that are designed for rapid fire, ie, to kill many people quickly, do not belong on the market. They should ALL be banned. That's exactly what Australia did after a mass shooting there in 1996 and they have not had any major shootings since. These mass shootings are an American phenomenon. No other country allows their citizens to own these types of rapid-fire guns. Put two and two together and figure it out for yourself. The gun situation in this country is a national disgrace.4 votes#10.11 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:18 PM ESTno more filbertNot necessarily Sue.  What if he had decided to blow up the school?1 vote#10.12 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:37 PM ESTStunnedByTheAgeGaithersburgger: Haven't these guns been banned in Norway for a lot longer than in Australia? Yet it still happened there did it not?I say we ban certain people from being parents....2 votes#10.13 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:44 PM ESTudontknowGaithersburger: "No other country allows their citizens to own these types of rapid-fire guns. Put two and two together and figure it out for yourself. The gun situation in this country is a national disgrace."Wrong, the Swiss are a heavily armed nation (about 55 guns for every 100 people). They have no true military so the citizens are trained in and armed with military grade weapons. The disgrace in this country is the fact that we blame someone or something for every terrible thing in this country. Right here people are blaming his mother and the guns without noticing the underlying sickness that is permeating our American culture. There is something very wrong with our society and the overall mental state of our country. It comes down to how our kids are being raised here. They are being told that everything in life is roses and candy. Every kid gets a trophy playing sports and nobody keeps score, so nobody's feelings get hurt. Don't raise your voice or, god forbid, a hand to a child who is doing wrong because he/she will be scarred for life. Don't make a child do anything he/she doesn't want to due because it will damage his/her self esteem. Suck it up! Life is tough and will kick you in the butt every now and then! I don't remember getting a trophy for stocking the shelves right at my last job and you know what, they do keep score at work! The guy with the positive points gets the raise and the promotion. That is reality and we're raising a bunch of kids who can't deal with it. They are taught if they are big enough jerks and sluts, you get famous and make lots of money. They are being taught if something goes wrong you just sue someone and get rich. They are told that everything will just happen for them and it is all great. Then when it doesn't, they look for someone to blame. Anyone. And these types of tragic occurrences are the result.It is not going to get better until we, as a culture and society change the way we look at things and restore values. I'm not talking religion, just down to Earth, common sense values and respect that we seem to have lost.#10.14 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 3:48 PM ESTmadashell111The reason the mother of this MURDERER is being blamed is because she trained this lunatic to shoot guns, taking him to target prectice. She might as well have armed him and drove him to the school herself!Not only did she train him, but did not get the proper help for this thing's mental condition, although finances was not an issue here, as it is for the un-wealthy to get help. She was obviously in deep denial.#10.15 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:59 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Mason BuddyPlease get rid of this state police spokesman, Lt. Lacy.  His inability to be forthright with the nation's media is the prime reason there are so many conflicting reports.  This latest news that there are now two survivors only came to light this morning because of the media's digging.4 votes#11 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:32 AM ESTcgtravWow and that was the SPOKESMAN's fault????   Come on, if no one told him then there's no way he could tell us.   He's not G*d you know.I've been VERY impressed by the job he's doing.5 votes#11.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:38 AM ESTShot a man in Reno...Mason,The priority is to investigate the crime. Not to inform you.  What do you really need to know at this time?  You are just being a voyeur.VOYEUR2: a prying observer who is usually seeking the sordid or the scandalous3 votes#11.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:14 AM ESTNStizThis isn't about guns.  How sad that people who live with someone who is mentally ill can't get the help they need.  Often times, even if they do seek help it's not enough.  Anti gun nuts want gun laws. Sorry, that won't help.  Read the wonderful article by Liza Long entitled " I am Adam Lanza's mother."  It's a story of a mom living with a child who tends to be violent and cannot find the appropriate help- except jail.  It's  a real eye opener!  I am including the link.And stop blaming his mom.  I can't imagine living with a child like this.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/12/16/i-am-adam-lanzas-mother-mental-illness-conversation_n_2311009.html5 votes#12 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:32 AM ESTdirpYes, it is about GUNS.It is about someone KILLING his mother with a gun.Then going to a school and breaking into it, with guns.Then killing a school principal, with guns.Then killing a school psychologist, with guns.Then going to a classroom and killing teachers and children, with guns.Then going to another classroom and killing teachers and children, with guns.Then going to another classroom and killing teachers and children, with guns.And, finally, killing himself, with a gun.Its ALL ABOUT KILLING, WITH GUNS !!!8 votes#12.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:01 AM ESTdocsdaughterI just read the article by liza Long and youre right it is an eyeopener. However we may never know what went on in the Lanza home. And if nancy Lanza realized her childs problems she should not have had these weapons in her home especially an assault rifle. And this is about guns and mental health. This young man was deeply troubled but if he had not had access to these weapons this horrible tragedy might have been averted. Ms. Long removed all the sharp objects from her home so her son could not access them. Perhaps Ms. Lanza should have done the same with her guns. It is time for our country to have a calm rational discussion about this issue not more rhetoric and name calling. My deepest condolences to the families and friends of the innocents lost in this tragedy.2 votes#12.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:03 AM ESTno more filbertDirp.  I've never once heard you blame the shooter in all of this?  Do you not hold him accountable?  I mean, how did mass murders ever happen before the invention of guns?  Before guns, everyone lived in peace and harmony, right?  1 vote#12.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:38 PM ESTmadashell111@NStiz - I also read that article and I feel for that mother - because she has recognized and is trying to help her son. This murderer's mother knew her son was "unstable" but was in denial about the depth of his mental illness. She also refrained from getting him help - eventhough finances were not an issue, as is with many of the mentally ill. She also put a gun in his hand and taught him how to use it - an utterly appalling and totally irresponsible act. This murderer should have been put away years ago. Also, what exactly was she so afraid of in that small community with no history of violent acts, that necessitated her need for protection - from what? Her own son, perhaps? And why did he have access to these weapons? No, she is as guilty as that murdering bastard and may as well have armed him and drove him to the school herself! I hope she too is in a special Hell!  #12.4 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:18 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Tom Adamsvia FacebookAlways amazing to me that there are so many gun experts and mental health experts in our society, just none of this expertise ever leads to anything productive. Just as there are so many energy & economic policy experts, and we have the energy policy, and national debt that we do. And instead of people looking in a mirror, they always seem to be looking around a corner for a conspiracy.6 votes#13 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:32 AM ESTArtie-1928387Good points LOL.  Unfortunate the killer wasn't diagnosed with these tendencies if in counseling and had such easy access to his mother's guns but I'm sure she didn't think of him as a threat even if the signs were there.  It just made it easier to get the weapons for him but he'd have gotten them elsewhere if not at home.#13.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:22 AM ESTalan_staticEveryone who wants an AR-15, go out and buy one while you have the chance.1 vote#14 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:34 AM ESTEngEsqYep, because clearly we need more assault rifles out there.I've heard of shotguns and handguns being used effectively to protect oneself (although you are far more likely to be shot by your own gun than ever use it for defense, but that is a separate issue), but never an assault rifle.7 votes#14.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:38 AM ESTdirpalan: And I suggest that anyone who has one, place it under your chin, aiming for the back of your head and pull the trigger.One less gun idiot in the world.3 votes#14.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:03 AM ESTalan_staticOh man dirp, your parents don't own guns do they?4 votes#14.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:07 AM ESTmtucrtExactly because these spineless gun grabbers do not under stand our hobby or how we choose to employ the firearms.The firearms industry is the most overregulated industy in the United States and its the only industy where other nations can steal our jobs. A "assault" weapon ban will eliminate many jobs that are need to keep the economy afloat. You can use an AR15 as a hunting rifle for varmits or deer. I personally use mine for match shooting and shooting steel at my local range and am planning on trying hunting with it next year2 votes#14.4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:08 AM ESTstonepipe2Drip- it's time to put on your big boy pants.1 vote#14.5 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:59 AM ESTSteve-O-1267615alan_static and his gun nut friends are sick.  This Navy veteran is disgusted.mtucrt:  so we should allow military-style guns to be sold so you can shoot steel.  And if there's another mass-murder then what?  Blame who?  Blame you.  The blood of these kids are on your hands.  Jobs, give me a f*cking break.  You want a job and shoot weapons join the military.5 votes#14.6 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:25 PM ESTJPinMNI've shot both a 12 gauge and the .223 rifle. If i was unlucky enough to be hit in a hunting accident, I'd rather chance the much smaller .223 round over a shotgun slug or "buckshot". I think the doctors would have a much more difficult time fixing me or one of my hunting buddies up with a shotgun wound.  KEEP YOUR GUNS WHERE THEY CANT BE STOLEN!KEEP YOR GUNS LOCKED AND IN A SAFE! KEEP YOUR GUNS SEPARATELY FROM YOUR AMMUNITION!IF A WACKO MAY ACCESS YOUR GUNS, YOU DON'T DESERVE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF POSSESSING THEM! #14.7 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:32 PM ESTmtucrtThe blood of the children is not on my hands but is instead on the hands of those writing the propaganda that is driving a dividing spike into the country.My honor is not in serving in the military for it is in learning how to design the devices that protect them.Since when do I get the protection of body guards like so many of the anti gun people.Mass murder is going to happen no matter what is legal or illegal. How many felonies is it going to take?Steve-O-1267615: You took an oath to uphold and honor the constitution, I thank you for your service but doubt your loyalty to the people.#14.8 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:03 PM ESTfleghammerSteve-O, as a current Sailor, your comment disgusts me. To all the people referring to an AR-15 as an "assault" rifle with "100 round clips" you are the problem. It is a semi-automatic rifle shooting a high powered .22 caliber projectile. The vast majority of magazines have a 30 round capacity. An AR-15's rounds pass through their target, not causing nearly as much damage as a handgun or shotgun's round which travels at a slower velocity and are generally a much higher caliber creating larger wounds.#14.9 - Tue Dec 18, 2012 12:43 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Kim from UtahIt appears that Adam Lanza and Christopher Krumm have a lot in common; Asperger's and being brilliant and deadly.  You do not need a gun to kill people; Christopher Krumm proved that.  What we need is not gun control, but a complete over haul of Mental Health System in America.  No one wants to fund mental health care.  No one wants to pay for mental health care.  No insurance company wants to pay for mental health care.  Funding for mental health care is at an extremely volatile low point.  The jails and prisons are full of mentally ill people, because that is our new sanitariums since the changes in 1980s.  More human treatment meant NO treatment for the mentally ill. People fail to note that you will pay one way or another for the mentally ill.  You can pay for treatment, or you can pay for prisons or you can pay with death, but there is going to be a cost.  It seems to me that treatment is seriously the best option for society, but society would rather pay for prisons and by death. 6 votes#15 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:45 AM ESTRobbie the robotChristopher Krumm had a knife, bow and arrow when he went into his killing spree and killed 2 people and himself.  If he had an assault rifle, he might had killed 20 to 30 people.  Adam Lanza killed 27 people with an assault rifle.  If he only had a knife, bow and arrow, he would only killed his mom and probably  would gotten his ass beat by the teachers and principal at the elementary school.  Limiting one type of gun is a very simple solution.  Trying to treat 10 million mentally ill people where most of them do not want to be treated is incredibly expensive and not very effective.  Not many mentally ill people actually go out and do this kind of thing.  But many "normal" people shot and kill each other every day.  UK 58 gun murders last year while the USA 8,775 gun murders.  Any gun law would not be very effective because, there are already 270,000,000 guns floating out there in the US.  But it would still help.4 votes#15.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:18 PM ESTmadashell111@ Kim from Utah - I agree with you. Time to re-open the state mental institutions and get these crazy bastards off the street!#15.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:22 AM ESTalan_staticSo how did they miss this second injured person anyway?2 votes#16 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:46 AM ESTSissie-2189019Instead of buying guns for self defense, how about a big well trained guard dog.  Even my loudmouthed beagle could give pause to a would be intruder.   She is protective and sounds like a big dog.  Who would want to risk being chewed up by a dog when they could go to another, quiet house?2 votes#17 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:49 AM ESTEngEsqStatistically speaking, the most effective deterrent to home invasion is a dog (regardless of size).  It is more effective than an alarm system, a gun or physical barriers.7 votes#17.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:51 AM ESTpissed-in-paYeah right she needs all those weapons to protect herself. Sure did protect her right? Live by the sword die by the sword. One less crazy gun collector on this earth.2 votes#18 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:49 AM ESTmtucrtGun collectors are not crazy, we just better educated in fine machining, mechanics, physics, common sense and we appreciate the art of the ingraving or the checkering. I personally own several rifles and shoot all them every other week. All of the women I have introduced to target shooting have enjoyed it and are often better shots than me.There are several things that need to be added to my collection such as suppressors or silencers, .50 bmg barrett rifles, M1 Garands, M14's, more AR15s, bolt guns, shotguns and handguns. Its just a hobby just like your drug addiction, porn addiction or what ever else you do for your hobbies that I don't want to know about.1 vote#18.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:06 PM ESTSteve-O-1267615mtucrt:  how many kids could you kill with those guns?1 vote#18.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:29 PM ESTSanthoshaI'm sure mtucrt could not kill one single child with his guns.2 votes#18.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:05 PM ESTmtucrtStevo-O-1267615- ZERO My morals and religous practices (Hardcore Catholic and proud of it.) will not let me snap and kill. You are unjustly and unrightously jumping to the conclusion that I want to harm innocents and am a criminal. My guns have only been used at rifle ranges and family property where it is safe to shoot paper circles, playing cards, plastic bottles, steel swingers and the occasional pest squirrel or rabbit.The gun community as a whole hates how it has to go on the defensive every time we have to start defending our rights from a fearing minority who want to start a police state. Stop fearing an inanamite chunk of steel, aluminum and ploymer. Fear is the lack of knowledge. Go out and enjoy your life just like many of us in the gun community do on a regular basis.I learned how to shoot though the Boy Scouts, the NRA, Hunters Safety and with spending quality time with my grandfathers and my father, even now I am still learning with the assistance of an USAS shooting coach to learn Olympic 3 position Rifle at my college of choice. I understand some of you don't want anything to do with guns which is fine but don't punnish the responsible users of firearms for the actions of one disturbed person who had the cowardly idea of taking the lives of innocent children.The problem is the pro gun and the anti gun folks need to understand each other. I propose making a mandatory gun safety class to be taught in all middle schools to early high schools and to enact laws limiting the ability of the media and special interest groups to make profit of the untimely deaths of children and adults. Maybe paint all of the guns pink.Bans are ineffective by the numbers (fbi stats example:)  and the features they entail, mandatory storage at a police station (like my college's) is a pain to both the gun owner and the police department. Limiting magazine capacity is useless because of the ability to carry more than one magazine or the use of stripper clips. Even if there is a total ban, premature deaths will not be prevented such as DUIs, murder, doctor accidents and fire. Maybe there will be more archery attacks like that recent college one.1 vote#18.4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:41 PM ESTrx7turb0@ SanthoshaSomeone else could take his guns and do illegal activities with them.  Not cool.1 vote#18.5 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:57 PM ESTscar_tissue(Hardcore Catholic and proud of it.)One of the Ten Commandments is *Thou shalt not kill*.Didn't seem to phase the equally Catholic shooter in this case.I learned how to shoot though the Boy Scouts, the NRA, Hunters Safety and with spending quality time with my grandfathers and my father, even now I am still learning with the assistance of an USAS shooting coach to learn Olympic 3 position Rifle at my college of choice.Interesting resume.Basically a kid w/ guns here, steeped in gun culture from the cradle, knowing naught else, presuming to come by & lecture the adults.I understand some of you don't want anything to do with guns which is fine but don't punnish the responsible users of firearms for the actions of one disturbed person who had the cowardly idea of taking the lives of innocent children.That bad stuff w/ guns, that only happens to other kids, b/c everyone else w/ guns is responsible.Got it.(BTW there's one *n* in *punish*.)The problem is the pro gun and the anti gun folks need to understand each other.Your guns will be pried from your cold, dead hands is about the sole extent of *understanding*.Perhaps someday, you'll get your wish.1 vote#18.6 - Tue Dec 18, 2012 9:40 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices rx7turb0Times have changed with intelligent lunatics among us with weapons and a plan. We can have a roaming armed security guard of the highest standard on school grounds lying in wait. 1 or 2 guards per school depending on school. And there should be a panick button of some sort for this situation. "Secret service" for vulnerable elementary students if you will. Some college campuses have a campus police departments.  Just an idea.1 vote#19 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:51 AM ESTmtucrtUnfortunatly college campus cops have a very limited idea on the differences and uses of firearms beside thier duty firearm. It took over 30 minutes for me to explain to one of my colleges cops what a match rifle was and that you could shoot it at my schools indoor rifle range.I would rather trust a ccp holder over a cop, because the ccp holder is more likely to have practiced in the last 2 weeks thanks to budget cuts unless that cop is a member of a swat team.AR15s can be configured to be the perfect rifle. Remove two pins and I can go from a match upper to hunting upper, to precision upper, to range upper within 30 seconds and change caliber such as .223 remington to inexpensive .22LR.#19.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:56 AM ESTrx7turb0My point was some college campuses had some sort of security close by(effective or ineffective).  For elementary schools the most vulnerable are the very young students.  We should have the highest skilled guard(s) in a strategic position for an emergency as a 1st line of defense.  Also, there should be some sort of a panic button.  Calling 911 in this situation seems too time consuming.  Maybe, just maybe there could have been less or even no victims.  It's only a matter of time when this will happen again.1 vote#19.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:51 PM ESTIA.ScooterTrampas i stated before...OK all you anti gun folks...simple solution. if you are so appalled by firearms go outside right now and place a "gun free zone" sign in your yard or on your door... criminals wouldn't dare mess with you right....isnt that the way it works?.....don't worry the cops have got your back....and besides that you get to proudly display your thoughts on the matter to your neighbors.  .....or aren't you that sure of your viewpoint?.... the choice is very clear  stand behind your viewpoint 100% or not at all......put up or shut up.6 votes#20 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:55 AM ESTRoadkillBad Guys!!  Get your NEW gun here!^^ (Just wait for the cars to leave!)2 votes#20.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:34 AM ESTNStizAmen IA.ScooterTramp!  Great idea!2 votes#20.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:40 AM ESTSteve-O-1267615no.  I won't.  I'm so sick of you gun nuts.  We're not going away and we're going to fight so that there won't be 20 more dead kids to morn the next time a kid decides to go crazy.  Enjoy your guns now, because it's going to be over soon.3 votes#20.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:31 PM ESTIA.ScooterTrampsteve      no.  I won't. not very proud of your "convictions" now are ya?put up or shut up.....2 votes#20.4 - Tue Dec 18, 2012 9:14 AM ESTrick2254a pump shotgun is your best home defence you dont have to be an expert shot, handguns are not a good choice in the home that is.shooting a handgun in the home you have the danger of a round going through the wall ,into  an adjoining room and for those of you that have neighbors there is the possibility of injuring your neighbor.just the sound of the shotgun chambering a shell should usually work .all the guns out there that everyone is calling assault rifles is a semi automatic which means you have to pullthe trigger each individual time for each shot.just like a six shooter in a sense.one pull one shot.they just have a magazine that holds alot of bullets,its not a machine gun. those are illegal anywhere in the us for everyday citizens.the so called assault rifle shoots a normal hunting round like a .223 i have no qualms if someone wants to own one if they go through the federal background check why would you need one for protection unless you feel you need to shoot someone 100 yards out.doesn't make alot of sense.i thought i would try to dum it down a little there is to much hype about what a assault weapon is.its just a rifle carrying lot of bullets made to look bad ass1 vote#21 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:01 AM ESTbbraastadRick,Agreed that a shotgun (umm...of a certain type) is the best home defense. My reasoning came about after having taken a gun safety course. I had kept a 45 automatic (circa 1919...!!?? NO EXCUSE there) but realized that I could not use it. So, I got rid of it. During the course a woman asked what the best weapon would be for self-defense. The answer (denied by the instructor in future reference): a sawed-off shotgun. There were every kind of weapons on display there. The answer made sense to me because of the psychology involved. The one defending against the criminal is the one with the 'normal' mindset: they do not WANT to kill. However, the intruder (one SHOULD ASSUME) does want to kill. It is too difficult (in my thinking) in that moment to register all that one should do to get the ffoutcome that one wants. I would want them to STOP or LEAVE. That, I have realized, won't happen or they could return. So, the weapon that is most likely to stop them to get the outcome that I would want is a shotgun. The mental flurry in getting the person to leave would  take up the time for a quick response (just what a criminal wants - to confuse you and get you off guard). The weapon that is most likely to acheive the best outcome is one which will stop the intruder in a 'regularly' sized room and the sooner that one fires the LESS likely one is to kill them (something that will only cause you to hesitate). However, you are probably going to stop them (at the cost of a litlle blood on your carpets).4 votes#21.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:29 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Sonny Huffman-5370302Banning guns is not the answer.  The criminals don't obey the laws and it only leaves the rest of us unarmed.  No thanks.10 votes#22 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:11 AM ESTBiscuits-3969445Amen Sonny.  Very true.  Take away guns and we dont have any means to defend ourselves while others illegally obtain guns.  Taking away guns is not the answer.  in most cases, we need better monitoring of our mentally ill.  just wait until the 1 in 88 of autistic children reach the age of 18.  I am not saying that they will be criminals at all.  what i am saying is who will take care of these children if the parents are unable?  we need to have better services in place, more places for them and better monitoring.  it is not guns that are at issue here.  as in the article of I am Lanza's mother, there are many parents in this situation of having a very smart very bright child who is also very violent becuase of a mental illness.  they have nowhere to turn but to the jails.  that isn't right.  something has to change.1 vote#22.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:08 PM ESTMean GirlI don't hear anyone calling to ban cars since they cause drunk driving accidents.  How about we ban dogs, cause you know they sure do kill alot of folks every year.  How about we also ban knives, cause those crazy folks in China use them to kill children in schools.  You can ban guns all you want, but that is not going to stop someone from killing.  They will just find another way.  Why wasn't Lanza getting treatment for mental illness?Why do those with mental illness fall through the cracks of our healthcare system?  Maybe we should be looking at that instead of banning guns.2 votes#23 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:21 AM ESTcasualty09Mean Girl wrote: "You can ban guns all you want, but that is not going to stop someone from killing. They will just find another way."That is not necessarily true. When cops and prosecutors are trying to solve a crime, they look at two things: motive and opportunity. If someone wants to kill, they have the motive. But they also have to have the opportunity to do so. Which is where guns come in - they make it far easier to inflict mass carnage of the type we saw in Newtown or Aurora than, say, knives or other weapons. And let's be realistic: certain TYPES of guns (and magazines holding a large amount of ammunition) make it even easier to inflict mass carnage. I don't see many folks saying we should ban guns, but every time someone suggests reasonable limitations, the NRA and their political ilk act as if that were the same effect as repealing the Second Amendment. It's not. Yes, we as a society should do more to identify the mentally ill and get them help (thus working on the motive side of the equation), but we should also do more on the opportunity side, which would include better background checks (our current system is full of loopholes) to keep weapons out of the hands of crazies, and limits on the types of weapons that can be sold (maybe the # as well, so that shooters can't show up at a school with an arsenal) - so as to avoid these mass killings. For instance, if a shooter wants to kill as many people as possible, it's a lot harder for him to do so if he has to reload every so often. . . . So we as a society should work on limiting a shooter's OPPORTUNITY to engage in mass killings - by limiting the weapons (and ammunition) we allow people to purchase. . . . Sure, folks should be able to purchase guns for legitimate, non-lethal purposes including hunting, target shooting, personal protection, etc. But make it hard for them to purchase weaponry designed to kill as many people as possible and you'll limit the possibility of more Auroras and Newtowns.5 votes#23.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:50 AM ESTbbraastadAGREED!#23.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:06 PM ESTbbraastadMean Girl:Get real! People have to have vehicle licensing renewed every few years, if certain motor vehicle laws have been abused then the license is denied and hopefully some cop will find them, soon enough. Vehicles have a 'little' to do with vehicular homicide just as certain guns have something to do with homicide. We are not allowed to have certain types of vehicles on the road OR we have to have special licensure for them.  The LEAST that this society can do to control the 'nutcases' (even with the help of mental health professionals, which they will concede is often to no avail) is to make the access to weapons CLEARLY designed for ONLY killing people unavailable except to those who are designated to have them  (armed service individuals).1 vote#23.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:13 PM ESTSteve-O-1267615when was the last time there was a mass-murder with a car as a weapon?  No one goes out to kill with their car.  And if they did the couldn't get into a classroom and mow over 30 people.You wanna talk parked cards?  Oh, the Oklahoma City bombing?  Yes, I remember.  Now it's much harder to get explosives since that horrible incident.  And they track people that do buy materials that can be used as a bomb.  They changed the laws to make us safer.  We should do the same with guns.2 votes#23.4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:34 PM ESTStuckinthedesert@Steve-O-1267615 In 2003 there was an 89 year old man who purposefully ran over and killed 10 people in a Farmer's Market in California. So that's when the last time someone committed mass murder with a car. #23.5 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 7:19 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices C David JamesWhere was this cry to ban guns when 1 or 2 innocent children were gunned down in drive by shootings?  Why isn't the issue of the hoods and bangers using AKs and Glocks indiscriminately to murder everyday in places like LA, Detroit  and Chicago not mentioned?  Places that have some of the toughest gun laws on the books by the way....3 votes#24 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:25 AM ESTalan_staticBecause those were places in the ghetto and weren't white kids killed in a mass shooting that's why.#24.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:28 AM ESTno more filbertBecause you hit it with one comment.  "to murder everyday".  Because it happens so often, it gets ignored.  How often do you hear of fatal car accidents?  1 vote#24.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:40 PM ESTRick-546746Can one of you gun toting NRA crazies please explain what legit purpose other than the shotgun has in our country? These weapons and their ammo are made to kill people...they are not for hunting or home self defense...I have an idea...ban all guns in public and send offenders away for mandatory life sentences...and why are these gun toting crzies always angry white guys anyway?2 votes#25 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:25 AM ESTC David JamesThis of course makes every concealed weapons permit holder in this country an instant criminal.  People who are law abiding who have gone through extensive background checks and by and large have a high degree of training and a greater sense of the responsibility they bear in carrying a firearm.But that isn't the issue is it.  This is about the irrational fear of guns.  Which in all to many cases comes down to ignorance of the matter.  If this were really about the children then there would have been a cry about all the children and innocents killed in drive by shootings and gang violence a long time ago.  But those are just statistics.....And just for the record I'm not a member of the NRA and certainly not a crazy... and yes I have the paperwork to prove it. :D3 votes#25.1 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:29 AM ESTalan_staticSome people do hunt with AR-15's along with shotguns, crossbows. I imagine people do even hunt with handguns and sticks of dynamite.#25.2 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:30 AM ESTrick2254outside of protection shotguns are great for skeet, bird(fowl duck pheasant) a shotgun is worthless for most hunting. i sar this with all respect but your ignorant to the fact that you would think that shotguns is the ownly legit hunting tool.you dont use a shotgun hunting game like deer elk antelope bear or whatever.you need a good deer rifle .which the caliber of choice for many is a 223 round besides other. i say this with all respect toyou2 votes#25.3 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:36 AM ESTstonepipe2Ummm... I believe dynamite is used for fishing only. :)1 vote#25.4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:03 PM ESTbbraastadalan static:??Sticks of dynamite??!!2 votes#25.5 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:07 PM ESTSteve-O-1267615it's a fact that 40 percent of gun sales go through without a background check or gun permit.  That's a fact.  You gun nuts keep bring up cars.  Do we let 40-percent of drivers get cars with out a licence or some sort of certification?  Never.Think people.3 votes#25.6 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:36 PM ESTno more filbertSteve, how easy is it to by alcohol?  All you have to be is 21, that's it.  Nothing else to stop you.  Nothing.  You don't even need a license or anything, just proof you are 21.  Why is the idea of wanting to own a gun suddenly make someone a nut?  Maybe you are a car nut?  Maybe you are an alcohol nut?  Maybe you are a sex nut?  #25.7 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:42 PM ESTbibielisaHey, "filbert", he said"gun nut" NOT gun owner. Wow, I can see that you take things out of context or do you not distinguish between an alcoholic and one who drinks responsibly. Wait, don't answer that I already know the answer.2 votes#25.8 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 12:57 PM ESTGreg-3919610Rick - In CT it is illegal to hunt on public land with anything other than a shotgun.  CT has some of the most restrictive gun laws in the nation.  Plenty of deer are harvested each year with shotguns, using buck shot or slugs.  Just an FYI.1 vote#25.9 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 1:02 PM ESTJB from metro NYfilbert is a great example of the big problem that we have. People like this that use no rational thought, just blurt out the lines that they have been brainwashed with. Meanwhile, 20 kids were killed and we need to try to do something about this.1 vote#25.10 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:43 PM ESTNStizSteve-OI respect your opinion but could you please provide a link showing that 40% of gun sales go through without a check?  I'd like to read it.  Thanks#25.11 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 2:58 PM ESTglennaarchibald30DeletedBambam5They need to look beyond the gun issue.  How about revamping the justice system, hang the crimal lawyers and  and put these crazies in a Mental Hospital wher they belong.#25.13 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 9:22 PM ESTtakenakaBan semi-automatic weapons.2 votes#25.14 - Tue Dec 18, 2012 12:04 AM ESTJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  5Leave a Comment:Name: Email Address (will be verified, but never shown): You're in Easy Mode. If you prefer, you can use XHTML Mode instead.You're in XHTML Mode. If you prefer, you can use Easy Mode instead.(XHTML tags allowed - a,b,blockquote,br,code,dd,dl,dt,del,em,h2,h3,h4,i,ins,li,ol,p,pre,q,strong,ul)Post to my Facebook WallNewsvine Privacy StatementAs a new user, you may notice a few temporary content restrictions. Click here for more info.Most popular postsolder2daysagoSnow storms forecast for parts of New England, Northwestnewer2daysagoUmbrella, not gun, prompts Pennsylvania high school lockdownMost popular posts512Family: Newtown boy's favorite teacher died cradling him in her arms24hoursago555Lone survivor in Connecticut classroom: 'Mommy, I'm OK, but all of my friends are dead'2daysago1052Very heavily armed gunman shot mother multiple times before killing 26 at Connecticut school, police say3daysago1279Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say4daysago879Authorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacre5daysagoBrowsefeatured, crime, military, weather, environment, california, florida, shooting, education, us-news, new-york, gulf-oil-spill, texas, kari-huus, police, chicago, trayvon-martin, obama, afghanistan, sandy, los-angeles, murder, new-jersey, politics, barack-obama, george-zimmerman, colorado, gay, religion, school, hurricane, decision-2012, arizona, penn-state, veteransAlsoAdvertise | AdChoices Archives2012December (308)November (460)October (477)September (432)August (525)July (519)June (508)May (566)April (538)March (576)February (471)January (417)2011December (455)November (190)October (9)September (3)August (51)July (8)June (3)May (12)April (5)March (3)February (1)January (8)2010December (5)November (1)October (2)September (28)August (40)July (35)June (177)May (50)April (9)March (2)February (2)January (4)2009December (5)November (5)October (2)September (11)August (4)July (12)June (1)May (1)April (1)March (3)February (3)January (2)2008December (3)November (2)October (6)September (30)August (26)July (10)June (4)May (8)April (13)March (9)February (7)January (6)2007December (10)November (6)October (22)September (11)Most CommentedElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter  (11329)EXCLUSIVE: Susan Rice drops out of running for secretary of state, cites 'very politicized' confirmation process (1970)Same-sex wife of Army officer banned from joining Fort Bragg spouses club (2300)Fierce debate after Newtown school shootings: Where was God? (2045)Hillary Clinton recovering after fainting, suffering a concussion (2308)Mom of suspected school shooter -- first to die -- was avid gun enthusiast, friend says (1662)Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say (1279)Other blogsThe Body OddCosmic LogRed Tape ChroniclesPhotoBlogGadgetboxTechnologUS NewsOpen ChannelInGame top stories3147,10 2012 NBCNews.comUS news on NBCNews.com About usContactHelpSite mapCareersClosed captioningTerms & ConditionsPrivacy policyAdvertise