'Light amidst the darkness': Heroic teacher Victoria Soto remembered - U.S. NewsMSNHotmailMoreAutosMy MSNVideoCareers & JobsPersonalsWeatherDelishQuotesWhite PagesGamesReal EstateWonderwallHoroscopesShoppingYellow PagesLocal EditionTrafficFeedbackMaps & DirectionsTravelFull MSN IndexBing NBCNews.comsites & shows:TODAYNightly NewsRock CenterMeet the PressDatelinemsnbcBreaking NewsEveryBlockNewsvineHomeUSWorldPoliticsBusinessSportsEntertainmentHealthTech & scienceTravelLocalWeatherAdvertise | AdChoices Recommended: 'Light amidst the darkness': Heroic teacher Victoria Soto rememberedRecommended: School abuse victim wins record $23 million in damagesRecommended: Cops: Fla. after-school basketball coach tried to get teen into porn videosRecommended: Craigslist case: Calif. couple shot while trying to sell iPhoneNBC News reporters bring you compelling stories from across the nation. For more U.S. news, follow us on Twitter and Facebook.  About this blog Archives E-mail updates Follow on Twitter Subscribe to RSS302commentsPrint1hourago'Light amidst the darkness': Heroic teacher Victoria Soto rememberedSlideshow: Newtown school massacre / A nation mourns after the second deadliest school shooting in U.S. history at Sandy Hook Elementary, which left 20 children and six staff members dead.Launch slideshowBy Tracy Connor and Sandra Lilley, NBC News One of Newtowns heroic teachers  remembered as a bright light on the darkest of days  was being laid to rest Wednesday.Mourners who arrived at a church in Stratford, Conn., for Victoria Sotos funeral were handed ribbons of green, her favorite color.Obtained by NBC NewsVictoria Soto, 27, first-grade teacher at Sandy Hook elementary. Soto had taught for five years and was known by students as silly and loving.Outside, they spoke of the 27-year-olds selfless final act: She died trying to protect her first-grade students at Sandy Hook Elementary School from rifle fire during Fridays massacre, according to her family.Mind-boggling what she had to go through, said family friend Ryan Ortiz, 27. No matter how many times I sit at home and think of what I would have done, you just can't imagine being in that situation.Advertise | AdChoices In my opinion, she was that light amidst the darkness that was going on that day in that school, Ortiz said. There's really no other way to remember her than being that light in that room."Soto, who was in her fifth year of teaching, was finishing up her daily morning meeting with the students of Classroom 10 when gunman Adam Lanza began his rampage.Relatives say they were told she hurried the kids into a closet behind her and tried to shield them from the bullets.Some of the children in her class managed to survive the slaughter. Many did not.Victims in shooting: Daring principal, fun-loving teacher, 6-year-old twin brotherFunerals were being held Wednesday for three more first-graders -- Charlotte Bacon, Caroline Previdi and Daniel Barden  continuing a week of mourning.A large contingent of firefighters arrived for 7-year-old Daniels funeral at St. Rome of Lima church in Newtown. Two of his relatives are members of the New York City Fire Department, and he dreamed of wearing the FDNY uniform when he grew up, according to a Facebook post from a firefighters foundation.Later on Wednesday, many of Newtowns residents were expected to attend a wake for Sandy Hook Principal Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung, 47, who has been hailed as a hero for running toward the sound of gunfire after Lanza blasted his way into the school.Family: Boy's favorite teacher died cradling himAt a memorial last week, President Obama held the principals granddaughter, just a baby. My mom would be so proud, her daughter tweeted. But not as proud as I am of her.Follow @NBCNewsUSMany of the services have been marked not just by tears, but by calls for tougher gun laws from those in attendance.Miguel Padilla, who works with Sotos father, said he hoped the unity shown in the wake of the tragedy would translate into legislative action.With assault rifles, there is no need for those, he said outside the church. If you need to protect yourself, a handgun is good enough. That a 20-year old can get his hands on [an assault rifle] is pathetic.Something big has to come out of this, he added. They have to change the law.As funerals are held for four more Sandy Hook Elementary victims, President Obama will announce that Vice President Biden will spearhead a panel to formulate gun policies in the aftermath of the Newtown tragedy. NBC's Craig Melvin reports.Related content:'If you do good, you'll feel good': Origins of #26Acts of KindnessSlideshow: Newtown school massacreFamily: Boy's favorite teacher died cradling himFor teachers, classroom security concerns come to the foreExplore related topics: teacher, featured, connecticut-school-shooting, victoria-sotoolder2hoursagoFBI: $50,000 reward for capture of bank robbers who escaped jail using bedsheetsnewer24minutesagoAfghanistan massacre case: Army to seek death penalty against US soldier Discuss this postJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  5IRESPOND-2315268 Comment collapsed by the communityHopefully now, the bashing and negative press of the GOP towards Education and teachers will stop. Also, they need to rethink their business relationship with the NRA, and stop paving the way for more mass murders in this country.Bring the troops from Afghanistan to protect ourselves from ourselves. Forget the Taliban. I am sure they have less weapons than any town in the US.24 votes#1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:05 AM ESTWindancersong-1494878You are callous enough to drag petty politics  into an article about the funeral of a wonderful teacher murdered protecting children slaughtered by a shooter who killed 20 kids, just to promote your personal political agenda? Using her when she isn't even buried yet, as your soapbox is pretty pathetic and heartless.It is wonderful to know, there are teachers who absolutely love their job and working with their little students. How tragic that we have lost, not only such young lives that had so much life ahead of them, but also dedicated teachers as well. The impact of such a teacher on one life, is impossible to calculate.But on a whole classroom of impressionable minds, over years, it is impossible to imagine. Our country is poorer for the loss of both this teacher, and her charges.34 votes#1.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:19 AM ESTChris Rhodes ScholarNo other news organization likes to sensationalize a tragedy for political gain like MSNBC.  Thank goodness the majority of the country is slightly right of center and sees through this jornalistic garbage.  Then we have posters like you trying to garner support for your ridiculous agendas as if the NRA had anything to do with this terrible tragedy.  A Mom failing to secure her guns in the home and a deranged and mentally unstable Son are to blame.  The GOP has nothing against teachers.  What we are against are these fiscally impossible wage and benefit plans which have and are bankrupting a number of cities and states.  Its called "unfunded liabilities".  We can see why teachers unions are against pay for performance and instead want to protect non performers with tenure.17 votes#1.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:39 AM ESTIRESPOND-2315268You are callous enough to drag petty politics It's time to stop sweeping the facts under the rug under the false pretenses of never being the appropriate time to discuss the main reason why these tragedies happen. Wake up and smell the coffee. NOBODY IS BEING DISRESPECTFUL BUT you, BY TRYING TO SWEEP IT YET ONE MORE TIME!16 votes#1.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:10 AM ESTIRESPOND-2315268Then we have posters like you trying to garner support for your ridiculous agendasWHILE ALL OF YOU OFFER NOTHING BUT YOUR OPINIONATED BS, THAT SOLVES ABSOLUTELY nothing, but just ridicule other people that wants to do something.Do not read my posts if they insult you, but do not tell me that I have an "agenda"The only "Agenda"here is that of all those that continue defending their "right to bear arms"under the excuse of the second amendment, that was never meant to be a shield for mass murders.We can see why teachers unions are against pay for performance and instead want to protect non performers with tenure.And you ACCUSE ME OF HAVING AN AGENDA!!! shame on yoU!11 votes#1.4 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:14 AM ESTfreedomfrysGod bless this young woman and the rest of the shooting victims.  The second amendment should have been trumped by their right to "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness".  I do not want to go to work or school only to be shot dead by an NRA members son.17 votes#1.5 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:17 AM ESTsinglepayerhealthGood for you IRESPOND. I agree, NOW is the time to change the politics, change the laws, and prevent this from ever happening again. Guns are tools for evil. There need to be VERY strict laws in place.12 votes#1.6 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:51 AM ESTPatrick Wagnervia Facebook@freedomfrys   Really an NRA members son?? Get a clue and grip on life! Guns don't just shoot them selves now do they? Ignorant people on these damn threads make me sick. WE SHOULD PROBABLY BAN OUR MILITARY AS WELL plenty of innocent children and women die from drone attacks BUT YOU DONT SEE THE MEDIA COVERING THAT DO YOU  !!! He had mental issues As Chris Rhodes Scholar said his mother should of locked them up! In my opinion she failed as a parent!! I have a .45, 20 gauge and .22 don't see me shooting up schools and on top of that I have two little sisters. So it only make sense to LOCK THEM UP DUH!! NRA has nothing to do with this if anything people like you are going to allow/make more people to join cause people with no brains in there head and lack of common sense are trying to ban them. UMM how you think this country has got to where it is now think the revolution was fought with sticks and stones??? Your more likely to die while driving your sorry self to school or work.  7 votes#1.7 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:11 AM ESTglimmmerrWe can't allow these lost lives to be in vain. Each and every one of these stories makes me cry, and if it doesn't make you cry there's something seriously wrong that you'd have such a lack of empathy and compassion for others. Think of the absolute terror of these teachers and children as they were gunned down (OMG, I can't help but think of my 1st grader grandson who I love so dearly)... think of the staff and children in the building that survived and the trauma that will torment them for a very long time to come.Of course we MUST discuss the policies that worked toward allowing this kind type of horrific event from even taking place!!! On Friday, after the news reports started coming out, my step daughter's gun collector boyfriend thought it was perfectly appropriate to run out immediately and buy a couple more semi automatic weapons of mass destruction... and I dare anyone to tell me that's just wonderful. My step daughter and husband are TEACHERS for Gods sake!!! I am praying that she dumps his incredibly STUPID, insensitive ass ASAP. How are we supposed to trust someone like that with our girl? Thank God the little scumbag will be out of town for Christmas, I couldn't abide to have him here with us this year with that kind of attitude.I grew up and lived much of my adult life in a very rural area where most guys (and many women) hunt for a hobby and to help put food on the table; not a problem as long as they get a license, ask permission from the land owner where they plan to hunt, and are properly trained!!! Many people need a small handgun for personal protection as their jobs (hospice & home health agency workers for example) take them into neighborhoods plagued by daily violence; I have no problem with that as long as they're properly trained!!! BUT!!! When these NRA fools feel so entitled and have the absolute need to run out and buy more of these EVIL weapons that have NO practical use, all I see is supreme selfishness.The most important question is... Is someone's so called right to an evil WMD (that has NO practical use) more important than those teachers and children's right to live out their lives!?!?!? What if next time it's one of your loved ones? Do you even have a heart to be outraged or have you been so overtaken with being selfish that you've lost your humanity???For those who think they need to protect themselves from the government (and form a militia or something ridiculous like that), extreme paranoia is a symptom of mental illness. And, if you're THAT dissatisfied with how this country is going, do some research and relocate somewhere that you might feel safer... it's for your own good (and ours).Ps. I happen to have a sibling with a serious mental illness... start collecting the taxes that the rich have been evading for decades now and start to provide some real support for those who suffer with these devastating illnesses (just as hard on their families as those with cancer but usually more extended suffering). Most afflicted with mental illnesses will never hurt anyone but themselves, but they need psychiatric care, medicines and the families desperately need support services. Legislation in this country makes it impossible for parents to help incredibly ill children... this MUST change NOW.13 votes#1.8 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:13 AM ESTbiggreenboo Comment collapsed by the communityirespond... You are just as guilty as the shooter for the deaths.2 votes#1.9 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:18 AM ESTkernolklinkYou sit are an A-HOLE! Nothing you speak of will change anything that has happened, or will happen in the future. Crawl back into your hate filled political agenda and shut up!#1.10 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:41 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots Follow Comment collapsed by the communityJust think......Mexico never had a chance to poison these kids with their illegal drugs!#1.11 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:50 AM ESTPJ-1795048This is how courage and selflessness looks like. We humans have it in ample. We just need to see around rather than up.2 votes#1.12 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:51 AM ESTYesIDidIRESPOND-2315268Hopefully now, the bashing and negative press of the GOP towards Education and teachers will stop. Also, they need to rethink their business relationship with the NRA, and stop paving the way for more mass murders in this country.Bring the troops from Afghanistan to protect ourselves from ourselves. Forget the Taliban. I am sure they have less weapons than any town in the US.------------------Shame on You! This is a time for remembering these teachers and students, not rantings about Politics. Democrats are notorious for "bashing" whatever and whoever does not agree with them and their agendas, so let's not go there ok? This was about these victims, not us or our Political views!To all of the victims of Sandy Hook, may you all RIP. You will never be forgotten.4 votes#1.13 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:58 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots Follow Comment collapsed by the communityWhy are you not showing the victims of Adolph Hitler's gun control.....6 million jews?Not enough room on the page?5 votes#1.14 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:00 AM ESTnorm903 Comment collapsed by the communityMust be a slow news day.  When will this stuff move to section C, page 14?  Enough already; crazy guy creates tragedy, kills himself.  Why are we still reading about it?2 votes#1.15 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:03 AM ESTLusitaniaThe NRA will forget her like garbage, they say if we ban these types of weapons they will only end up in the hands of the criminals, its not the criminals I'm worried about, all of these mass killings were committed by mentally imbalanced people and not criminals..The time is now to get these weapons out of our cultures, we can't go back and analyze anything like why she didn't keep them in a gun safe and if she was mentally imbalanced herself or why there is so much hate in our country..May she rest in peace she was so beautiful..6 votes#1.16 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:08 AM ESTSvenolafsonTime for the "press" to stop their orgy of coverage and let this town grieve together and away from the tragedy vampires that is the Pop Media.10 votes#1.17 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:17 AM ESTProFreedom-5130956@Svenolafson- my sentiments exactly! I am tired of the 'continuing coverage' of this grieving community, keeping us up-to-date on the next funeral to come with the play-by-play. Milking this story for everything they can gain like parasites. This is utterly disgusting behavior.5 votes#1.18 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 9:03 AM ESTChaoti123Its called being human. Forget your polotics. I couldnt care less about polotics. A woman died. A huma lost a life. Polotics are bull@!$%# compared to this.3 votes#1.19 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 9:12 AM ESTBigredmchAfter reading this article and the first post is b.s. from irespond is accusing the GOP of teacher hating.  You're a sick puppy.2 votes#1.20 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 9:33 AM ESTnjofaustinCOLUMBINE STUDENT'S FATHER 12 YEARS LATER !! Guess our national leaders didn't expect this. On Thursday, Darrell  Scott, the father of Rachel Scott, a victim of the Columbine High School  shootings in Littleton, Colorado, was invited to address the House  Judiciary Committee's subcommittee. What he said to our national leaders  during this special session of Congress was painfully truthful. They were not prepared for what he was to say, nor was it received well. It needs  to be heard by every parent, every teacher, every politician, every  sociologist, every psychologist, and every so-called expert! These  courageous words spoken by Darrell Scott are powerful, penetrating, and  deeply personal. There is no doubt that God sent this man as a voice  crying in the wilderness.. The following is a portion of the transcript: "Since the dawn of creation there has been both good & evil in the  hearts of men and women. We all contain the seeds of kindness or the  seeds of violence. The death of my wonderful daughter, Rachel Joy Scott,  and the deaths of that heroic teacher, and the other eleven children  who died must not be in vain. Their blood cries out for answers. "The first recorded act of violence was when Cain slew his brother Abel  out in the field. The villain was not the club he used.. Neither was it  the NCA, the National Club Association. The true killer was Cain, and  the reason for the murder could only be found in Cain's heart. "In the days that followed the Columbine tragedy, I was amazed at how  quickly fingers began to be pointed at groups such as the NRA. I am not a  member of the NRA. I am not a hunter. I do not even own a gun. I am not  here to represent or defend the NRA - because I don't believe that they  are responsible for my daughter's death.  Therefore I do not  believe that they need to be defended. If I believed they had anything  to do with Rachel's murder I would be their strongest opponent. I am here today to declare that Columbine was not just a tragedy -- it  was a spiritual event that should be forcing us to look at where the  real blame lies! Much of the blame lies here in this room. Much of the  blame lies behind the pointing fingers of the accusers themselves. I  wrote a poem just four nights ago that expresses my feelings best. Your laws ignore our deepest needs,  Your words are empty air.  You've stripped away our heritage,  You've outlawed simple prayer.  Now gunshots fill our classrooms,  And precious children die.  You seek for answers everywhere,  And ask the question "Why?"  You regulate restrictive laws,  Through legislative creed.  And yet you fail to understand,  That God is what we need! "Men and women are three-part beings. We all consist of body, mind, and  spirit. When we refuse to acknowledge a third part of our make-up, we  create a void that allows evil, prejudice, and hatred to rush in and  wreak havoc. Spiritual presences were present within our educational  systems for most of our nation's history. Many of our major colleges  began as theological seminaries. This is a historical fact. What has  happened to us as a nation? We have refused to honor God, and in so  doing, we open the doors to hatred and violence. And when something as  terrible as Columbine's tragedy occurs -- politicians immediately look  for a scapegoat such as the NRA. They immediately seek to pass more  restrictive laws that contribute to erode away our personal and private  liberties. We do not need more restrictive laws. Eric and Dylan would  not have been stopped by metal detectors. No amount of gun laws can stop  someone who spends months planning this type of massacre. The real  villain lies within our own hearts. "As my son Craig lay under  that table in the school library and saw his two friends murdered before  his very eyes, he did not hesitate to pray in school. I defy any law or  politician to deny him that right! I challenge every young person in  America , and around the world, to realize that on April 20, 1999, at  Columbine High School prayer was brought back to our schools. Do not let  the many prayers offered by those students be in vain. Dare to move  into the new millennium with a sacred disregard for legislation that  violates your God-given right to communicate with Him. To those of you  who would point your finger at the NRA -- I give to you a sincere  challenge.. Dare to examine your own heart before casting the first  stone!  My daughter's death will not be in vain! The young people of this country will not allow that to happen!" - Darrell Scott Do what the media did not - - let the nation hear this man's speech. Please send this out to everyone you can.  God Bless7 votes#1.21 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 9:40 AM ESTDoWhatsRIght - USAwell done.  thank you for sharing. not a lot of argument coming towards you for your post. what i find so ridiculous is the sterotyping done by so many folks. i am Christian, I typically vote Republican, i do a lot for those in need.  i do a lot for children and others.  in fact i try and do something everyday. yet i am labeled as someone who does not care, a religious freak or something worse. i am told my opinion is wrong, i am told i believe in fairy tales, i am told "my kind" is what is wrong with the country. i have to ignore these response's or my anger takes over. these are personal attacks by people who do not know me. i have great love for this country - to a fault - i have great hope for our children - i want nothing but the very best for everyone. i do not support westboro, or people killing others at abortion clinics or anyone harming anyone in anyway due to their lifestyle or beliefs.  yet i am labeled. when someone ask me what is wrong with our country i start by stating we are divided as a nation, we all have our own opinion and it becomes an agenda and those who want free speech typically only want it when it agree's with their ideas. when the house divides we lose. all of us.  Friday December 14th, as a people and as a nation, we lost. As the President stated in his address at Newtown,  "God Bless and bring comfort and peace to those facing hardship. God  Bless the United States of America".2 votes#1.22 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:03 AM ESTChaoti123I like the poem. He has a way with words...#1.23 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:05 AM ESTIt is timeIgnoring all the banter about guns, religion, and those pushing their agendas (save those for articles about such as this in not the article to do so) I want to actually focus on the topic of the article and say may Victoria Soto rest in peace and live on in eternity or whatever/where ever she believed. She was a true hero. A word that sometimes gets over used or has had its meaning water down some recently. She died saving those children and gave her life so that they could live. It was a senseless death but (depending on how you look at it) it was not fully in vein since she was able to save others. She did her best and died with honor and grace in the face of losing odds. Thank you to Victoria Soto for paying the ultimate price and doing what you did. Again may you rest in peace, you are a true hero and inspiration.It is time1 vote#1.24 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:37 AM ESTTroy Hendrickson-7475499People talking about God before the dead are buried. Satan has his demons working overtime.Look very hard at the people talking about God, it's not God they worship.They're no better than the liberals trying to use rhe slaughter to advance gun control.Sick twisted people like you, if anything, would be the reason this nation gets judged. You talk of God and spit on Jesus.#1.25 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:47 AM ESTsonnylogicOkay perhaps you should lay off the glue .. it's bad for your arteries and the brain cells lost reading your post.  (: happy hollidays!#1.26 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:14 PM ESTsaxonthere is no way to protect society from a lone nut deranged maniac, other then to kill him/her before they kill you or yours/ in every country Thu out history, there have been insane people who go on a killing rampage; everyone says we must pass laws to protect us from these mad-persons; insane people do not care what laws are passed, they live outside of society, they are anti-social.#1.27 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:58 PM ESTVincent-970634RIP Victoria Soto.24 votes#2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:24 AM ESTTomTom-72This teacher reminds me of the Mona Lisa; except that she is more beautiful. What a shame she had to go this way.5 votes#2.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:47 AM ESTsinglepayerhealthShe did not have to go this way. We, as a nation should do better than this, just like Obama said. Stricter gun laws NOW.18 votes#2.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:52 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots Follow Comment collapsed by the communityBan illegal aliens!!! Oh yeah! Mexicans don't follow laws made by gringos!6 votes#2.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:53 AM ESTAlexD-2286027@Obama Wh...Not true amigo...we do follow laws but you follow ignorant beliefs. Innocent people die all the time like this teacher. Let's keep to topic. If this teacher was your sister, daughter or significant other, would you rant like this? or would you want people to show respect for her heroism? She's my SHERO!18 votes#2.4 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:31 AM ESTDawgfan-4710266@singlepayerhealth,Can you explain how stricter laws would have prevented this?  Have you done any research at all or are you just one of the Koolaid drinkers?7 votes#2.5 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:02 AM ESTtaharringtonDawgFan,Your post is so so right. People think to balme everyone and their brother for this, but the truth is the person behind the gun is the issue.fact #1 Conneticut is the only state with the stricktest gun laws in the nation, fact look it upfact#2 If the semi automatic weapons didn't exsist this kid would have used somthing else more powerful to do his deed, like a bomb or dynamite. look at schoolhouse killing in 1929 yes 1929....fact #3 no one remembers the soldier that killed 10 innocent people in afgahnistan, are we going to ban the military too now?fact#3 name one smart and non crazy person who has done somthing like this and was perfectly normal.   answer NONE.They do not want to see the fact is that we have to first arm our schools with undercover police officers or security agents, because a uniformed police officer will stick out and the perpertrator will find a way around this.But in all you will never be able to ensure 100% safety for everyone, ther is unfortunetly going to be a situation that happens where the one person you would lest expect to do somthing like this will do it. So we all need to calm down stop blaming everyone and their brother for this and blame the people who are the ones that created this US we all are responsible, we all need to come togeather as a nation and stop placing the blame on everyone accept the killer himself. He could have done the right thing and took his own life, but instead he chose an evil path and brought evil to that poor town.We all need to take a closer look at our surrondings and eventhough you think it's not your business to get involved,maybe you need to re think that thought now. Maybe if that Marine had gone to authorities and had voiced his concern about the kid and the fact that his mother has weapons around like he was aware of then maybe this wouldn't have happened.6 votes#2.6 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:30 AM ESTLineroIf you really care about this tragedy, why not respond positively by getting involved in your own community.  Its very easy to yak about gun control because you don't have to do anything - except vote or write a letter to congress.  But if you want to honor the memory of the teachers, principal, and children, why not get involved in a mentoring program for kids.  There are over 1500 children murdered each year by their parents - where were you?  There are 100,000 kids in foster care 3 years of age or younger.  Where were you?  If you care, then put your love into action for someone who needs it. 10 votes#2.7 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:01 AM ESTVisionStormThey need to make people like this woman the focus of the story more often, rather than inadvertently glorify the mass murderers that comit these acts by making it (the news) all (or most) about them.3 votes#2.8 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:17 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots Follow Comment collapsed by the communityAlexD-2286027@Obama Wh...Not true amigo...we do follow laws but you follow ignorant beliefs. Innocent people die all the time like this teacher. Let's keep to topic. If this teacher was your sister, daughter or significant other, would you rant like this? or would you want people to show respect for her heroism? She's my SHERO!50 MILLION people died in WW2. I didn't see any Mexicans weeping.1 vote#2.9 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:19 AM ESTPronostI agree with Taharrington and im not a gun owner.A tragic moment in human history again to put into the history books, and my heart goes out to everyone that passed away and their family.  I'm a new dad my self and I couldn't even imagine.Everyone is to quick to blame the guns and automatic weapons. That's not the problem, its a short term excuse for what happened.  A gun is just one of many weapons available to humans so even if they ban all guns and there are 0 guns left in the hands of citizens, a psychopath will just choose another weapon of choice "Pipe Bom, baseball bat, Hockey Stick, hunting bow, plain rock, rental cat ETC..." and accomplish the same thing.  I could make a pipe bom in 20min and I never even take chemistry or shop class.The problem is people and how they are raised at home and how parents act towards their children. Example: The incident that recently happened in China at a grade school, guns were not involved and numerous children died by a knife. THERE WERE NO GUNS THERE.Personally I think they should look at the mother and see what she did with the kids and how they were raised.  There is a much bigger underlying problem here that everyone is trying to avoid.Even the other school shooting from the past, again people blame guns.. Well some of those kids were bullied for years and nobody did anything about it. Even with a dog if you harass him long enough, HE WILL BITE BACK.We need to take a close look at our standards as humans, teach our kids to respect each other more no matter how rich or poor, black or white, handicapped or not, smart or stupid, good looking or not.  We all have a place in our society and the only thing that is missing is respect.And not that I'm picking on Americans cause I'm not, but you guys need to learn to say Thank You fallowed by Your Welcome and not AhhHaaa.So what will the USA do now.. Spend Billions more on new gun laws that wont help at all, just to make it look as if they are doing something about this problem and to shut everyone up.4 votes#2.10 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:42 AM ESTsullynessFor Dawgfan-4710266:Please see rates of mass shootings before/after restrictions were put in place in UK, Australia. Both enacted them after large-scale tragedies. Gun deaths down 36% in UK since 1997 when ban went into effect. Down 59% in Australia, and no massacres since, versus 11 in the decade before going into effect.8 votes#2.11 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:46 AM ESTThat Dude Rob22 children in China were injured. No Deaths from the mentally ill 36 year old man with a knife.Source: CNN3 votes#2.12 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:35 PM ESTtrochjHey Dawgfan, Conn is not the only state with strict gun laws.  NY has very strict laws and you don't see mass shootings here.  2 votes#2.13 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:44 PM ESTKrestovThose arguing about gun control how about you shift your arguments to some on topic forum instead of discussing it here, you are being rather disrespectful.Instead let us comment on this article which is about how a hero is being laid to rest and about how a teacher tried to protect the children she was intrusted with.What an amazing woman.It is a pity the Purple heart is only for members of the military.3 votes#2.14 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:52 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Religionsuks Comment collapsed by the communityIt was God's plan.5 votes#3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:29 AM ESTLinnie49Prayers and thoughts with her family and friends at this time.  God bless you, Victoria....5 votes#3.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:38 AM ESTGetmadstaymadGod gives us free will. This was not God's plan. If the principal was armed this would have turned out differently. #3.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:56 PM ESTtakenakaBan semi-automatic weapons like the one that killed this teacher and her students.22 votes#4 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:32 AM ESTChris Rhodes ScholarThese weapons were banned from 1994 to 2004 with no effect on violent crime.  Columbine happpened during this ban.  Not a good solution but a politically popular one with LWNJs.12 votes#4.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:40 AM ESTcharlie-295522The laws were not strong enough. but they will be.8 votes#4.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:50 AM ESTChris Rhodes ScholarThe bill that Feinstein is proposing is virtually the same bill.  Its not a retroactive ban.  285,000,000 privately owned weapons in the USA.   You can't get a law through congress that will have any effect at all.  It may make you FEEL safer but not BE safer.  Better to focus on the type of people who commit these terrible crimes.10 votes#4.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:58 AM ESTRBshootsLaws may be passed banning them....but rest assured they will not go away.....far far too many of them out there and far far too many people that will resist the tyranny of this Gov't.3 votes#4.4 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:14 AM ESTRBshootsSuch a tragedy.....I work in a school and see daily the good that teachers do....it is unfortunate that the Gov't and school districts have such silly standards they have to to abide by sometimes, but overall  our nations teachers do a wonderful job....now if only we could get discipline back into our schools......8 votes#4.5 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:18 AM ESTcharlie-295522Me, Too, RBshoots. I work in an elementary school 20 miles from Newtown. I drive by there every day. Last night I saw that the motorists began leaving stuffed animals by the exit and exit signs. I am making it a point to visit Newtown more. I ride my bike over there when the weather is good. I used to be an advocate for gun control, but now I am an activist. It may be that the weapons will still be there, but as one person, I will leave this earth active in pursuing the removal of all assault weapons. It is the least that I can do to help the families and honor the dead children, teachers, and families. Nothing will change my attitude, except my passing from this earth.12 votes#4.6 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:35 AM ESTWeAllHaveOpinionsOh yes the gun laws have done so much good in Chicago. The highest murder rate in the nation. You can ban what you want to ban, people will get it if they want it. If I am not mistaken drugs are ban, but seems they are still fighting like hell to end it.4 votes#4.7 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:17 AM ESTitburnswhenipeeI am sick and tired of hearing, oh, theres too many guns out there now, and will never get a strong enough law passed to do any good. We hire those legislators with our votes. If our legislators are in bed with the gun lobbyists, then vote them out. They work for us. We will find legislators that fulfill our needs. 2 votes#4.8 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 9:54 AM ESTDawgfan-4710266The report done ofter the ban ran out in 2004 showed that the crime rate from Assault Style Weapons was the exact same in 2004 as it was in 1993.  It is still the same today at 1.9% of all gun crimes.  In 1993 the year before the ban there were 3,000 ATF investigations into assault weapons.  In 2004 there were 3,100.  The highest number of traces conducted came in 1997 at just over 5,000.  That was in the middle of the ban.  Now tell me how banning them would make any difference? 3 votes#4.9 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:11 AM ESTBrutus-RulesAnd when a dozen people are killed with a handgun, do we ban those too? 2 votes#4.10 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:32 AM ESTchoco63Yes, handguns should be banned, too.4 votes#4.11 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:54 AM ESTB MurphyAny new gun legislation should include a retroactive ban on said weapons.  It's the only way.  It should also come with absolutely ridiculous penalties and jail time, for those who think they can just keep it locked away and the government will never know.  Start with the weapons registry, go house to house and get them.  The Government should reimburse any citizen for the money spent on the item (including accessories).  Include new laws that hold the gun owner, and seller accountable if their weapon is used in a crime.  Make the prospect of your weapon being used in a crime so costly in fines and jail time, no one will want to risk it.All future sales of any semi-automatic/automatic weapon should be the responsibility of the gun manufacturer and seller to do appropriate background checks.  If a seller is pushing out quantities of semi-autos, the manufacturer should research how that's happening and demand documentation of where those weapons went.Ban all sales of weapons at gun shows, without a background check.  Those sales should also be included in a national registry with normal gun store owners.  Any store/gun show that has no access to said registry, is denied the permit to sell weapons.Ban high capacity clips, unless they're military, and stored ON military bases/armorys.Couple that with meaningful improvements in our Mental Health infrastructure, and you might see some improvements.  Yes, someone will always figure out a way, if they really want to do harm.  But that doesn't mean we have to make it easy for them.  The harder it is, the likelier they will get noticed/caught in the process.I love guns, I really do.  I enjoy shooting, and I enjoy the technology behind weaponry.  But, I like my brothers and sisters more.  I view schools as a place to learn, free from the ills of the world.  And if we don't come together and start talking about possible solutions to this dire issue in America, everyone in Newtown died in vain.2 votes#4.12 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:02 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots FollowBuild the border fence, deport or shoot all illegals, remove the ten of thousands of gang bangers that threaten Americans FIRST!3 votes#4.13 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:23 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots FollowWeAllHaveOpinionsOh yes the gun laws have done so much good in Chicago. The highest murder rate in the nation. You can ban what you want to ban, people will get it if they want it. If I am not mistaken drugs are ban, but seems they are still fighting like hell to end it.OBAMA: "What gangs?" "What illegals?" "What drugs?"4 votes#4.14 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:24 AM ESTbigdogmom1I am simply in awe of these brave teachers and school staff.  Actually, I guess I shouldn't be - they died doing what they loved, teaching, and they died fiercely protecting the children they loved.  They are true heroes and may they always be remembered and may they rest in peace.Victoria Soto - you are a hero to many.2 votes#4.15 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:43 AM ESTsullynessFor those saying the assault weapons ban had no effect:You're leaving out the gaping whole that you could drive a howitzer through: the banned weapons were still made available at gun shows, without paperwork, without background checks. Dawgfan listed ATF background checks, but didn't mention they did find a reduction in usage of the banned assault weapons in violent crimes from 4.82% to 1.61%. But yes, crimes mostly shifted instead to the non-banned weapons.By the way, Chris Rhodes Scholar, Columbine may have happened during the ban, but the two shooters bought their otherwise "banned" weapons at gun shows, without a background check, without paperwork, and without any traceable receipts. Some of their guns were not even on the banned list, however (shotguns, 9mm pistols, etc.).2 votes#4.16 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:00 PM ESTDawgfan-4710266B Murphy,Any new gun legislation should include a retroactive ban on said weapons.  It's the only way.  It should also come with absolutely ridiculous penalties and jail time, for those who think they can just keep it locked away and the government will never know.  Start with the weapons registry, go house to house and get them.The Germans thought the same thing.  Turned out so well for the Jewish population and most of Europe right? No amount of background checks or regulations would have stopped this.  The Ban back in 1994 did nothing to stop the violence.  The sad reality is that there are crazy people in this world and will kill people with whatever they can find.  In China they use knives, and yes they also have gun violence even with their strict gun laws.  In the Philippines they use machetes and firearms.  In Mexico they have strict regulations on firearms and we know how well that's going for them. El Salvador, Jamaica, Honduras, Guatemala, Swaziland, Colombia, Brazil, Panama, Mexico, Philippines, and South Africa all have a gun death rate per 100,000 residents higher than the US. El Salvador has strict gun laws.  Everything gun control groups in the US call for is in place in El Salvador, but they top the list in gun deaths per 100,000 residents.Jamaica has some of the strictest laws in the world.  Gun owners are required to have a license and pay a $6,000 fee each year.  The penalty for unauthorized possession of a firearm is an automatic life in prison.  They are number 2 on the list.Honduras requires owners be licensed, and must re-apply and re-qualify every 4 years.  They are limited to 5 firearms, firearms are to be registered, unique identifying marks on each gun, and tracing procedures.Guatemala all firearms owners must be licensed.  Full auto is prohibited.  Background checks are completed based on criminal, mental, and army or police service records.  Owners are required to undergo training.  Licenses must be renewal every one to three years which includes training/qualification.  They are also limited in the number of ammo they can have.  They have to register their guns.Swaziland is under the UN guidence for regulation of firearms.Colombia only handguns are permitted under license.  Owners must have a valid reason for being permitted, background checks include criminal and mental records.  Domestic violence denies or revokes a license.Brazil requires owners be licensed to acquire, possess, or transfer firearms.  They must have a valid reason for obtaining a firearm, must be a minimum of 25 years old, background checks consider criminal, mental, and employment records.  Safety training and understanding of a firearm, and testing on a training course are required.  Guns are also suppose to be registered.Panama requires a valid reason for obtaining a firearm.  Guns are to be registered. Mexico law gives a constitutional right to keep and bear arms, but most types and caliber weapons are reserved for the military.  Owners must also be licensed to possess a firearm that meets private ownership criteria.  Background checks look at criminal, mental, physical and addiction records.  Civilians are limited to 2 firearms for legitimate defense purposes, and they are limited on the number of bullets they can have.Philippines requires owners be licensed, prove a genuine reason for possession, and limited to pistols and revolvers.  Background checks are required.South Africa requires license for the possession of pistols and revolvers.  Civilians are not allowed to possess semi-automatic firearms without special endorsements.  Background checks include criminal, mental, medical, domestic violence, addiction, employment, and previous firearm license records.  They are limited to 1 firearm and 200 rounds of ammo.All of these countries have more restrictive laws just like many of the gun control crowd wants, but the death rate exceeds the rate of the US.  It just proves that no amount of regulation will prevent gun violence. 3 votes#4.17 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:06 PM ESTKMS0What?? You mean MSN decided not to post this story next to the "tragedy" of Selma Blair being photographed without makeup as appeared on MSN mobile yesterday?#4.18 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:10 PM ESTTracy-2712120My thoughts and prayers for this wonderful teacher who is passing.@BMurphy, Are you serious about going house to house to collect all guns?  How about we authorize the feds to go house to house and collect all illegal aliens, drugs, etc, etc.  I personally will not support ANY legislation that gives free hand to the govt to just openly go door to door for anything.  That is ridiculous and exactly what they did in Nazi Germany, USSR, Cuba, Vietnam, etc. still do in Communist China, North Korea and others.5 votes#4.19 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:27 PM ESTS JeffriesWhere does this all end? How many more children and adults have to die because of this insanity. Everyone wants  to scream gun control, but is that really the answer. No I am not a gun toting enthusiast, but I am a mother and grandmother, and prior military. Every time something like has happened , the shooter has been called mentally deficient or ill, sorry but that is a cop-out excuse that we as a nation have to quit using. Am I mad about this, hell yes. These children were innocent and should have been allowed to liveand grow, and thier teachers , the loss to this country is just too great to bicker amongst ourselves about this should have been done, or that should have been done. Words can't bring these lost back to us. They can't give solace to the anguish that thier families feel , or the emptiness they will face for the rest of thier lives.We can remember them and hope that a lesson is learned, but it is now up to usas a nation to do something about it. No I am not saying answer this violence with more violence. But we DO have the power in our hands and it's time we made our government officials act, or replace them with those that will. The greatest resource our country has is our children. They should be put first, above pay increases for government officials, or "committee talks", the time of words is over, it's time for action on the part of nation to say NO MORE!!!#4.20 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:51 PM ESTPBgeorgia99@BMurphy: You know, strangling someone to death comes with jail time, sometimes a death penalty.  Consequences do not seem to enter the minds of the people who commit such evil acts. The main point here, is, these families that survive, the surviving classmates, how will they have the strength to handle all these funerals? This makes me hurt for them all so bad.  What a monumental mountain of grief they are/will continue to suffer.  Whoever in another article stated "we are broken", well, they were right.  We are broken.  My heartfelt prayers go out to the grieving families.#4.21 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 1:44 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices chefaz-1319563Our world is a lot darker now that shes gone.Yes, it is since 26 have been taken.  Senseless.8 votes#5 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:39 AM ESTConservativeNotRepublicanChefaz:  Indeed.  Sad beyond words. 2 votes#5.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:21 AM ESTBecky-3440416A beautiful hero.  This is one board where condolences should be left, not ones political agenda - plenty of time for that, but not here - respect the family.9 votes#6 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 5:50 AM ESTjoemike404John 15:13 - No one has greater love than this, to lay down one's life for one's friends.  Don't tell me that God doesn't live in our classrooms.  He is there everyday in the works of thousands.  Let us now work to make certain that no teacher has to die, ever again, to protect our children.6 votes#7 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:07 AM ESTjerry-1795679Joemike404:Thanks for the Bible verse.#7.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:26 AM ESTthinkingmomjoemike:What a beautiful sentiment and although I am a firm believer in the separation of church and state I agree with you about the majority of our teachers being willing to sacrifice everything for our children, including an upper income lifestyle.  I would like to see that no more have to.All rhetoric aside, everything we do from banning assault weapons and large capacity clips to requiring registration and classes for gun owners to closing gun purchasing loopholes will help.  If these measures stop one crazy person from doing this type of unimaginable harm then we have created a compromise where gun owners can keep their misguided 2nd Amendment rights and teachers/children can keep their lives.Augment these changes with more attention on regulating video games, overhauling our mental health care system and just plain better parenting and we might make schoolrooms in America much safer.#7.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 1:05 PM ESTlet's go forrrwwwwaaaarrrrdddd !!!it's been in the air for quite some time , many saw the safety of teachers becoming an issue. it's time we aquip them with the education they need , in order to survive physically , on a daily bases. and treat them with the respect they deserve , concerning the pay scale.3 votes#8 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:18 AM ESTsinglepayerhealthThe same political party that is pro gun, wants to cut social services for mental health. Imagine that. The GOP is evil if evil had a name: the Republican Party owns it.11 votes#9 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 6:54 AM ESTsablelaceSTFU with the political crap!  There is a place for it and this isn't it.11 votes#9.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:13 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots FollowDemoc-RATS ......The party that defends 13 million LAWBREAKING illegals!2 votes#9.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:57 AM ESTAlexD-2286027@obams...you need serious help dude...7 votes#9.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:45 AM ESTpeople are cra-zy@Obama Whistles: You're probably one of the mentally unbalanced who has free access to weapons of mass destruction.4 votes#9.4 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:45 AM ESTB Murphy@Obama Whistles:  Oh?  And what has the GOP done about illegal immigration?  Hmm?  Neither side has touched the issue, because it was an election year, and they prefer holding their power, rather than risking their political future proposing legislation that would be seen as unfavorable either to their constituency, independents or the opposite side of the aisle.  Get a grip.@Sablelace:  Incorrect.  Now is the time to start discussing all options that we as American citizens can employ in order to prevent as many future tragedies as we possibly can.  Can we hope to stop them all?  No, that just won't happen.  However, inaction is the same as giving up.We owe it to Victoria Soto (Rest in Peace), and the other 25 people who lost their lives over this, to do everything we can, to come together and discuss any and ALL ways to prevent it from happening in the future.1 vote#9.5 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:55 AM ESTRule of NinesFirst of all what does a story about a "Hero" who we should all look up to start a dialog about Illegals.  Oh and for you nut cases who hate Mexicans they are leaving Arizona in greater numbers than are coming in.#9.6 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:02 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots FollowB Murphy@Obama Whistles:  Oh?  And what has the GOP done about illegal immigration?  Hmm?  Neither side has touched the issue, because it was an election year, and they prefer holding their power, rather than risking their political future proposing legislation that would be seen as unfavorable either to their constituency, independents or the opposite side of the aisle.  Get a grip.We owe it to Victoria Soto (Rest in Peace), and the other 25 people who lost their lives over this, to do everything we can, to come together and discuss any and ALL ways to prevent it from happening in the future.We owe it to all the Americans who died fighting evil to remove all Mexican invaders from the United States!1 vote#9.7 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:31 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots FollowRule of Nines  Oh and for you nut cases who hate Mexicans they are leaving Arizona in greater numbers than are coming in.Could you please get them to leave Chicago. The place really stinks!#9.8 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:34 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots FollowDemocrats are the ones with blood on their handsWorld War One: Democrat as PresidentWorld War Two: Democrat as PresidentKorean War: Democrat as President to start war...................Republican as President to end warVietnam War: Democrat as President to start war....................Republican as President to end war#9.9 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 12:57 PM ESTEducated-Individual@Obama Whistles Idiots Follow You sound like an idiot or you may be on drugs did you snort, smoke, or pop anything before writing that ridiculous post? Do you not realize that the person that caused this tragedy did not fit any of the criteria you listed? Illegals, drugs, and gang bangers have nothing to do with this hero's death above.1 vote#9.10 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 1:13 PM ESTPBgeorgia99Obama: you forgot Iraq & Afganistan. Oh. Doesn't fit your agenda. Woops. I noticed you stopped when you realized how wrong you were.#9.11 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 1:51 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Spivey-2655264We wouldn't be talking about this Mass Shooting ,if it was up to the GOP.7 votes#10 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:04 AM ESTstarbuck49That's right, the GOP would just sweep it under the rug and say it didn't happen.4 votes#10.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 9:05 AM ESTDoWhatsRIght - USAwhat by chance are you folks on ?  please check your meds.1 vote#10.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:28 AM ESTBrutus-RulesYou would lump all conservatives as GOPers?  Some of us have a heart, pay our taxes, and even contribute to the betterment of the community.  Yet you want to lump any conservative in the One per-center category.  Not all of us a Millionaires, but we do love our country.3 votes#10.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:38 AM ESTpeople are cra-zyGOP/NRA people do NOT love our country or our children. The only things that the lunatic fringe love are power, money, and the stockpile of weapons they can get with their power and money. They don't want or use Buckmasters for hunting. If you can't take out a deer with a plain old rifle, then you are a bad shot and need to take up fishing. The GOP/NRA want to cling to these weapons of mass destruction to protect their money and power. The 2nd Amendment and other smoke screen excuses they give are just slight of hand distractions.4 votes#10.4 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:53 AM ESTsablelaceAllison Wyatt is the sweetest looking little girl with deep cerulean eyes and now her spirit soars above us...3 votes#11 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:12 AM ESTSegdirbJust as I said before - we are going to go through all 20 something funerals!  WTH!?!?!  The media has to let this GO and put it to REST!  ENOUGH ALREADY!!!2 votes#12 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:24 AM ESTjoemike404Segdirb - Whether you choose to "go through all 20 something funerals" or not is entirely up to you.  Turn off the TV, don't open stories about the funerals online.  Retreat into your denial and stay there.   We all handle grief in our own way.  No one is making you look.  On Friday 20 first grade children and 6 adults were murdered.  It is Monday.  There will be a time to move on.  For most of us, that time has not yet arrived.9 votes#12.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:48 AM ESTChaoti123I think he means how the media wont leave Newtown alone. They talk about WHY and HOW. They dont seem to actually care about the Straight fact that people DIED.....#12.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 9:30 AM ESTjoemike404Could be, but it doesn't come across that way.1 vote#12.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 9:45 AM ESTBrutus-RulesUmm Joe...its Weds.1 vote#12.4 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:41 AM ESTChaoti123^ Hes got a point ^-^'#12.5 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:49 AM ESTBrian-966145RIP Vicki Soto and all the victims. Joemike404, you are so right. I can't possibly imagine the anguish of the families and what they are going through. As for the dialogue that needs to take place in this country I only have 1 answer. Everyone without exception needs to be included. It's not just about mental health, it's not just about the 2nd amendment, it's not just about families compromised by poverty or wealth, single or married mothers & fathers. It's not about republican or democratic agendas. It's not about the NRA or the anti-gun groups. Everything and I mean everything needs to be on the table. If you are not part of the solution then you are part of the problem as my father used to say. Good and reasonable people should be able to put personal preference and or differences aside and say this is for the greater good of all. 10 votes#13 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:24 AM ESTglimmmerrExactly!!! Thank you for such an intelligent comment.4 votes#13.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:23 AM ESTDawgfan-4710266Brian,What needs to be done is impose harsh penalties on those that use guns in crimes.  Financial as well as prison time.  I think a mandatory sentence of 30 years for being in possession of a firearm while in commission of a felony or other forcible crime would be a good start.  Then mandatory LIFE in prison if a firearm is actually used during any crime. Right now the criminals barely get a slap on the wrist.  Many of the people convicted or on trial for murder have run ins with the law, and a lot of those involve firearms.  How may lives could have been saved if we have harsh penalties on the criminals instead of trying to infringe on the rights of the law abiding?1 vote#13.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:29 AM ESTpeople are cra-zyWhat rights did those babies in class have? Since when does the 2nd Amendment trump the 14th Amendment? The individual who carried this massacre out had no previous criminal history. He is not alive now to impose harsh penalties. Your argument is doesn't apply in this case. Brian's post is quite accurate. This doesn't have to be a political quagmire. It is about firearm regulation. It is about mental illness. It is about family support. It is about schools, religion, and community. It is about funding. But most important, it is about children and their right to attend school without being assassinated. We all have blood on our hands over this. We all failed our children, our Nation, and each other. We have an obligation to these youngsters and their teachers to do anything and everything in our power to make sure this does NOT happen again.7 votes#13.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:12 AM ESTsuspendedPeople are cra-zy is right - most of the time these things end in a suicide or with the perp getting shot by the police. No one is ever held accountable!  His mother should have been held accountable too for letting her mentally ill child have access to weapons but she's dead now too. That is what is wrong with the mentality of gun enthusiasts - they all believe that they are totally in control andnothing bad could ever come of them owning guns. I have been to a funeral of a 15 year old who accidentally shot himself before a hunting excursion.  Like the families of Newtwon, his family's lives are devastated forever, and for what? A hobby? Same thing with Lanza's mother. She couldn't protect herself when she really needed to. Her guns did her no good at all.  So please tell me again how we need guns because otherwise we are all victims.5 votes#13.4 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:36 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Michelle Turnervia FacebookDeletedConrad-1865098Amazing how this is NOT being addressed as an anti jewish attack.   These kids were mostly jewish and I just can't believe that this had nothing to do with the motive ....Everything i READ appears to be connected to this. Look at the names of these kids .... They are jewish. The REGAILING of this poor woman is because she tried to save jews.RIGHT before our eyes, the powers in charge are spinning spinning and we ALL are being hoodwinked ....#15 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:28 AM ESTRay-2194047Victoria Soto, 27, "A man travels the world over in search of what he needs,and returns home to find it."#16 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:32 AM ESTObama Whistles Idiots FollowWhen a bullet has your name on it, there's nothing you can do about it.#16.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:55 AM ESTChaoti123You, my friend, have problems. I doubt Victoria wants to be remembered as nothing more than Collateral damage. Have a heart.2 votes#16.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:51 AM ESTpeople are cra-zyObama Whistles needs to be investigated for history of mental illness and then searched for any weapons.5 votes#16.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:14 AM ESTralph5591Once again a "gun free zone" does nothing to stop a madman from murdering innocents.Let the people arm themselves and protect their charges. Texas does it and there have been no mass shootings of children there.Except of course when Clinton and Reno massacred the children at Waco.2 votes#17 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:45 AM ESTIn ColoradoGeez what a waist! You gaze into those pretty eyes, she should be honored among others as an angel. A protector for children going to school. RIP little lady...4 votes#18 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:46 AM ESTAl KydaPerhaps if she were armed, she'd still be alive, possibly along with some or all of the kids.  At least that's the NRA's argument, which they'll be happy to express once this story fades away in time.  As of now, the NRA is too cowardly to admit that this is exactly what they're thinking.3 votes#19 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:59 AM ESTralph5591If she were armed she and a lot of others might be alive. But the government gives gun free zones for killers to roam unhindered in.When moments count, the police are only minutes away!1 vote#19.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:03 AM ESTjerry-1795679Do not be surprise if it was "Mind Control" by the U.S. Government!!!#19.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:33 AM ESTpeople are cra-zyRalph, are the voices telling you that the Gvt is trying to create "New World Order"? Seek therapy.2 votes#19.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:17 AM ESTgdimatt Comment collapsed by the communityI'd have hit that. mwahahahaha1 vote#20 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 7:59 AM ESTOptimist-2618173Classy.#20.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:01 AM ESTPrettiTiffylike she would have let you...you insensitive idiot...#20.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:30 AM ESTDoWhatsRIght - USAIDIOT ALERT. i think there wold be a lot of folks that would like to hit you. what a waste of space.#20.3 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:31 AM ESTMOMINNJ-6679824I place alot of the blame squarely on the mothers shoulders. She knew she had, at best, an emotionally unstable kid. WTF was she doing with all of those guns in the house?It seems he had all of the classic traits of a spree killer. She set up this tragedt by making it so easy for him.4 votes#21 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:04 AM ESTpeople are cra-zyI wholeheartedly agree.#21.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:18 AM ESTWhereHasAmericaGoneThe liberal "we the sheeple" stance of thinking stricter gun laws will prevent this from happening again and ignoring the culture in which they created is so typical and expected...3 votes#22 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:08 AM ESTitburnswhenipeeHow bout we create a different culture, one in which we dont need to tote guns around with us everywhere we go. We dont need this generation of students thinking that they need to carry guns for the rest of their life to be safe. The NRA and gun manufacturers may like this idea, but this is not the way we have to live. Im not ready to give up. 3 votes#22.1 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 10:02 AM ESTTrance-3169738It's better than creating an arms race between the insane and the commmon folk.  I mean, when I heard the joke that the GOP wanted to take us back to the 1800's, I thought it was just a joke.  Clearly it's not...1 vote#22.2 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 11:28 AM ESTDemandSideIn a word that has been bastardized, she is the definition of the word "Hero". 3 votes#23 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:16 AM ESTGeorge-388802I pray for all even the idiot posters who have no feelings and can not have a civil tongue.4 votes#24 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:17 AM ESTScorch346https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/reallocate-8-billion-50-million-spent-foreign-aid-domestic-use-hire-vets-protect-our-schools/KjVvmWBy#25 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:23 AM ESTUSPS UserI pray for peace and strength for the friends and family (and dog) of this caring and brave teacher and all the others that lost their lives to the crazy coward coocoo whose mother may or may not have been planning to have him committed unwillingly to a mental institution, but regardless, equated to mass deaths of innocent people by keeping guns readily available.  There is a lesson to be learned here, in all of this sadness.  Laws only go so far and really only seem to keep the sane and law abiding citizens in check.  Common sense goes much further.  Let's stop pointing fingers at the laws and the politicians and everyone else and look at what WE, as mothers, fathers, friends, family and even acquaintances can do to make the world around us a safer place.  Watch out for people that say or do threatening things and don't be one of those people that when interviewed AFTER the incident says that they aren't surprised by what happened.5 votes#26 - Wed Dec 19, 2012 8:28 AM ESTJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  5Leave a Comment:Name: Email Address (will be verified, but never shown): You're in Easy Mode. If you prefer, you can use XHTML Mode instead.You're in XHTML Mode. If you prefer, you can use Easy Mode instead.(XHTML tags allowed - a,b,blockquote,br,code,dd,dl,dt,del,em,h2,h3,h4,i,ins,li,ol,p,pre,q,strong,ul)Post to my Facebook WallNewsvine Privacy StatementAs a new user, you may notice a few temporary content restrictions. Click here for more info.Most popular postsolder2hoursagoFBI: $50,000 reward for capture of bank robbers who escaped jail using bedsheetsnewer24minutesagoAfghanistan massacre case: Army to seek death penalty against US soldier Most popular posts512Family: Newtown boy's favorite teacher died cradling him in her arms24hoursago555Lone survivor in Connecticut classroom: 'Mommy, I'm OK, but all of my friends are dead'2daysago1052Very heavily armed gunman shot mother multiple times before killing 26 at Connecticut school, police say3daysago1279Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say4daysago879Authorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacre5daysagoBrowsefeatured, crime, military, weather, environment, california, florida, shooting, education, us-news, new-york, gulf-oil-spill, texas, kari-huus, police, chicago, trayvon-martin, obama, afghanistan, sandy, los-angeles, murder, new-jersey, politics, barack-obama, george-zimmerman, colorado, gay, religion, school, hurricane, decision-2012, arizona, penn-state, veteransAlsoAdvertise | AdChoices Archives2012December (308)November (460)October (477)September (432)August (525)July (519)June (508)May (566)April (538)March (576)February (471)January (417)2011December (455)November (190)October (9)September (3)August (51)July (8)June (3)May (12)April (5)March (3)February (1)January (8)2010December (5)November (1)October (2)September (28)August (40)July (35)June (177)May (50)April (9)March (2)February (2)January (4)2009December (5)November (5)October (2)September (11)August (4)July (12)June (1)May (1)April (1)March (3)February (3)January (2)2008December (3)November (2)October (6)September (30)August (26)July (10)June (4)May (8)April (13)March (9)February (7)January (6)2007December (10)November (6)October (22)September (11)Most CommentedElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter  (11329)EXCLUSIVE: Susan Rice drops out of running for secretary of state, cites 'very politicized' confirmation process (1970)Same-sex wife of Army officer banned from joining Fort Bragg spouses club (2300)Fierce debate after Newtown school shootings: Where was God? (2042)Hillary Clinton recovering after fainting, suffering a concussion (2308)Mom of suspected school shooter -- first to die -- was avid gun enthusiast, friend says (1662)Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say (1279)Other blogsThe Body OddCosmic LogRed Tape ChroniclesPhotoBlogGadgetboxTechnologUS NewsOpen ChannelInGame top stories3147,10 2012 NBCNews.comUS news on NBCNews.com About usContactHelpSite mapCareersClosed captioningTerms & ConditionsPrivacy policyAdvertise