Elementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter  - U.S. NewsMSNHotmailMoreAutosMy MSNVideoCareers & JobsPersonalsWeatherDelishQuotesWhite PagesGamesReal EstateWonderwallHoroscopesShoppingYellow PagesLocal EditionTrafficFeedbackMaps & DirectionsTravelFull MSN IndexBing NBCNews.comsites & shows:TODAYNightly NewsRock CenterMeet the PressDatelinemsnbcBreaking NewsEveryBlockNewsvineHomeUSWorldPoliticsBusinessSportsEntertainmentHealthTech & scienceTravelLocalWeatherAdvertise | AdChoices Recommended: 'Light amidst the darkness': Heroic teacher Victoria Soto rememberedRecommended: School abuse victim wins record $23 million in damagesRecommended: Cops: Fla. after-school basketball coach tried to get teen into porn videosRecommended: Craigslist case: Calif. couple shot while trying to sell iPhoneNBC News reporters bring you compelling stories from across the nation. For more U.S. news, follow us on Twitter and Facebook.  About this blog Archives E-mail updates Follow on Twitter Subscribe to RSS11329commentsPrint5daysagoElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughterThe massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School shook everyone in Newtown, Conn., including the first responders, who will be undergoing counseling. NBC's Anne Thompson reports.By Pete Williams, Miguel Llanos and Tracy Connor, NBC NewsUpdated at 10:04 p.m. ET:A teacher's son, clad in black and carrying two 9mm pistols, rampaged through a Connecticut elementary school Friday, killing 20 small children and six adults, a tragedy President Barack Obama said had broken the hearts of America.Undated photo confirmed by government officials to be Adam Lanza, who apparently killed himself after killing more than two dozen others, including 20 school children. The gunman, identified asAdam Lanza, 20, was found dead at the scene of the slaughter, Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, law enforcement officials said. The body of a woman believed to be his mother was found at their home in Newtown, authorities said.Officials initially misidentified the shooter to NBC News as Lanza's brother, Ryan. But a senior official later said that Ryan was nowhere near the shooting, is not believed to be involved, and is cooperating with the investigation.Advertise | AdChoices Ryan told police thatAdam has a history of mental illness, according to the senior official. Yet the motive for the mass killing  the nations second-worst school shooting  was a mystery.The weapons used in the attack were legally purchased and were registered to the gunman's mother, two law enforcement officials said.Two 9mm handguns were recovered inside the school. An AR-15-type rifle also was found at the scene, but there were conflicting reports Friday night whether it had been used in the shooting.Police believe Lanza fatally shot his mother in the face, then drove to the hilltop school and unleashed a blizzard of bullets on children and staff in two rooms before apparently taking his own life."Evil visited this community today," Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said Friday evening. "We are all in this together."Adam Lanza, the man who allegedly committed one of the worst shootings in U.S. history, was 20 years old. He entered the Sandy Hook Elementary School carrying two handguns and hundreds of rounds of ammunition, police said. NBC's Pete Williams reports.Some young survivors  ages 5 to 10  described the terror of the shooting and a massive police response that included SWAT officers going room to room to search for victims as students huddled in classroom corners.More coverage:NBCNewYork.comandNBCConnecticut.comBreakingNews.com's coverage of the incidentRobert Licata said his 6-year-old son was in class when the gunman burst in and shot the teacher."That's when my son grabbed a bunch of his friends and ran out the door," he told The Associated Press. "He was very brave."One student told NBC Connecticut she was in the gym when she heard seven loud booms.The gym teachers told us to go in the corner, so we all huddled, she said."And I kept hearing these booming noises. And we all  started crying."All the gym teachers told us to go into the office where no one could find us," she added. "So then a police officer came in and told us to run outside. So we did and we came in the firehouse.The high death toll and the tender age of many victims sent shock waves all the way to the White House, where the flag was lowered to half-staff.President Obama, his voice cracking at times, said he reacted to the tragedy first as a parent.Our hearts are broken today,'' he said. The majority of those who died today were children. Beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old.Authorities in the small bedroom community 60 miles from New York City were alerted to the unfolding carnage by a 911 call around 9:30 a.m., and then reached out to state police and neighboring police departments for help.An elementary school student recalls the terrifying moments following sounds of shots fired at her Connecticut elementary school, saying "teachers told us to go in the corner so we all huddled."Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance said troopers fanned out across the school and searched every door, every crack, every crevice of the building.Most of the bodies were found in two rooms in one section of the 600-student school, which goes up to the fourth grade. Late into the night on Friday, the bodies remained in the school during the investigation.Two children were taken to Danbury Hospital, but they died. A third person was being treated at the hospital, which went into lockdown mode and cleared trauma rooms as doctors waited for an influx of survivors that never came.After police finished searching the school and determined there was only one gunman, they led the children outside, telling them to close their eyes, apparently to avoid seeing anything gruesome.Advertise | AdChoices At a staging area ringed by police vehicles that raced to the school from across the state, the dazed and crying kids were reunited with worried loved ones.The shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School that killed more than two dozen, 20 of them children, left the quiet community of Newtown, Conn., desperately trying to understand what happened. NBC's Kate Snow reports.Brenda Lebinski, mother of a third-grader, said she found a horrendous scene.Everyone was in hysterics -- parents, students. There were kids coming out of the school bloodied. I don't know if they were shot, but they were bloodied,'' she said, according to Reuters.Follow @NBCNewsUSOne parent picking up his 7-year-old son said the shooting was the most terrifying moment a parent can imagine." He went on to describe the anguish of waiting to find out if his son was a victim and then running to his child when he saw him.It was the greatest relief in my existence, the father said. Im just happy that my kids OK.The FBI was assisting with the widening investigation, and authorities said there were many unanswered questions, including the motive.There is a great deal of search warrant activityin and out of the state, Vance said, without giving specifics.Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy was meeting with grieving families.As you can imagine, the governor is horrified by whats happened, said aide Roy Occhiogrosso.The death toll is the highest from a school shooting since a gunman killed 32 people at Virginia Tech in 2007. At Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado, two teens killed 13 people and wounded 24 in 1999.Parent Stephen Delgiadice, whose 8-year-old daughter was not hurt, said he never could have imagined such bloodshed in the quiet town of 27,000, where the police force has only three detectives."It's alarming, especially in Newtown, Connecticut, which we always thought was the safest place in America," he told The Associated Press.Obama said Fridays shooting, following the massacre at a movie theater in Aurora, Colo., and other murder sprees, showed the need for meaningful actionregardless of the politics to prevent more blood from being spilled.New York City Mayor Bloomberg, who has been pushing for tougher gun laws, called for Washington to act immediately.Not even kindergarteners learning their A, B, Cs are safe, he said. We heard after Columbine that it was too soon to talk about gun laws. We heard it after Virginia Tech. After Tucson and Aurora and Oak Creek. And now we are hearing it again.Slideshow: Connecticut school massacreMichelle Mcloughlin / ReutersThe second deadliest school shooting in U.S. history sent crying children spilling into the school parking lot as frightened parents waited for word on their loved ones.Launch slideshowRelatedcontent from NBCNews.com: Elementary school massacre: 28 killed, including 20 kidsVigils, services honorschool shooting victimsVideo: 'Our hearts are broken,' Obama saysGunman's mother owned weapons used inmassacre'Screams were coming over the intercom'Video: School shooting reignites gun control debateMassacre leaves America shocked and grieving ... againConnecticut school shooting is second worst in US historyAuthorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacreAdvertise | AdChoices Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and FacebookExplore related topics: schools, crime, connecticut-school-shootingolder5daysagoAfter school shooting, quiet Newtown wonders, 'How can we be protected from people like this?'newer4daysagoMan pleads guilty to abandoning 30 animals at out-of-business pet storeDiscuss this postJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  188jwill1RestoredDear Jesus, please protect these little children... amen.470 votes#1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:36 AM ESTthe queenie Comment collapsed by the communitymam forget Jesus he can't protect anyone......peeps need 2 protect themselves....don't u know that 2 hands at work will accomplish more than 100 clasped in prayer.....230 votes#1.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:44 AM ESTRontron Comment collapsed by the communityIt is probably more about failed parenting. Failing to teach children how to deal with lifes ups and downs. Failing to teach responsibility for ones actions, Failed discipline etc.113 votes#1.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:48 AM ESThelp is coming Comment collapsed by the communityIt is not the guns, it a bunch of crazy people who don't care about human life. I believe TV shows and how the media handles everything is part of the cause for people acting out.245 votes#1.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:49 AM ESTJMRev Comment collapsed by the communityBut the guns do help facilitate the insanity, wouldn't you say?246 votes#1.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:51 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710 Comment collapsed by the communityBut the guns do help facilitate the insanity, wouldn't you say?Yup. Guns don't make people violent. They just make violent people much more effective.386 votes#1.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:54 AM ESThelp is coming Comment collapsed by the communitycars have killed a lot of people, but I have not heard anyone advocating banning cars.167 votes#1.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:55 AM ESTOne really fed up boomer Comment collapsed by the communityUntil such time as we the people understand the need for EXTREME punishment swiftly dealt is the only way to reduce these acts the problem will only get worse. If we had prisons like they have in third world countries and advertised that fact instead of the country clubs we have now there are those among us that would consider being in prison the lap of luxury  - we spend 3 times the amount of the max SS benefit on the "human rights" of prisoners. this is wrong! We have tried playing nice nice to criminals and it doesn't work. FIX IT!224 votes#1.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:55 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710 Comment collapsed by the communitycars have killed a lot of people, but I have not heard anyone advocating banning cars.There's always one of these. Here's your sign....138 votes#1.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:57 AM ESTBaddog40 Comment collapsed by the communityTypical day in America, thanks NRA.174 votes#1.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:58 AM ESTnoncoms Comment collapsed by the communityWe have more prisoners than any other nation (a full 25% of all the world's prisoners).  We execute more people than any civilized nation (behind only China and Iran and maybe one or two more).  Killing and imprisoning bad guys doesn't work if we have a gun culture and easy access to guns for all.  Killers who plan on suicide later (like the Oregon guy) are not going to be impressed with the death penalty, except to the degree that they are embracing the concept of killing just like those who support the death penalty.We should bring back things that work.  Like more money for mental health programs, a ban on semi-automatic weapons, a societal rejection of the gun culture as just more rightwing nutcases who are bad for America, and a blow back on the gun worship in modern movies.And to those whose idea of helping is to pray quietly in their bedrooms, at least get those people to quit donating money to gun-loving rightwing evangelicals.  You can all join the Catholic church, then at least your donations will go to missionaries in third world places that are really doing good, or to good art work.163 votes#1.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:02 AM ESTwje37fcsm Comment collapsed by the communityIt is the guns!!!!83 votes#1.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:04 AM ESTPJ-518978 Comment collapsed by the communityEarlyOut - Yep, banning guns would do our country wonders!  Just like the BAN on meth and crack!  I guess if we ban guns, we should ban knives and other sharp objects.  We should ban cars, planes, trains, buses, those all kill people too. 138 votes#1.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:04 AM ESTIan EmdeeRestoredhelp is coming....you said......Quote.....cars have killed a lot of people, but I have not heard anyone advocating banning cars......EndQuoteFirst, automobiles are NOT designed for the express purpose of killing human beings.Second, automobiles are rarely used as instruments of murder.Third, automobiles have been continuously and extensively upgraded and modified so as to make their operation safer.Fourth, firearms GREATLY facilitate the slaughter of innocent human beings.  That is a FACT.  Anyone who opposes reasonable firearms regulations is complicit in that slaughter.329 votes#1.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:05 AM ESTSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityCars aren't built for the sole reason of making killing a human being easy.I'm not that old, there is something seriously wrong with society, that I'm already to the point in my life where I see this as "just another shooting".Ian,You should add...Fifth, buying, registering and operating a car comes with numerous regulations, controls and laws.204 votes#1.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:05 AM ESTthe queenie Comment collapsed by the communitynoncoms nicely done....a voice of reason on the vine....I'm impressed:)30 votes#1.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:06 AM ESTChrisL-7467454 Comment collapsed by the communityI don't know what the hell you're talking about.  I know your exaggerating a bit to make your point.  But to go as far as to call the prisons we have here 'Country Clubs' is a little over the top...Secondly, if guns were banned, don't you think our society is clever enough to find/use something else.There's only so much, we as a society can do in regards to violence.  If you think pointing your finger at someone or something helps, well then I feel sorry for you.47 votes#1.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:10 AM ESTrx7turb0 Comment collapsed by the communityComparing guns to cars?  Failure...It is not a close comparison even humurously.  But I agree there is a problem with the gun culture in USA.  Some people just don't care about their life and other people's lives.107 votes#1.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:11 AM ESTAG99 Comment collapsed by the communityGood grief, can we find out what happened first before launching the tired and utterly predictable gun debate?105 votes#1.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:11 AM ESTcheetah-822547 Comment collapsed by the community"...and a blow back on the gun worship in modern movies."Every squirrel can find one nut.12 votes#1.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:15 AM ESTbart martin-3773750RestoredAnother example of a gun just flying off on its own and shooting people.Very strict gun control is needed!. And declare the NRA as a supporter of terrorism. See you after the next shooting!140 votes#1.20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:16 AM ESTvfeinsteinRestoredSee, now if these little kids were able to practice their Dog-given 2nd Amendment rights, they could have all been armed and taken the shooter out.**End Sarcasm**105 votes#1.21 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:18 AM ESTCassie-599672 Comment collapsed by the communityGuns are built with the soul purpose of killing human beings either. They are made for hunting and for our own personal protection if we need it. Any of you who think that we're better off outlawing guns and taking away our 2nd amendment rights needs to wake the eff up. That would only keep the guns in the hands of criminals and leave people defenseless. This goes back to poor parenting. How about we think about what our children see on television and in the video games they play. Children are becoming desentized to graphic violence because of television, movies, and video games. Kids playing first person shooter games such as Call of Duty are having their minds formed to believe that killing is fun and they don't understand the concept of death completely bc it's just not real life to them. Guns don't kill people. People kill people. They can just as easily stab someone to death with a knife found in their kitchen but are we going to take away knives?? No. 100 votes#1.22 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:19 AM ESTEl_Duderino Comment collapsed by the communityDon't ban guns, ban crazy people. Ownership of guns is a constitutionally guaranteed right. Being crazy is not. Until three fourths of the states agree that the second amendment should be repealed, banning guns is not a realistic answer.What really needs to happen is that the pursuit of mental health care needs to be de-stigmatized so people are not ashamed of seeking help if they feel like violence is an answer.78 votes#1.23 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:19 AM ESTHopeyChangeyFeely Comment collapsed by the community@JMRev Guns help "facilitate" the "insanity" as much as mental illness and socioeconomic conditions do.46 votes#1.24 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:20 AM ESTWillardsEtchASketch Comment collapsed by the communityHike the price of bullets. Problem solved.25 votes#1.25 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:21 AM ESTyay politics!you people are ridiculous.  you're fighting about cars and knives and guns.... there were children in danger today.  this has more to do with our failing society than it does with any one individual and their access to whatever object they want to use as a weapon. get off the horses and put your feet on the friggin' ground.253 votes#1.26 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:22 AM ESTSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityCassie,It's not that simple. So guns don't kill people, but video games do???I know this is going to invite a multitude of PERSONAL STORIES, about this friend, or that neighbor or yada, yada, yada, but the arguments put forth by some gun people, JUST DON'T work. And don't confuse this with being an anti-gun or anti-gun owner post. IT ISN'T. There are differences between gun OWNERS and gun NUTS.The best "self defense" tactic, is to lead a law abiding life. The odds of you ever having to use a gun for defense drop dramatically when you're not exposing yourself to crime. Nor can you just blanketly say they deter crime. Gun ownership would only deter crime if ALL crime and ALL criminals were rational. They're not. The crack head who robs the local conveinience store, he's not rational, he's desparate and not focused on whether you may be armed. The gangsta in the drive by shooting? Well by the time you even realize you're caught in one, it's already over. The rapist? Well, they don't exactly announce they're going to rape you first, so sure if you realize what's occurring, can fight him off, get to the gun, and blow his brains out before he catches you again... I guess?It's not that clear cut. You have to look at the circumstances of the crime, the mentality of the victim, the LIFE of the victim, the relationship between victim and perpetrator, and a whole lot of other things. Nor is it easy to, say in this situation, pull your gun and take out the bad guy. Tunnel vision, stress, panic... It takes extensive training to take on a situation like this. That's why we have POLICE. Plus, LEGALLY using a gun in self defense and using a gun in self defense are two VERY different things. Using a gun to defend yourself, is not so simple as merely blowing away the guy trying to jack your car.Nor is comparing this to anything, like CARS, applicable. Cars aren't built specifically for the purpose of killing people.And, who are these representatives in our government that you need a gun to protect your liberty from? How are they planning on getting around our systems of checks and balances? Why are they out to destroy the very source of their power (as in the government). Are they planning on using our military against us? Why would the military be okay with that? If not, why wouldn't we use our military against them?And please, if guns are sooo necesarry to secure our safety, why have multitudes of people never owned them, and lived long and happy lives?I have no real problem with gun ownership, per se, but the pedestal some place guns on is batsh($ crazy. Please, can someone name any other inanimate object that we would take pictures with and mail in Christmas cards??? Perhaps this year I'll pose with Santa and my filing cabinet, or laundry basket??? This is such a perfect illustration of my beef with gun nuts. I've yet to hear any gun enthusiast make a rational argument or present non-biased data in support of gun ownership. They inevitably fall back upon illogical fear mongering, or personal insults when they're unable to answer my claims. The reason some people are so crazy about guns isn't because they're such wonderful tools of self defense or deter crimes or protect our freedom, it's because they're sexy. They make mundane, ordinary people, living mundane ordinary lives, feel excitement and power. Of course if you all realized that, you'd have to admitt that you're life is mundane and ordinary. And wouldn't that be a kick in the pants. So instead you buy into these fear mongering arguments put forth by the NRA, who by the way has a vested interest in keeping you buying into them, seeing as they make gazillions of dollars off our your illogic.Anyone who's truly, only considering gun ownership as a rational self defense mechanism, they will have NO problem, instituting better control over gun sales.130 votes#1.27 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:24 AM ESTtroy1960 Comment collapsed by the communityTell me why....  "I don't like Friday's"???18 votes#1.28 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:27 AM ESTdenver bill 2 Comment collapsed by the communitySarah-3043284Cars aren't built for the sole reason of making killing a human being easy.Neither are guns. I understand your position, but you do not bolster it by making bombastic and untrue claims.70 votes#1.29 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:29 AM ESTSlimyone Comment collapsed by the community@help is coming When you saycars have killed a lot of people, but I have not heard anyone advocating banning cars.That is not applicable because the difference between a car and a gun is that a gun if used as intended kills a person.  A car is not like that.28 votes#1.30 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:29 AM ESTroc1960 Comment collapsed by the communityI dont like Mondays.11 votes#1.31 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:30 AM ESTLarry-2260635 Comment collapsed by the communityStop covering this crap on national media and maybe the copycat nuts will go away.That is not applicable because the difference between a car and a gun is  that a gun if used as intended kills a person.  A car is not like that.Sorry but I disagree. A gun is made for the sole purpose to protect ones self from danger whether it be man or beast. A car in the wrong hands is considered an assault weapon also. Just ask any policeman that has been a victim of an assault by a deranged driver.63 votes#1.32 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:31 AM ESTTim-1496116yaypolitics, You hit the nail on the head.  The issue isn't with tools; it's with the society and families we grow up in.  I was watching TV the other day and realized that almost every good show involves violence.  I mean to the point where every show is predicated on the goal of killing another human being.  When kids grow up watching this crap (and playing this crap on their XBox or whatever) how can we be surprised when they're desensitized to it?  How can we be surprised when they think it's somewhat normal?These criminals have decided to commit the highest crime in our nation on a public stage; they are NOT going to be concerned that they're carrying something illegal.  What's 10 more years tacked on to 4 life sentences? Outlawing tools will just make another tool the tool of choice.  I understand peoples' desire to "do something" but outlawing firearms is a pseudo-response.  We need a real response to the underlying problem of our culture.We need to get back to teaching some values to our children so they understand why a human life is precious.219 votes#1.33 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:31 AM ESThaggisbingo-2225582RestoredSTUPID gun nuts and their gun culture!!!!!114 votes#1.34 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:33 AM ESTRobin hot in NM Comment collapsed by the communityIs it too soon to start blaming George Bush for this?42 votes#1.35 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:33 AM ESTSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityDenver,A hand gun is not intended for hunting. Nor is the reason for its invention "sport" or target shooting. Those are secondary. They didn't come up with the concept of the hand gun or pistol for target shooting, those were applied after the fact. Self defense? Well yes, by making it possible to easily KILL the perp.55 votes#1.36 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:34 AM ESTscreminmimi Comment collapsed by the communityThis is an "opinion" venue, so here is mine...I'm 61 and grew up in an era where guns were everywhere. They were in every home, and every TV show of a serious nature had guns in them, and the hero used a gun to bring justice. Westerns dominated the screen, and you just could not have a successful Western without the hero using his gun to kill the bad guys.But in those days, there was usually a lot of discussion during the course of the Western and cop shows by the heroes with the other actors about how guns were only tools of last resort, and it was obvious that the hero used them only reluctantly.Most of the people my age grew up with gun toys and those "violent" cartoons that were taken off TV.But there is nothing more violent or that glorifies the gun culture more than video games. Say what you will about free enterprise and parenting, blah, blah, blah, it damn well takes a village... or a global world... to raise today's children, and when today's global world says it's okay to flood juvenile minds with the graphic virtual reality of video games and the gaming community that is so real it can make you want to stay in that world instead of the miserable one you were born into, what the hell do you expect these kids to grow up and become?THAT is where your gun culture has come from... NOT from the NRA and citizens who are responsible gun owners. The world is not real to these people, and neither are the people they interact with. They, themselves, are not even real. They are just blips on a computer screen.262 votes#1.37 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:35 AM ESTAleChild Comment collapsed by the communityLarry-2260635So we should not show information about anything that is horrible like this? Are you a book burner or a holocaust denier? There are more constitutional amendments than the 2nd, Like the 1st.I say we put metal detectors at every school door.22 votes#1.38 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:37 AM ESTSeldom Seen Sam  Colorado Comment collapsed by the communityIs it too soon to start blaming George Bush for this?ahh Robin, you just copied Sarah and haggisbingo's answer to everything.... you're now on their $hit list!Screminmimi (1.37), thank you.... you're post is the most sensible response I've read on this subject! 63 votes#1.39 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:40 AM ESTBarlow-1919963 Comment collapsed by the communityWow!!  Now the NRA will want 1st graders packin' heat!!!28 votes#1.40 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:40 AM ESTthe queenie Comment collapsed by the communitythank you Sarah-3043284....it's always refreshing to see ur posts as well on here:)20 votes#1.41 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:41 AM ESTCheyellesIs this going on like everyday now???Every day we see the news there's a lunatic shooting at people somewhere?28 votes#1.42 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:41 AM ESTVivian, Comment collapsed by the communitythanks again to Obama and the left wing gun haters.  If all citizens were armed including teachers we would never have this problem.28 votes#1.43 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:43 AM ESTSeldom Seen Sam  Colorado Comment collapsed by the communityScreminmimi (1.37), thank you.... you're post is the most sensible response I've read on this subject!oops,  typed you're instead of your!  My bad Sarah!18 votes#1.44 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:44 AM ESTBarlow-1919963 Comment collapsed by the communityAll the guns are coming home to roost!!11 votes#1.45 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:45 AM ESTSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communitythanks again to Obama and the left wing gun haters. If all citizens were armed including teachers we would never have this problem.Oh good God. Please name ONE, just ONE, law Obama has signed that deals with gun control.And, yes, that's exactly what we need, citizens in a shoot out, inside an elementary school. Because handling a situation like this is THAT easy. There's no tunnel vision, indecision, panic, stress, confusion, piss poor aim...It doesn't take extensive training, or anything, to be able to neutralize such a situation, any body can do it!I've got news for you, if someone is crazy enough to shoot up an elementary school, they're too crazy to care if you're packing heat. They already realize their life is as good as over when they start.Seldom,Please quote where I've blamed Bush for something. It can be in regards to ANY issue. I'll wait...101 votes#1.46 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:45 AM ESTDerek-381097You know, there's an incident with 22 children being slashed in China, so I am okay with looking at gun laws, because I am not one of the vaporheads who things no guns should be allowed by anyone at all (anti-constitutional anyway) nor do I think you get to own a tank just because you have the money.  Somewhere, common sense people need to have the arguement and win over the knuckleheads. But obviously violence is being committed with other weapons too. (@Sarah, yeah, I do not consider you one of the vaporheads, so don't worry :D )But aside from that, there's a pathetic need for violent attention that isn't just in one country alone.  From the Oregon shooter, to China to this....there's a sad, narcisitic, very wimpy and pathetic, yet entirely dangerous, if infantile, need for attention that people who commit these acts of violence against children seem to have.  And while we really don't know specifically about the cases that just happened, since they have to be fully investigated, it certainly seems true with other cases, like the Norway shooter, or Columbine, or Virginia Tech.So what is it that has people go into violent mode and attack defenseless people...kids no less?  I, for one, have a hard time watching it make front page news.  It is news, after all, yet with all the attention it garners, it only gives the killer what they seem to have wanted.Leave it at that.  I think if there was a simple solution, it would have been found already.  But I think it needs to start being thought about in that regard.52 votes#1.47 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:46 AM ESTvfeinstein Comment collapsed by the communitySarah-304284:Well said.  Kudos.21 votes#1.48 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:46 AM ESTbtone Comment collapsed by the communityI don't really care about guns.  I do laugh, though, at all the tough guys who use their guns as a replacement for a spine.54 votes#1.49 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:47 AM ESTDaniel564Alechild, I doubt a metal detector would stop someone from coming into a school when his intention is to shoot people.. Pretty sure the gun going off would give him away, right?25 votes#1.50 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:47 AM ESToptimistic-3605084 Comment collapsed by the communityNoncoms: I agree 100%. We have become a culture of guns. Not safe anywhere. I have worked in mental health for 30 years and have seen this system drastically deteriorate. However, there are many people walking around with serious mental health problems who will never seek help even if it's available. I do believe that the easy access of guns greatly contributes to all these random shootings. Twenty years ago guns were not as readily available. There were still people with mental health issues and we rarely saw anything like we are seeing today with random shootings at schools and other public places. IT IS THE GUNS. Of course, the gun nuts will never admit that because they are either misinformed or in denial. No one is talking about eliminating hunting rifles, but semi automatic weapons do not belong in the hands of just anyone. I believe that a combination of violence in the media, easy access to guns and people with severe mental health issues are a sure recipe for disaster and we have the evidence to prove this.  Imagine a world without this type of violence. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we could send our kids to school without worry that someone will come along and blow them away. Wouldn't it be wonderful to go to the mall or a restaurant or a college campus or anywhere we want and not have to worry about being shot by someone with a semi automatic. We are no longer free to go anywhere without fear of being another statistic. I feel sad for the youth of today. They will never know what it's like to not live in fear.32 votes#1.51 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:51 AM ESTJessica-1170252 Comment collapsed by the communityeh, nothing to see here, just another crazy exercising his 2nd amendment rights.thank jebus he didnt kill my child, I might have to seriously consider the role guns play in our nation...and how easy it is for crazies to have access to them...and why as a conservative nation we dont believe in taking care of each other, meaning - taking care of the crazies so they dont do stuff like this.thank jebus it wasnt MY CHILD...so I dont really have to care.27 votes#1.52 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:52 AM ESTvfeinstein Comment collapsed by the community"thanks again to Obama and the left wing gun haters.  If all citizens  were armed including teachers we would never have this problem.Did you just fall off the turnip truck, Vivian?  Show me one proposal - or tiny hint for that matter - where Obama put forth any effort to restrict gun rights ... I won't hold my breath waiting because I'll suffocate.  Why?  Because there aren't - nor were there - proposals that are remotely connected to Obama seeking to take away your guns.  In fact, he has EXPANDED gun rights.  To wit:  Signed legislation allowing guns in National Parks.  That's it, sweet cheeks.  And, arming teachers is a "great" idea - Picture this:  A bunch of teachers run out of their classrooms and see someone holding a gun and all teachers start shooting at once ... guess what happens, genius?  MORE people are maimed and killed because the elementary school just became the f**king OK Corral.Further, no one wants to take your gun away so stop being so frigging paranoid.  All gun control advocates want are reasonable and common sense gun restrictions.  To wit:  Bring back the assault weapons ban; ban high capacity magazines.Stop swallowing what the NRA vomits down your throat. 61 votes#1.53 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:53 AM ESTBenSnead Comment collapsed by the communityOh good God. Please name ONE, just ONE, law Obama has signed that deals with gun control.Obama, Hillary, and Eric (with)Holder all have made it very clear they don't like the 2nd Amendment.   Their words and actions speak volumns on the subject...  those liberals who would deny this are deluding themselves!36 votes#1.54 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:53 AM ESTAleChildDaniel564An alarm sounds BEFORE a gun.8 votes#1.55 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:54 AM ESTPJ-518978 Comment collapsed by the communityIan and Sarah you live in lala land!  Cars DO kill people!  Look at drunk drivers or people like Lindsay Lohan that just plows into someone!  The POINT that I'm trying to make that the ban on guns won't stop this kind of killing!  Think outside of your bubble world!33 votes#1.56 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:54 AM ESTSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityBen,Then answer the question. Name one law Obama has signed dealing with gun control. They're entitled to their personal beliefs, but I don't see them acting on those beliefs. Unless of course you can name one???PJ,Again...The purpose of a car is transportation, not expediting human death. Plus, they're highly regulated and controlled.No one said cars don't kill people. What we said, is it's an illogical comparison. When was the last time you heard about someone driving into an elementary school and running over people for the express purpose of killing them.67 votes#1.57 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:58 AM ESTbtone Comment collapsed by the communityObama, Hillary, and Eric (with)Holder all have made it very clear they don't like the 2nd Amendment.   Their words and actions speak volumns on the subject...  those liberals who would deny this are deluding themselvesBen Snead,Can you find the quote that the President made against the 2nd Ammendment?  What actions has the President taken to limit guns?60 votes#1.58 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:58 AM ESTtroy1960 Comment collapsed by the communityIs it too soon to start blaming George Bush for this?I believe all gun sales went way up during the last year of Obama administration.21 votes#1.59 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:58 AM ESTMark from BridgeportBanning guns.... great idea. Because it's so hard to get pot, cocaine, or anything else that floats your boat. Because DC and Chicago did the same thing and had the highest gun violence rates in the country for 25 years. And Prohibition worked great in the 1920s and early 30's, too!Yes, sounds logical to me!115 votes#1.60 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:59 AM ESTMr.Steady Comment collapsed by the communityCouldn't even make it to comment 1.10 before someone blamed it on the NRA.  Some people are un-effing believable.  Do you people even know what the NRA is, or do you just pick up some dumb ass liberal talking point and pass it along?For the record, I am NOT a member of the NRA.  However, for someone to even implicate that they are responsible for actions like these flies completely in the face of logic.  You may as well blame Budweiser for drunk driving accidents.78 votes#1.61 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:59 AM ESTHal-2824511 Comment collapsed by the communityThere is no point in trying to regulate guns because people will always find a way to kill. In fact, we shouldn't even bother having any laws, you know? People will always find a way to break them. I say every man, woman and child for themselves. If you can't defend yourself, your just a liability anyway.Why even bother?*** The preceding is how those in favor of complele unfettered access to guns sound to me. Like it is too much trouble to actually care about who can have a gun. The people who are killed in these rampage/suicide incidents are collatoral damage in the defense of the 2nd ammendment .25 votes#1.62 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:59 AM ESTvfeinstein Comment collapsed by the community"Obama, Hillary, and Eric (with)Holder all have made it very clear they  don't like the 2nd Amendment.   Their words and actions speak volumns on  the subject...  those liberals who would deny this are deluding  themselves!"Oh, so laws don't need to pass Congress now?  Just merely making a statement, words become law?Further, what "actions" sport?  What laws has he proposed - and has Congress passed - that seeks to take your penis, I mean, gun away from you?On another note, Hillary and Holder don't make laws.  Neither does Obama.  It's called Congress.  That's what you get for missing Civics 101 in high school.  Perhaps paying attention in school instead of playing with your penis, I mean gun, you would have known this.42 votes#1.63 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:00 PM ESTthe queeniePJ-518978 um what????.....reading comprehension is a good thing....try it sometime!!!!9 votes#1.64 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:00 PM ESTLeft Wing Nut Job Comment collapsed by the communityI love the gun advocates that pretend that guns were not designed for killing human beings; I would suggest you actually do a little research. First of all, guns were designed PRECISELY for killing other human beings - they were not designed for hunting or for self defense, they were designed to kill the enemy. While adopted to use for hunting, this was not the purpose of their original design. Secondly, the article states that two handguns were recovered - how many of you hunters go out in the woods with your revolvers to bag an elk? Handguns are really short-range weapons, so the bogus "hunting" claim is silly; unless you have a really accurate handgun and a very steady hand, I doubt you would think that the first thing to grab on a hunting trip would be a pistol. And I doubt anybody here intentionally uses their car to bag that prize buck (unless he happens to run in front of you on the highway, which may damage you at least as much as him); the car argument is inane (you could use virtually anything for a weapon, including a Bible...try again).Prison? Yeah, a real deterrent for those that do not intend to actually walk away from their shooting sprees. The guy at the mall probably was really concerned with this, as it appears that he was truly obsessed with what would happen to him after he shot up the food court (we don't know about this clown yet). Oh, that's right...he shot himself, as do many of these wonderful folks (or commit suicide by cop instead, as may be the case here). These people don't appear to care if there is a country club atmosphere at the old hoosegow, or even it it is infested with gang activity - they do not intend to go anywhere after they shoot the place up.Arguments about how other "tools" could be used for this are spurious. Could they use a bow or  even a crossbow? Sure, and that has happened a few (very few) times. They could also use a bomb, a al McVeigh, but those are also rare here (thankfully). Knives? Not a particularly good tool for mass killings, although maybe you could use your handy broadsword. No, sorry, firearms are what are used more often than not.And drop the "Obama is after our guns" nonsense...just name a law that Obama has fought for to take your guns away, let alone signed. Go for it. Quit echoing baseless talking points.51 votes#1.65 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:04 PM ESTJessica-1170252Derek - I hear what you are saying and I dont think there is a good solution.maybe there's a reason suicide in japan is regarded as noble.maybe it's far more noble to just off yourself, and only yourself, than to take a whole bunch of people down with you. maybe they already had this problem, and praising single suiciders was the solution.it seems warped to be happy that someone offed themselves...but when the alternative is they take a bunch of people out with them, maybe it's not such a bad alternative.and it's cheaper than medicating these people in mental health institutions when the reality is, they'll likely never get right in the head.i know there are a lot of people who disagree with me, but sometimes you have to reinforce the best of the worst behaviour, simply because the alternative is that much worse.18 votes#1.66 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:04 PM ESTRonB from Pittsburgh Comment collapsed by the community1.  No new guns in this country for civilian use for a generation.  You can buy and sell existing guns.  Law-abiding gun owners will take care of theirs.  Criminals will tend not to, and will tend to have theirs confiscated when they are arrested.  At the end of a generation, very few criminals will have or be able to get guns.2.  To drive a car, you have to take a test.  To buy a gun, you have to take two.  One is psychological.3.  If your gun is stolen or lost, and you don't report it, and it ends up being used in a crime, you get the same sentence as the criminal.Problem not solved, but significantly reduced.31 votes#1.67 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:07 PM ESTinMYday@Dude,Believe it or not, legally speaking, it actually is a fundamental right to be mentally ill, or "crazy," as you put it.Now, behavior is another matter!Do some homework on the point and you'll see.12 votes#1.68 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:07 PM ESTclflan2-1 Comment collapsed by the communityI laugh at the fools that think they can ban or take our guns away here in America. I really wish they would make a serious effort so we can finish this once and for all. Molon Labe.....hehehehehehehe, COME ON WE ARE WAITING!hehehehehehehe.........7 votes#1.69 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:07 PM ESTChris-1266664The cars argument is a tad old.  Let's replace it with alcohol instead.  Alcohol serves no real medicinal purpose and how many deaths have some aspect of alcohol intertwined with them?  Know why no one wants to get rid of it?  becuase Dems and Repubs, gun owners and gun haters all drink.  When you talk of banning something that people like, they freak out.  Just like gun owners do not want to hear of all guns being banned.  Personally, this country's inability to effectively treat and combat mental illness is a real issue, and will onyl get worse.  Guns or no guns, you'll see people lashing out in violent ways. 53 votes#1.70 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:10 PM ESTnoncoms Comment collapsed by the communityGreat comment above: "I feel sorry for our kids, who will never know what it is like to grow up without fear."There are countries that don't have this level of violence (like Canada or Denmark or New Zealand). And we didn't have this level of violence 50 years ago when I was a kid. This is a solvable problem. But like any addict, the first step is to admit that we have a gun and violence problem. The second step is to devote real resources towards addressing it.I'd point out that we did change our smoking society into one where smoking is far more rare.  The change came from some laws, yes, but also the co-operation of film makers, media personalities, and the general societal shift from admiring smokers to seeing them in a negative light.  I'd love to see gun ownership as something dirty and unhealthy, to be done only in isolated places.  And yes, conflict resolution, mental health services, and everything possible to help those near a violent breakdown to have another option.39 votes#1.71 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:12 PM ESTMark from BridgeportRonB from Pittsburgh1.  No new guns in this country for civilian use for a generation.  You can buy and sell existing guns.  Law-abiding gun owners will take care of theirs.  Criminals will tend not to, and will tend to have theirs confiscated when they are arrested.  At the end of a generation, very few criminals will have or be able to get guns.2.  To drive a car, you have to take a test.  To buy a gun, you have to take two.  One is psychological.3.  If your gun is stolen or lost, and you don't report it, and it ends up being used in a crime, you get the same sentence as the criminal.Problem not solved, but significantly reduced.#1: Yeah, great idea. It's not like you can't bring in guns from outside the country with our big, wonderful, open borders. No one ever smuggled booze in from Canada back in the day. No one brings drugs over the borders now, either.#2: This already exists in Connecticut, New York, and lots of other states. You cannot get a gun legally w/o a license, and you cannot get a license with any record of mental illness.#3: So this will extend to stolen cars too, right?26 votes#1.72 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:12 PM ESTLeft Wing Nut Job Comment collapsed by the communityMark, do gun advocates tend towards some kind of car fetish? Why are cars always brought up? How many people have their cars stolen without reporting it? Geez.21 votes#1.73 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:15 PM ESTDerek-381097@Jessica.  Well, suicide is certainly another kind of problem.  My only problem with suicide is that someone should be able to do it when it is proven that they are fully mentally capably.  Committing suicide does not indicate mental imbalance.  That's a religious ideal installed in a medical institution.  Easiest example of that is someone terminally ill and in pain.But back to us.  You know, it seems we humans like to congregate in large groups.  This is where these shooters go.  And when I mean large, I do mean in places with over 10 people.  And preferably, a lot larger than that.  We're social creatures, for the most part.  And for the most part, social creatures also have outcasts.  Am I wrong for citing alienation as one of the problems with these shooters?  You know, whatever was going on for them, they didn't feel included in society in some way?And, then, of course, there's the distinction between getting alienated and why the hell that then goes and means you should go kill people over it.  Specifically strangers.  I'm no psychologist or psychiatrist but I can't help but think it has something to do with that.Anyone who thinks that means having sympathy for a killler is wrong.  What it means is it is a bit too late to handle the problem once bullets or knives or whatever starts flying.  The problem should be identified beforehand, and ACTED on.24 votes#1.74 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:20 PM ESTkaybeetoys Comment collapsed by the communityAG99Good grief, can we find out what happened first before launching the tired and utterly predictable gun debate?Why launch a gun debate at all, AG? Why were those school children not armed? If they had been, this whole scenario could have been prevented, right??Cue gun apologists and NRA fanatics. They are the first to comment on these incidents... gotta make sure we all know it wasn't the gun's fault!30 votes#1.75 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:22 PM ESTHal-2824511clflan2-1I laugh at the fools that think they can ban or take our guns away here in AmericaSo would I if I ever encountered someone who is serious about this as a viable thing to do. The reasonable people only think it shouldn't be so easy for a person who might use the weapon violently to obtain. Yes, criminals with the will would still be able to get them. It just becomes a hell of a lot more serious if you get caught with a gun you shouldn't have. See my previous remark.It would be foolish to try and confiscate the legal weapons belonging to law abiding citizens - no doubt at all. Not an option. But we would be foolish not to do all we can to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. Even if it meant changing the constitution- lives saved would make it worth it.16 votes#1.76 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:23 PM ESTkaybeetoys Comment collapsed by the communityCommitting suicide does not indicate mental imbalance. Thank you for your diagnosis, Dr. Freud.You're all wet.10 votes#1.77 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:25 PM ESTGeorge Hayduke Sr Comment collapsed by the communityObama, Hillary, and Eric (with)Holder all have made it very clear they don't like the 2nd Amendment.   Their words and actions speak volumns on the subject...  those liberals who would deny this are deluding themselves!I can't speak for Ben who posted this... but it is true that gun control advocates are pleased with obama's reelection as he had promised to support gun control and restrict gun ownership in his first term.  He has also directed Hillary to support Agenda 21 which partly addresses the international trade of small arms between nations, which some Americans feel would be a gateway to further implimentation of stricter gun controls in the USA.And who can forget Holders part in the Fast and Furious program which was intended to eventually weaken or circumvent the 2nd amendment! Gun control by definition is a pet project of all liberals, who think the government should have control of all daily activity in America. (read Atlas Shrugged or see the 2 part movie)39 votes#1.78 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:27 PM ESTZardoz8238 Comment collapsed by the communityArrest the parents! and ... End 2nd Amendment abuses with COMPREHENSIVE GUN CONTROL!!!!7 votes#1.79 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:29 PM ESTAnIndividual Comment collapsed by the communityIf the NRA insists that we live in The Old West, then by gawd, lets do it and do it right!So from now on: everyone checks their guns in with the sherriff!8 votes#1.80 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:30 PM ESTclflan2-1Hal, It is impossible to prevent bad things from happeing in life and part of living in a Free Society is having to put up with wacko's everyday of the year. It is a pipe dream to think anything else. The will never ever be a Utopia on the Planet Earth.29 votes#1.81 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:31 PM ESTSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityGeorge,So he hasn't signed anything. Right? Yes or no???Supporting an international agenda, not applicable to our nation's laws, that PARTLY addresses the international trade of small arms, is all you got? Because we want third world countries trading arms without regulation?And, I'm sorry, Holder started the fast and furious project??? Yes or no?Maybe you can answer my questions...And, who are these representatives in our government that you need a gun to protect your liberty from? How are they planning on getting around our systems of checks and balances? Why are they out to destroy the very source of their power (as in the government). Are they planning on using our military against us? Why would the military be okay with that? If not, why wouldn't we use our military against them?28 votes#1.82 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:31 PM ESTVin1112DeletedMark from Bridgeport@LWNJ Mark, do gun advocates tend towards some kind of car fetish? Why are cars always brought up? How many people have their cars stolen without reporting it? Geez.It's because every year, cars kill more people than guns. Everyone (pretty much) owns a car, but no one (pretty much) wants to ban them. That's why. A thing is a thing.25 votes#1.84 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:32 PM ESTVin1112DeletednancyMelvinDeletedBrainiacV Comment collapsed by the communityHey, if all the kids had been packing it wouldn't have been a problem, right?They could have stood their ground and shown him what's what.That's what I keep hearing from the so called adults and "responsible" gun nuts enthusiasts.17 votes#1.87 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:33 PM ESTcheetah-822547It's always the sweet kid who has never caused trouble before - and would seem normal but for being a drunk, having just lost his job, and facing eviction. He's your kid, your nephew, and your neighbor and until you make an effort to get involved you can leave my rights out of your problems.The greatest beneficiary of gun violence is the anti-gun Hollywood.15 votes#1.88 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:35 PM ESTDerek-381097@Kaybeetoys:  I should have added the word, 'necessarily.'But you know you can't go back and edit stuff after like 5 minutes.However, you'll know that to be true if you listen to actual psychologists or psychiatrists themselves.  At least ones who think and are worth their title.6 votes#1.89 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:36 PM ESTdenver bill 2 Comment collapsed by the communitySarah-3043284Denver, A hand gun is not intended for hunting. Nor is the reason for its invention "sport" or target shooting. Those are secondary. They didn't come up with the concept of the hand gun or pistol for target shooting,Now that you have modified your subject from "guns" (as implied by your use of "cars" in your post) to "hand guns" you have a more tenable position. In fact, "they" invented the hand gun to make it easier to shoot from horseback. A hand gun, like any other firearm, is intended for shooting .... at whatever the owner is aiming at. My brother, for instance, uses a .44 revolver to hunt wild boar in Arkansas. He has never pointed a gun at another person, much less shot at them. This evidence, while anecdotal and the exception rather than the rule, is proof that handguns are for hunting if that is what you use them for.21 votes#1.90 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:36 PM ESTVin1112DeletedLeft Wing Nut Job Comment collapsed by the communityGeorge...Atlas Shrugged? Seriously? Do you think that was a history book? IT WAS A NOVEL, written by a nut whose protagonist was a deranged killer. Is this the best the right can do?Oh, and the oft cited Fast and Furious was being used in an attempt to stem illegal weapons winding up in MEXICO, a county that does not have a "Second Amendment" to worry about (that amendment, by the way, specifically states "militia" which has NOTHING to do with what all the gun lobby whines about - if you must make a stink about constitutionality, act like you know what it is). And the original concept was from that evil liberal Bush administration.George, you need to work on your righteous indignation. A lot.20 votes#1.92 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:38 PM ESTvfeinstein Comment collapsed by the community"I can't speak for Ben who posted this... but it is true that gun  control advocates are pleased with obama's reelection as he had promised  to support gun control and restrict gun ownership in his first term.   He has also directed Hillary to support Agenda 21 which partly addresses  the international trade of small arms between nations, which some  Americans feel would be a gateway to further implimentation of stricter  gun controls in the USA."Reinstate the Assault Weapons Ban; Ban high capacity clips.  A FAR cry from "taking yer guns away."  Further, the UN small arms treaty does not trump federal law.  In fact, no international law trumps federal law.  Only paranoid nitwits believe it's a "gateway to further implementation of stricter gun controls in the USA.""And who can forget Holders part in the Fast and Furious program which  was intended to eventually weaken or circumvent the 2nd amendment!"Perhaps you missed the myriad of reports that the Office of the Inspector General's investigation did not find any evidence of Holder's "part" in F&F.  Your statement is just another thoroughly debunked talking point."Gun control by definition is a pet project of all liberals, who think  the government should have control of all daily activity in America.  (read Atlas Shrugged or see the 2 part movie)"LMAO ... "Atlas Shrugged" ... not worth my time to respond to your inherent cowardice and paranoia.11 votes#1.93 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:38 PM ESTZardoz8238 Comment collapsed by the communityVin1112 - "Arrest illegals and Comprehensive COMMUNIST Control!"The mutterings of a true right wingnut. Didn't learn from the pasting you just got in the recent election. Your type is STILL spouting absurd idiocy!Keep it up. 2014 is just around the corner. You'll lose the House for sure!14 votes#1.94 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:39 PM ESTme1234567891Banning guns is a band aid solution. This is a societal epidemic brought on by poor parenting, lackluster education, and a culture that glorifies deviance and spits in the face of spirituality, hard work, personal empowerment, and self restraint. We need leaders who see beyond the surface and can develop solutions that will actually solve problems. Unfortunately our representatives (Republicans and Democrats alike) have proven themselves unbelievably terrible at doing anything more than spouting rhetoric and pushing crappy legislation with one primary goal - to gain power and get re-elected.35 votes#1.95 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:39 PM ESTSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityThis evidence, while anecdotal and the exception rather than the rule, is proof that handguns are for hunting if that is what you use them for.But that is NOT what hand guns are intended for. Unlike cars, where the intention behind them IS transportation.So they're comparing something's secondary or accidental use, i.e. a car, to something's primary purpose, i.e. a hand gun.ME,a culture that glorifies deviance and spits in the face of spirituality,Because religious and/or spiritual people have never killed innocents?24 votes#1.96 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:40 PM ESTOUwhineThe most troubling thing about all of this is apparently we have a large number of people in our culture that think wrecking lives through the killing of others is a mechanism to give them some sense of worth or acknowledgement in our society.   Not sure what other motives they might have but obviously we have many people amongst us who think killing others somehow either validates them or gives them some sort of release.   And the fact that so much of this is occurring probably means it is not going to stop until out society takes steps to curtail this behavior.    Kudos should be given to the Oregon authorities for the quick response and handling of the mall shooting earlier this week.   Maybe as crazy as it sounds we start having metal detectors and screening at every public facility.   I don't know how you fix this or stop it, but this will not end soon or go away without a concerted effort by all of us to accept actions and changes that many will not like to curtail this activity.    At least here in the Dallas area most schools are locked after the students enter for the day and actually a few high schools do have metal detectors for the students to go through to enter school. No easy fixes for this and lots of people are going to be unhappy about what is done to fix it, if we start addressing the problem.   That should be obvious.    7 votes#1.97 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:40 PM ESTLeprakawnBarlow-1919963:Wow!! Now the NRA will want 1st graders packin' heat!!!Don't you remember "Naked Gun 33 1/3?" The scene where the cop opens the kid's backpack and pulls the gun out.At least, I am pretty sure it was that movie.3 votes#1.98 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:41 PM ESTStMiller George Hayduke Sr - George it is a wild exaggeration to even think that Obama will do anything to impose any sort of gun control in America.  Gun advocates make every single attempt to put any limitation of guns, bullets, who can own them as some sort of slippery slope.  What possible move by our government can a gun advocate point to in the past 50 years that has seriously impaired their ability to own as many and whatever types of guns or ammo that they want?  The Assault Ban?  Nope. You can still buy assault rifles, sniper rifles, etc.  Hell you can buy a .905 cal sniper rifle!  The only thing that the slippery slope argument shows is the gun lobby's use of fear mongering to get what they want.  I am not against overturning the 2nd Amendment, but there is no good reason why anyone in this country should be allowed to own an assault rifle, a sniper rifle, kevlar piercing rounds, etc.  Gun advocates need to be willing to make concessions as well.  And don't even remotely suggest that the gun laws on the books are enough...they clearly aren't.   25 votes#1.99 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:41 PM ESTEl_DuderinoGet with the program, NBCNews. ABC is already reporting at least a dozen kids dead. Absolutely tragic. 3 votes#1.100 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:42 PM ESTJH-479998STOP publishing the names of these idiots that do this. Their life problems should go to the unmarked grave with them.11 votes#1.101 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:43 PM ESTEvaPeron Comment collapsed by the communityTaxes, gun control, blaming Bush for everything, more government control of our lives.....  these are all the things liberals want for Christmas!Even with horrible stories like this, a liberal will rant about gun control, rather than show concern for the victims!Let's show some compassion here.... the photo of the crying children being led away from the school was heartbreaking!22 votes#1.102 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:43 PM ESTLeft Wing Nut JobReports are at least 27 dead, including 14 children. These are preliminary reports, which may explain why it isn't reported here yet (for your edification, Duderino - if you don't like the coverage here, quit yoiur whining and go to another site and stay there).Guy was apparently a parent and was armed with at least one Glock. Very sad.6 votes#1.103 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:45 PM ESTpeteMT Comment collapsed by the communityDear Jesus, thanks for protecting those kids and preventing this guy from doing this!How about that? What? It doesn't work that way?14 votes#1.104 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:47 PM ESTSam-1938777I have a hard time fighting for either side. Im not a gun nut by any means, however I do own guns and conceal carry. That being said, for the last goddamn time stop comparing cars to guns. Cars are designed for transport. Ive never met nor found ANYONE who decided they wanted to get in a accident. So comparing car deaths due to accidents vs gun deaths due to someone with the intention to kill is completely and utterly stupid. Now, I could care less whether I own my guns or not. I was perfectly safe for the 23 years prior to owning any, and I would still feel safe even w/o them. I do not think we should ban guns, but something needs to be done about the out of control gun culture in America. Every legal gun owner is on a very thin line between a law abiding citizen and a criminal. All I simply have to do is use my gun ONCE in an inappropriate way and suddenly im a criminal.(That's true for EVERY legal gun owner). Crime is what the problem is. A high gun area or a low gun area makes no difference. Guns don't deter crime. If that were true than we should fill compton with guns. The problem is the gun culture. People see it as means to kill and it does it effectively. More guns on the street does not make it safer the way more cars on the road would make us accident free. People who want to ban guns cant make any stand because the 2nd amendment touting idiots dont want to admit that the culture of guns has serious flaws. Any regulations or laws are looked at taking away your freedoms. Its not and until both sides wake the @!$%# up, we will be stuck with people getting killed everyday. People need to learn how to respect the gun, properly use it, maintain it , and store it. (Such as everyone does for cars with a drivers license).*You will always have people who use the equipment incorrectly. *Taking away all the laws on cars would only lead to greater destruction on our roads. Guns are at that point right now.*A guy going into a mall armed with a shovel is less likely to kill a ton of people than a guy going in with a gun. Guns kill effectively and that's all their is to it.27 votes#1.105 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:48 PM ESTStMillerWhy do so many of you keeping using that term "liberal"?  I seriously doubt that you even understand what that means.  just because someone is towards the center in relation to a conservative position does not mean that they are a liberal.  Liberal is an extreme position.  Slight tax increases, slightly increased gun control, etc are moderate positions....not only a liberal position.Sam-1938777 - Well said.29 votes#1.106 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:49 PM ESTlilirocksI see the car argument again.Cars are made with the purpose of transportation. If you have a license to drive and kill someone, they'll investigate to see if you did something wrong. If you didn't, then its not your fault. A gun or pistol is manufactured to kill people. There is a BIG difference.We all know that guns don't kill people by themselves, but our Nation's culture is becoming one of anger and hate, and instability. These lunatics we hear and see everyday are not your typical hoodlums, drug dealers, or even criminals of any type. They're most times regular people who breakdown for different everyday reasons.We have to deal with gun laws and regulations now. Especially, in a country like ours that is the most armed country in the world.10 votes#1.107 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:50 PM ESTVin1112DeletedSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityEven with horrible stories like this, a liberal will rant about gun control, rather than show concern for the victims!And you will attempt to use it to demonize a group of people you don't agree with. We see rational, and slightly increased gun control as a possible solution. How is irrational fear of taxes, blaming Bush, or governmental control applicable to anything here?24 votes#1.109 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:50 PM ESTPersonal Responsibility!!! Comment collapsed by the communityYet another mass shooting.  21st since 2009, Obama truly has created a hopeless America.15 votes#1.110 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:51 PM ESTEl_DuderinoLeft Wing Nut Job - So you're saying you get all of your news from one source? That's a great way to become brainwashed by the media.12 votes#1.111 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:51 PM ESTVin1112DeletedSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityYet another mass shooting. 21st since 2009, Obama truly has created a hopeless America.Because prior to 2008, we had no mass shootings. Besides, I though Obama was coming for your guns???30 votes#1.113 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:54 PM ESTGOPisextinct Comment collapsed by the communityThis is on the front page of today's Detroit Free Press:"GOP increases places you can carry gun in to"The same legislature that eliminated Unions last week also now allows me to carry my 9 mm Ruger into day-care centers, elementary schools, churches, bars and stadiums now.I just can't carry it into Legislative chambers.Now why you s'pose THAT is?Just askin'.Sarah, I enjoy your stuff.  Keep writing,.....and hold your baby close today.26 votes#1.114 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:57 PM ESTZardoz8238 Comment collapsed by the communityI have to amend my earlier post about arresting the parents of the alleged shooter. Turns out it was likely an adult that actually entered this school and shot at children. And never any comment or condemnation from the NRA!I do stand by my demanding Comprehensive Gun Control.13 votes#1.115 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:57 PM ESTVin1112Deletedvfeinstein Comment collapsed by the community"Yet another mass shooting.  21st since 2009, Obama truly has created a hopeless America."Is doltishness a new thing for you or is it inherent to your nature?8 votes#1.117 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:58 PM ESTdirp Comment collapsed by the communityYaah!Another gun user is dead.One down, millions to go.Unfortunately, before all the gun nuts are dead, they will kill millions of innocent people.10 votes#1.118 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:00 PM ESTlilirocks5 to 10 year-old  kids describing a shooting.What an education for elementary school kids!11 votes#1.119 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:00 PM ESTVin1112DeletedscreminmimiHi, DB.Would love to chat, but this same old argument has given me a headache, and the news about the children has made me sad and sick.Personally, I live in the woods, and I need my guns. Feral animals, rabid animals, and men who think a woman living alone is easy prey make them necessary at times.36 votes#1.121 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:01 PM ESTRoadkillA minute of search showed homicide rate per 100000, across the globe:en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rateIt really doesn't support either side of the gun debate.  Countries have murders related to their cultures, not their gun laws!13 votes#1.122 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:03 PM ESTVin1112Deletedlib50What a terrible tragedy. So many idiots defending their guns instead of taking a hard look at a society that spits these nuts out regularly.   Look how many KIDS these GUNS killed. 18 votes#1.124 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:03 PM ESTSally Rocks classicallyHow is irrational fear of taxes, blaming Bush, or governmental control applicable to anything here?Sarah, I think you missed the point of Eva's post about how strident and uncompromising liberals can be.And I agree with Eva.... our concern here should be on the victims, the children! 11 votes#1.125 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:04 PM ESTOneslackrFirst of all this shooting is a complete tragedy. My condolences to the family/friends of the 26 victims.As was mentioned several times above until people are willing to address & fix the root cause of these violent rampages nothing will change.  Blaming inanimate objects is not going to change anything.We as a society need to figure out why so many people are flipping out & going off the deep end. Years ago before the Gun Control Act of 1968, signed by President Johnson, guns were easier to obtain than they are today.Back then, prior to the Gun Control Act, you could order guns by mail order & have them sent directly to your house. No background checks, no safe guards, nothing! Yet people back then were not shooting up their workplaces, schools, or shopping centers...What has changed with people/society?Fix the root cause & quit blaming guns.  Someone yesterday responded to me with a link showing that shooting rampages have quadrupled in the last 50 years.  While shooting rampages have increased murders by firearms have been declining.As you can see below (FBI stats) murders by firearms have been dropping, yet NICS checks ( National Instant Criminal Background Check System) & gun ownership have been increasing.There are an estimated 85+ million gun owners in the U.S. with an estimated 270+ million guns.   While it isn't any consolation to the family/friends of murder victims a fraction of 1% of the 270+ million firearms are used in committing murder every year...In 2011 8,583 murders were committed by firearms out of 12,664 murders. Guns might be the weapon of choice but they are not the cause.Trying to punish or blame 85+ million gun owners for the acts of deranged people who murder isn't going to get anyone anywhere.Total Murders by year;2006-15,0872007-14,9162008-14,2242009-13,7522010-12,9962011-12,664Total Murders by firearms2006-10,2252007-10,1292008-9,5282009-9,1992010-8,7752011-8,583Number of NICS checks per year2006-10,000,0002007-11,000,0002008-12,000,0002009-14,000,0002010-14,560,0002011-15,142,40042 votes#1.126 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:04 PM ESTVin1112DeletedMiss LydiaMore than 18 kids killed!! They are saying now that this is the WORST school shooting ever! I'm in tears right now.8 votes#1.128 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:04 PM ESTLeft Wing Nut JobNo, Duderino, I am not like those that only sit around on Web sites to complain about how they cover, or don't cover, news. That is not gathering news from various sources, that is being a jerk. But at least you are very good at pretending how broad your knowledge is while proving otherwise.Incidentally, a good news source will verify and be careful about posting "news" as opposed to placating low-information folks with supposed "facts" before they are proven.6 votes#1.129 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:05 PM ESTromilioWhere is this country headed? Why these things happen here the most? It is insane and barbaric to kill innocent people.RIP little ones.13 votes#1.130 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:06 PM ESTIRESPOND-2315268 Comment collapsed by the communityOf course, every time that we talk about GUN control, the politicians are DEAF!!!MAKE THE NRA RESPONSIBLE FOR THESE DEATHS. THEY NEED TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE!13 votes#1.131 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:07 PM ESTPJuliett Comment collapsed by the communityMy heart bleeds for the families of the dozens of people killed including 18 little children. May the Lord bless and somehow comfort them with peace.The MIC munitions manufacturers are happy they sold more bullets.Shame on NRA. May the NRA committee and their supporters remain haunted all their lives for this shameful and unthinkable tragedy.5 votes#1.132 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:09 PM ESTLeft Wing Nut JobVin1112, you obviously have a deep-seated hatred of our president - thank you for using such a sad occasion to show your small mindedness.12 votes#1.133 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:10 PM ESTKrestovIRESPOND-2315268You know what they will say now is not the time to discuss gun control.6 votes#1.134 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:10 PM ESTStMillerShould we also be allowed to own chemical weapons?  Biological weapons?  Nukes?  Those all qualify under the "guns don't kill people" argument? 16 votes#1.135 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:10 PM ESTCharlie-1915998 Comment collapsed by the communityRemember -- guns make us safe!!!  No doubt in a few days the NRA will be out there telling us the solution is to make it even easier to get a gun and allow kindergarten kids to bring guns to school so they can defend themselves.  12 votes#1.136 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:10 PM ESTJen Lance-JohnsonMy heart breaks for these families.....another CRIMINAL with gun....Illinois give me my conceal/carry so I can protect my family...law abiding citizens DO NOT need more laws lets just do automatic death penalties for these cowards...everyone hug your children & be greatful they are safe & not attacked by a sick S.O.B that is too cowardly to just take his own life & leave the innocent safe.10 votes#1.137 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:12 PM ESTredrockraven Comment collapsed by the communityWell it looks like the NRA has achieved its ultimate goal of putting guns in the hands of lots of crazy people who then act on their insanity to kill dozens of innocent adults and children at will. I hope that this horrendous tragedy will spur our govenment leaders to do something about ending this US gun insanity promulgated by the NRA.7 votes#1.138 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:12 PM ESTkaybeetoys Comment collapsed by the communityAnother senseless act of gun violence, this time involving innocent children.This is an outrage! What is it going to take before this country wakes up and does something about the gun  insanity?My condolences to the parents and families of all those kids. 6 votes#1.139 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:12 PM ESTme1234567891ME,a culture that glorifies deviance and spits in the face of spirituality,Because religious and/or spiritual people have never killed innocents?@Sarah - whats your point? Agnostics and atheists have killed innocents as well as spiritualists and devotees. That doesn't change the fact that our culture demonizes and makes fun of those that seek betterment through spiritual means. It in fact glorifies HAVING problems above WORKING TO SOLVE problems and improving oneself. Anyone who is seen as a 'goody-two-shoes' is vilified. 11 votes#1.140 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:13 PM ESTPragmatic-3918582Yet people back then were not shooting up their workplaces, schools, or shopping centersYes they were. There's been plenty of shooting rampages throughout history. Trying to punish or blame 85+ million gun owners for the acts of deranged people who murder isn't going to get anyone anywhere.With respect, whenever somebody suggests keeping guns out of the hands of deranged people, some of those 85+ million gun owners cry foul and start spouting off about freedom. An obstacle, any obstacle, that prevents anybody from owning guns is seen as a bad thing. Whether it is law abiding citizens, criminals, or the mentally unsound.5 votes#1.141 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:13 PM ESTSeven-341804I am not a gun advocate nor am I against owning guns.  I am just a concerned American Citizen.  That being said, here are some figures from the Australian Police after they banned citizens owning guns.The citizens were forced to turn the guns in so they could be destroyed. It cost the  Australian tax payers 500 million dollars.  So here are the figures since the ban took effect a little over a year ago.Homicides up 3.2 %  !!Assaults up 8.6%   !!Armed Robberies up 44% !!Homicides with Firearms up 300% !!Time to re-think the banning of firearms.  "When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns", I did not completely understand that until I read these figures.These poor children are now traumatized by this event, they are not traumatized by the guns used though. They are traumatized by the person using the guns.  My prayers to the kids and their families.19 votes#1.142 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:13 PM ESTPuck42For those arguing for more religion--America is more "Christian" than Canada or Europe but has far more violent crimes.For those arguing for the holy 2nd amendment and that the easy availability of guns have nothing to do with gun violence in America--America has far more gun violence than Canada or Europe, ever wonder why?Can someone explain with America is a far more violent society than Canada or Europe. BTW, AFAIK, Canadians play the same video games.16 votes#1.143 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:13 PM ESTCharle7834Rhetoric resolves nothing--it only increases tension. In the end, the answers are that you can't cure crazy and you can't always tell who's normal, who's crazy or who will go crazy under the right conditions. Gun control is only effective in the hands of the person holding the gun. You can't take away guns from the responsible folks and the ones who are irresponsible aren't likely to hand over their weapons without a fight. You can't ban guns because someone will find a way to get one, regardless of the law.MANY LITTLE CHILDREN DIED TODAY AT THIS SCHOOL--DON'T ANY OF YOU CARE? Show some respect, people. There are a lot of parents, a lot of families that are now mourning for their beloved children. The families of the principal and the psychologist are mourning the loss of their loved ones too.  Your inane rhetoric means nothing.Offer your condolences to the families, offer your prayers if you pray (and STFU if you don't). If you can't write something supportive or constructive about this situation, then kindly refrain from posting.18 votes#1.144 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:17 PM ESTNevadaJ-577866BenSnead:Oh good God. Please name ONE, just ONE, law Obama has signed that deals with gun control.Obama, Hillary, and Eric (with)Holder all have made it very clear they don't like the 2nd Amendment. Their words and actions speak volumns on the subject... those liberals who would deny this are deluding themselves!There is zero evidence what you say is true.Come up with one example, just one, that Obama, Hillary etc "don't like the 2nd Amendment" (whatever that even means).Incidentally, "because Rush said so" isn't evidence.16 votes#1.145 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:18 PM ESTZ-933870So this is what we've come to as a society.  Each twisted psychopath trying to out do the last. 7 votes#1.146 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:18 PM ESTGreg in New YorkMy thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims of this tragedy.Anyone claiming the purpose of guns is not to kill other humans has no understanding of history. When firearms were first invented the sole purpose was to kill other humans. The Chinese created the first firearms and the knowledge was eventually brought to Europe where it was refined. The use of guns for sport and protection occurred much later. Millions of people throughout history have been killed by guns. To deny that fact is to try to deny history.A minority of people might call for a ban on guns, another minority of people believe everyone should have a gun and a majority of people think there should be common sense gun laws.8 votes#1.147 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:19 PM ESTskip Nicholson, Oklahoma CityHere we are again.  Another day, more senseless killing of innocents.  More foolish people shouting at each other from behind their blog monikers.  The same tired arguments, the same tired excuses and perhaps as many as two dozen children killed just 11 days before Christmas.I don't know which is sadder, you people or the tragedy at that little school.You need to calm down and get a grip on reality.I heard a reporter from England talking about the election a couple of months back and she was asked what the English/Europeans thought about America.She said they all wonder what is wrong with America and our obsession with guns and religion. Here we have another gun-related tragedy with maybe as many as 20 children killed and the pro-gun and anti-gun folks are posting rants about gun control instead of concern for the surviving children and the parents of the dead children.The Europeans are right.  You are all crazy.  25 votes#1.148 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:19 PM ESTMorton McGonigalToo bad the parents of the 20 year old  shooter didn't kill their own child years ago.1 vote#1.149 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:20 PM ESTSnakeboneSarah:I noticed that nobody answered your questions.That's because their answer is too ridiculous to speak out loud.  They have to whisper it to each other in their echo chamber.  To wit: Obama sold guns to the drug cartels in Mexico, so that they would shoot people in America, giving them an excuse to ban guns.  You know, because there aren't Americans randomly shooting kids in schoolyards daily.  Also, they are banking on the UN to ban guns globally, so that they can send their non-existent army to our doors to take away our guns.  But of course, they would use Obama's private army of youth volunteers to do that.Luckily, they've banned Sharia Law, so we don't have to worry about that anymore.10 votes#1.150 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:28 PM ESTHOTTICKET-2304234Good grief, can we find out what happened first before launching the tired and utterly predictable gun debate?Well what do you know? Looky here!A sane question from a voice of reason in a sea of low-rent, low IQ and mindless anti-gun trash talking posts. Kudos to you, AG. Not that your question will cause them to stop and think and get all the FACTS before spouting their nonsensical drivel. Jeesms!5 votes#1.151 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:28 PM ESTkimH-1330542btoneI don't really care about guns.  I do laugh, though, at all the tough guys who use their guns as a replacement for a spine.Or a penis.  I really don't have a problem with folks who are genuinely hunters or who genuinely live somewhere where they feel like they need a gun for protection.  What I don't understand is the swaggering, macho gun culture.  They are fools and they are crazy and they are one bad day or unintended insult away from shooting any one of us. 15 votes#1.152 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:30 PM ESTJessica-1170252im starting to think a lot of you are the crazy people we should be reporting to the authorities to ensure another elementary school, mall, or whatever isnt shot up...clearly, this nutcase isnt the only one missing a few sandwiches in his picnic basket.good grief people...many of you should be locked up so the rest of us arent destroyed by your insanity.14 votes#1.153 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:32 PM ESTno more filbertI'm just wondering.  I've seen dozens and dozens of posts about guns being responsible, but nothing about the man who actually did this.  Is he not responsible?  I've even seen a few posts saying "it's the guns fault".  Hmmm, I do believe it takes a person to commit this act.  Imagine this, if this guy wanted to take out some kids, and guns were completely illegal here and he couldn't get access to them, maybe he would have gone Timothy McVeigh on them, taking out the entire school instead.  Why is no one blaming him?  And for those on here who say the NRA is at fault, do any of you know what the NRA proposes, or do you just repeat MSNBC talking points.  Because you may want to actually look it up.  They do not make firearms, nor require anyone to buy them.  They exist to support the 2nd amendment.  Also, they are for having training and background checks before purchasing any guns.  Do you not agree with this?  12 votes#1.154 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:36 PM ESTEric-2189088But there is nothing more violent or that glorifies the gun culture more than video games. Say what you will about free enterprise and parenting, blah, blah, blah, it damn well takes a village... or a global world... to raise today's children, and when today's global world says it's okay to flood juvenile minds with the graphic virtual reality of video games and the gaming community that is so real it can make you want to stay in that world instead of the miserable one you were born into, what the hell do you expect these kids to grow up and become?THAT is where your gun culture has come from... NOT from the NRA and citizens who are responsible gun owners. The world is not real to these people, and neither are the people they interact with. They, themselves, are not even real. They are just blips on a computer screen.Mimi, I must disagree with you on this statement. Being a part of a generation the grew up with video games, this is nothing more than an excuse to avoid parental responsibility. It is the same as blaming music and television for the Columbine shooting. Even before the days of video games, there was a gun madness in this country, however it was not quite as.... omnipresent as it is today. Someone who has difficulty distinguishing fantasy from reality is someone who is mentally ill, even without the presence of the video game culture. And given the overall saturation that video games have had, world wide, if the issue were what you had stated, then there would be far more instances of not only shootings, but hit and runs, decapitations, disembowlments, pikings, stabbings, immolations, bombings, beatings and I could go on and on about the wide variety of things one can do within the realm of video games.The fact of the matter is so long as we shift blame to things that are otherwise neutral, then there will be no rectification of the problem. This is no different than what Tipper Gore tried to do with music, or what the PTC tries to do with television.5 votes#1.155 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:40 PM ESTDreadPirateMattAs I read through these comments, I'm struck by the hate and vitriol coming from both sides of the gun control argument... I grew up in Texas and was taught by my grandfather from a very early age that guns are not toys and that they are to be respected at all times. He taught me the proper way to handle and shoot a gun, and that a gun is only ever to be used for hunting and self defense. I shot my first gun at 9 years old and have continued to shoot to this very day.I voted for Obama, I believe in social issues and justice, and I own guns. But I don't wake up in the morning and go "I think I'm going to go and shoot up a mall/school/movie theater because I have a gun and guns are supposed to kill people". I was taught better.These days, I live in California. A state with the most restrictive gun laws in the country. We have a 10 day waiting period, limits on the magazine capacity of all guns, and they're damned expensive. Yes, it's difficult for me to purchase a gun but it's something I'm willing to put up with as part of being a responsible, law-abiding gun owner. But there's a catch... I hear a lot of drum beating about banning guns but guess what? Automatic weapons are completely illegal in California along with extended capacity magazines. Yet if i was so inclined, I could drive across the bay bridge to a myriad number of neighborhoods in Oakland, ask a couple questions and pick up a fully automatic AK-47, Uzi, MP5 or any number of fully automatic weapons and the extended capacity (50 - 100 round) magazines to accompany said weapon for a couple hundred dollars and no background check... I don't believe that banning guns is the answer (and realistically, it's not going to happen thanks to the Constitution) but I am in favor of the checks and restrictions I have to go through here in California to purchase a gun. But it's not going to stop someone who wants to purchase a gun from getting one on the black market and unfortunately that's just the reality of the situation. I'm sure I'm going to get flamed from one side or another, or both, but I figured I'd attempt to bring a little rationality to a heated and emotional discussion.-DPM37 votes#1.156 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:44 PM ESTSteamie2010Put down the gun. Pass the doobie. America needs to chill out!19 votes#1.157 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:45 PM ESTazdrl66The guns...the guns...the guns. Every time...the guns. Never mind the people behind the trigger. Ban them? Hmmm...okay, then the cartels will just turn to gun-running instead of drug-smuggling, and we will have a whole new set of problems on our hands. Probably more money in guns, anyway. Border wars? Indeed. Complete with all the firepower that entails the meaning of the word "war". It is the law of supply and demand.5 votes#1.158 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:51 PM ESTRonB from PittsburghMark from BridgeportRonB from Pittsburgh1.  No new guns in this country for civilian use for a generation.  You can buy and sell existing guns.  Law-abiding gun owners will take care of theirs.  Criminals will tend not to, and will tend to have theirs confiscated when they are arrested.  At the end of a generation, very few criminals will have or be able to get guns.2.  To drive a car, you have to take a test.  To buy a gun, you have to take two.  One is psychological.3.  If your gun is stolen or lost, and you don't report it, and it ends up being used in a crime, you get the same sentence as the criminal.Problem not solved, but significantly reduced.#1: Yeah, great idea. It's not like you can't bring in guns from outside the country with our big, wonderful, open borders. No one ever smuggled booze in from Canada back in the day. No one brings drugs over the borders now, either.So you would rather do nothing because perfection can't be achieved?  Great plan.#2: This already exists in Connecticut, New York, and lots of other states. You cannot get a gun legally w/o a license, and you cannot get a license with any record of mental illness.#3: So this will extend to stolen cars too, right?Oh, please, not with the car argument again.  In addition to everyone else who has thoroughly debunked it already in this thread, let me add this:  on a per-use basis, which is more effective at killing or maiming?  And on a per-theft basis?I have to agree with the commenter above who likened gun fetishes to addiction.  The depth of denial is just jaw-dropping.5 votes#1.159 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:52 PM ESTAndy-4176161Back when the West was really wild, everyone carried a gun or had a gun with them at all times.  There were NEVER any mass murders at schools or churches or in town on Saturday when everyone was there doing their weekly shopping.  This isn't about guns or gun control.  Stop making this a political stage.  These families are devastated.If we really want to blame something blame it on two things.  HATE and Drugs.  Hate is everywhere.  You don't have to look any further than this comment page to see vicious hate.  Illegal and legal drug use is altering people's perceptions of right and wrong.  Illegal drugs are everywhere.  Absolutely everywhere.  Legal drugs flushed down the toilet are in our drinking water.Drugs and hate -- Each person needs to get their hate under control.  You don't have to be religious to know that revenge is deadly.  You don't have to be saintly to know that illegal drugs destroy everyone and everything they touch . . . look at the condition Mexico has got itself into . . . that's coming to the US before Islam can take us overWake up.  Stop clinging to the easy gun control issue to express your hate.  NRA, gets your damn politics off of this grief stricken event.  Go after the drug dealers . . . God after the child abusers in the home . . . Go after the bullies . . . before its too late and America turns to Islam as the answer . . . just like the men in prison are turning to Islam because the system has failed them.Wake up while there is still time for us to actually fix our problems. Stop the hate and the revenge will end with it.12 votes#1.160 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:54 PM ESTDrowningGroverSomeday, hopefully soon, our society and culture will grow up and do something about this destructive "gun culture" we live in.  But probably not, as we won't be allowed to talk about it because it's "too soon", and by the time we CAN talk about it, the next mass shooting will have occurred. What a sad and tragic day this is...11 votes#1.161 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:56 PM ESTmuddlerflynow our president will come on and say "OUR THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS ARE WITH THESE FAMILYS" (thank you M.M.Ohair for taking prayer out of our schools!!!) When as a nation we  who find a manger scene and the 10 comandments offend and have gone away from the foundation this nation was built upon!!!!!! (i think it was the almighty can`t tell anymore)BUT NOW WE CAN PRAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! AS WE SHOULD HAVE BEEN DOING ALL ALONG!!! AS OUR VETS COME HOME IN CASKETS.... ON 9-11. HOW MANY MORE SCHOOL SHOOTINGS? PRAY???? IF YOU DON`T THINK THIS WILL HAPPEN AGAIN  WITH MORE DEAD YOUR A BUNCH OF FOOLS!! IT WILL THAN WE CAN PRAY......AS WE MOVE FURTHER AWAY THE ENEMY TAKES HOLD....8 votes#1.162 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:57 PM ESTGetReal-3945171 #1.163 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:57 PM ESTgary-309869I grew up long ago listening to the radio and watching in amazement as the TV developed. Everyone had guns them, my father , his father , my friends fathers. We played cowboys and indians pretending to shoot each other. We watched Roy Rogers and Wanted Dead or Alive and Gunsmoke where guns were used. But things like this did not happen.The society has changed. That's what's causing this behavior today.18 votes#1.164 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:02 PM ESTAntistupidityThis is a mental health issue, if memory serves me correctly all these recent mass shootings have been perpetrated by people in their late teens to mid twenties. Having spoken to my brother, a physician he told me this is the age group where almost all psychotic breaks occur. We need to re-open the mental health facilities that have been closed over the past 2-3 decades, profitability should not be an issue here.I grew up watching war, western, police, thriller, and horror movies, around guns, shot my first real gun at 8 years old, had a friend that lived on a farm and had a .22 rifle at 12 years old, I got my first pellet gun at 7 years old, we never had things like this happen, we never thought about doing things like this. Most gun owners are responsible, all gun owners I know are responsible and follow all the rules. Most people with a cwp are the first to step down and walk away, pulling the weapon is a lot of trouble and you better have good reason or you will pay a steep price. I know two people who have used a gun in self defense and neither would be here had they not, 1 lost his girlfriend to a nut with a gun and he shot and killed the gunman in self defense. I myself had a situation when I used to manage my building and told a "family" that was vandalizing the property to leave. The eldest "child" late teens to early twenties charged me with a machete, I was back peddling to make space and was drawing my weapon at the same time, the mother saw and recognized my motions and stepped in front of the son and steered him to the side, she showed no inclination to stop him until she saw my motion, I hate to think how this would have ended had I not been armed and have my cwp.There are two sides to this coin, mental health care needs to be brought back, the price of not having it is way to high.21 votes#1.165 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:03 PM EST2q3RtzL0wBlaming guns for this crime is a very basic straw man argument of the liberal mind.It isn't the implement of crime that is at fault, it is the person.My 'oh so scary' Colt M4 has yet to spontaneously go on a shooting spree and kill people, funny it hasn't made me want to be a criminal either.Same with my dozens of straight razors and handguns.  None have made me want to be a criminal, contrary to liberal minds who blame crime on the implements.8 votes#1.166 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:07 PM ESTAntistupidityWhat is with all these posts being collapsed, this censorship by NBC/Newsvine needs to stop, people have a right to post and have their posts read, we also should not have to uncollapse these posts in order to read them.13 votes#1.167 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:09 PM ESTLadyAggie22What a horrible, senseless tragedy.  My thoughts and prayers are with all the vicitims and their families during this time. 11 votes#1.168 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:12 PM ESTsaxonlet us stop collapsing comments , just because they have a different opinion;In almost every state a person under 21 , can not purchase a handgun.two; this is like acting out a video game, killing for the sake of killing.three; when the background on this POS, ( who now reside for all eternity in Hell; is known there will be signs of a building mental derangement. How can a 20 year old have so much hate and rage is beyond belief, some one somewhere must have had a suspicion, but did not want to get involved.if the other person is taken alieve, it will help put the pieces together;7 votes#1.169 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:15 PM ESTWinker-2891142I can't believe those who stand their ground on no gun controls. We as a country all know about our 2nd amendment but we all seem to forget that when it was written they had muzzle loaders. I also hate it when those from the NRA state, guns don't kill people, people kill people. If you think about it, a gun can't kill unless someone pulls the trigger so to me people kill people. For those who think we should all be carrying a weapon are also crazy because in reality when shooting starts everyone will be shooting at each other. We will never be able to completely stop the crazies because none of us really knows what will push us over the edge but we can make it harder to access weapons. The NRA are not concerned about the safety of our children because they are more interested in how much money the can get from you. Get real America and realize that those in the NRA are for the money and all those who are members are assisting their greed and allowing them to make their money through fear. I know there are those who are die hard gun owners but no one is saying we should take that right away but you must admit that if you have stricter gun controls need to be implemented. Our kids are being killed and if you think doing nothing about guns is acceptable then you are as crazy as those killers and shouldn't be allowed to have guns.      11 votes#1.170 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:20 PM ESTGetmadstaymadAnd you still cant figure out why these people are attacking kids? Who does it benefit? If your upset with the country or its direction why wouldn't you attack the law makers or the agencies of govt.? The real purpose of these attacks is to move the country to gun confiscation. If you took a car and rammed through a fence during recess you'd end up killing more children than with a gun. Yes cars are not made for killing people but they do kill over 30,000 every year. Dont give in. Demand that the government hold hearings on the CIA's manchurian candidate programs that have been in existence since the 50s. Sirhan Sirhan was one of these CIA brain washed people. Ive seen a video of the CIA psychiatrist that did Sirhan's brainwashing. He admitted to everything. Within a couple of weeks of making this video he was killed. Tell the gov. that you want them to account for every single CIA agent, handler, psychiatrist, and contracted individual. IF you do that you will find the people that are behind this. 4 votes#1.171 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:21 PM ESTAntistupidity@2q3RtzL0wThis has nothing to do with liberals, you need to educate yourself, I consider myself to be centrist, but some of my conservative friends consider me a liberal, and some of my liberal friends consider me to be conservative, but we can discuss our differences and sometimes we agree to disagree, but we are still friends. We need to stop dividing ourselves with labels, we are Americans and we have different views on certain issues, but we also have common ground, we need to be able to come together on our common ground and discuss our differences and compromise or just agree that we disagree civilly.10 votes#1.172 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:22 PM ESTTom - Plymouth-3672298Sarah and others."slightly increased gun control as a possible solution."Please explain how that is working out for those in and around Chicago? How about New YorK.Both places with extreme gun control.Only a liberal can see a problem and decide more of something will solve a problem.Problem with Murder, it must be guns, we need more gun control, never mind that guns only account for 2/3 murders. On top of places with less gun control laws have less problems.Problem with Poverty, tax more, even though in the last 60 years of taxing to help the poor, we have spent trillions and we have the same amount of poor.Problem with Education, spend more, but as Chicago and DC show that spending more doesn't actually improve anything, and right now we have more teachers per pupil than any time and history.Next, they will try to tell you if you are fat, you just need to eat more.Then say if you are in debt you just need to spend more, oh wait they already say that.4 votes#1.173 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:23 PM ESTIrish 21Holy Sh*t......I knew there would be some comments about gun control and banning them but this is insane. 18 children killed, young children and all you morons can do is argue stupid as* politics? You want to know what is wrong with society and people today? Then look no further than this board right here. Everyone wants to argue about who is right and wrong and non of you idiots are talking about the kids or the fact that there are a bunch of parents in CT that just lost kids that are about 4 or 5 years old. Grow the f*ck up and have some damn morales for a change.19 votes#1.174 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:24 PM ESTCrazy Steve-1996926Yet another senseless shooting, when is America going to address this with some intelligence?Now, before I start in, I am a multi-gun owner but this stuff sickens me. I'm not a NRA member as I have violent disagreement with too much of their philosophy; some of the things they say make sense, but one place I part ways with them is their insistance on 'rights' and particularly their efforts to portray guns as 'commonplace' and a part of everyday life. Yes, they insist that education should be done but then turn around and again insist that this should be 'voluntary' as people need to take 'personal responsibility'. A nice ringing 'all-american' slogan, but it's just not working out.All gun owners should be licensed; we do this for plenty of other things and there's little or no objection to that. You need a license to operate a vehicle, practice medicine or dentistry, perform electrical or plumbing work (in most states), even hairdressers need licenses most places. All these things are regulated to protect public safety and prevent unqualified persons from harming others. I fail to see the difference with guns; this should be a no-brainer.Right here is where the hard-core gun nuts and the NRA start squealing that this will 'infringe' on their rights. But following their logic, this doesn't allow for any regulation on guns (as the NRA has demonstrated many times by their opposition to nearly every gun law) so guns should be available to anyone with the money to purchase one; children, convicted felons, certified crazies, anyone. If that's what they're really advocating (and many of the more extreme gun nuts do), then expect more incidents like this one or the mall shooting in Oregon, Columbine, Martin/Zimmerman, etc. You won't be safe anywhere, armed or not. And before someone brings up some antedotal story about how somebody defended themselves because they were armed, how many are dead from their own weapons? I personally know of at least two that were killed with their own guns and their attackers were unarmed.One thing seldom mentioned is that this is the only place in the constitution where the founders attempted to regulate a technology. This is a 18th century document, and I doubt they forsaw the coming of weapons that could fire shots at the rate of one per second with large-capacity magazines. A random shooter can't get off too many shots if using a muzzle-load flintlock before being overpowered by survivors.Are there other factors at work? Of course; violence in the media doesn't help, but realistically that only affects a small percentage of people who would likely find another weapon if not a gun. Watching video games won't turn you into a killer unless you run that way to start with.This shooting is at an elementary school, so the shooter can't be older than 12; where did he get the gun? You can almost bet that it belongs to his parent or a friends parent. Maybe the answer is trying the owner as accessory to murder; if some of these owners get long prison terms, that may help keep this out of our public schools. And I don't want to hear any bleeding-heart nonsense about how they lost their child; other parents lost theirs but their kids weren't armed. As parents, you are legally responsible for your child's actions.OK, edit. The update says this was an adult, but all the reasons stay the same. Either some sanitity needs to prevail, or our country is going to become an armed camp.7 votes#1.175 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:24 PM ESTGetmadstaymad Comment collapsed by the communityNearly all of these shooters whether its Columbine, Aurora, are ALL LIBERALS!!!!!!!2 votes#1.176 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:27 PM ESTTom - Plymouth-3672298anti - It is the left that is do the dividing .They are the ones that want different rules for every little group. They are the ones telling us there is a war on women, there is a war on immigrants, that people are racist, that the rich are the problem, that men that like other men need to have different rights, and on and on and on.4 votes#1.177 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:27 PM ESTJimSpenceCondolences to the family and friends of those lost in this horrible tragedy. Senseless acts like this will never be explained.Our thoughts and prayers are with you all.12 votes#1.178 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:27 PM ESTToasty McGrathGee, yet another one-man well-regulated militia ensuring the security of a free state...9 votes#1.179 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:27 PM ESTStoneCold-363654"Please, can someone name any other inanimate object that we would take pictures with and mail in Christmas cards???"Uhhh - my ex-wife?3 votes#1.180 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:35 PM ESTSarah-3043284ME,People have a right to make fun of spirituality if they want. That has nothing to do with this. Show me some empirical evidence that the decline of religion/spirituality even exists and that it is linked (I'm talking causality) to an increase in mass shootings.Sally,Just pointing out Eva's hypocrisy. But do you want to know what taxes and the government DO have to do with this topic...They PAID for the "intrusive state actors" (i.e. the police) who risked their lives by running into that building today.For everyone else,I keep hearing gun control is a band-aid. Well, when the paramedics come, to they leave your wounds gaping open and bloody until they can get you to the hospital and fix the "long term" problem? Or do they bandage you up, first???5 votes#1.181 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:41 PM ESTSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityME,People have a right to make fun of spirituality if they want. That has nothing to do with this. Show me some empirical evidence that the decline of religion/spirituality even exists and that it is linked (I'm talking causality) to an increase in mass shootings.Sally,Just pointing out Eva's hypocrisy. But do you want to know what taxes and the government DO have to do with this topic...They PAID for the "intrusive state actors" (i.e. the police) who risked their lives by running into that building today.For everyone else,I keep hearing gun control is a band-aid. Well, when the paramedics come, to they leave your wounds gaping open and bloody until they can get you to the hospital and fix the "long term" problem? Or do they bandage you up, first???3 votes#1.182 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:41 PM ESTNC-492358Military guns are designed to kill people, yes. Most civilian guns are either for self defense, sport shooting and/or competition.  Regardless, they are still only tools that can be abused.Anything can be abused/misused.Not having weapons if we ever need them for whatever reason is too late to get them.Why do lefties hate Americans exercising their constitutional rights?7 votes#1.183 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:48 PM ESTAntistupidityTom - Plymouth-3672298No it is not the left, it is both sides turned against themselves, we are one nation of many people with many different views, I voted for Obama, I am not a member of the NRA and know many members who I consider to be nuts, yet I have multiple handguns and rifles, including what would be considered an assault weapon, but in reality is just a semiautomatic rifle. We are dividing and conquering ourselves, I believe in the second amendment but there are people who should just not have guns, case and point today. In my opinion the right is more divisive, but you know what they say about opinions, both yours and mine8 votes#1.184 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:53 PM ESTTom - Plymouth-3672298Sarah -"People have a right to make fun of spirituality if they want."Do people have the same right to make fun of ones sexuality? Race? Body size?Or is this just another one of lefts hypercritical stances?12 votes#1.185 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:55 PM ESTAG99"What is with all these posts being collapsed, this censorship by  NBC/Newsvine needs to stop, people have a right to post and have their  posts read, we also should not have to uncollapse these posts in order  to read them."It's not Newsvine per se, but when a comment gets reported a certain number of times, it's automatically collapsed.  Sometimes a moderator will come through and restore it, but the original collapsing was by the readers themselves.I just got back from downtown and I'm sure not plowing through 185 posts to catch up so I'm done with this thread.5 votes#1.186 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:05 PM ESTDerek-381097General statement:  People should reel it back and consider this isn't a great time for pushing our personal agendas.If you read into this, and you take it in, you'll realize that this is the time to think about the people who have been hurt and affected.  That isn't preaching, okay?  That's just an idea based on knowing there will be plenty of time to bicker later.7 votes#1.187 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:05 PM ESTJeff-1541632Sam-1938777i don't believe having a gun is necessary but i know how to shoot and made sure my son knew how to handle a gun.its like the president said during the campaign,guns are not the problem its keeping then out of the hands of sick people.the goof in Portland this week the only killed 3 people because his gun jammed.  guns are not the problem its keeping them out of the wrong hands.5 votes#1.188 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:07 PM ESTSarah-3043284Do people have the same right to make fun of ones sexuality? Race? Body size?Yup, they sure do.guns are not the problem its keeping them out of the wrong hands.Exactly. And how do we go about doing that, if not through gun control? Yes, we have a right to bear arms and own guns, if we want to keep that right we need to make sure gun control is in place and effective.Gun enthusiasts should be the first in line advocating for better gun policies. After all, if all you want is to legally own your gun, for WHATEVER reason, gun control DOESN'T stop THAT.7 votes#1.189 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:07 PM ESTplain bobwell i am totally at a lost for words...sadden by this act of terror...our country has become too much about a dollar...and not enough bout family and true goodness...to many acts of violence...for any morally responsible nation ...this goes beyond gun control ideas...let greed and headlines control your every move...oh great politicians of our time...now if that there ain't deep...i bet the shooter was deranged or disgruntled...they're seldom ranged and gruntled...what's up with that....4 votes#1.190 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:12 PM ESTBrad Watson, Miami Comment collapsed by the community---Headlines---EVIL GUN-LOVER GOES ON SHOOTING RAMPAGE!NRA & OTHER EVIL GUN-LOVERS' RESPONSE, "ANSWER: BUY MORE GUNS!"(This headlines stored for the next evil gun-lover's rampage. At the current rate, predicted within two weeks of 12/14/12.)3 votes#1.191 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:15 PM ESTdavefromdanapointcaToo bad the state laws prevented school officials from having concealed weapons on school property. That alone could have caused the shooter to think twice and none of this would have happened in the first place.What do you want to bet this guy stayed in his room all day playing violent video games on his spare time for several years?4 votes#1.192 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:20 PM ESTazdrl66Sarah -"Yup, they sure do". Notice you did not expand on that, just a short answer. Hmm...Anyway, I believe in the concept of personal responsibility. Now, unless a gun is an animate object with a mind and will of it's own...4 votes#1.193 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:23 PM ESTSarah-3043284Dave,That's exactly what we need, citizens in a shoot out, inside an elementary school. Because handling a situation like this is THAT easy. There's no tunnel vision, indecision, panic, stress, confusion, piss poor aim...It doesn't take extensive training, or anything, to be able to neutralize such a situation, any body can do it!I've got news for you, if someone is crazy enough to shoot up an elementary school, they're too crazy to care if you're packing heat. They already realize their life is as good as over when they start.10 votes#1.194 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:25 PM ESTbenotdeceivedAt the time I'm replying to this post, there are approximately 200 comments in the thread. I've read or perused all of them. I think that I counted 7 that spoke directly of the tragedy those children, teachers and parents are now dealing with. Of those 7, perhaps 4 actually expressed condolences in some form. The rest were political and religious bickering; often not-so-nicely-stated expressions of why one or the other side could only be idiotic for believing as they do. The answer to 'what is wrong with us these days' can be found no further than the mirror. For proof one need look no further than Any comment section dealing with Any news story about how humans have demonstrated that their interest in the well-being of others is far into the (-)minus range. The proof found here, in this one page, is in how many of the comments have been collapsed. We are unable to even Talk to one another, leave alone the idea of Listening to one another, because no one is interested in anything except being 'Right', and anyone who does not agree with our version of 'right' is automatically an idiot, traitor, non-patriot, usurper, or a direct insult to our sensibilities. It's not videos. Its not firearms(per se), its not television or movies or immigrants or god or the devil. It. Is. Us.The animal rights advocates want those who harm animals by any means strung up and acid thrown on them. The anti-abortionists want to slice open and gut those who are pro-choice. Those who appear in the news for having been charged (not convicted) of committing certain crimes have wishes for the most heinous and painful inflictions of torture heaped upon them before the entire story is even known. And I won't even start on the politics and those who choose one side of the coin over the other. Even the children are not immune from those who desire to have them beaten and beheaded in the town square when they commit crimes of any level. Anyone who has any kind of differing opinion, to judge by some of the comments on the Vine and other news sources, takes their very life in their hands by expressing it. And I am unable to believe that such 'comments' are restricted to a web-page...and not expressed at the television during the news-cast, or at the neighbor committing some perceived offense outside the window at home.Do you Seriously believe that Your Children do not Hear how You talk?These families will never be the same again, and whatever mad motive this young man had for committing this atrocity will never truly be known. Let's be respectful and at least considerate of one other as we send our condolences and hopes for a rapid return of peace of mind for those affected.20 votes#1.195 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:30 PM ESTplain bobsahra's cool...ever now and then she's...even right...lol...3 votes#1.196 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:30 PM ESTTony Bell-355131For  some reason we can't seem to have an adult discussion about guns in  America without people screaming about their rights.....I'm not for  taking away the right to bear arms, I know no one who is....people are  always saying "Freedom isn't free" and proudly point at the military and  bravo for their sacrifices but freedom also comes with other costs,  like the ability to sit down and determine what can be done to protect  those most at risk in out society, our young people, the poor and the  elderly.....if something can be done to stop or at least decrease these  horrible events then we owe it to our children to do so.9 votes#1.197 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:34 PM ESTSarah-3043284AZ,How many home runs would Babe Ruth have hit without the bat? Of course they're are underlying issues that need to promptly be addressed, but they're societal and systemic, those issues will never be fully solved. They're will always be crazy, sick @!$%#s, who slip through the system. So, if we want to maintain our 2nd Amendment rights, we need to understand that.Yes, let's look at why we're such a violent culture, and why we have mental illness, and how to treat said illness, but let's also understand there will always BE mental illness, and the only responsible thing to do, is make sure our 2nd Amendment rights, not only protect the right of responsible people to own guns, but allow for us to KEEP that right, by cracking down on loop holes and unnecessary arms, ammo, and the like.Gun control, does NOT equal gun banning. Anyone who wants to own one legally, and SHOULD be able to, will not be effected, they will STILL be able to.Plain,What can I say??? Even a blind squirrel finds a nut every now and then.6 votes#1.198 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:34 PM ESTazdrl66benotdeceived -Welcome to (by your own words)..."takes their very life in their hands by expressing it."1 vote#1.199 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:36 PM ESTEd OrrMy thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those killed, first of all. I don't remember now who it was that mentioned Timothy McVeigh and his bomb laden truck, it is for that specific reason if someone wants to purchase an out of ordinary amount of fertilizer, or fuel like he and Nichols used to manufacture their bomb that those attempted sales are reported to law enforcement. As for the man in China that stabbed those kids, for all we know Chinese authitories have already executed him.  Yes, there are other countries that execute their convicts and also they're not being allowed to file one appeal after another like our criminal defense lawyers in this country do.  Unless the 2d person perhaps involved in the latest shooting is adequately questioned and found to be part of plan, we'll never know the young man's motive just like the Ore. mall shooter that took his own life rather than be taken alive.  I've received multiple invitations from NRA to join, and each time shredded that invitation because I don't agree with their lenient idea of gun ownership.  I was in Air Force Air Police tech school at Lackland AFB, TX when the AR-15 was in development.  The main/only purpose it was stated was for killing your enemy, not wild game hunting or target practice (except by military marksmen/women) but for some odd reason the NRA had come up with idea that every tom, dick and harry should be allowed to possess one of them.  I don't own any firearms but am considering purchasing either a 9 mm or 40 cal and would have no problem at all with registering it.  It was stated the gunman in Ore. stole the AR-15 he used, people secure your guns so that that can't happen, and this applies to gun stores as well.  One last thing, I can remember as about a 10-yr-old my bro and I had a bb gun until he shot me in the hip.  That bb gun was HISTORY, we never saw it again.3 votes#1.200 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:37 PM ESTMike BrutusOneslackr,If you're going to use statistics, please learn to use statistics. The # of gun murders has been dropping, but the ONLY reason is because all murders have been dropping. Divide your figures to discover the truth: 67% of murders are carried out by a gun owner and this is constant throughout your data.4 votes#1.201 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:40 PM ESTfred-2553568first comment jwill - says it all - jesus protect these children - what !!!!! - a little late there genius - and show me a jesus freak evangelical and i will show you a card carrying member of the NRA - ignorant and hypocritical - that covers it -2 votes#1.202 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:40 PM ESTlovetherainI have posted here many times in complete defense to own a firearm, as I do. No matter discussion, I have never insulted anyone, called names, blamed anyone; except those who are solely responsible. I actually detest anyone who spews their hate towards others that use this forum for conversation, gain some knowledge, and opening their eyes from another point of view, intelligently. But NO!!!!! You sit there, arguing about cars vs. gun vs. knives vs. bats vs. hands vs. whatever you feel appropriate to make your point. I get it. I really do. The only thing to BLAME here is the 20 year old guy who opened fire killing 18 children, seven adults, along with this psycho's parent. Not the guns, not the NRA, not Obama (now I am even more pissed because I am coming to Obama's defense).So, here I go with my first official insult and spewing my hate towards YOU. GROW THE FU** UP, you heartless, soulless, excuse of a human. 18 CHILDREN ARE DEAD. Do you understand that? I am so FU**ING angry and my heart physically hurts about this entire situation and you sit here and argue over stupid sh**, that is not going to change.This is NOT A TIME to defend your constitutional right. This is NOT A TIME to call right-wings or left-wings a gun nut. This is NOT A TIME to talk about Bush (WTF does this have to do with this tragedy?). This is NOT A TIME to point out your stance on guns (pro or anti). I know what it is. I have read it many times. I DO NOT GIVE A SH**. This IS THE TIME to have compassion for the parents, teachers, the detectives, THAT COMMUNITY who are right NOW looking at their dead child, parent, mom, dad. Never seeing their child grow up, get married, becoming a grandparent. A child NEVER seeing their mom or dad AGAIN.Their lives will NEVER be the same. But go ahead and argue and fight if that makes you feel better. I support ALL of you and what you believe is right for YOU. But EVERYONE here should be ashamed for being such jacka$$es arguing about guns.Tell ya what, I am going to close in prayer, because THIS makes me feel better. This will help me understand. This will allow me to move on with my day, while my heart breaks and my tears continue to fall and I cannot stop. And I really do not want to hear about "where was God" because guess what? The thief (satan) does not come except to steal, and to kill, and to destroy. John 10:10.I pray for God's hands on the hearts of everyone who is grieving and angry. My deepest heartfelt sympathy goes to the families.God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in times of trouble. Psalm 46:1.16 votes#1.203 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:43 PM ESTJoeybagofdonutsI am a gun owner, and hate to hear talk of messing with the rights of law biding gun owners. I would lay down all the guns I own, and would insist others to the same, if it would stop the violence that occurs daily. The sad truth, is that it would not stop any of the people who would do evil in this world, as they are hell bent to hurt and kill. It starts with the irresponsible culture that has permeated from Hollywood, through the music industry, and the way events like this get washed all over every form of media. Not that we shouldn't inform people, but with every outlet there is these day, it is a 24/7 barrage of people doing bad things to each other.Truly, guns didn't do this. It was a product of his surroundings.6 votes#1.204 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:44 PM ESTLG-1820657I don't know how such a tragedy became a debate between pro gun ownership and against gun ownership.  But since you are at it,  the whole purpose of guns is to kill.  Either humans, animals, self defense, protection.  It all has the purpose of being prepared to kill.  There's no other use for it.And maybe our Leaders should revise that 2nd. Ammendment?4 votes#1.205 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:45 PM ESTazdrl66Sarah -Fair enough. What are some of the loopholes, etc., that you are referring to? I know of a few. Especially when it deals with gun shows as compared to gun shops, etc. When you talk about "unnecessary arms, ammo, and the like", I am presuming you are referring to semi-automatic assault rifles, hollow point rounds, etc. To be honest with you, and this is coming from someone who not only served our country in the military but now works law enforcement, I agree with you to a certain extent. Now, I just ask you to convince me, or at least to give me some thought-provoking arguments to mull over and consider. Also, I am being completely honest in my request of you. I am not trying to antagonize or start a war of words. Let's just say I am on the fence, and a lot of people I have talked to about this subject just repeats what they have heard from someone else, and haven't really given me an original, researched perspective. You seem like a person who genuinely knows what they are talking about, and speaks from rational thought, not just on emotions. 1 vote#1.206 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:49 PM ESTbryan-2744138Total Murders by year;2006-15,0872007-14,9162008-14,2242009-13,7522010-12,9962011-12,664Total Murders by firearms2006-10,2252007-10,1292008-9,5282009-9,1992010-8,7752011-8,583Number of NICS checks per year2006-10,000,0002007-11,000,0002008-12,000,0002009-14,000,0002010-14,560,0002011-15,142,400   TAKEN FROM 1.26 ABOVEYou know what this tells me, along with what I was originally gonna say, notice the numbers of background checks with murders, how many of those where first time background checks along with first time murders???  My guess would be a lot.  Background checks are in place to make sure ppl who haven't previously committed acts of violence cannot get their hands on guns LEGALLY.I do think mental evals should be required, just like they should be for our president, CEO's, any politician.  They do it for cops and psychologists.  How many guns do you think per capita where around in the early 1900's, I wish we had the numbers, the death rates back then wheren't the same, not because of the guns, but because of the MIND SET of the people.  Throwing more money at the mental health won't help either, because those problems are coming from failed parenting and the decline of the family unit and discipline, morals (not religious crap either)  there are basics to morality that aren't religion based to me like do not kill or steal @!$%# that isn't yours.  Until the mindset of america and it's lazy parenting ways, undisciplined kids who can't take care of themselves, whiney little @!$%#s who think they rule the world, this stuff is gonna happen more and more, notice how fast these are coming now, buckle up america here it comes, reap what ya sow.Banning guns and throwing more money at mental health will not change any of this stuff5 votes#1.207 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:50 PM ESTSarah-3043284What's worse, discussing and debating possible solutions in a rational manner, or it taking something like this to instigate that conversation?It isn't callous to take this opportunity to discuss how and why @!$%# like this happens, or how and why we could/should fix it. It doesn't mean that we don't care. If we DON'T discuss it, we're doing a disservice. Obviously, OBVIOUSLY, something is broken here. We can continue to let it be broken, or we can start a conversation in order to fix it. That includes discussing both the rights issues, the cultural issues, and everything else involved.If you want to go pray instead, or grieve instead, that's fine. That's your choice.But, if I ever have children, I'd like to know we're better equipped as a society, than to allow this @!$%# to happen on a regular basis.6 votes#1.208 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:53 PM ESTTXHorsemanSarah,Anyone who's truly, only considering gun ownership as a rational self defense mechanism, they will have NO problem, instituting better control over gun sales.I'm with you kid!! I have guns. I do not have any assault type weapons. I would have no problem being checked further and sales taking longer. However, I just do not believe it will stop anyone willing to die to do harm to others. It is my understanding that you can look up how to make a bomb on the internet and that it takes some very basic items such as fertilizer and gasoline.8 votes#1.209 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:54 PM ESTgregorio057May the Lord comfort the family of each and everyone involve in this tragedy. May the wings of the almighty God cover the soul of those little innocent children.The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.2 He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters.3 He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.4 Yea,  though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no  evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.5 Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.6 Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever. These children have met the Lord and they are in the house of the Lord for ever.GOD BLESS THEIR SOUL.THE SCHOOL should reserve a permanent monument on its property. 8 votes#1.210 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:54 PM ESTrocky-2318920Just a thought here but when the wackos of this world see this kind of reporting on the internet, reaching thousands of people. Who is to say they might react like this, WOW I can do better then that, Watch this.In their minds it is glorifying some weird ideology, or just a screwed up . What do you suppose would happen if this in a warped since of thinking was not glorified like it is???#1.211 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:54 PM ESTSarah-3043284AZ,Thank you. I'd start with yearly registration of all personally owned guns. We have to register our vehicles each year, right? The government has a vested interest in keeping tabs on where those guns go, it would be minimally intrusive, and could stop a lot of thefts and illegal sales.I don't agree with hiking the price of bullets, but limiting those available, as you said, hollow points, kevlar piercing, extended clips, are all unnecessary for hunting, target shooting or self defense.Before purchasing a gun, you need to take a class, both on use and technical issues, but in basic criminology, self defense law and psychology. As I said, way more issues go into using a weapon, even justifiably, against another human, than mere "self defense". A couple Saturdays a month isn't too much to ask, to have a more educated population. If we're going to allow arms, education that accompanies those arms, makes sense to me.Like you said, gun shows are out of hand. It should not be easier to obtain a deadly weapon, than it is to obtain an original copy of your birth certificate.2 votes#1.212 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:01 PM ESTrocky-2318920some thing else to think aboutfor those who think semi auto should be bannedread the whole description and see how much the crime rate is. and the number of gun related deaths. and then tell me we have a problem#1.213 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:01 PM ESTLG-1820657I've been in that town, Newtown.  It is an all american, sleepy, invisible town where nothing ever happens.  Maybe that's why this guy was able to get into the school and get to the classrooms.  Most of the schools have an unbreakable glass door with a buzzer and intercome.  You buzz, and someone at the office answers, and you have to say the name of the child and the purpose of your visit.  Someone comes to the door and you have to show an ID before they open the door.  Then they escort you to the office, when your business is done, they escort you back to the door.  If someone has a gun they have to shoot through the unbreakable glass door.I don't know if this school had this kind of security system, or maybe the criminal got in while the doors were still open to the students.  And this guy was 20 years old, I would say that if there was someone watching the doors while the students were getting in, they would have noticed, since this was an elementary school.I can only imagine the terror these kids lived while this sick was shooting everyone, they probably saw their teacher being killed first.  And I can only imagine what a tragedy for the parents of those kids, two weeks before Christmas, probably with their presents already bought.   May these kids and all the victims rest in peace.I don't know how some people in here can take this forum to argue about 2nd ammendments and their right to have guns.  If you feel so strongly about it, collect signatures, make a forum and take it to your congressman and the White House.  Just saying, I just had to take it out of my system.  I am sad as hell today. 5 votes#1.214 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:07 PM ESTMarie HaugheyThis has very little to do with guns: look at the attack in China using knives. I'm all in favor of stricter laws regarding guns - every attempt should be made to keep them out of the wrong hands, but not all hands. I for one feel safer knowing there is one in my home, especially during the weeks when the incidence of break-ins in the neighborhood (and I live in a good neighborhood!) rises, with family members tied up and the women raped. I do not want to kill, I shudder to think what taking a life would do to me mentally, but if it comes down to my innocent family or some rapist or murderer, I'm going to do my best to make sure it's him. We need to look past the issue of gun misuse, the symptom, and look for the cause. What is causing so many people to snap, to not only take their own lives but the lives of innocents? Why do people not value life anymore, and think they have the right to take another's? Until that it addressed, these things will keep happening, whether you ban guns or not. Those who have no regard for human life will certainly have no regard for a law banning guns, and will find guns anyway. Or use another weapon, such as knives. The second amendment gives us the right to bear arms, yes, but not to kill. Those who wish to kill will do so regardless of whatever the second amendment says.2 votes#1.215 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:07 PM ESTAPro123Screminmimi (1.37) - Though I agree with you about the shows/movies that were on the screen when we were younger (I am a little younger than you, but grew up with Adam-12, Starsky and Hutch, and reruns of the cowboy shows, not to mention Star Wars) not being as violent, I have to disagree with you on the video game part.I have played video games since the early 80's, when the Atari was out.  Since then, I have owned and played almost every system, and quite a few of those games are what some would classify as "violent".  However, I have never, nor will I ever, entertained thoughts of doing anything like what is done in the video games.  Despite playing Grand Theft Auto, I do not go around running over pedestrians, or shooting innocent people.  I don't even own a weapon of any sort in real life.The problem is not with the perceived notion that video games influence young minds, but instead that the parents do not teach their children morals.  Video games are a momentary escape from reality; not a replacement.  And it is up to the parents to make sure that the children know that.4 votes#1.216 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:08 PM ESTJ R BrowensteinThis is a reply to Sarah...Your premise that handguns were solely created to kill people is the fatal flaw in your argument.  As a shooting sports person, neither myself nor anyone I know buys a gun "to kill people".  That you think that guns were designed or invented solely for "killing" only demonstrates your ignorance of actually gun owners.  You are making an academic argument...nothing more.  Sure, ORIGINALLY guns were crafted to kill either persons or game...but those days are long bygone days.  People like myself enjoy shooting.  I shoot guns, bows, crossbows, etc of all sorts...because I like shooting. As you don't shoot, I don't imagine you understand this or even want to...it's simpler for you to make blanket statements about "what guns are for".  The premise of your argument is flawed so then is your argument.I don't think you want to acknowledge the truth that shooting sports of all kinds are recreational activities that people of all walks of life love to do and it has nothing to do with "killing people".  I have noticed that you are a very "liberal" minded person...and that reality conflicts with your ideology is something I don't think you have it in you to deal with.  You see only what you want to see and pretend the rest of reality doesn't exist.  I own guns, bows and crossbows...none of which were even bought with the idea of "self defense" in mind.  You just don't understand how wrong you are.5 votes#1.217 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:09 PM ESTVin1112DeletedJo Ann-666954This young man was a very angry young man. You have to start from point A, which is the home of this young man.A guest on CNN said that we don't need metal detectors, we need mental detectors.He's so correct.Another guest said that our culture is going down the drain.   He is also correct.Things that were not acceptable years ago are now being accepted.  Look at the stupid reality shows. Young kids are committing crimes and using foul language.   A teenage kid asked a woman for a cigarette.  He killed her just because she told him to get a job.  Really????  Young kids are attending church in lower numbers.  We are losing our moral values. This country is slowly going down the drain. 12 votes#1.219 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:13 PM ESTMr. Miller-447368I don't think it's about the guns - this sort of violence is merely symptomatic of a continued breakdown of our society.  We do everything we can in our culture to separate our children from the Human Experience..  We work very hard to make them 'part of the machine' - show no emotion when you make a touchdown, don't make eye contact, carry this card with you to school which will track every move..   Humans were just not meant to live like that - and consequently they lose touch with reality and their own souls...Teachers can no longer hug a child who is crying and say "It's all going to be ok" (they are considered perverts now)     We do anything and everything we can to stifle human interaction ... texts, instant messages, tweets, e-mail...And now it's coming home to roost.  Welcome to the society we have built for our future generations!(It Would be interesting to know however, just how many people were on site who were able to shoot back..  a qualified marksman would have been able to put this turd out of his misery in a very short period of time.  And for those who want to wail about creating the "Wild West", it's too late - we're already there.)3 votes#1.220 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:13 PM ESTJ. HicksWow - it's exhausting reading through all these posts.  I just wanted to express my sympathy to all of the parents of children who attend this school that was attacked this morning.  We have a neighborhood elementary school that is about 1/2 a mile away from our home.  My youngest still attends this school.  As soon as I heard about the attack my mind went right to where their minds would have gone - where is my child at this very moment?  The not knowing, the fear, the apprehension - my heart goes out to all of them.As far as the other rhetoric going on here on Newsvine - surely it could be saved for another day.  There were babies killed today. 7 votes#1.221 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:17 PM ESTSarah-3043284Sure, ORIGINALLY guns were crafted to kill either persons or game...but those days are long bygone days. People like myself enjoy shooting. I shoot guns, bows, crossbows, etc of all sorts...because I like shooting.And that is why comparing them to cars is ridiculous. Especially when you think of the regulations we place on cars compared to guns.As you don't shoot, I don't imagine you understand this or even want to...it's simpler for you to make blanket statements about "what guns are for". The premise of your argument is flawed so then is your argument.I'm sorry, did I say somewhere that guns are ONLY used to kill people, or that people don't use them for hunting or shooting? The whole point of bringing up what guns were invented for, which you admit I was right about, was to debunk the car argument, not to make my own.By the way, I've shot before, numerous times. A .44, a .9 and a .22. I'm by no means an expert or an enthusiast, but if I'm going to have an opinion on something I like to check it out first. I get why people enjoy it. I enjoyed it.Please quote where I've said anything about curtailing sport shooting or promoted banning gun ownership??? If you're a legal, responsible sport shooter, you should have no problem with my stance on this issue.Your personal dislike of me and/or assumptions aren't doing your argument any favor. Slow down on me and discuss the issue. Not that I'm not flattered by your focus, but really, this isn't about me.1 vote#1.222 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:19 PM ESTSanAndresMan"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."Way to go United States! Let's keep arming the nuts all in the name of an antiquated and now deadly text.2 votes#1.223 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:23 PM ESTLusitaniaWhats with twenty year old age group, Testosterone? Someone should do a study..It would be more productive than reading these garbage comments..May God bless these sweethearts !!4 votes#1.224 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:25 PM ESTmguy-478I love how gun nuts say: "guns don't kill people, people do"Yet these same people turn around and blame video games or movies. So guns don't kill people, a video game did? God damn you people are f***ing stupid.Ad shut up with your stupid "god" sh**. Attending church, or believing in god, DOES NOT reduce this type of action. Countries with less religious influence are LESS violent than us. All religion, or "your god", does is give you justification for treating people like sh**.3 votes#1.225 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:30 PM ESTVince-545056This is what politicians who have no backbone and kow tow to NRA and Second Amendment wackos gets us.  Anyone who supports gun rights, this tragedy is YOUR fault and is upon YOUR conscience.  NO ONE EXCEPT POLICE AND MILITARY PERSONNEL SHOULD EVER OWN A FIREARM.  Period.  How many more children have to die before we decide to do what every other industrialized nation has done and severely restrict, if not all together ban, firearm ownership.  There is absolutely no legitimate reason for a private citizen to own ANY type of firearm.  You gun rights enthusiasts make me sick!1 vote#1.226 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:35 PM ESTthinkstraight-306257As a grandparent all I can say is God bless the children, parents and family members of all of the victims.  Give your babies and family members an extra hug, no matter what your faith this is a tragedy.  I do not pretend to understand this and am having trouble as I am sure many others are understanding the slaughter of innocent young children.1 vote#1.227 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:36 PM ESTJimSpenceWe must reject the idea that every time a laws broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions. ~Ronald ReaganAs simple as this is to understand, many diminish its accuracy.This tragedy in Connecticut is not directly societies fault. As such it is not gun owners fault or the result of gun laws, or lack thereof.This is a 24 year old monster of our society.As much as we want to dismiss this notion, it is a fact. He murdered his own parents first and then went on a murderous rampage taking more than 2 dozen innocent children and school officials due to his distorted thinking. This was not the result of access to guns or current laws governing them. This, as is usually the case, is a result of our societys structure.We praise our diversity yet we dismiss the unintended consequences of it. We encourage tolerance but ignore its ability to create chaos. We demand political correctness but refuse to accept its abusive potential.Most importantly we ignore the main cause of many of our societal ills, education. Our criminal public education system graduates illiterates that are never taught right or wrong because of the above issues in our culture. Families are fractured and result in dysfunctional ideologies. Our legal system has turned into a revolving door of repeat offenders who have more protections than the law abiding citizens. Criminals need to be punished, not pacified.Our freedoms and liberties are built around laws, unfortunately no law, rule or regulation has ever been created that prevents crime. This is the reality of a free society. Our only solution to these incidents is to find out why a 24 year old man could commit this heinous crime and try to prevent it from happening again.The immediate reaction is rage, anger, shock and then mourning. Hopefully we can learn from this incident.Lets all keep the families and friends of those lost and injured in our thoughts and prayers. If you have children hug them close, talk to them, reassure them and cherish them.Children are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future." ~JFK3 votes#1.228 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:36 PM ESTdavid-475776Charlie-1915998  -  Remember -- guns make us safe!!! No doubt in a few days the NRA will be out there telling us the solution is to make it even easier to get a gun and allow kindergarten kids to bring guns to school so they can defend themselves.Typical:VotersPoliticians manipulate voters every day with half-truths -- or outright lies -- about taxes, spending and many other issues that directly affect the nation's prosperity.Too many voters embrace feel-good propaganda that they want to hear instead of learning the basic facts about issues they care about. They should do a better job of calling out dishonest politicians -- and shunning media outlets that stoke political food fights.http://money.msn.com/investing/11-things-wrong-with-congressThe NRA also Teaches US Law Enforcement, Firearms Safety, Marksmanship, etc.. The NRA also turns over those deemed Psychologically disturbed into US Law Enforcement (those the NRA also trained).KEEP RAISING YOUR CHILDREN USING MURDER SIMULATORS (AS MURDERING AS FUN AND ENTERTAINMENT FOR POINTS AND SCORES IN VIDEO GAMES) AS THE 24/7 BABY SITING DEVICE.The Psychologists that demanded the ESRB Violence Ratings on Video Games told you what the RESULTS would be.Reinstate the Selective Service and or Mandatory Compulsory US Military Service (Ground Combat Forces) for everyone starting at Age 18 like most European Nations that do NOT have this Problem, then they will know from Firsthand Experience just how f**ked up and horrible killing human beings really is. Statistics of Murders after: WWI, WWII, Korean War, Vietnam War, etc. when the majority of US Citizens Served in the US Military instead of the current 1% of US Citizens Serving in the US Military.Ed Orr -  I was in Air Force Air Police tech school at Lackland AFB, TX when the AR-15 was in development. The main/only purpose it was stated was for killing your enemy, not wild game hunting or target practice (except by military marksmen/women)Wrong.   The USAF Project Manager decided on the AR-15 (aka M-16, CAR-15) and the .223 caliber (5.56mm) because of ease of use (less time to train marksmanship), NOT Lethality; as previously the M-14 with the more Lethal 7.62 mm (.308 caliber) was used at the beginning of Vietnam.   The .223 caliber (5.56mm) was originally developed as a varmint (small animals) round fired from bolt action rifles (as to one of many reasons why the original (and even current) M-16s jammed).   An unstated (illegal per Civilian Conventions of the 1908 Hague Convention and 1949 Geneva Convention) reason is using less than lethal calibers (like the Japanese Snipers of WWII) wounding one enemy combatant would take at least two other enemy combatants off the Battlefield to evacuate the one wounded enemy combatant, the same with the less than lethal German 9mm of WWII versus the very lethal US .45 caliber.Note:  Do not even say that the weapon (AR-15, M-16, M-4, CAR-15, etc.) causes the bullet to become lethal by "tumbling" or I will know that you know NOTHING.Ed Orr -    I don't own any firearms but am considering purchasing either a 9 mm or 40 cal and would have no problem at all with registering it.Do not buy a Firearm.   If you are stopped for any reason by US Law Enforcement and your License Plate is run on their computer, it will state that you are armed and the US Law Enforcement will treat you as armed even if you are not.  example:  If the US Law Enforcement stops you, the first thing they must do is run your license plates, second if they tell you to place both hands on the steering wheel thru the loud speaker and you come out of your vehicle instead, they have every right to shoot you since you would be out of range of non lethal projectile type tasers.As far as Gun Control, did not work at the Murder Capitol of the World aka Washington D.C., nor Chicago, Great Britain, etc..   Just a Fact, most Firearms are NOT manufactured at the US.  example: To arm the Mexican Military, the Mexican Government has Manufacturing Licenses to manufacturer Military (Selective Fire including Full Automatic) M-16s, M-4s, M-9 (pistols), etc..   The Illegal Aliens used as Mules are not just smuggling in Drugs to pay the Coyotes for smuggling them into the US, these weapons are also given to the Illegal Alien Gangs as the Drug Distributors for the Drug Cartels and as Enforcers.   Also at South and Central Americas, the more reliable and lethal weapons preferred by the Drug Cartels as the Russian Firearms are being brought by the container load into South America (Hamas Foreign Fighters, Hezbollah), smuggled into Guatemala (Organized MS-13 and MS-14, etc.), then to Mexico (Drug Cartels) and eventually the US (Illegal Alien Gangs and Drug Cartels like La Familia of the Northeast US).3 votes#1.229 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:37 PM ESTval1245mguy-478,Surely you are aware of the suicide bombers that  do this regularly in those other COUNTRIES you are speaking of, right? You know, those countries with very strong, religious influences. This guy was mentally ill.2 votes#1.230 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:39 PM ESTA Yank in AustraliaJust another 26 poor innocent souls sacrificed on the Alter of the Second Amendment, not to mention the wounded and the collateral damage in the families and the community....Hope all you Gotta Have My Semi-Auto Cowboys are proud of yourselves!My heart bleeds for the families!2 votes#1.231 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:40 PM ESTthe TiGorNearly all of these shooters whether its Columbine, Aurora, are ALL LIBERALS!!!!!!!I do not know that this can be substantiated in any meaningful way, especially with mysterious perpetrators who are quite young and probably too young to have taken any interest in or solid position on politics of any type. But, depending on how one would choose to define liberalism, I can see a thing or two about this that could warrant some merit.A lot of these young mass killers probably had quite the sense of entitlement, that the world owed them something, or even a lot, through the couple of decades they'd been alive, and whatever it was had not been forthcoming. I'm not sure just what 'it' would be; probably different in individual case. I'd imagine that we'd be talking the 'ingredients' of what one would say was a 'good life' that the killer felt were missing in his. Friends, popularity, a desirable reputation, relationships, success. I'm almost thinking that material possessions are down the list quite a way. The truly frustrated man feels that he has missed out on all of the intangible good things in life that, from his perspective, just seem to naturally come to everyone else.It's hardly a stretch to envision where a young male adult, convinced that the world and society has made a hobby of dumping on him with no plans to quit anytime soon unless he acts to stop it, would lash back as violently as possible, striking at the things he feels are responsible for all of his problems in life.I have no idea how we can effectively stop this, either. After the unthinkable has been done, it is no longer unthinkable.1 vote#1.232 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:41 PM ESTmguy-478Surely you are aware of the suicide bombers that  do this regularly in  those other COUNTRIES you are speaking of, right? You know, those  countries with very strong, religious influences.Yes... because overly religious countries are ALWAYS more violent. That was my whole point.But we have people here screaming for more god and more religion. Ya, great... let's make things even worse.3 votes#1.233 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:42 PM ESTsparklystarI can tell you why this happens.   20 little innocent lives were lost today in a violent crime.  Mommies and Daddies are in so much pain right now they can't breath.  Brothers and sisters have had the magic of the season ripped out of their hearts.  20 little children, excited and anticipating a visit from Santa left for school this morning with their little back packs filled with books and won't be coming home.  Now. look at this message board.  Very few of you are even acknowledging the personal heartbreak that each of us should be feeling.  Most of you are using it to vent your political feelings.  We have become desensitized to violence to the point that we can't even express sympathy to these families, instead we sit on message boards being mean and angry with each other.  I weep for these children and their families and their community.  And I weep for our country, populated by the likes of people on these message boards.  Shame Shame ShameStop the vitirol.  Hug your children.  Tell you partners you love and care for them.  In the name of these babies, go to your favorite charity and donate your time, goods and money.  Learn empathy from this.7 votes#1.234 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:42 PM ESTAntistupiditySarahAll mine are registered, I would not buy or sell one without changing registration, mandatory registration would eliminate the "gun show loophole" which really only applies to private sales. As far as kevlar piercing, the only handgun round that would was a certain round for the FN5.7 which has been banned. Hollow points serve a purpose, by opening and expanding it slows the bullet faster to prevent over-penetration and the bullet passing through the subject and possibly wounding or killing an unintended target, yes is also causes more damage to the primary target. As far as classes I could teach them but that is not my calling, and I have seen video of many police involved shootings where the police break many safety rules, and most of them don't practice sufficiently. I have seen them at the range and quite frankly some of them are scary. Responsible owners practice more than the police because we are held to a higher standard. Most people do not have extended mags, the factory mags of most modern guns hold 13-19 depending on model and caliber. My primary only holds 8 plus 1 and that is more than sufficient, I do have 1 extended mag for it that holds 10, but that is more because I don't enjoy refilling the mags at the range, and anyone that practices can change mags in under a second so that is not really an issue. Mental stability really is more the issue, and as far as background checks and metal evaluation, and classes goes I am all for it. Annual registration would be just like for a vehicle, a revenue generator at best. All my friends that are gun owners abide by these rules or I would not go to the range with them, there are enough idiots there to worry about, I don't want to worry about the people I am with acting safely unless I am teaching them. Safety rules never have an exception, a gun is a mechanical device and like any mechanical device there can be failure, it has happened to me, but since I follow the rules religiously there was no harm, just 2 holes in the carpet and fragments everywhere, but no injuries.5 votes#1.235 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:44 PM ESTmj-1451595For the record, I am NOT a member of the NRA.  However, for someone to  even implicate that they are responsible for actions like these flies  completely in the face of logic.  You may as well blame Budweiser for  drunk driving accidents.I can if they are standing on the street corner handing out beer and telling people the government is going to take away their beer is they don't watch it. (pst, the word is "imply" Implicate means you prove someone is involved in something)The scariest thing about the comments here is the people supporting no gun control legislation are the most unhinged people I've ever heard. They are fanatic and off the wall about their "right to have a gun" which by the way IS NOT what the second amendment says but we won't go there right now.Not that I think this applies to this situation, because I'm with the people who think this has something to do with desensitizing children to violence and by the way, but it's hard to kill something with your hands, face to face. That takes real cojones. Standing across the room and shooting is a cowards way to end a life. It's the way a person who is disconnected from the act does things.All of you little people here screaming about your guns are frightened little rabbits. A gun makes you feel like a big person--like someone to be reckoned with and that should scare all of us in modern society. Because you will shoot. You will shoot first and worry about the consequences later because you're terrified all of the time or you wouldn't scream about your right to own a gun.3 votes#1.236 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:44 PM ESTPhinster66Gun control is not getting to the cause. Maximizing (school) security does not keep people from violent acts; banks have maximum security yet there are still bank robberies and not all are performed using guns and people are still killed or injured.I think this story and any story of violence tells us that we should be nicer towards each other because over time any harassment, however harmless at the time, can set one off to do violent things. Like with domestic violence or road rage, it starts small then builds until we blow. We all have a levee and pushed too hard, it can break at any time. On the other end of the spectrum, some people are just born evil. But do try to be conciderate and compassionate of others and fewer acts of violence will occur.2 votes#1.237 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:50 PM ESTSarah-3043284 Comment collapsed by the communityI'm pretty sick of hearing, "Now's not the time" for this discussion. Really, well when is the time? After these tragedies happen the conversation about gun control and violence has been shot down, by using those same "shame" tactics. I say, not this time.Now is the time to discuss this. In fact, Columbine, was the time. Jonesboro, was the time. Tuscon, was the time. Virginia Tech, was the time. Aurora, was the time...Maybe if we had it then, we wouldn't see it so much now. Tomorrow, we'll still be grieving, so can't talk about it then? Day after tomorrow? A month from tomorrow? Should we wait for it to happen, one more time? But then, it won't be "the time" again.There is no time like the present. Stop trying to stop the discussions around this. NOT talking about it EVER, has surely NOT fixed anything.3 votes#1.238 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:52 PM ESTcowtowntruckerwal-mart is trying to buy and save the "Twinkies."1 vote#1.239 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:57 PM ESTRobert in OregonWow, 24 of the first 25 comments on this thread already "collapsed" (effectively silenced) by others who do not like what the author had to offer! What a wonderful society we have built in which rather than considering what others have to say, and responding to those comments with our own alternative ideas and opinions, ...we instead resort to attempting to silence them. Is this the American way, folks? Is this your response to the First Amendment free speech rights of others; just silence (collapse) any comments of those with whom you disagree? And what are we to make of the Second Amendment supporters here on this thread who are collapsing (silencing) the every comment which does not appear to be fully supportive of gun possession? Is your protection of your own Second Amendment rights that much more important to you than our countries First amendment rights? Is that your point, here?If so I have a question for you:   How many children need to be murdered by guns, how many children need to die accidentally by guns, how many children need to be wounded and maimed by guns, how many children need to be traumatized for life by witnessing the aftermath of gun violence ... before you will be moved enough emotionally to even be willing to read, and listen, and consider opinions of others who wish to have a rational, open national conversation about gun ownership and gun possession which may differ from your own opinion?9 votes#1.240 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:58 PM ESTAmanda-2017567St Miller said:There is no good reason why anyone in this country should be allowed to own an assault rifle, a sniper rifle, kevlar piercing rounds, etc. Gun advocates need to be willing to make concessions as well. And don't even remotely suggest that the gun laws on the books are enough...they clearly aren't.In my municipality, you're restricted to one firearm purchase a month, and you have to have a background check run through the state's criminal justice information system. You have to have a license and permit in order to buy a Class 3 Restricted Firearm.Now, all of that being said..I'm a biometrics tech for a private company who provides fingerprint scanning services, and over the last three months we have had this one guy come in to be fingerprinted or a restricted firearm background check three times--one per month. he has also requested fingerprint cards that he could send to two neighboring sates for restricted firearms purchases there.By my count, he's purchased five restricted firearms in the last three months, one per month from my state as is allowed and two from neighboring states. One wonders why he would need to purchase so many in this limited amount of time--his explanation to me was 'it's a hobby'.I realize he's purchasing legally, but I still feel uneasy. Does anyone know if there is a reporting agency or something like that?1 vote#1.241 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:00 PM ESTSarah-3043284Amanda,I realize he's purchasing legally, but I still feel uneasy. Does anyone know if there is a reporting agency or something like that?Good point. There is no national database to track purchases such as this. If this guy is buying from numerous places, there's no way to know. I imagine he could be using more than one finger printing system, also.Just one more way we could implement rational reform. In the meantime, I'd report it to your superior. Perhaps there's an internal system of dealing with this?4 votes#1.242 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:04 PM ESTGetmadstaymadGeorge Washington said: "A free people ought not only be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from anyone who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.10 votes#1.243 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:07 PM ESTCoCo-1551796Violence revs up mentally unstable persons.  Obama went to Michigan and revved up the Union protestors.  The union persons were extremely violent beating other persons tearing down a tent that had a leagal permit with women and people in wheelchairs inside putting their lives at risk.  Several congressmen approved of this behavior along with the president.  They shouted there will be blood shed and today there was.  When country leaders approve of violence to get their way, right or wrong, mentally unstable people feel they have the green light to do their own violence.7 votes#1.244 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:09 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport@RonB from Pittsburgh1. No new guns in this country for civilian use for a generation. You can buy and sell existing guns. Law-abiding gun owners will take care of theirs. Criminals will tend not to, and will tend to have theirs confiscated when they are arrested. At the end of a generation, very few criminals will have or be able to get guns.2. To drive a car, you have to take a test. To buy a gun, you have to take two. One is psychological.3. If your gun is stolen or lost, and you don't report it, and it ends up being used in a crime, you get the same sentence as the criminal.Problem not solved, but significantly reduced.#1: Yeah, great idea. It's not like you can't bring in guns from outside the country with our big, wonderful, open borders. No one ever smuggled booze in from Canada back in the day. No one brings drugs over the borders now, either.     So you would rather do nothing because perfection can't be achieved? Great plan.No, my point is that we already have reasonable safeguards. This is NOT bleeding Kansas out there. But the answer is clearly not disarming law abiding people that work in the school. That's borne out in ever one of these horrible events.#2: This already exists in Connecticut, New York, and lots of other states. You cannot get a gun legally w/o a license, and you cannot get a license with any record of mental illness....#3: So this will extend to stolen cars too, right?Oh, please, not with the car argument again. In addition to everyone else who has thoroughly debunked it already in this thread, let me add this: on a per-use basis, which is more effective at killing or maiming? And on a per-theft basis?I have to agree with the commenter above who likened gun fetishes to addiction. The depth of denial is just jaw-dropping.Hey, if you can name something else that a state issues a license for that we can use as another example, feel free to put it up. Debunked in your head, perhaps. How do you want to quantify "per use"? Everytime someone turns the ignition? Every trip? Every car on the road? No matter how you slice it, cars kill more people than guns in the US every year. QED.I don't think even the FBI has any idea about on a per-theft basis for either guns nor cars.Yeah, it's kind of like the fetish other folks who think that taking away rights from law abiding citizens makes them somehow safer.2 votes#1.245 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:14 PM ESTRonB from PittsburghI'm with you, Sarah.If I die from cancer, I do want people to use the occasion of my death to redouble their resolve to help find a cure.  If I die in a plane crash, I do want the search for answers and prevention to begin right away.The actual meat-life family and neighbors of the grieving families are the ones who will offer condolences and comfort. Of one thing we can all be sure: the grieving families will never read anything we post here.  Condolences and high-minded expressions of grief in the comments section of this article are wasted.2 votes#1.246 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:17 PM ESThardtostarboardThis is far and away the most senseless of these many senseless acts.  The root cause is so much deeper than more "feel good" laws that do absolutely nothing to protect society and infringe on the rights of Americans.  A greater % of households had guns 50 years ago than today, guns could be bought anytime without any background checks what-so-ever, yet mass shootings were unheard of back then.  No laws will protect us from nuts.  It is obvious that the phenomenon of the mass shooter is a result of our "modern society"  we must go back and embrace the old cultural foundations that produced far fewer of them.2 votes#1.247 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:17 PM ESTJudy The OrneryTo everyone, please accept my deepest sympathies for your loss. Every person in this world lost today. Everyone is grieving because these little ones were powerless and innocent. As a retired hospice nurse, I am familiar with death and dying but this was a mindless assault on humanity.My brother-in-law was down right insulting, when we discussed gun control before the Presidential election, this year. He said our should "demand" everyone carry a gun. It is our right. He gave me that too often excuse, guns don't lill people, people kill people. I told him, if that is the case, guns should not be sold or provided to people. He hasn't spoken to me since.I believe the increase, in multiple shootings, like this is due to violence portrayed on TV and movies, reality shows, video games, paint ball and even water guns. People who participate in "pretend " gun fights, half no concept, of the carnage, a gun can cause.I wish I could put my arms around each and everyone, of those who are suffering because, of the madness. Random shootings will continue until, stricter gun laws are in place. Automatic weapons are banned and education on violence is required.  This should not be a glorified incident.I worked in an operating room, earlier in my career, I have seen the trauma a gun can cause. I have helped save lives, of gun shoot victims. It is a gruesome experience. And when the patient is a child, it affects everyone, from the child's parents, family, loved ones, school mates and the people who provide the care. Then next, someone says, guns don't kill people, people kill people, I am going to respond with this. How many people do you think would be killed by gun fire, if there were no guns? Yes, I know about knives and other weapons, can be used to kill. But how many innocent children, do you believe, would have been killed today, if the guy would have used a knife? At least the children would have had, a better chance at survival.  Again, I am so sorry for your loss. These incidents affect our entire world. Rest in peace, little ones.  And for all of the children that survived, God be with you. I wish you well.                  3 votes#1.248 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:18 PM ESTAntistupidityAmandaClass 3 weapons at this rate, I would contact the FBI and BATF immediately, not that they could do anything if the purchases are legit, but they could let him know that he is on the radar an possibly thwart anything he is up to. But any purchase of class 3 HAS to go through the BATF and he has to pay a surcharge tax on each one. That said it may well just be a hobby.1 vote#1.249 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:18 PM ESThickory46To screminmimi at #1.37.Thank you!! I, also, am in my late 60's. I grew up watching that terribly violent little cartoon character named "Mighty Mouse". My hero's were Gene Autry, Roy Rogers and all those other cowboy heroes that carried guns. The old 3 Stoogies slapstick comedies with all their violence were hilarious. My favorite movies were the old WW2 movies like "To Hell And Back" with Audie Murphy. It's strange that all these were chock full of killing, death and violence. It never crossed my mind to kill anyone. Later, after I grew up, the Army taught me how to kill while in the service in the mid '60s. I then spent 25 years as a law inforcement officer. We spent hours on the firing range learning how to be better shots with, first, revolvers and later with semi-automatic firearms like the Glock and Sig. I still never had the idea to go out and kill anyone. People, it is the CULTURE we now live in that is the problem. Teachers are no longer allowed to discipline the children in their classrooms because it may "hurt little Johnny's ego". Parents are now longer allowed to say "NO" to their child because the child can run to Family Services and accuse the parents of child abuse. This country has become a weak nation of "it's somebodies elses fault" crybabies. If I do something wrong, it is never my fault. Until we get back morals and a sense pf responsibiltiy guns are going to be the least of our problems. How many people, including children, were killed by Timothy McVeigh in Oklahoma City? He didn't use guns. Richard Speck didn't use guns. Ted Bundy didn't use guns. Very few of the serial killers this country has had ever used guns. It's not guns, it is our sick society.4 votes#1.250 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:23 PM ESTsam4everI don't care how many statistics those of us love guns put into this comment section. No statistics can compare with 20 childred dying because some jerk took his issues that he had with his Mom out on these innocent children....with a gun. This isn't the time to be saying "guns don't kill, people kill". We are as aware of that fact as we are of the fact that 27 people went to a school today and are now dead! 4 votes#1.251 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:24 PM ESTRonB from PittsburghMark, you know what else kills people?  Cancer.  Plane crashes.  Wild animals.Here's a clue: we aren't talking about those today.  Looking for rational approaches to curbing gun violence doesn't mean we can't also look for rational approaches to curing cancer, making planes safer, or managing wildlife.Nor does the fact that those other killers are out there provide any logical reason whatsoever not to try to reduce gun violence.Please.2 votes#1.252 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:24 PM ESTAntistupidityLusitaniaWhats  with twenty year old age group, Testosterone? Someone should do a  study..It would be more productive than reading these garbage comments..Medical fact, most psychotic breaks occur from the late teens to mid twenties, the studies have already been done.5 votes#1.253 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:27 PM EST25Walker Rontron Comment collapsed by the communityIt is probably more about failed parenting. Failing to teach children how to deal with lifes ups and downs.Disagreed. Probably, this shooting was due to a narcassitic nut, who had a good life, who had good future opportunities, but who still felt deprived in life. This abberant person felt that he was entitled to more  money, control and recognition. This predator was angry. He allowed his anger to fester. He felt that he would release his anger and make a splash in the newspapers for himself, although after his mayham and no longer alive. Unfortunately, in these cases the motives and delusional concepts of these "self-annointed kings" are always the same. 2 votes#1.254 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:33 PM ESTCaptSarah,Hi cutie;) You and some cohorts asked for some "laws" that the POTUS has signed regarding gun legislation, I know of none. Given this is accurate, are you then actually saying he's pro-gun? Lets be real here. He's a Democrat. He's possibly the most left leaning POTUS we've had. I'd be curious who disagrees with that...but it's moot and not intended as an insult. I care little for him as you may recall but this is the mantra of the left; pro-choice, anti-gun etc. We have our mantra also; pro-gun, pro-life. And no, I don't consider it an oxymoron. We have different perspectives. It's amazing what can get accomplished when people with different perspectives actually talk without the insults.Benot...Well stated.(Little ones...I weep for you............)2 votes#1.255 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:37 PM ESTRobert1717Second time this week we have a shooter taking innocent lives. The republicans must be so proud of their nuts.3 votes#1.256 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:43 PM ESTSarah-3043284Hey Capt,I'm fairly sure Obama's personal feelings about guns don't mean much. What matters are his executive actions and whether he's used his power as POTUS to implement those personal beliefs, as well as whether he can legally justify those implementations.That, as you said, he has not done.I'm a liberal. I'm not "anti-gun". I'm anti-gun nut illogical arguments. Big difference. I also don't consider pro-life/pro-gun a contradiction, as it is your choice to believe when humanity begins and I'm assuming you don't use guns to kill people. Just don't try to force your choice about humanity's beginning to be MY choice, and we'll get along just fine. ;)3 votes#1.257 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:54 PM ESTR. ScalzoSo many love to quote the numbers from Australia but only use the first year. They tend to conveniently leave out the ten year stats after the laws were passed.So what have the Australian laws actually done for homicide and suicide rates? Howard cites a study (pdf) by Andrew Leigh of Australian National University and Christine Neill of Wilfrid Laurier University finding that the firearm homicide rate fell by 59 percent, and the firearm suicide rate fell by 65 percent, in the decade after the law was introduced, without a parallel increase in non-firearm homicides and suicides. That provides strong circumstantial evidence for the laws effectiveness.1 vote#1.258 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:55 PM ESTsilverton-2953905Ask the parents of those dead children if guns are to blame, or if poor parenting is to blame, or if violent entertainment videos and games are to blame, or if a society of hate-filled anonymous posters is to blame.I bet the answer would be all of the above combined.3 votes#1.259 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:55 PM ESTRon B-2757074Sarah 3043824,I respect your opinions and pragmatic stances but you are a little naive to think that if the shooter believed there were armed people in the school that it would not have dissuaded him. When was the last time you heard of a maniac walking in and shooting up a police station? Soft targets are always preferabale to these maniacs.2 votes#1.260 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:58 PM ESTpj-965429The number of collapsed comments on here shows what an emotional issue this is, the massacre of a room full of kindergartners who had the unfortunate luck of having this mans mother as their teacherto be in the wrong place at the wrong time is gut wrenching.  Sill, people, quit collapsing comments just because you disagree with the others point of view. 2 votes#1.261 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:58 PM ESTSarah-3043284Ron,Yet look at other mass shootings, NOT taking place in schools. With the gun laws we have in place, someone could feasibly have been carrying in Tuscon, Aurora, Clackamas... That possibility didn't seem to stop them any. Not to mention that mass shooters DO know going in that the police will respond, and that response will be shoot to kill. The shooters are aware that the odds overwhelmingly support their dying in the commission of these crimes, yet they do them anyway, more often than not killing themselves at the end. That doesn't speak to their giving a @!$%# if you're carrying or not. That speaks to their being irrational, crazy and disrespectful of their own lives, as well as the lives of others.#1.262 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:02 PM ESTRon B-27570743043284... sorry, transposed a couple of numbers#1.263 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:02 PM ESTgeorge pauljohnWhy am I not surprised to see some people trying to make this political? I would have hoped that a situation like this would be handled differently. and thank you to those who didn't make it political.Insanity has no ethnic, political or religious foundations. Insanity is insanity, period.What we really need to examine is how we deal with people who show signs of insanity and ask how can we prevent a situation like this. In an extreme case here in new jersey some years back. A kid named Manzie killed an 11 year old boy in a middle class neighborhood. The mother had tried over and over to have her kid committed because he was insane. the courts don't listen to such complaints because it takes money to house the insane. And so judge after judge refused to commit Manzie. And so a young boy died. The question in my mind is this. What is the system doing to identify people who may be mentally ill and determine if they pose a danger. I find it hard to believe that this shooter was just a normal kid and went crazy in a moment. Somebody had to know he was a danger, or at least suspected such. We cannot help the families that suffer from today's tragedy, but maybe we can avoid this in the future. We really need to have a civil discussion of this and the experts need to start the dialog. I'm not saying we can eliminate all tragedy, but we really need to give it an honest try. I'm sure schools all over the country will be re-evaluating the basics of their security. Most people don't know that the secret service and FBI  examines cases like this to better understand them. And I know it's no easy task. But we really need to put more resources into this.  and for decency's sake, please leave all the left right stuff out.1 vote#1.264 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:08 PM ESTSailcat-2064101This has been a banner year for gun enthusiasts across the country! The casualties are mounting among the innocents whose blood is being spilled in the name of the Second Amendment. They should be very proud.8 votes#1.265 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:09 PM ESTRon B-2757074Sarah,But, the Aurora and Clackamas shootings took place in gun free zones. The shooters knew that it was illegal for people to be carrying weapons there. They knew that most people obey the law so they did not fear return fire.2 votes#1.266 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:10 PM ESTwtw of KCAll I have to say about all this is that we have become a really sick society. We have a lot to answer for! 3 votes#1.267 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:15 PM ESTLostFloridaCertainly gun control is debatable.  Maybe a waiting period would have helped, maybe not.I'd rather focus on loon control.  We need to hold accountable those people who shelter unstable animals among us.  The parents, other family, doctors, therapists, etc. surely knew he was not rational, and should have taken steps to make sure this monster could not endanger others.These people are among us...withdrawn, depressed loners that snap.  The people that know them aren't surprised they would do such things.2 votes#1.268 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:15 PM ESTSarah-3043284Ron,You're looking at the issue with the assumption that all criminals and crimes are rational. That's why guns don't necessarily deter crime, because crime and criminals, by their very nature are irrational. A rational person, yes, they would stop and consider that return fire may be a possibility, but a rational person wouldn't do this in the first place. And, as I said, the shooter still knows that return fire isn't just a possibility, it's a guarantee, regardless of whether or not it's a "gun free" zone. As soon as law enforcement gets there, the shows over. They also, tend to kill themselves, which points to their not really caring about return fire, too much.If someone is crazy enough to shoot up an elementary school, do you really believe the tipping point between doing so, or not doing so, would be the possibility that someone may be carrying a gun?1 vote#1.269 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:16 PM ESTDM7741This is just heartbreaking.  At what point do we realize we have the responsibility to enact strict laws around gun control and to provide care for the mentally ill?  May this horrendous incident be what we finally regard as the turning point in helping us become a loving and responsible nation.  My heart is with the families who have lost their children, spouses, and parents.  3 votes#1.270 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:17 PM ESTmguy-478Captthe mantra of the left; pro-choice, anti-gunIt's amazing what can get accomplished when people with different perspectives actually talk without the insults.You should practice what you preach... because if you have EVER talked to a single liberal in your entire life, you would know they are NOT anti-gun.If you actually took 5 god damn minutes to talk to the political side you hate, you would learn that they DO NOT want to take your guns. They want more laws that make it difficult for a mentally unstable person to get a gun. I have not met one liberal, not a single damn one, that wants to take every gun away. The vast majority of the party just wants reasonable laws to keep guns out of the hands of felons and mentally unstable.Now, will laws prevent every felon or mentally unstable person from getting a gun? No. But laws also don't stop people from getting drugs, yet YOU support those laws. So what do you have against laws that attempt to restrict a crazy person from getting a gun?2 votes#1.271 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:20 PM ESTProIndividual-3906907This has little or nothing to do with violent video games, TV shows, guns, or mental illness funding. It has a lot to do with this:Obama said Friday's shooting, following the massacre at a movie theater in Aurora, Colo., and other murder sprees, showed the need for "meaningful actionregardless of the politics" to prevent more blood from being spilled.Unfortunately he won't do what would prevent these shottings from happening more often, and simultaneously keep criminals from keeping guns and raising violent crime rates outside of gun crime, while still securing the individual, negative, right to own and carry fire arms.The problem is that these nuts who do mass shotting almost always choose no-gun zones to attack, because it's not going to go over well at places where guns are allowed. How many mass shotings happen at gun ranges or police stations? It should be legal for teachers and janitors and such to carry firearms like anyone else everywhere else. We don't have an epidemic of teachers killing kids, or janitors for that matter. Create a game theory mathematical deterent by allowing them to carry...it's counter-intuitive but deductively logical. Even if they don't carry the shooters will pick softer targets....or think twice about going in these places to kill a bunch of people. This loon would have waited, perhaps, for his mother to come home to kill her instead of going where he expected to meet armed resistance.And if guns, drugs, mental health problems, TV, music, and movies are to blame explain to me why MILLIONS of other people have those problems, or own those things, or watch those shows/movies, or listen to those songs but DON"T KILL ANYONE? Logic shows those things are not the problem, or it'd be a hugely pervasive problem.200 million guns / 13,000 gun murders = 15,384.62 guns per murder (that's a lot of guns not killing people)Percentage chance a gun in the USA will murder = .0065% (or 6.5 in every 1000 guns...that's 993.5 guns in every 1000 guns not murdering people)50 million gun owners / 13,000 gun murders = 3,846.15 gun owners not murdering for every 1 gun murder (that's a lot of gun owners not murdering anyone)Percentage chance a gun owner will murder with a gun = .026% (or 26 in every 1,000...that's 974 gun owners in every 1,000 not murdering anyone)315,000,000 American people / 13,000 gun murders = 24,230.77 Americans per 1 gun murder victimMath done by me via Bing search engine and the DOJ, CDC, and FBI stats. I'd also mention more lives are saved a year by guns than taken by guns:The FBI says that 750,000 crimes are foiled per year by guns. If only 2% of those cases are cases where a single life is saved (or 1% of them saves on average 2 lives, alternatively, et cetera), then no less than 15,000 lives are SAVED by guns a year, and that is more than the 13,000 overestimate I gave for lives taken by them via murder. That means at minimum, lowball estimate, guns are a NET GAIN of life, not a net loss. I'd also point out that's a very low estimate by me to make a point. The Clinton Administration did a study that said 2 million lives a year were saved by firearms...but I even think that's too high. I'd say tens of thousands to a hundred thousand may be a fairer estimate (an amalgam of all the studies I've seen and read). But regardless, guns save more lives then they take, and that's what is important to my point here.I grieve for the families involved...I have myself carried caskets, even of children, from gun violence. But we need to be logical and rational. Gun violence rates aren't caused by guns themselves, as evidenced by rates of gun murder being higher in England where guns are basically banned, as compared to Canada where they are not banned and are far more pervasive per capita.Percentage chance a gun owner in Canada murders you with a gun = .0012% (1.2 in every 1,000)Percentage chance a English gun owner murders you with a gun = .0022% (2.2 in every 1,000)The USA gun murder rate is 10 times England's...but that's because most (almost 70%) of gun murders are commited by criminals over drug crime. The largest number after that is deomestic violence (like against women)...another pervasive problem in our culture. We need to address the way we raise our kids to view domestic abuse (through spanking and other parental abuse on kids via threats), and end the Prohibition on drugs. Between those two types of causes we eliminate 80% of gun murders in the USA. And yes, murder rates, especially by gun, fell by 40%+ after the Prohibition was lifted in 1933.Unfortunately, we can't strip the rights of 99.974% of gun owners for what the .026% do. Some crazies will kill people, and some will kill kids. It's horrific. But aren't headed toward a police state (if we aren't already there) as it is? I mean drone surveillance, the executive order Obama just signed that expanded on the Bush PATRIOT Act so Americans can be spied upon without even being suspected of any crime or harm? When does it end? When almost 100% of gun owners aren't going to kill, you don't let the state fool you into thinking guns and gun owners are the problem!2 votes#1.272 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:20 PM ESTAntistupidityRon B-2757074the Aurora and Clackamas shootings took place in gun free zonesThat depends on the state, here those are not gun free zones.#1.273 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:20 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport@RonB from Pittsburgh:Mark, you know what else kills people? Cancer. Plane crashes. Wild animals.Here's a clue: we aren't talking about those today. Looking for rational approaches to curbing gun violence doesn't mean we can't also look for rational approaches to curing cancer, making planes safer, or managing wildlife.Nor does the fact that those other killers are out there provide any logical reason whatsoever not to try to reduce gun violence.Please.Um, no. You're talking about guns instead of how to stop murderers... about is disarming a law abiding population, NOT about how to make schools safer or keep the mentally deranged from causing harm to others. If your approaches were rational, I wouldn't see them as a blatent attempt to make law abiding people even MORE helpless.You want to reduce gun violence. That's great, so do I. Explain in detail how disarming the law abiding people does that. Because no matter what you say, you know you're talking directly against the findings of the FBI and every state that's instituted concealed carry.Please.2 votes#1.274 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:24 PM ESTjb1961Parental supervision, or the lack thereof is the most prolific problem, and leads directly to situations like this. With that being said, guns do make it easier to perpetuate mass killings like this. But to look to the government to fix such problems is like having the fox guard the Hen House. We have laws to keep guns out of mentally deranged, and criminals hands, You see how well that's working. When the government can't even balance their checkbook, how do You expect them to effectively regulate gun usage ? It would be nice for there not to be any guns, no tanks, bombs, and everyone to love one another, but it just isn't going to happen. As long as guns exist, there is no way to keep them out of criminals hands. And Sara, Obama is moving toward signing the small arms treaty, which would allow the U.N. to regulate gun control !That way He gets what He wants, but doesn't have to be the bad Guy, spineless Person that He is.1 vote#1.275 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:27 PM ESTIWonder-932455Blah  blah blah!If I was in charge I would try to discover the source of the problem, then try to do something, that could correct it. Bandaids are not the answer, that much I know.I have noticed that the flakes come out of the cracks, during times of relative peace. You don't have to tell me that there is still war, going on in Afghanistan but maybe, the government and press should mention it to the crazies, rather than hiding it. I don't know why there is a connection between peace and insanity but I don't remember so much during WWII, Korea or viet nam.If there is a connection, why not put some shrinks to work on it. These days they are afraid to stick their noses above ground. Politicians and the media are really not qualified in mental illness and we are not going to get a solution from them. I think that we are not going to get any help from the psychologists, sociologists and psychiatrists, unless we pass a good samaratan law that will protect them from the liberals, which probably means that we are not going to get any help.1 vote#1.276 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:28 PM ESTSailcat-2064101Mass murders have occurred this year in a theater, mall, church, and in at least one school. The two things that connect these tragedies are guns and the idiots who are allowed to own them. This has got to stop.5 votes#1.277 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:30 PM ESTBlack Kettle & Sand Creek...lest we forgetWow, this story broke me to tears.  I was once an elementary grade teacher - we mostly worried about tornadoes.  ALL OUTSIDE DOORS WERE ALWAYS LOCKED - we had a code, if Code 4 was on the intercom, we had an intruder - this could mean a parent abduction - this POS, probably gained access because his mother taught there.  I do not claim to be superior to anyone facing a gunman - but as I taught shortly after Columbine, as a teacher, I did my own drills.  AS PARENTS, ASK YOUR TEACHER FOR A DRILL THAT HAS BEEN PRACTICED! - More than the school asks alone!I kept my door locked - not required.  When the "code" came as a drill - I had each child hide against a wall, lights turned out ASAP...then I would look through my door (1/2) glass - If I saw a shoe, etc... I would mention the shoe (not child) and give candy to one child (even though I couldn't see 19 out of 20) - to say, good job, how did you hide your legs?..."Everyone practice that...until I see an empty class."  The kids were not scared - it was a game, a hiding game with candy too.  We were basement level - everyone could fit out a window (and my house was very close).... I always told them to run (to my house) if we heard "bad" sounds on our level [they really could be invisible & quiet] ...and we practiced getting out those windows (first out each window - lollipop, etc...)...the other teachers thought I was stupid, the kids thought of it as another recess...If you are a parent, know where your child's classes are and ask for the teachers to make it "fun" to either hide or exit the building with all children going to a safe place (hiding behind a close house, etc..)....Every school - buck up and install metal detectors!PARENTS: - if your child's teacher is not up to running, etc (elderly)... ask if YOU can teach quick exits - candy makes it fun and if practiced often, very effective.  Demand your school has drills.  Demand your teachers do extra.May this never happen to any parent, I feel only sorrow - ...I couldn't imagine losing "my" students when I was a teacher - I know I can't imagine the infinitesimal pain these families are going through. May they find peace - although I don't know how.5 votes#1.278 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:38 PM ESTRincewindoneslackr and bryan,I'm not sure what those statistics mean to you, are what point you are trying to make, but here is what I see:Despite a 50% increase in NIC checks over the last 6 years, the ratio of murder by gun to other forms of murder has held steady at 68%, while we've had 16% drop in the death rate (either way) in the same amount of time. So you have a 100% greater chance of being shot to death as killed with all other methods combined -- note that vehicular homicide (drunk driver) is included in these death statistics.  Since you didn't list the other methods individually, I can't do a comparison of say, stabbing vs. shot vs. drunk driver vs. smothered, etc.  But I think the statistics you gave speak fairly clearly.2 votes#1.279 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:39 PM ESTmguy-478ProIndividualThe problem is that these nuts who do mass shotting almost always choose  no-gun zones to attack, because it's not going to go over well at  places where guns are allowed. How many mass shotings happen at gun  ranges or police stations?Fort Hood would like to speak to you about your retarded theory.And if you think guns will stop people from shooting at other people, you should probably talk to gang members... see how "peaceful" they are towards other gangs who they KNOW are armed.1 vote#1.280 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:39 PM ESTRon B-2757074Antistupidity, I know that a mall or a theater is not a gun free zone in every state. I have a license to carry and am well aware that laws differ from state to state. I am also certain that the individuals who carried out those shootins were aware that they were entering gun free zones when they planned their attacks.Sarah, My point is this. There are many psychos with grudges against cops. Some will shoot a single cop during a traffic stop to satisfy their need/desire to kill a cop. But, you never see these psychos go into a station and begin shooting because they know they will be shot quickly in return. They will not be able to cause misery to dozens of families if they die in a hail of gunfire before they can carry out their assault. The threat of cops arriving is inconsequential because of the lengthy reponse time. The psycho has a great deal of time to carry out an attack before cops arrive. Even after cops arrive there is no immediate threat to the shooter because cops don't just storm into these places. How many gunshots were fired in Columbine and Virginia Tech while the cops were outside trying to assess the situation and get their $hit together? Trained and licensed faculty, or a permanent armed police presence, who have ready access to a firearm could be armed and prepared to defend themselves and their students in a matter of seconds.1 vote#1.281 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:40 PM ESTFedupwithFedRyan told police that Adam has a history of mental illness, according to the senior official. So WHEN are we going to address MENTAL HEALTH ISSUES???????????Why do they keep cutting funding for mental health?http://www.nami.org/Template.cfm?Section=state_budget_cuts_reportMany patients are given medications with little or NO counseling!  No one is making sure they are TAKING medications!  THIS is what happens when mentally unstable people get their hands on guns...it has nothing to do with guns!  Look at the 22 children stabbed at a school in China today!  Do we ban all knives too???http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-207239103 votes#1.282 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:40 PM ESTIWonder-932455Um sailcat, four people were stabbed, this week, in a house in my small home town. Stabbed, as WITH A KNIFE. Should you be so simplistic?4 votes#1.283 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:40 PM ESTSarah-3043284Ron,I think having an armed POLICE OFFICER in every school is a great idea.IWonder,Um sailcat, four people were stabbed, this week, in a house in my small home town. Stabbed, as WITH A KNIFE. Should you be so simplistic?And 20 children were SHOT, as in WITH A GUN. We can discuss rampage knifings if you would like, but knife control may be a bit more difficult, what with all the steak to cut.Other forms of murder, do not negate the necessity for a solution, both long term and short term, to gun violence.2 votes#1.284 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:45 PM ESTProIndividual-3906907Fort Hood would like to speak to you about your retarded theory.Incorrect...he struck in a place on base where no one was allowed to be armed except MPs who were far away.And it still wouldn't hurt my theory as it happens FAR LESS in places that guns are allowed, and FAR MORE where guns are not allowed. Reread what I wrote.Also, drug gangs kill over drugs. Guns are not causal, simply corrolary. I pointed that out too. Anytime you have drugs prohibited, whether alchol or weed or crack, gun deaths increase drastictally. Up to 70% of gun murders in the USA are drug related.So what can we get from all these stats?Population matters, as does other factors besides guns themselves:The whole story is told in the percentage chance a gun owner will murder with a gun - USA is .026%, Canada is .0012%, and England's is .0022%.As you can see, Canada has a higher rate of ownership of guns and more total guns than England, and yet has a LOWER gun owner murder rate than England! That means it isn't guns that are the factor making England murder more. So why is Canada so low, while England is nearly double that? Why is the USA more than 10 times higher than England?All of this is adjusted for population and total guns in society...so what is the factor making us so much more prone to murder (even if it is a tiny threat overall to life) here in the USA?THE DRUG WAR.In England they have a drug war, but they do not focus on possession. Meanwhile we lock up nonviolent criminals at the almost the exact same rate as violent ones in America. Canada has legal marijuana in some areas, and has for years, and takes a very relaxed attitude toward drug use in general (although they have laws which are largely unenforced).Just like during the Prohibition of alcohol, murder rates have soared under the Drug War. So has our incarcertations and incarcertation rates...we now lock up more people in total than any other country in the world (yes, even the vastly more populated China and India)! That's total and per capita! "Land of the Free"? Think again. "Land of the prisoner" is more accurate. We arrested more than 800,000 people last year for just marijuana! 86% of those arrests were for small amounts; simple possession misdemeanor charges. It's not only tyrannical, it's a waste of resources which fuels a black market run by criminals, and takes resources away from fighting actual violent crime like theft, property damage, assault, rape, child abuse, and murder.This War on Drugs (and personal adult freedom) has given us the street gang phenomenon on the scales we see today. Chicago alone has dozens of separate drug gangs. They also have a high murder rate to go along with super-strict gun control in comparison to other cities...because guns aren't the problem, the Drug War is.In Honduras where gun murders are most common and horribly frequent, they have gun rights...but they also have a country which is a main thoroughfaire for the illegal drug trade. By comparison, Uruguay has almost the same gun ownership rates as the USA and the same gun rights as well, yet they have a lower gun murder rate because they have no war on drugs. In fact, their govt is seriously considering selling marijuana to its citizens to get the drug trade completely above-board!If you want our rate of murder to decrease via guns you don't take away guns, you end the Drug War. If you have any doubts about this go look at the murder rates after alcohol Prohibition began, and then after it ended. Also look at countries that have already ended their Drug Wars.Crime rates in Prohibition rose immediately 78%, 24% in just one year from 1920-1921.http://library.thinkquest.org/04oct/00492/Crime_Rate.htmThe murder rate was cut in nearly half, from 6 per 100,000 to 10 per 100,000 when Prohibition ended. This was directly caused by the repeal of Prohibition in 1933.HYPERLINK "http://www.cato.org/publications/policy-analysis/alcohol-prohibition-was-failure">http://www.cato.org/publications/policy-analysis/alcohol-prohibition-was-failure"http://www.cato.org/publications/policy-analysis/alcohol-prohibition-was-failureSo I implore you...look at the stats rationally and logically. Think of why guns don't seem to be the direct cause of gun murders largely, when population, gun ownership, and chances of being killed are accounted for. Why does it appear that drug laws are the driving factor? You should be able, if you are truly open-minded, to come to the following conclusions: 1. Guns are not a major relative threat to life even now in the USA. They kill about 1/3 as many people annually as the simple flu virus. You'd need to be almost 3 times more afraid of the flu than guns, if you were being rational.2. Even though gun murder is low threat to life, it is still WAY too high when compared with most other countries, apples to apples.3. The Drug War is in fact the cause of our widespread gun violence...not guns themselves.Although this mall shooting and some other recent mass shottings are not necessarily drug related, the major bulk of all gun murders are (somewhere between 60-70%). Freedom comes with risks...you cannot get perfect safety, or the very govt you want safety from will become the new threat to you. Some murders will occur, but that is the price of everyone else's (the VAST majority's) freedoms being respected. Gun bans and gun control has had little effect...the most serious factor is the Drug War. I feel for the families of victims. I myself have carried several caskets of friends who were shot to death. But i lived in drug infested neighbrohood, and although not every dead friend was in the drug trade, even the innocent ones were shot as innocent bystanders in drug turf altercations between violent drug dealers (not all dtrug dealers are violent though, to be fair). The other 30-40% of gun murders in this country that are not drug related are dominated by domestic dipsutes...which no psychologist can guarantee wouldn't have ended in murder anyways had there been no gun present. The root cause of those crimes are violence against women (whether the man or woman was the murderer). That is another pervasive problem in our society. The very tiny minority of gun murders are mass shottings and just plain whackjobs who shoot someone in an argument.And I'd point out one last thing. The FBI says that 750,000 crimes are foiled per year by guns. If only 2% of those cases are cases where a single life is saved (or 1% of them saves on average 2 lives, alternatively, et cetera), then no less than 15,000 lives are SAVED by guns a year, and that is more than the 13,000 overestimate I gave for lives taken by them via murder. That means at minimum, lowball estimate, guns are a NET GAIN of life, not a net loss. I'd also point out that's a very low estimate by me to make a point. The Clinton Administration did a study that said 2 million lives a year were saved by firearms...but I even think that's too high. I'd say tens of thousands to a hundred thousand may be a fairer estimate (an amalgam of all the studies I've seen and read). But regardless, guns save more lives then they take, and that's what is important to my point here.I know some people's minds will never change, and I can already hear the ad hominems coming my way. But facts are facts, and they need to be analyzed rationally and logically, not based on particular ideological beliefs, partisan talking points, or based on emotions.I did all the above math myself in about an hour while using Bing search engine and the stats come from the CDC, DOJ, FBI, and various international sources. I am not a member or supporter of the NRA (I dislike their racist history as a person of color), but I do support gun rights. Please keep your ad hominems, argumentum ad populums, and insults to yourselves. THINK about what I'm telling you here.4 votes#1.285 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:46 PM ESTmguy-478RonTrained and licensed faculty, or a permanent armed police presence, who  have ready access to a firearm could be armed and prepared to defend  themselves and their students in a matter of seconds.You think that's free? You know what that is called? SPENDINGYou ready to pay for it?2 votes#1.286 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:47 PM ESTRon B-2757074It may be a great idea but it still makes citizens sheep who need a guard dog around to protect them from wolves. A guard dog is nice, but I would prefer if the sheep had fangs and claws as well.It just reinforces the notion that we are taught from an early age. "There is never a good reason to fight. Let the authorities handle it", we are taught, that is why school attacks and the terrorist attacks on 9/11 were so successful. We are raised as victims who need to be protected by our government. We should have the fundamental right to protect ourselves at all times. If a teacher wishes to be licensed to have a firearm in school then he/she should be allowed, provided they pass appropriate background tests (although they likely wouldn't be allowed to teach if they couldn't pass a background check).1 vote#1.287 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:04 PM ESTIWonder-932455Ah me sarah, you are just not getting it and I am not the worlds best communicator but I will give it a shot, will you try to meet me half way?Would you agree that the fellow who killed these kids was crazy? Would you agree that the mall shooter was nuts? Would you agree that the red headed fellow was not all there? How about the one who shot gabby? The one at fort hood?What is the common denominator? Is it insanity? Is there anything that we can do about it?Would it make sense to enlist the folks who treat psychos as their profession? I have no answers but does it not make more sense to try to get to the root of the problem, rather than slapping on a bandaid?4 votes#1.288 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:05 PM ESTSailcat-2064101Should you be so simplistic?The thousands of people who have died this year due to handgun violence would argue that it isn't at all simplistic.3 votes#1.289 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:06 PM ESTEd-NavDocFirst and foremost, my absolute and sincere condolences to the parents, families, friends and loved ones who lost someone today in this totally senseless tragedy.I've read a lot of posts here today, mostly from anti-gunners, and almost none of anyone posting said anything about the human element of what happened. Everybody, even for just one day, put aside your bickering blame games and concentrate on those poor innocent children and school staff lost today along with all their families and friends. That should not be too much to ask.3 votes#1.290 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:09 PM ESTmguy-478ProIndividualYour "answer" is completely unreasonable. There will ALWAYS be places where there are fewer guns. Your goal to get a gun into EVERY SINGLE HAND is unrealistic... it will not happen.You think teachers, who spend their life trying to educate children, will be able to react fast enough in a stressful situation like that? What, you think every teacher will turn into a f***ing action movie star when that happens? These people spend their lives educating children and dealing with name-calling, not combat.And what of teachers who do not want guns in their classroom, do you FORCE them to buy one? Or do you require us taxpayers pay for all those guns? And who pays for all this training? Schools can not even afford new text books, so where the F*** is the money for guns and proper training going to come from? Don't you want to cut education?Hell, maybe you can hire a private security company... just make sure to charge the parents and not the taxpayers. Then parents can pay a "protection fee" when they send their kids to school. "You want your kid protected, it'll cost ya. Big Tony ova here will make sure yo kid don't get shot, as long as you pay. Capiche?"2 votes#1.291 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:11 PM ESTIWonder-932455Sadly, it seems only too common for people to jump on anything that fits their agenda, including the president. Why can't we try to get to the source of the problem.3 votes#1.292 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:16 PM ESTcommonsense53First of all my prayers and sympathy goes out to the parents, siblings, and family and friends of those innocent victims of this tragedy.Now I have a thought that I have not heard discussed today.  With the current confidentiality health care laws would a health care professional be aloud to voice their concern about a patient that they believe could be a risk to themselves or others.   If so who are they aloud to contact and not get sued?  I'll bet they can't do it without getting sued.   The fact is they can't which no brings us to this type of tragedy.  It is not the guns its is the person that commits the crime and tragedy and I suspect that there are people out there that suspected this could happen with this guy and never said a thing.These guns today were bought and registered to the mother of this monster.  So here goes the registration argument.  This guy would never have a back ground checks since he did not buy the weapons.  Monsters will find a way to inflect mayhem.  If you don't thinks so look at the middle east. I wonder why did the mother, a teacher, think that she needed these kinds of weapons in here house?  Something flipped this guy over the edge and we may never really know the truth. 2 votes#1.293 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:16 PM ESTSarah-3043284IWONDER,The common dominater wasn't just insanity. It was insanity, with a gun in its hands.5 votes#1.294 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:19 PM ESTSailcat-2064101Gun owners need to undergo a strict training regimen and a battery of tests in order to qualify as a gun owner. They need to know how to operate and store their weapons and ammunition safely and securely. They need to know all state and federal laws as they pertain to firearms. Applicants who fail to pass the tests or are deemed unfit to possess weapons by the trainers should be denied the opportunity to own a weapon and any weapons already in the possession of the applicant must be confiscated. If, however, an applicant passes the training and testing process, they must undergo regular testing and training updates to ensure they continue to maintain a broad understanding of the responsibilities of gun ownership. This is roughly what people must do get and keep a drivers license. We must do no less for gun ownership.3 votes#1.295 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:20 PM ESTRon B-2757074ProIndividual,A well stated and rational position. I would agree with your theory.1 vote#1.296 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:22 PM ESTRon B-2757074Sailcat,I don't need a license to own a car. I need a license to drive a car. I don't need a license to own a gun. I need a license to carry a gun.I can drive vehicles on my property and not need a license. A license is required to drive on public roads.4 votes#1.297 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:25 PM ESTIWonder-932455I am an old maintenance man sarah, and from vast experience, I will tell you that it is best to fix one thing at a time. Once you have eliminated the basic problem, you normally discover that it was the only problem.Let's say that you fall off a tall building and splatter on the street below, was it because of gravity? Or you fall in the lake and drown, was it the water's fault?5 votes#1.298 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:25 PM ESTTheKhanKublaI would have to say that this shooting was worse than the one at VA Tech, at least those were all adults, these were children.Besides guns the other thing that nearly all of these school shootings have had in common are that these shooters spent their childhood on one of those behavior controlling drugs - the ones that the schools force parents to make their kids take or don't allow them in school.When I was a kid going to school, parents and teachers took the time to correct behavior in children without the use of drugs and there were no school shootings. There were guns in people's homes back then and fewer laws constraining the types of guns people could own, so there were more powerful guns owned - there were just none of these behavioral drugs. Of course, there are so many drugs and chemicals in our foods these days that unbalance the brain that I guess it seems logical to throw more drugs at the problem.  But, I guess no one wants to take a look at this possibility even though it seems so blatant and obvious with so many of these people who've done these shootings having also been on these types of behavioral drugs.  No, instead, focus the attention on something else and maybe put a band aid on that instead.  The truth is, there is too much money being made off of these drugs to stop using them - it'd put someone out of work.  The same can be said for the gun industry.  So, it looks like we'll just have to live with horrific deaths such as this for the time being.#1.299 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:27 PM ESTSarah-3043284IWONDER,I'm a young social worker and law student, and I've learned that although we can do better in our addressing of mental health, it is systemic, medical, and will never be "fixed". Therefore, there will always be crazy people, and if you truly want to protect the second amendment, than we need to come up with a way to keep guns out of the hands of the inevitable crazy people.5 votes#1.300 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:29 PM ESTEd-NavDocSailcat, I am a responsible gun owner and I already underwent such training. It's called 20 years in the U.S. Navy and two wars. Was qualified expert with the Beretta 9mm pistol and sharpshooter with the M-14 rifle. Requalified several times over the years. Nuff said!1 vote#1.301 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:32 PM ESTtheboysThere has always been unstable people in the world.  A classmate's sister, then about 15, was sexually assaulted and then killed after trying to help a young man previously incarcetrated for sexual deviance.  He stopped at their farm to ask directions.  That death has stayed with me my entire life which is now is over 60 years.  He didn't need a gun, he just strangled her to death. When I was a kid, the black woman that cared for me, was shot in the head by her angry black husband.  That death changed my life. No many years ago, I was sitting at a light when two young black boys with big hand guns were shooting at each other.  The one rested his hand on the hood of my car as he took aim. Yup, I really hate what guns can do. This isn't a liberal or conservative issue, but I would say it is a rural vs city issue.  Those not raised around fire arms often needed on a farm, are a lot less likely to understand why any gun is needed at all. So we have always had nuts, always had guns, and yet these sort of sensational killings are becoming too common.  Why? Could it be the light of media.  Did this sick kid decide to go out big?  So do the worst possible to get the most attention even though in the end he is dead too?  His name lives on. Those killers that survive, what is their punishment?  Maybe that is the trouble. Maybe the punishment is too easy. I do know this for sure.  The bad guys will always get the gun they need.  It might take a bit longer, but they will eventually get access to one.  In this case, the mother legally owned the gun as is reported.  Did she know he was that troubled?  Did she keep the guns to protect herself? Let's pray for the families and bless those that survived and RIP those that have been taken. 2 votes#1.302 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:32 PM ESTRobert-2302414Ben Franklin said it best-"Anyone who will give up freedom for a little security, deserves neither and will lose both." Gun control does not work. When they outlaw guns, only outlaws and lunatics will have guns.7 votes#1.303 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:34 PM ESTAvenger-2464988Our society is failing. Plain and simple. I was raised on a farm. We had firearms of all kinds. we learned how to use them safely and for intended purpose. In fact I would guess that more people per capita had a weapon in thier homes 100 years ago than today. Why were there not mass killings back then ? To me the problem is not the weapon it is the person behind the weapon and the society that raised that person. We live in a time that is filled with the glorified representation of the taking of human life. In additon with the news media covering so much killing around the world we tend to hold less and less value on life. When you are expossed to something over and over it becaome more and more normal whether is is right or wrong . Many video games are so intense and the purpose is to kill people not some ficticious charactor. The moral fiber of this country is dying IMO and until we address that decline, no amount of gun control or training or preperation will stop things like we saw happen today. We are so interested in advancing our own personal freedoms and rights that we have turned our backs on what is good for us all as a society.3 votes#1.304 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:38 PM ESTGod of FateThis is getting ridiculous. Shooting after shooting, tragedy after tragedy. When are we going to learn?DID WE NOT JUST HAVE THE OREGON MALL SHOOTING A FEW DAYS AGO? NOW ONLY THREE DAYS LATER OUR KIDS ARE GETTING SHOT UP IN CONNECTICUT? HOW LONG ARE WE GOING TO STAND BY AND MAKE EXCUSES?Something has to be done. For all those who think guns don't kill, what on earth do you think they were made to do? Throw parties? It's true that people kill with or without guns. Of course it is also true that guns help people kill. Guns are the deadliest handheld weapon we have ever made. We seriously need to consider gun reform. Now before you gun freaks jump all ugly on me, I'm not saying to take away your second amendment. You can still have guns. We just need to be a lot smarter about our gun laws and how we enforce them. No it will not stop every murder, or even every shooting incident. But we seriously need to reform our gun culture so that tragedies like this, which are picking up in frequency, occur much less.Or are we going to let those poor people, and those poor kids, die without doing a thing like so many victims before them? Will we keep making excuses, while more and more tragedies and death result in increasingly common attacks? Will we continue to make excuses for not going through gun reform, and allow events like this to continue to get more and more common due to our ignorance? It has to stop. If this doesn't qualify as gone too far to continue to deny it, then what does? It shouldn't take tragedies like this for us to change, but we had darn well better change if we want to cut the number of tragedies like this down.3 votes#1.305 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:39 PM ESTjrsquidI do not own any guns and never needed them or felt the need to protect myself with a gun, BUT I do believe every law abiding citizen should be able to own one. Millions of people own guns yet a few commit crimes using a gun, and fewer stop crimes with a gun. On the flip side: everyone argues and some arguments become so heated that eventually a irresponsible person will produce a gun. That is a statistic that just happens due to irresponsible behavior, which is comparable to drunk driving. Having an armed guard at schools will minimize the amount of deaths but will not solve the problem. As bad as this tragedy is there will be another day that this is going to happen. In response to Queenies post: mam forget Jesus he can't protect anyone......peeps need 2 protect themselves....don't u know that 2 hands at work will accomplish more than 100 clasped in prayer.....Two hands at work didn't do sh*t either! Very inconsiderate of you.2 votes#1.306 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:42 PM ESTBlack Kettle & Sand Creek...lest we forgetCollapse away - but realize that I think people, not necessarily guns are the problem.Today I asked for an appointment with a doctor, because I was a "new patient," I have to wait until mid-January.  OK, I understand. What if we had mandatory interviews with Psychologists/Psychologists for people who want a gun.  I'm not anti-gun but checking a box does not make a person "non-psychotic" during a three day waiting person. Interviews would be paid for by the gun "want-er," and they would have to pay for it (the Dr.'s time)... I'm  not saying it will stop all bad people from having a gun, but - if it gave a better semblance of who could and who couldn't "maybe" that would help.  PS: Feds & Cops - you still need to do the background check that IS REQUIRED - don't pretend you all do!6 votes#1.307 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:42 PM ESTIWonder-932455Ah sarah, we haven't met but I will give you credit for trying to meet me half way. You have my respect. My daughter is a psychologist and probably about your age. She is brilliant and I think you are not so bad, either. Both of you have a lot to learn. I certainly don't know it all, but at my age, I'm not likely to learn it either. I will try to pass on any wisdom that I can, not that I am always right.I do not know about social workers but I know that psychologists have been burned too many times to allow their beliefs to become public knowledge.Yes, I know that we will never cure all insanity, but these outbreaks are not the norm. What is the trigger? If I was a people person, I would be trying to discover what it is. I'll bet that it is a real condition of cause and effect.6 votes#1.308 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:46 PM ESTSailcat-2064101I don't need a license to own a gun.That must change as soon as possible.5 votes#1.309 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:52 PM ESTRon B-2757074mguy478RonTrained and licensed faculty, or a permanent armed police presence, who  have ready access to a firearm could be armed and prepared to defend  themselves and their students in a matter of seconds.You think that's free? You know what that is called? SPENDINGYou ready to pay for it?Gee, cut back on the million dollar football stadiums in high schools (there was $1,000,000 spent on a press box alone in Killeen, TX) and it might be able to cover the less than $80,000 to have 2 full time armed police on premises per school year. Or, instead of spending $500,000,000 on a school, as was done in California, cut back a little on the extravagance and police could be afforded.2 votes#1.310 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:01 PM ESTDerek-381097By the way, I didn't mean to say that now is not the time for discussion.  But there's a difference between discussing and some of these posts which are pursuing personal agendas.   Those posts are self evident.  I'm just hoping people have a nice healthy dose of thinking about what to do as an answer together rather than what ideas should not be considered.  Plus, you know, I will just give you my opinion and impress again, think about the parents of the lost kids and what they might be going through.2 votes#1.311 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:03 PM ESTRon B-2757074Sailcat,It won't change unless the Constitution for the U.S. of A. is changed. I don't see that happening any time soon. Having a license doesn't stop stupidity, irresponsibility or crazy behavior. If being licensed did stop these things then we wouldn't have thousands of drunk driving related deaths each year.3 votes#1.312 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:07 PM ESTSarah-3043284Derek,Well said.IWONDER,I thank you for meeting me 1/2 way, as well. And, I DO respect the wisdom that comes with age. Especially when one has the wisdom to admit they probably won't learn anything else, lol. As a people person, I wonder too about the triggers. How does this happen? It's beyond my comprehension. At least for the moment. ;)2 votes#1.313 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:08 PM ESTmguy-478Gee, cut back on the million dollar football stadiums in high schools  (there was $1,000,000 spent on a press box alone in Killeen, TX)Ron,You think Republicans will cut back on their football?Even better, you think Texas Republicans will cut back on high school football?Ok... I didn't realize we were living in a fantasy world and coming up with ideas that will NEVER happen. In that case, why don't we attach force fields that repel bullets to every child?Actually, THAT idea is more likely to happen before yours does.1 vote#1.314 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:10 PM ESTSailcat-2064101It won't change unless the Constitution for the U.S. of A. is changed. Not true. There is nothing contained in the Second Amendment that says gun ownership cannot be licensed and regulated. Nor is there anything in the 2nd Amendment that says the unfettered ownership of assault rifles, .50 cal sniper rifles, large caliber handguns, and other pointless toys should be allowed any more than the ownership of machine guns is allowed. All it takes is responsible legislation and one little supreme court ruling. That's all.3 votes#1.315 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:13 PM ESTclwyd-2621393I think a life is more important than any right as the right to life takes president. What the heck was the kids mother doing with 4 guns in the house with a son with mental problems?More Amendments needed and the Constitution needs to be re-written to make it apply to America today not America of 300 years ago and the Wild Frontier!1 vote#1.316 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:16 PM ESTRobert in OregonCoCo-1551796 wrote:" ...Obama went to Michigan and revved up the Union protestors. The union persons were extremely violent beating other persons tearing down a tent that had a leagal permit with women and people in wheelchairs inside putting their lives at risk. Several congressmen approved of this behavior along with the president. They shouted there will be blood shed and today there was. When country leaders approve of violence to get their way, right or wrong, mentally unstable people feel they have the green light to do their own violence."CoCo, please try to bring your partisanship in check. The president did not approve of any violent behavior. No congressman approved of violent behavior. The protests in Michigan by Union members and supporters of worker's collective bargaining rights, ...and the counter-protests by supporters of the Republican legislation in the state assembly ...did not lead to this horrific event in Connecticut today anymore than they led to the mass shooting at a shopping mall in my own state, earlier this week (although I also saw that claimed by posts similar to yours).The boogeyman that you visualize in the Oval Office, that you see as the root of all evil and the source of all of the ills of our society, does not exist. That boogeyman is a figment of your own imagination, and is a fabrication of the media voices whom you choose to listen to, and who guide, and influence and reinforce your own thinking. Turn off the broadcast media, and seek some balance in your reading and thinking. Expand your information sources. Your post above -- connecting completely disconnected events in order to support your own outcomes (conclusions)  -- suggests "motivated reasoning." You might want to do some reading about forms of cognitive dissonance, and if you recognize anything seek some counselling.CoCo, President Obama has never approved of violence, nor has he ever approved of violent protest. Try really hard to see the world as it actually is, rather than through the comparitively foggy lenses of partisanship.2 votes#1.317 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:22 PM ESTIWonder-932455So, why are these people going nuts? Is it despair? History shows that it is not the norm.With the internet, it should be simple to put our finger on it. Is it worse by eras and if so, why? Is it by presidential terms? Congressional terms? Wartime? Peacetime?Seems like it has been worse during obama's tenure but my memory is not too good. If it is true, then why? If there is something the government is doing that makes us crazier than normal, can we change it?I remember the guy at the university of texas, the one at Luby's. What was the political environment at the time? How hard would it be to find out. I'll wager that somewhere there is a psychologist, smirking, because he is stunned by our stupidity.2 votes#1.318 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:23 PM ESTclwyd-2621393I wonder,   The trigger for the two mass killings here in Wisconsin was the nut case governor Wacko Walker's push for"Conceal and Carry!":  Nothing like this had happened before until his NRA sponsored law.  Since it was enacted we've also had two unarmed young people executed by a man who felt threatened  when he found them in his home.  A boy was shot and killed when a homeowner felt threatened and went outside and shot the boy who was hiding under his porch!   Walker should be charged with murder or a part of it!2 votes#1.319 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:25 PM ESTclwyd-2621393proindividual,  I will never own a gun, never allow one in my house, never never never. I wouldn't let my cousin bring one in in her suitcase.  She was so stubborn and insisted she had 2nd Amendment rights. I told her she did and she could sleep in a motel.  The stubborn gal did!  I was pleased with my rights! We need to take them away from people and to heck with the 2nd Amendment!3 votes#1.320 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:32 PM ESTclwyd-2621393proindividual,  I will never own a gun, never allow one in my house, never never never. I wouldn't let my cousin bring one in in her suitcase.  She was so stubborn and insisted she had 2nd Amendment rights. I told her she did and she could sleep in a motel.  The stubborn gal did!  I was pleased with my rights! We need to take them away from people and to heck with the 2nd Amendment!1 vote#1.321 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:32 PM ESTNick BirkeConsider it took 319 posts for people to realize they were all responding to a simple notion thrown up.1 vote#1.322 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:33 PM ESTSailcat-2064101Seems like it has been worse during obama's tenurePretty scummy attempt to blame Obama for this tragedy, IWonder, but your kind rarely refuses an opportunity to stoop to sub-basement levels to blame an innocent third party for things like this. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised, though.5 votes#1.323 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:34 PM ESTclwyd-2621393I wonder,   Things are worse under Obama's administration because so many right wing republican nut governors have enacted "Conceal and Carry" so that there are a lot more guns having been sold.  Also, our Wisconsin governor tried to get the law passed without any training.  Thank goodness the Att. General over ruled the crack pot!4 votes#1.324 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:37 PM ESTIWonder-932455Hi clwyd post #319. We don't often agree but I'll say that you may be onto something. Take your personal politics out of it, then make a case for the impact of the government on the common man's stability.This kind of thinking is what's needed to get a handle on theses crazies.Nope sailcat, I don't clain to have a photographic memory, do you remember any terms of any president that were worse?3 votes#1.325 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:39 PM ESTGod of Fate@ IWonder, it is simply too easy for a mentally unstable individual to get their hands on a gun. We need gun reform, and a good part of that need is because of the first thing I said here. For example, I have a few steps that could be taken which are similar to what we have today, but slightly different:1. Make it so that owning guns requires licenses, but better ones than the gun licenses today. See below...2. Make it so that a person must pass a background check on their criminal record, as well as a psychological test on their mental health in order to qualify for any gun license. And they must have that background check and mental stability test as a means of getting said license regardless of if they've been tested it before or not.3. The license should not be automatically good for life, but renewed every few years or so. It sounds obvious, but mental health and criminal records change. The catch here is that with every license renewal, new background checks and mental health tests must be done in order to re-qualify.This is just an example of a slightly better system (and very similar one) to what we have today, but how much more effective it could be by upping the anti on background checks and mental health tests. Stuff like this might go a long way to preventing at least some of the tragedies like this. Personally, I don't want someone with major depression, bi-polar, or schizophrenia walking around with a gun. That probably wouldn't end well. Nor do I want former murderers walking around with guns. Just some examples of disqualifying factors. Now I realize this would not solve everything or necessarily be the most optimal way to help solve this issue. We probably should also regulate things like gun sales a little better. But it is only meant to be one example of a ton of options we have with gun reform.2 votes#1.326 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:44 PM ESTBob James-7423676Maybe this could have been stopped, if an arm guard was standing in the shooters way of getting in that school. But cities can't protect kids in there class rooms because a good part of the money is spent on paying blotted retirement plans for teachers. Do you think that the teachers unions around the country will pay for protection of the children in the schools they represent. I think not they will spend more money to buy off a school board too run the school system the way they see it. I wounder how many more more kids have to be killed before you boot unions out of schools.1 vote#1.327 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:50 PM ESTED-2874315The fact is that it is many times easier to kill someone (or a lot of people) with a gun than with anything else. Including bombs by the way. (there is an access and knowledge barrier for bombs) Guns are easy.1 vote#1.328 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:51 PM ESTIWonder-932455Whether things are worse under this president or that, is not significant. The significance is whether there is something about the presidents that triggers insanity and if it is, can it be changed? Or congress, or sports, or movies, or whatever.I am not trying to solve the worlds problems, I'm just throwing out some ideas that might help a little.2 votes#1.329 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:52 PM ESTGod of Fate^ It's the polarized party bias in the media, if that's what you are getting at. Other than that, I think your barking up the wrong tree.1 vote#1.330 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:55 PM ESTSailcat-2064101Maybe this could have been stopped, if an arm guard was standing in the shooters way of getting in that school. More to the point, the woman who owned the weaponry this disturbed young man appropriated should have had them under lock and key along with the ammunition. Simple precautions can go a long way in preventing tragic consequences. The gun owner should be prosecuted for criminal negligence at the very least.3 votes#1.331 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:58 PM ESTJ R BrowensteinMark from Bridgeport@RonB from Pittsburgh1. No new guns in this country for civilian use for a generation. You can buy and sell existing guns. Law-abiding gun owners will take care of theirs. Criminals will tend not to, and will tend to have theirs confiscated when they are arrested. At the end of a generation, very few criminals will have or be able to get guns.For the life of me, I can't understand why some people delusionally think that gun laws will do much of anything to keep guns out of the hands of criminals who want them.1 vote#1.332 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:59 PM ESTRon B-2757074Ed,Bombs are easy to make and don't require a lot of knowledge or special access. Just ask Timothy McVeigh, if he weren't dead.2 votes#1.333 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:59 PM ESTRon B-2757074RonB from Pittsburgh,1. No new guns in this country for civilian use for a generation.I guess you haven't heard that smuggling is rampant in every country in the world including ours. You can never keep guns out of this country. Criminals will always be able to get one if they really want one.3 votes#1.334 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:05 PM ESTTheKhanKubla@God of Fate - Here's the only problem with what you are saying and this shooting.  I found this out by reading stories from other news networks.  The shooter did not own any of the guns used in this killing spree.  The guns were actually owned by his mother.  So with her being the one who purchased these guns, even if she did have to get a license and had to renew it every few years, it would have been meaningless in this instance since she wasn't the one who used the guns in these killings.I also found out that the shooter was suffering from some sort of mental disorder, nothing more than that is being reported yet so I don't know specifically what his disorder was or what it involved.  Obviously it's not something severe enough for him to be institutionalized since he was walking around free on his own.  Most likely his disorder was treated or over-treated with drugs as has been becoming more and more common.What I think, everyone should have trigger locks on their guns when they are not in use or on your person and the key that opens those locks should be on your person if you are a gun owner - especially if you have young children in the home or as in this case, someone who is suffering from some mental disorder.2 votes#1.335 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:06 PM ESTJ R BrowensteinI don't understand why it doesn't occur to people that the right to own arms is guaranteed by the Constitution...asking people to be evaluated as to whether or not they are mentally competent to own a gun is absolutely no different than asking that people be evaluated as to whether or not they are mentally competent to vote.  They are both unalienable rights guaranteed by the Bill of Rights and if you can require people to be "competent" to own a gun then I think people should be required to be "competent" to cast a vote.I think making people pass an IQ test to vote would be infinitely more beneficial to society than pass an IQ test to own a gun.....4 votes#1.336 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:08 PM ESTAmanda-2017567Sarah said:Good point. There is no national database to track purchases such as this. If this guy is buying from numerous places, there's no way to know. I imagine he could be using more than one finger printing system, also.If he's buying from multiple dealers, there would be no way for the individual dealer in each state to know how many this guy actually has.And while the computer systems used for taking the fingerprints are pretty much the same, he could be going to other companies like mine and getting fingerprint cards for different states. The cards he got for the two neighboring states are only the ones I know about but it is likely that he could have gotten more from other places. One other thing to note here is that he has given me a couple of different addresses--one for our municipality for the three sets of electronic-only prints I gave him, but when he asked for the fingerprint cards he gave me an address in the next state--said it was his Dad's address and he has some mail sent there. I did a quick Google search for him, turned up an astonishingly small internet footprint (for a self-proclaimed 'serious' gun hobbyist--but he did have a Facebook page marked private that I couldn't view because I'm not a Facebook member--and don't intend to become one ever.Just one more way we could implement rational reform. In the meantime, I'd report it to your superior. Perhaps there's an internal system of dealing with this?If I had my way, anyone wanting to purchase a restricted firearm would have to go to a police station to be fingerprinted--the option of going to private companies like mine would be eliminated. I'd also make out-of-state sales restricted to anyone without military ID or a valid, government-licensed reason--if you are a hobbyist as this guy told me he is, you travel to the state that the gun is in or you support your local economy and small business by buying in-state. I also support the President's 2009 initiative--that dealers be required to report mass sales of specific restricted firearms to one customer in one sale. What legitimate reason would one have to buy 12 Bushmaster hunting rifles in one transaction, then come back the next week and buy another twelve?That being said, I am the senior technician for our location (we have a few other locations at which we fingerprint exclusively for our municipality's schools and government employees, mine is the only location available to the public.) We've never had something like this happen before in our almost seven years of providing fingerprinting services, and our CEO, who would normally be the one to take questions like this to, is an NRA member and I don't know how he'd react if I came to him with this. I can't risk losing my job, but I will have to say that this guy really REALLY worries me. It's not even that he's getting a restricted firearm--we print plenty of those, my most recent client was a military MP and an ATF employee--but this many restricted firearm purchases in this short a span of time just creeps me out.I wonder if I could take it to our CEO under the assumption that I want to make sure we're not liable for not reporting it if he goes postal and shoots someone? You know every time one of these shootings happen and the weapons are found to be legal the public always wonders 'why didn't anyone notice'? Well, in this case someone is noticing--and IF he goes postal, I don't know if I'd be able to live with myself thinking that there should have been something else I could have or should have done.2 votes#1.337 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:09 PM ESTTheKhanKubla@Sailcat - The gun owner can't be prosecuted since she is dead.  The gun owner is the teacher and mother of the shooter.2 votes#1.338 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:12 PM ESTTheKhanKublaWe can prevent people from bringing shampoo onto planes in their carry-on luggage but we can't prevent people from bringing guns into schools - does that seem right to you?6 votes#1.339 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:14 PM ESTSwan37Dear Jesus, please protect these little children... amen.Looks like Jesus was on vacation at the time. Or maybe it's simply the "will of god" as you guys like to say. One more reason not to believe in the fairy guy in the sky.1 vote#1.340 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:18 PM ESTRon B-2757074Sailcat,Not true. There is nothing contained in the Second Amendment that says gun ownership cannot be licensed and regulated.There is also nothing in the First Amendment that states free speech, freedom of the press or the rights of the people to peaceably assemble cannot be licensed and regulated. Yet, here you are, yapping about limiting the rights of gun ownership without being duly licensed or regulated to yap.Oh, and those pesky  words "shall not be infringed" show up in that Second Amendment but not in the First. 5 votes#1.341 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:20 PM ESTIWonder-932455"1. April 16, 2007: Virginia Tech campus in Blacksburg; 32 dead + shooter2. Oct. 16, 1991: Luby's Cafeteria, in Killeen, Tex.; 23 dead + shooter3. July 18, 1984: McDonald's restaurant in San Ysidro, Calif.; 21 dead + shooter4. Aug. 1, 1966: University of Texas at Austin; 16 dead + shooter5. Aug. 20, 1986: Post office in Edmond, Okla.; 14 dead + shooter6. April 20, 1999: Columbine High School in Littleton, Colo.; 13 dead + 2 shooters7. April 3, 2009: Immigration services center in Binghamton, N.Y.; 13 dead + shooter8. Nov. 5, 2009: Soldier Readiness Processing Center at Fort Hood, Texas; 13 dead9. Sept. 6, 1949: Camden, N.J.; 13 dead10. July 20, 2012: Movie theater in Aurora, Colo.; 12 dead"http://t.now.msn.com/newtown-school-shooting-ranks-among-the-worst-in-historyWell, I ran across a list. Anyone see anything that jumps out at you?Ah, I see, they're not all there.2 votes#1.342 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:22 PM ESTGod of Fate@ TheKahnKublaVery good points, but remember that was only supposed to be a small example of what could possibly be done. It isn't the only thing by any stretch that we could do to help prevent some of these things from happening. The mental instability is one of the things I was targeting with this particular example. However, you are right that the flaw in it is the fact that those weren't his guns. That is probably the single hardest thing to counter. I mean you can up the laws on gun negligence and such, but how do you enforce that before a tragedy occurs without getting too invasive? Now, I know that we can't solve every shooting tragedy before it happens. But if we can even prevent one, then in my mind it's worth it. And starting with restricting access from the mentally unstable would probably prevent a lot of them, although that's a hard thing to measure if they don't happen.2 votes#1.343 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:22 PM ESTJ R BrowensteinSarah-3043284IWONDER,I'm a young social worker and law student, and I've learned that although we can do better in our addressing of mental health, it is systemic, medical, and will never be "fixed". Therefore, there will always be crazy people, and if you truly want to protect the second amendment, than we need to come up with a way to keep guns out of the hands of the inevitable crazy people.The Second Amendment doesn't need protection.  It is a Constitutional guarantee that the government will respect and abide by the rights of citizens to own firearms.  It can only be changed by a Constitutional Amendment.  Any action by legislators or a president to infringe upon these rights is unconstitutional.After the past election season and the die-hard advocating of liberals to quash any attempt to implement a voter I.D. system to protect the authenticity of our election process as an intolerable trampling of individual rights, placing restrictions on gun ownership really is no different....nor should it be seen as any different. 5 votes#1.344 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:24 PM ESTGod of Fate@ IWonder, the shooter kills themselves after most of them. They always get the order wrong... It's hard to punish a dead person, that's for sure. I guess the only thing we can do is take proactive measures. As I've said before, we should also probably take a hard look at mental health.3 votes#1.345 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:27 PM ESTRon B-2757074God of Fate,There are already laws in place that prevent known mentally unstable people from purchasing firearms. To imply that every owner has to keep their gun under lock and key? A lot of good a gun does for protection if it's locked up when you need it.2 votes#1.346 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:28 PM ESTAmanda-2017567The Khan Kubla said:What I think, everyone should have trigger locks on their guns when they are not in use or on your person and the key that opens those locks should be on your person if you are a gun owner - especially if you have young children in the home or as in this case, someone who is suffering from some mental disorder.About a year ago my company was tinkering around with partnering with another company on developing a biometric lock for firearms of all types.A gun would be manufactured with a small biometric scanner, and an FBI-licensed technician would be the only one capable of programming it to only 'unlock' the gun when the scanner picked up it's owner's fingerprint. Only two fingerprints could be stored in the match memory at any one given time, and any attempt to remove the printlock would result in the gun becoming inoperable. If you bought one from someone, you'd have to take it to a technician to have it reprogrammed to accept your print. The technician would be the only one capable of reprogramming it because the programming codes would only accept an FBI programmer's license number.If your child were to get hold of it, his fingerprints would not match the printlock memory and it would not fire. If it were stolen the thief would have to take it to a programming technician to unlock it---and the serial number would be checked against a database of stolen firearms and the thief caught.If this going to eliminate all illegal shootings committed by illegal firearms? No. There will be someone out there who will pay a corrupt technician to reprogram a lock. But those would be hardcore criminals; this printlock would mainly be used to secure a civilian-owned weapon from the child who accidentally shoots another while playing with Daddy's gun, and people like this mother who legally owned them but had a mentally unstable son. It has the potential to cut down drastically the number of accident al shootings. I think parents who want to own one but really ARE worried about teir children getting hold of it would welcome this extra safety measure. We never got around to developing the technology, however....Just out of curiosity--how many of you reading this would buy a gun with this biometric lock? Or would support an initiative to develop this?1 vote#1.347 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:31 PM ESTJamie-2626566It saddens me to see that a lot of comments fail to mention the true cause of the crazy times we have come into.  Our society has embraced violence at a level never seen before! People can scream more gun control as loud as they want but it won't fix the cause of this behavior. I am a firm believer that the violent games and violent tv shows that children play/watch are messing up their realm of reality!  I sit back and watch children now and they act extremely different than they did even a decade ago.  The lack of discipline and irresponsible parents have destroyed our youth along with lack of values and Faith children are raised with.  The gun is just a means to complete what these monsters want to accomplish.  If it wasnt with a gun, it would be with another means. 3 votes#1.348 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:33 PM ESTGod of Fate@ Ron-B,Considering the number of mentally unstable people who have had access to guns with deadly consequences recently, I would think it would be common sense that those laws aren't working well enough. We should reform them so that they at least work better. That was my point you know. I even provided an example of how we could do it in an earlier comment.2 votes#1.349 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:34 PM ESTRobert in OregonIWonder-932455 wrote:"So, why are these people going nuts? Is it despair? History shows that it is not the norm......Seems like it has been worse during obama's tenure but my memory is not too good. If it is true, then why? If there is something the government is doing that makes us crazier than normal, can we change it?"Secret Service protection for Mr. Obama began in 2007,while he was still a US Senator. The first of many death threats was received shortly after he announced he would run for the Democratic nomination for President. Most of these threats originated from White Supremacist individuals and groups, or other racist groups. Many threats have also been directed at the First Lady, Mrs. Obama, and at the Obama's children.Since Mr. Obama was sworn into office in January of 2009, the rate of threats against the president investigated by the US Secret Service and the FBI has increased more than 400% from the roughly 3,000 a year or so during the two terms of President George W. Bush; to more than 12,000 per year, or approx. 33 threats per day  (according to Ronald Kessler, author of "In the President's Secret Service").'IWonder', you can answer your own question. Most intellectual questions (rhetorical or not) can't be easily answered with 'black or white' responses; but if my own extended family in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas is a paradigm for American thinking as a whole, ... this question is black or white for many Americans. Start with that core foundation of intolerance (and ignorant xenophobic fears), and add an endless amount of hate speech, and finger-pointing / blaming media rhetoric ...and over time you build a subset of individuals just emotionally unbalanced enough to actually act upon their reinforced hatreds and fears.These threats against Mr. Obama began nearly two years before he became president; two years before he ever enunciated a first-term presidential goal; two years before he clarified a Democratic Party platform plank or held any ability whatsoever to implement any presidential administration policy.So what was it about Mr. Obama that so inflamed hatred, almost six years ago, which was so virulent that individuals would begin coming out of the woodwork to make threats on his life and threats against his family which were considered serious enough as to require Secret Service protection of a newly declared presidential candidate? Members of my own extended family -- to my great shame and embarrassment -- would answer that question with thinly veiled "code words" attempting to conceal their racial intollerance (the same racial hatred and intolerant attitudes which drove my own parents to leave Oklahoma in 1950, and move to Oregon).Let me ask you a question, 'IWonder':   What sort of man lives with virulent hatred, directed toward him every day of his life, simply because of the color of his skin, ...and yet still decides to dedicate his life to public service; including serving all of those who hate him?  What sort of man awakens every morning knowing that there will be more than 30 new threats against his life today, and more than 30 new threats tomorrow, and more than 30 threats every single day for the next four years, and probably beyond, ...but gets out of bed in the morning and puts his faith in the US Secret Service to protect his beloved family and himself, ...and does his job on behalf of the American people?I happen to think that sort of man is pretty extraordinary and remarkable, regardless of whether I share his beliefs or agree with his policies. And I certainly hope that for his sake, and for the sake of his family, and for the sake of our nation, ...that the Secret Service never, ever has a bad day.2 votes#1.350 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:35 PM ESTGod of Fate@ Jamie,Most people know well enough to separate fantasy and fiction from reality. The exception? Mentally ill people often can't distinguish fantasy and fiction from reality. That line is blurred to them. That is the problem here.3 votes#1.351 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:36 PM ESTRon B-2757074Amanda,If there was only a small fee for programming the gun, I would be for it. I would not, however, agree to the FBI limiting who the gun can be programmed to recognize. There are parents who teach their children responsible gun ownership and use. There are news stories of young teens who have used their parent's gun to protect themselves from intruders in their home. I would not want the FBI telling me that my child could not be printed to a gun in my home.4 votes#1.352 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:39 PM ESTSailcat-2064101Oh, and those pesky words "shall not be infringed" show up in that Second Amendment but not in the First.The precedent was set when rules of ownership were put into place with respect to machine guns and it can easily be extended to other kinds of weaponry. Regulation of gun ownership is not far behind. As I said, all it takes is one little supreme court decision and your ability to own an arsenal of deadly toys will be very infringed upon.3 votes#1.353 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:42 PM ESTRon B-2757074Sailcat,Good luck with your Constitutional rights stomping. I will work on having your right to spew ignorance licensed and regulated. I figure that I will have as much luck as you will with your agenda.4 votes#1.354 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:46 PM ESTIWonder-932455I don't have the answers. It seems worse during peace time, yet, "Half the nation's worst shootings ever have occurred since 2007", according to msn. Something is triggering these people. It's not likely to be ordinary crazy, why heck, I'm crazy and I've never taken a shot at anyone. There is something, I am guessing that it is despair of ever having a life. Do you remember the line from "The Raven", something like that. It seems that these acts are only solutions for these people. The weight of the world maybe?#1.355 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:47 PM ESTAmanda-2017567Antistupidity said:Class 3 weapons at this rate, I would contact the FBI and BATF immediately, not that they could do anything if the purchases are legit, but they could let him know that he is on the radar an possibly thwart anything he is up to.You know, a few months back I printed a military guy for an ATF license. Perhaps I could try calling him and see what he says? Under the table, that is?But any purchase of class 3 HAS to go through the BATF and he has to pay a surcharge tax on each one. That said it may well just be a hobby.That makes me feel better--that there is some central point that tracks this stuff. The caveat to that is that if he is using:C. A**** N****at his father's address (a state away) and C**** N***** 3rdIn this state, would these two names be connected to the same individual by the BATF?Would you do all this  to buy Class 3's if you were a hobbyist? If it's just a hobby, why not just wait and purchasse the one per month your state allows? why five in three months (possibly more if he got fingerprint cards from another private biometrics company?)#1.356 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:57 PM ESTRobert in OregonIWonder-932455"Something is triggering these people. It's not likely to be ordinary crazy, why heck, I'm crazy and I've never taken a shot at anyone."HA! Me too. Hey, I think we need a secret handshake for our kind of crazy. To be honest with you, I think our fraternity is a lot larger than either of us would be comfortable admitting. I guess the key is in the defining of degrees. "Crazy" (as requiring intervention), vs. "Crazy" which comes with life, and experience and as my own kids would say "being over 50!"  ;-)3 votes#1.357 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:58 PM ESTIWonder-932455Hey Robert, I just read your post. I'm not sure that I got your point, I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed. It never occurred to me that race could have anything to do with it and I hope that you are wrong because what can we do about that?1 vote#1.358 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:58 PM ESTSailcat-2064101Good luck with your Constitutional rights stompingIt's only a matter of time, little man.3 votes#1.359 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:03 PM ESTsmerfHi,To any parent reading this who had their childs life taken in this incidence, I am truly sorry that this has happened. May God Bless You and help you during your time of sorrow.People will say that it was the guns fault, well I have a gun sitting on the top of my dresser that hasn't got up and killed anyone in years, as a matter of fact it just sits there and the only time it moves is when I dust it off and clean it. I think it still has the same bullets in it that was put there 20 yearas ago.  So obviously it isn't the gun, but then again maybe I just have a good gun, and not a bad one. I really don't have an answer for that one, because my gun has always been good.Now I have a car parked out there and it hasn't killed anyone else yet either, maybe it is just a good car, what do you all think?The real answer is that a gun and a car doesn't move or do anything until a human being gets control of it, and that is where the problem lyes. In todays modern world we have people who forgot about God, and his ten commandments, which no man alive can keep, so he sent us his son, who's birthday we celeberate on Dec 25, thats right Christmas, or for those who say "Happy Holidays", but if it is a holiday, what are we celebrating if it wasn't the birth of Christ, and if Christ never existed why celebrate this day at all. Why go out and buy presents, take days off from work, etc.. Oh I know. it is just to support the merchants for an unknow holiday like Christmas, because as we all know Merry Christmas is banned from being said because it infuriates some people like the Islamic bunch or the none believers.So now lets put the blame where it really lyes,So we now know it probably has something to do with the American Society and the way we live today, because most of us believe that God doesn't exist, therefore we have no basis or rules for our living, no one is scared of dying because there is no after life, so there is no heaven or hell, therefore what you do during you life just doesn't matter after you die, because you just don't exist anymore. Well for some reason back in the 50's when most people where God fearing, none of this stuff hardly ever happened and if it did it was some angry child who just murdered his parents while sleeping, and yes back in those days before the liberals took over and ruined the country, children who commited this crime where sent to prison for supporsedly life.Now lets look at the other half, people get married today have children, and then get divorced, it is the going thing, you know like the movies stars, they are out sleeping with every other movie star on the set, marriage is just a thing to have more sex. Who cares if you have a kid, it was just some mistake we made when we wanted to get laid. So the kid grows up with no guidance or little of it, since mom and dad never speak. After all marriage is just something today that two gays can put together, it really dosen't mean anything at all. What I am trying to say is that this country has lost it's morales, greed and corruption, are everywhere, even our politicians are leaders of it, greed and corruption that is. The country has become at least in my opinion one great big sheet hole.Now lets take a look at the legal or what I will call the real married couple that is really trying, they go and have a couple of kids, but dad gets laid off from his good job, and now mom has to work, well dad finds a job at wally fart where he works during the day, mom works at jams part time, to help with the bills they have, but they still aren't making it, so dad gets a job at a gas station as a cashier, mom goes to work at Tmart during the night. The kids, well they are at home alone with no one to guide them. Christmas comes along and Bill Joe Bob the son is mad at dad because he said no to a new Jbox to play "The drugged up dead", his is angry and goes to dad's gun locker breaks in and you know the rest.So you see it wasn't the gun, or the car, or the knife, at all, they all just lay there until someone (usually a human being) that picks it up and decides to use it.It is societes fault, with the greed and corruption and no morales, it is wally fart who pays low, so that the father can't be home with his kids to guide them, because he is working two or three jobs, it is Jmarts fault for overworking mom long hours, so that her children can't be watched. It is the very rich peoples fault for sending the good paying jobs over seas where they can save money to put another bunch of money in their pocket by not paying an American a decent wage. Even though they have billions stuck in their bank account and have 5 people in the top ten richest people of the world like wally fart, who will look for any way to keep their employe's at minimum wage.Think about it.I do not know why these children have died, or do I know the reason. All I know that the American Society is ill, and that people are suffering. I see politicians getting richer, and the working class working more and getting poorer. I see the government asking for gun control, and the people like sheep shaking their heads and saying yes that is the answer, but is it really?Deep in your hearts ask God why did this happen, could it be that America has become a corrupt, greedy no morale society. Which is let by crooked politicians, and media looking for or trying to create a story?The real story is not guns, but America.5 votes#1.360 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:03 PM ESTJimSpenceCAUSES OF INJURY, ACCIDENT AND DEATH IN U.S. 2011Accidents (unintentional injuries)122,777Transport accidents ...37,275Motor vehicle accidents ....34,677Other land transport accidents .........952Other and unspecified transport accidents1,647Nontransport accidents ...85,502Falls .26,631Accidental discharge of firearms ..851Accidental drowning and submersion ..3,555Accidental exposure to smoke, fire and flames..2,621Accidental poisoning ....33,554Other and unspecified nontransport accidents.18,289Intentional self-harm (suicide)...38,285(suicide) by discharge of firearms ...19,766(suicide) by other and unspecified means.....18,519Assault (homicide)...15,953Assault (homicide) by discharge of firearms..11,101Assault (homicide) by unspecified means ...4,852Events of undetermined intent.4,446Discharge of firearms, undetermined intent..222Other and unspecified events .4,224Injury by firearms..32,163Drug-induced deaths....40,239Alcohol-induced deaths &h3 votes#1.361 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:04 PM ESTIWonder-932455Say jimspence, I notice that you omitted death by physician. The last time I checked it was one of the largest causes of death." Doctors are 9,000 times more dangerous to the public health than gun owners.http://www.kevinmd.com/blog/2005/04/700000-physicians-120000-accidental-deaths-year.html5 votes#1.362 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:12 PM ESTNumb3rTechFirst, my prayers and thoughts are for the departed, injured, families and friends.Second, the shooter was reported as autistic and had preexisting mental conditions.Third, this could have been prevented if the guns were properly stored in a gun safe where the shooter could not get access to them.   The mother was the first one shot to death and the guns belonged to her. I have no idea what drove the shooter to commit these terrible and horrific crimes.  There does seem to be a huge amount of problems treating psychological problems in people, even with the modern medications.  There also seems to be a huge lack of interest in helping these people properly with treatment and follow up counseling.  I do know morals and values have dropped a lot in the last many years.  We do need to get back to a family oriented society that cares about others.  My little neighborhood is like that.  We watch out and care for each other.This may be a problem that will increase whether guns are available or not, and whether more gun control is in place or not.  I believe any further gun control will be a temporary band-aid.  I will be for it if it will stop the killings.  However, if the guy had not had a gun, would he have devised something worse?Just my thoughts and questions.  I hope it helps thinking this through.  Signed: Sonya Jones1 vote#1.363 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:20 PM ESTAmanda-2017567Ron B said:If there was only a small fee for programming the gun, I would be for it.The idea was that the programming would be free--buy gun, programming would be part of the setup. In the case of a gun purchased from someone else and the printlock needing to be reprogrammed, the proposed fee was tentatively discussed at between $10 and $30 depending on how many prints the new owner wanted programed into the match memory (and whether a different chip with more memory capacity needed to be substituted.)I would not, however, agree to the FBI limiting who the gun can be programmed to recognize. There are parents who teach their children responsible gun ownership and use. There are news stories of young teens who have used their parent's gun to protect themselves from intruders in their home. I would not want the FBI telling me that my child could not be printed to a gun in my home.Oh, no, the FBI wouldn't. The owner of the gun would choose which two fingerprints could be saved in the match memory to unlock the gun--any one of the owner's fingers, any one of the spouse's fingers, and if the owner decided they wanted one of their children's prints to be able to unlock it, a slightly more expensive memory chip (another $10, at current market prices) could be substituted to hold more than two fingerprints in the match memory.I do own a firearm, and if this biometric lock had been developed and could be retrofitted to the one I own (My Dad's Vietnam S&W 39) I'd have it programmed to accept mine and my husband's prints--and then once my oldest son understood responsibility, his print. My youngest son, however, is autistic and I would never EVER want him to be able to use it because he's not capable of understanding the consequences of killing someone.2 votes#1.364 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:21 PM ESTIWonder-932455Hi Amanda, you mentioned that your youngest son is autistic, sad to hear that, for you and your son. Is there a connection? I hear of more and more cases of autism, diabetics and mass murderers. Why is that?1 vote#1.365 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:37 PM ESTMatt-343495[quote]bart martin-3773750Another example of a gun just flying off on its own and shooting people.Very strict gun control is needed!. And declare the NRA as a supporter of terrorism. See you after the next shooting![/quote]You should really keep your mouth shut. It doesn't make you look very bright when you do.1 vote#1.366 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:42 PM ESTRon B-2757074Sailcat,LOL! You should hope that time never comes. You would be crying for guns if the population were effectively disarmed and China decided to invade.Did you know that firearms were practically banned in the U.K. prior to WWII and that weapons were sold and donated by private "gun crazy" owners in the U.S. to be delivered to citizens in the U.K. because the population was defenseless to a German invasion? "Tommie" guns had been outlawed in the U.K., even though no crime with them had ever been committed there, but with the threat of a German invasion, the Brits were clamoring for Thompson machine guns and any firearms they could get.Firearms were also banned to facilitate fascist rules in Italy and in Nazi Germany. You may think you want to restrict gun ownership, but you have no idea how bad that would be for the country if it happened, though it never will happen.Did you also know that the primary reason that Germany never invaded the U.S. was because Hitler knew that there were more guns than people in America and that most homes had a gun? He knew that an attempt to take or keep ground would fail.Hell, if gun ownership restrictions had been successfully carried out by the Brits 240 years ago or so, we might still be a collection of British colonies. That is why our founding fathers, with great foresight, ensured that our rights to bear arms would not be infringed.2 votes#1.367 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:50 PM ESTLusitaniaGod bless Newtown and the Christian community it supports,God sends to those who are only listening3 votes#1.368 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:54 PM ESTRobert in OregonIWonder-932455 wrote:"Hey Robert, I just read your post. I'm not sure that I got your point, I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed. It never occurred to me that race could have anything to do with it and I hope that you are wrong because what can we do about that?"Wow, "what can we do about that?" is a much bigger question than my limited intellect can answer. I can only posit an opinion, based upon my personal experiences and my life observations.I believe it has to come from within each individual. We are all equipped with the tools we need to address our own ignorance and intolerance and xenophobic fears. And I'm speaking of "willful ignorance" here, rather than simple ignorance (which is, after all just not knowing something. No shame in that).  "Willful ignorance" however 'ignores' what is obvious to others, or can be easily learned, or refuted by one who is motivated to learn a truth. "Willful ignorance" is stubborn adherence to a mindset, despite all contradictory evidence (the so-called "birther" movement comes to mind).  Plato said: "We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. I do believe that the core "foundation" of the vitriol toward Mr. Obama is resting on racism. And as is true of most "foundations" (I'm an architect so I use this analogy a lot), they are mostly underground and unseen. What we see manifested are the things which are built upon, and rise above those foundations, into view. A rhetorical question:  What makes a moderately left-of-center president "a leftist", "a socialist", "a Marxist", "a commie", "a Kenyan-born Muslim traitor who wants to destroy our country" ... when in actuality any rational side-by-side and unbiased analysis of his policies and his presidential administration would reveal that he is, in-fact, significantly more "centrist", more "Conservative" and less "Liberal" than were the four Democratic presidents who preceded him in office?  To answer that question I personally would harken back to that "difference" I already referenced in my "foundation" observation; racism.   But I have also observed that in the past 20+ years a certain segment of our American society has shifted so far to the Right that Ronald Reagan the great hero of the Republican party -- were he alive and active in American politics today -- would be drummed-out of any position in the Republican Party for being "too Liberal" and "impure" in adherence to Republican ideology ...... and what can we do about that?Just my tuppence. 2 votes#1.369 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:16 PM ESTOkicize Wicasa Yata PiMay the good Lord give these families the strength to make it through the hard times ahead. Those little children deserved so much more. Even i hurt for the parents because i can't even imagine something like that happening to a child at school. Gun control is not the answer as i have sat and thought about it. They would just find another way. A nut case with a home made bomb would just go in. SMERF you said it perfectly. I have said for over twenty years now. No Heaven no hell,no right,no wrong. As for all the non believers and atheists who are so much smarter than me even though their ancestors crawled out of a pile of crap or slithered out of a mud hole or whatever, you may not believe in a higher power but one thing is for certain we all know now where Lucifer was today. He was at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown Connecticut. This act was nothing more than pure evil. Laugh all you want.3 votes#1.370 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:17 PM ESTDavid-3994413Obama: If they bring a knife to the fight, we bring a gun June 14, 2008Hmmmm, I did not know that Obama loved guns!4 votes#1.371 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:21 PM ESTTired-2176559@Sam and all the others "That being said, for the last goddamn time stop comparing cars to guns. Cars are designed for transport. Ive never met nor found ANYONE who decided they wanted to get in a accident. So comparing car deaths due to accidents vs gun deaths due to someone with the intention to kill is completely and utterly stupid."NO THEY WERE NOT! Maybe you all should learn some f***ing history. What predated the automobile? Could that have been carriages drawn by horses? What was the first type of carriage btw? Could it have been a Chariot? What was the Chariot designed for again? WAR! A large portion of inventions come from war, sorry to break it to you.There are people that will get into accidents for insurance money ALL THE TIME. There are people that attempt to run over others ALL THE TIME. There was a women in Arizona that ran over her husband for not voting for Mitt, when Mitt had already won Arizona and all its electoral votes. How many episodes of Cops or whatever are there in which at least one of the perps does not try to run over at least one officer or more?Had this person not had access to guns, could he have killed his mother some other way? Could he have stolen his mother's car and ran over 28 people killing them? YES HE COULD. In fact he could have killed more people with a car by waiting for the right time. How many children died in China today from a knife? How hard do you think it is to buy bulk gunpowder or to make it btw? I wonder what I could do with that if there were no premade firearms around... Where there is a will there is a way.I mean the fact that he went to his mother's place of work to kill a specific group of children after killing her says something. Sounds to me like he was jealous of the time his mother spent with the other children, but that is just my opinion. You all are all just angry and want something to blame, a scapegoat for all that is evil in your minds, but he would have killed regardless of if he had a gun or not. Put away the pitchforks and torches...I do however believe it is to easy to get a gun in this country and that you should need to take some basic classes so that people understand wtf they are doing so they do not kill others by accident. There are plenty of accidental gun deaths too and those are the ones we should be working on since they are the easiest to fix. Plenty of morons that know nothing about guns, yet can walk into a store and walk out with a semi-automatic rifle in 30 minutes or less.The gunman's mother could have taken these extra classes and still had purchased the guns even with them in place. Therefore, the classes would not have prevented this incident since SHE BOUGHT HIM the guns. There are not many female school teachers that I know who would buy a Glock, a Sig, and an AR-15 all for themselves. I will not say who I think is mainly to blame for this out of respect for the living and the dead.1 vote#1.372 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:43 PM ESTIWonder-932455Yeah Robert, you took me by surprise. How to explain? Well, say the president talked too much, he could shorten his speeches, if he was too liberal, he could shift to the right, so on and so on.On the other hand, if the color of a person's skin makes people crazy, what then? I don't have the answer.2 votes#1.373 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:43 PM ESTRobert in OregonDavid-3994413 wrote:"Obama: If they bring a knife to the fight, we bring a gun June 14, 2008Hmmmm, I did not know that Obama loved guns!"Yes, David, Mr. Obama made that remark at a fundraiser in Philadelphia during the 2008 presidential campaign. He was paraphrasing a Sean Connery line from the 1987 mob movie "The Untouchables."  But of course you already know that. The comment was in response to a question about the McCain campaign's political tactics and the Republican super-pack attacks on Mr. Obama , and it was offered as a warning to his (Mr. Obama's) donors that things could get ugly.Now, David, I have read your posts on your Newsvine page, so I know that you aren't dumb. In fact you are smart enough to know about the importance of context when quoting, .... So why are you dissembling on a day of national tragedy? Dissembling is never appropriate, but doing it on a day such as today is rather callous, no?1 vote#1.374 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:50 PM ESTEileen V-635375The vast, VAST majority of gun owners are not homicidal, crazed lunatics. They just aren't.  Prohibition didn't solve alcoholism, Illegal drugs are still available in every corner of the world...Don't be feared into giving up your rights...4 votes#1.375 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:54 PM ESTdavid-475776IWonder-932455  -  I'll wager that somewhere there is a psychologist, smirking, because he is stunned by our stupidity.My College Major was Philosophy (Logic, as the Grandfather of All Sciences) primarily the Ultimate Search for Truth (and studying how large Groups (Societies)) Think (Thought Processes and influences)), and a Minor of Psychology (How Individuals Think) as I dropped out of Medical School because I no longer wanted to become a Medical Professional (limited by the MBAs taking over the Medical Profession).I am not smirking, having survived (Selective Service) Vietnam, and most of the UN's "Non Wars" during the so called "Peacetime" US Military, and still surviving with the Teams.   Most of us have seen Societies of many Nations outright Stup!dy, with us killing without hesitation, holding those we knew for decades as our family dying in extreme pain, and what most of us find the most rewarding is our Humanitarian Assistance Missions (Building Schools and Teaching, Building Medical Clinics with weekly Medical Treatments, digging water wells, etc..).It is as I posted at#1.229.Ever since the 1990s we started to raise a Society that condoned, rewarded Violence, the more Graphic and Realistic the better.And also think about this, when did US Law Enforcement start to become the Bad Guys.   Getting Over on the Man (Establishment) was something to brag about.   Gaming the System was good as long as you did not get caught.   Lack of morality, norms, mores, ethics as near Machiavellian being the means to get ahead.   Think about when we also became a No Fault Society and also when did it start that everyone won a prize (the old, "Nothing Earned is Nothing Gained").So yes, we have created a self destructive Society.   Without consequences there are no Laws.Having lived external to the US most of the time gives me the perspective of looking into the Fish Bowl from the Outside.   After getting many advanced degrees to get promoted, especially in the Integrated Systems Management Approach (taught only to Critical US Military and NASA Project Managers (Life or Death Projects)), it is very easy to see the interconnected relationships (integrated systems), Causative Timelines (projected out to a Predictive Timeline Model), etc..By the way us old guys do NOT stop learning (that is what enables us to survive).   I heard the younger Team Members making their snide remarks about my being a dinosaur; with the other older Team Members correcting them to, that the should learn something so that they too can live that long (lots of laughter from them and more side jokes about my being around when cavemen wore furs, etc.).3 votes#1.376 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:56 PM ESTsevenbridgesRe 1.286:Trained and licensed faculty, or a permanent armed police presence,  who  have ready access to a firearm could be armed and prepared to  defend  themselves and their students in a matter of seconds.You think that's free? You know what that is called? SPENDINGYou ready to pay for it?A lot of places already do pay for it and have been for years. The small school district I attended in Georgia implemented them shortly after Columbine. The county where I live now, in South Carolina, has one in every school, and it is a very large school district. Their sheriff's office budget includes salaries for approximately 30-40 school resource officers. Additionally, the USDOJ awarded grants in 1999 and 2005 under the CIS grant program. These were grants of up to $125,000 per newly hired officer over a three year period for approved salary and benefit costs. So, we have been paying for this. The question is, would anyone be willing to pay for an expansion of it, given the current fiscal climate? I think SRO's are a crucial security measure that should be employed until a solution aimed at the root of the problem is proven successful. Undoubtedly, people who do this kind of thing go into the building fully intending die inside it. So be it. I don't think the SRO provides much deterrent to this type of psycho. The only risk in the situation that can be controlled is how many people psycho takes with him. A single, fully armed and trained SRO has the potential to prevent mass casualties. The best offense is a good defense. I think it's the best we could do to protect our children until we have a workable solution aimed at the people that commit such atrocities.#1.377 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:57 PM ESTRonsonHere's the real truth.I was raised in the 70's and 80's in the good old days by my good Christian parents who believe in God our Father in Heaven and Jesus and I never heard of any shooting in a school or a any shooting in a movie theater or any shooting in a mall in the 70's or 80's. The main reason all these mass shootings is happening lately in schools and a movie theater and at malls the past decade is the fact that our society has changed for the worse over the years mainly cause as the years and decades go by 80% of our society has turned their backs on God our Father in Heaven resulting in hate and evil and that explains why most people are not friendly in public or at home and most of the 80% of the people ignore people and gives them a mean look when someone tries to be friendly and says hi to them or talk to them and then the rage builds up.2nd reason: There is way to much violence on TV, movies, video games and the internet. The 50's 60's 70's 80's before the internet was invented and before graphic violent shooting video games was invented and before they allowed violent blood and gore on TV and movies America our country was a lot more safer place cause when we was kids we played with each other in a friendly way like biking, basketball, board games and toys or get out and play in the yard etc. The past 20 years our new generation of kids has grown up watching to much violence on TV, violent movies, violent video games especially and the violence on the internet especially you tube videos etc.3rd reason: It's not a "We The People" society anymore its "All About Me Me Me" Greedy society.It's not God our Father in Heaven or Jesus fault this happen. It's 80% our society in general fault for turning their backs on God our Father in Heaven and Jesus. Love not Hate. Peace not War.5 votes#1.378 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:02 AM ESTDav1bgThe anti gun people want me to depend on the police to protect me.  Sounds like to me that they arrived just like on tv:  after it was all over.  Yeh, I want to give up my guns for protection like that.   Our children are completely unprotected, not one teacher has a gun, there are no security guards with guns, or police protection.  COMPLETELY VULNERABLE. These cowards hit places where people are grouped together and are unarmed.  They do not attack hospitals, banks, police stations, hotels, or malls because these all have armed guards.  But not where we have our children!!!  Our government leaves our children unprotected from armed fruit loops, but protects their money (banks).  Is it out of the question to have armed guards at schools?  Or at least some highly trained armed teachers???  Anything but leave our children in harms way!!!!!! And no, taking away all the guns is useless.  Just like outlawing drugs or alcohol, it makes the situation worse.   Besides we may need our guns if our government doesn't represent the people. 4 votes#1.379 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:05 AM ESTIWonder-932455Hello david 475776, sounds like we're about the same age and yes, I do keep learning, the trouble is that I forget as much as I learn.  The end result is that I don't learn more, I just learn different stuff.And dav1, the second amendment is to protect the citizens against our government.  George Washington made it absolutely clear in one of his speeches. I don't remember the exact quote.Wow, look at the time, goodnight.2 votes#1.380 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:30 AM ESTRobert in Oregonsmerf wrote: "...People will say that it was the guns fault, well I have a gun sitting on the top of my dresser that hasn't got up and killed anyone in years"Then, 'smerf', you have truly dodged a bullet (pun intended) in avoiding a tragedy which your own irresponsible gun ownership has invited. Think about it. What sort  of person leaves a loaded gun on the top of the dresser? Are you so fearful of something that you need to put the safety of anyone and everyone who enters your home, and even yourself, at risk?One can only hope that no children ever, ever enter your home! Children are naturally curious. It's part of what makes them wonderful. It's also part of what all too often makes them dead, in the presence of guns. Please be a responsible adult and responsible gun owner. Put that thing in a gun safe; or at the very least unload it, even the one in the chamber, and put the bullets in another location known and accessible only to you. Come on, this isn't rocket science.1 vote#1.381 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:34 AM ESTRon B-2757074@tired,Let me link you some people who have purposely ran people over with their cars and are currently in prison or facing trial. I won't waste my time linking the thousands upon thousands who kill with their cars by driving drunk.http://articles.nydailynews.com/2012-11-18/news/35190299_1_domestic-violence-court-documents-president-obamahttp://www.statesmanjournal.com/article/20121211/NEWS/312110013/Wife-arrested-after-police-officer-run-overhttp://www.smh.com.au/articles/2003/02/15/1044927854202.htmlhttp://www.khou.com/news/cnn/Witnesses-Man-intentionally-ran-over-mother-child-123577344.htmlhttp://abcnews.go.com/WN/US/westernized-muslim-daughter-dies-run-father/story?id=8983198http://www.vvdailypress.com/articles/attempts-35438-hesperia-husband.html2 minutes of google searches. Couldn't get a lot of results because it was spammed with endless hits of the moronic wife who ran over her husband for not voting.2 votes#1.382 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:39 AM ESTNumb3rTechThe son was reported to be autistic with preexisting mental problems.  I doubt his mother bought herself those three guns.  They were probably under her name because that was the only way she could get them and give them to her son.  The son should have never been allowed access to, or be allowed to use guns.  I could see the mother purchase one gun for self defense, but it should have been kept locked up and put away in a safe somewhere.After reading the numerous articles and comments, I believe it is most probable that she purchased the guns for her son.  For some reason like jealousy, he snapped.  Maybe she was not spending enough quality time with him or ignoring him.  We will probably never know.Regardless, the son got hold of these guns and killed his mom, and drove her car to the school where she worked and killed the rest of the people and children before taking his own life.In my opinion, it was probably the mothers fault somehow.  The son took out his rage on her and many others.  This is not a political issue at all, but one of responsibility.  The gun was the tool that was used for this.  I will never give up my pistols, guns or rifles while I am of sound mind.  I believe in self protection.  I never carried until I was told to by a sheriff.  I have carried ever since.May all that passed rest in peace.  My prayers for the living and the deceased.1 vote#1.383 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:45 AM ESTSamantha-1783461There you go, America.  You wanted God out of the schools and you voted in a godless government for two terms.  Here are your results.5 votes#1.384 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:59 AM ESTRobert in OregonNumb3rTech wrote:" ... I will never give up my pistols, guns or rifles while I am of sound mind."And you will never give up your pistols, guns or rifles if you are no longer of sound mind, ...and you will not know that you are no longer of sound mind. ... And therein lies the rub.3 votes#1.385 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:02 AM ESTChris from YucaipaThere is no way to have a rational discussion about the gun issue, especially when the first 50 comments on this board, regardless of stance, are collapsed. People think one certain way and they couldn't give a f*ck what the other side thinks. But they'll do their damnedest to make sure that other side isn't heard.Until people start acting like adults and are willing to rationally and open-mindedly sit down and listen to what the other person has to say, there will be no discussion. Just a whole lot of ignorant rhetoric from both sides.3 votes#1.386 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:28 AM ESTNumb3rTechRobert in OregonI have faith in my family, friends and neighbors to tell me when I should no longer own a gun.  Two of the neighbors are people that do not really like guns and do not own them.  However, they are glad I have a gun and carry it. I believe it is the people that are not responsible with a weapon that is the problem.  That probably includes you by all of your remarks and hatred for that tool.  I have been shot at by a rancher taking pot shots at me, and a drive by which was not intended for me.  A sheriff told me to start carrying a gun and I have carried since.I have never had to pull or use my pistol in self defense.  A responsible gun owner probably never will.  A gun is simply a tool.  I do practice regularly at the gun range as well as take regular gun classes.  I use the gun just like I use a spare tire.  It is for an emergency I am unable to avoid or plan for.  The difference being one does injure or kill to keep me going and the other just keeps me going on my travels.I sincerely hope I never have to use the gun.  If I do, it will be out of necessity.  Most people that complain about guns have never been shot at or attacked by overwhelming odds.  I am a small petite female and would not have much chance in some cases of attack. I plan on living a good long life.  I want to expire happily in my bed of old age and not be found on a sidewalk or in a field somewhere.  My family and friends want me around a long time as well.  Please respect those of us that go out of our way to be responsible gun owners.  It is our choice, expensive and we are heavily punished if we do anything wrong after we get our permits.  A person like me may save your life someday if caught together and something similar happens as what happened in Newtown.I am most against the mentally ill and criminals having a gun.  There really should be a database set up for mental problems like that 20 year old Adam Lanza had.  I am also against idiots having guns.  I am no hero.  I just carry because I live in the real world and I have seen a lot of the dangers and know there are more.  I would be happy if all sane and responsible people carried.  It would be better if guns could not be labeled a necessity in areas, there were no illegal drugs being sold to the United States and there were no criminals.  That will never happen in my lifetime.  Maybe it will happen in yours. 3 votes#1.387 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:31 AM ESTRobert in OregonChris from Yucaipa wrote:"There is no way to have a rational discussion about the gun issue, especially when the first 50 comments on this board, regardless of stance, are collapsed.......Until people start acting like adults and are willing to rationally and open-mindedly sit down and listen to what the other person has to say, there will be no discussion."I couldn't agree with you more, Chris. goodnight, friend.May everyone hold the members of their own children and family members close tonight, and remember to tell them that you love them.3 votes#1.388 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:35 AM ESTChris from YucaipaOn a side note m I'm curious about something. People talk about you shouldn't ban guns, that people should be able to buy any gun they want. So why can't we buy a nice shiny new machine gun? Why are those illegal? I'm not talking about the pre-1986 ones that you CAN own. Why can't we buy a 2012 fully automatic rifle? It's just another gun, right? Or is it because you can cause an amazing amount of carnage with it?See where I'm going with this?2 votes#1.389 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:36 AM ESTChris from YucaipaGoodnight as well Robert!1 vote#1.390 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:37 AM ESTRobert in OregonNumb3rTech"Robert in Oregon. I have faith in my family, friends and neighbors to tell me when I should no longer own a gun. Two of the neighbors are people that do not really like guns and do not own them. However, they are glad I have a gun and carry it..."I am glad. And I hope that you have told each of them that you will not think less of them if the time ever does come for them to step-in and intervene in your life (unfortunately that tends to be a threshold which many family members and friends are reluctant to or won't cross, for fear of alienating the affections a their loved-one).I am a gun owner too; antique guns which were my inheritance from my grandfather who was an US Attorney and US Marshall in the Oklahoma Territory, before statehood. Most of his guns, rifles and shotguns were "confiscated" from criminals. None of them still have firing pins or have been bolted to prevent their being loaded of fired. They are merely heirlooms of his life history. I would not own an operable firearm; my personal safety means too much to me.And in parting thought, on a purely human level I hope that you will always be of sound mind. Goodnight, friend. 2 votes#1.391 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:45 AM ESTNumb3rTechChris from YucaipaActually, you can legally purchase fully automatic guns in the United States and own them.  There is a lot more background checks plus you have to give the bureau that takes care of firearms permission to enter your house at their request, to show them the weapon is properly stored in a heavy safe.  There are additional charges as well for the licensing.  A lot more than I can afford.  That is one type gun I do not feel a need to own.The only reason I have a gun is for defense, period.  I do use it for training and target practice as well, but that is a requirement for owning a gun and a license.  I do hit what I aim at and nothing else.  I just sincerely pray I never have to pull the gun out of the holster and use it for defense.1 vote#1.392 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:49 AM ESTNumb3rTechRobert in OregonThat is good.  I also collect rare guns and restore them, remove the firing pin and mount them behind glass for collectors.  Most of the ones I work on have intricate scroll-work art around them and range to over 100 years old.  I love restoring the artwork of the older time periods.  The artwork is tremendous.  Most are black powder, of course, and I don't even keep black powder 0and have never fired a blacked powder gun.Yes, my family will take care of me when I get older.  I do carry as I have been shot at and threatened.  However, I am a very responsible person.  Please have as good an evening as possible.1 vote#1.393 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:29 AM ESTMarmaduke49help is comingIt  is not the guns, it a bunch of crazy people who don't care about human  life. I believe TV shows and how the media handles everything is part of  the cause for people acting out.I cant agree more. Its a combination of the degenerate programming that society has turned to, violent video games, also due to parents not doing their part on raising their kids right, and or not noticing their child has issues and getting them help.  Also society trying to teach life is nothing more than random chance. Not much point in life if there is no meaning to it.#1.394 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:39 AM ESTAvenger-2464988What happened at this school is another sad day in America. I have read many of the posts back and forth about gun control. The second amendment give us all the right to bear arms. Our forefathers saw the need to include that amendment to protect us from tyanny. Tyrany does not have to come from the government although that is the common belief. The abusive power to control the majority can also come from minority groups who push an agenda hard enough that legislation is passed to thier likeing. We are seeing this played out on many fronts. Today it is gun control because of the slaughter of these children. Yes the gun was  the method but not the reason for the killings. Conneticut has some of the most strick laws for gun control in the country yet this happened there. Why? Because mental illness is the reason.The shooter was too young to legally own a weapon or buy amunition for it but he had them. Regulating guns more , even to the point of completely banning gun ownership will not stop this type of thing from happening. The root cause is mental illness. Once again people are saying the young man was ill but no one took the extra measure to get him help. Why not ? Those of you who wish to take away a responsible person's right to gun ownership are tyrants who want to over power others with your views by pushing for laws to your likeing . There are millions and millions of law abiding citizens in this country who own guns and use them properly. To impose undo regulations on honest people because of the crazy people and crooks are not what the priciples this country was founded on. Yes we need to address the problem but lets be clear what the problem is and not go about it half cocked.#1.395 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:10 AM ESTDave-2478570Condolences to the families. The loss of a young one is a great pain NO parent should endure.It is a real shame most folks just wont admit that we have done this to ourselves.2 votes#1.396 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:24 AM ESTTheGraveDiggerThis has to be the worse school shooting ever including Columbine and VT put together.Satan Took You by the Hand Adam to Commit this Evil and You will Remain in Hell Forever.1 vote#1.397 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:22 AM ESTwarthog213-984171I'd like to propose a plan to detour this ever happening again, not an imaginary plan but a real plan which will detour anyone (even police officers) from entering a school with a weapon....What we should do is place 2 unarmed guards at the main entrance of every school (private and public) to pat down and search all people who enter a school to insure that a gun never enters a school again....  And place the main entrance on a big screen tv in the main office for watching those guards with a direct line to local police department....  And signs be placed on any other entrances to any schools....  During the morning and evening rushes the teachers will assist the 2 guards to safely help all students enter a school and will first check the the surroundings outside before children enter or leave the school....They do this at all government buildings in the USA and I think that more violence happens at schools than happens at any of these protected facilities....  I feel an ounce of prevention here is exactly what is needed....  Also we need to put in bullet proof glass in the doors and windows of the ground floors of all schools and post signs that the main entrances are to be used by the public....  Also we could use national guard members and ROTC students to assist our schools staff until they implement a solid plan for school security....Our children are our futures resource and need to be protected 100% and I feel this will detour the idiots who may try to harm these kids, and it would take a bigger plan for anyone to ever enter a school with a weapon or device again.... We need to show the world how serious we are about our children....1 vote#1.398 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:01 AM ESTdscott15-3513026im a gun owner and i have a concealed carry permit and im usually the 1st one to talk about my right to carry but enough is enough. the government has to do something! i dont care anymore if it affects my rights to carry because the loss of these young lives is just to much. i cannot imagine what those poor children went thru. it just tears me up. i have an 8 year old in public school and it could just as easily have been her that died that day. we can afford to protect people all over the world yet our own children are not safe in school or anywhere else for that matter. everytime you see something like this happen ,you see a small army of police and detectives and other agencys at the scene trying to figure out what happened, but its too little too late! why not put one or two police officers at every school full time? i been reading posts on here about tougher punishments, this scum bag killed himself after he took all those inocent lives so tougher punishments would not have detered him in anyway. we have to stop these tragedies BEFORE they happen! and any person that wants to raise hell because they dont want their taxs to increase because of the cost of putting police in schools, to hell with you too! one of these kids lives is priceless. especially to the parents who got that call saying they would never get to hug or kiss their little one ever again. and just think how much money is spent to send that small army in after the shooting, that amount alone would pay alot of saleries to put police on school payrolls. and it was nice that obama wiped away tears while giving his speech, and i voted for obama so im not making a political statement, just saying that him being the leader of the free world, its time for president obama to make drastic changes in the way we protect our children. im about ready to take my daughter out of school and homeschool her but guess what? she does not want that! she says im taking her away from her friends! and shes right, i know i cannot raise her in a bubble and expect her to fit into society. but what do we do? all i really know is enough is enough. i will surrender my weapons and my concealed permit if the government will get involved and put as much effort into protecting our children as it does in protecting people on the other side of the planet..1 vote#1.399 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:58 AM ESTdscott15-3513026@warthog i think you are exactly right! but how about a scanning booth at the main entrance to every school? after all the kids are safely inside the school then the only way into the school is thru the main entrance and thru a full body scanner. you go in the 1st door ,one person at a time, and that door locks behind you, then you are scanned from head to toe with the best mri ,or whichever is the best, scanner and only when you have been cleared may you enter the building, and only if you have a reason to be there. now with this guys mom being a teacher at the school im sure he just waltzed right on in without any trouble. but no one should be able to do that anymore. we have seen it to many times before its a person that no one thought would ever do something like this that does exactly that. no safety measure should be left out when it comes to protecting our children. and i think your idea of having atleast 2 guards on staff is a great idea but i think they should be armed, because if the person who is out to do these types of killings is armed and somehow gets thru the safety measures put in place then having unarmed guards will not help at all. they will just end up in the body count. one things for sure, something has to be done. enough is enough. not one more child being murdered in school is exceptable. time for the government to step up and make it safe for kids to go to school. and like i said in the rant above i am a gun owner and have a concealed carry permit so tougher gun laws would directly affect me but i do not care! these childrens lives are more important than my rights to carry a gun#1.400 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:19 AM ESTPrince of Peace 1Dear World,Our collective wisdom is reflected in the quality of our questions and our question today is simple: Why? In the wake of the creation of twenty little angels, I ask: Where are the children leading us?If we cannot agree on a single goal  a single productive step - can we at least agree the children of Sandy Hook Elementary School are leading us away from violence?The horror of violence through mass action or a lone person is horror. All across the world, still and now, children of every race, color and creed are losing their lives and suffering. Who among us isnt mourning? The only solution to this problem is an individual one. Each one of us must examine the content of our character, our own behavior within our own spheres of influence, and the tone and content of the language we use with our self and others and ask this question: What am I doing or will I do  starting now - to prevent horror and to calm, soothe, and ultimately heal the wakes of its trauma?If we are truly seeking answers, lets start at home with ourselves. If we all freely choose the attitude upon earth peace, Good News to the children of men, humanity might live up to the noble words Thats one small step for [a] man; one giant leap for mankind.God Bless Us Everyone.  1 vote#1.401 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:55 AM ESTCaptmguy,Thanks for making my point. You somehow know everything about me based on a couple of sentences...well done!!! I must admit I've never actually talked to a liberal...I've lived in a bubble and clinged to my guns and religion my entire life : ) I've never read a book and I've never taken a class. I sit in my shell and do nothing to interact with the apparent majority of people in the country (even I'm getting tired of the sarcasm). At least Sarah's comments are intelligent...whether I agree or not is a different point. She'd be fun to talk to over a beer, you'd be fun to watch talk to yourself. Your comments are grade school. Were you sticking your tongue out when you wrote it?To point...I have an entire family of liberals...who continually vote against everything they believe in and for everything they don't. I love the ignoramus's.As a father of four (2 who are adopted and in this age range) this hits home...(To the little ones...peace.......)1 vote#1.402 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:58 AM ESTJD -1203795My condolences to the families and friends of this horrible tragedy. This was senseless violence against so many innocent that words cannot really bring any sense to. And my condolences to some of you on your blatant hatred of one another's points of view. Your posts do not help by shaking the fence from both sides to hammer in your point of gun bans or the Second Amendment. How about some rational ideas about how to achieve effective weapons control.The fact is kiddies, the first projectile weapon ever used was a rock. No matter how you ban guns, those will always be in plenty supply. And my fist can hold as many rocks as any pistol, and if I tried hard enough, I'm sure that I could be as (if not more) accurate. So instead of rants about banning guns, how about we talk about some real weapons control for a change. Here's an idea to go along with some of the others that I've seen postedWhile I'm not sure about the "programmable guard" that was posted above (based solely on cost effectiveness. $30 for that complex of a system might be a bit low. Besides, complex electronics go bad all the time. Now we'd have to get into the cost of failure, and that would just have to be a feasibility study), here's an idea:To purchase a weapon, first make sure the person is registered with Selective Service (for tracking purposes and for the purposes of building a temporary Army, should the need arise. If you follow all the rest of this, you'll see that you have a half trained person to start with). Second, since we've reopened up the Selective Service offices let's staff it. Say with people who have been in the military with jobs in the areas of Civilian Affairs Units, SEAL Units, Forced Recon Units, and the like (these unit types constitute the bulk of the United States Special Forces or Special Warfare operations). Additionally, also staff it with personnel who have been either Drill Sergeants, Drill Instructors, TAC NCOs, and the like. These persons would make up the bulk of the United States military training force (I think you might see where I'm going with this, but I'll continue). Require any person who is going to purchase any kind of gun (rifle or pistol, for the purpose of home defense or hunting) to take 45 hours of classes in the areas of weapons safety, weapons cleaning, marksmanship, and general weapons responsibility (all geared and based on the particular weapon they are planning to buy) at a regional or area office or accredited police facility.The pluses of this are simple. First off, every weapon ever made was designed for the purpose of combat (be it club and spear, sling and rock, bow and arrow, sword and knife, rifle and pistol)(oh, and hunting is a form of combat...man vs. wild) and who better to train these things then the people who use them. Second, most of these people who will be facilitating the training know how to see/smell the ones to weed out. If you cannot pass the course, you cannot own a weapon. Plain and simple. Now, on to black market weapons.The Government needs to get their act together and create a joint task force between the ATF, Customs, Boarder Patrol, Coast Guard, and local boarder area police forces for the purpose of cracking down on illegal shipments. No, this will not stop all attempts to move banned weapons into the country...but it will over time. Apply pressure as much and as often as possible to gangs and cartels to shake loose where these things are coming from and stop them.How to pay for this? A tarrif on any and all weapons manufacturers who sell inside the United States boarder. Honestly, I am a responsible gun owner. I really would not paying a little more on my next purchase if I saw these kinds of things in place.I saw in one post that the person responsible for this act owned weapons that his mother bought for him. Where does it say that in the story please? Is it likely that a parent bought their emotionally disturbed son a gun? Or is it more likely that the parent (could have been remnants from the father registered to the mother?) had the weapons and the son used them and then took them? That sounds a bit more likely. Either way, I'm more for effective education in weapons safety and responsibility then for banning guns. My weapons have never felt the need to kill any person, and I don't see them needing to in the next few hours (everything in life is subject to change). While I may have mulled over the idea once or twice in my youth, I don't think any weapon I have ever owned has jumped up and fired without me.Again, this was a horrible tragedy. Let's try and work the problem here people. Personal responsibility and education in safety. There are not many other ways to prevent things like this except to work on those areas. I'd ask that if you are serious about working on the problems, write ideas to your congressmen/congresswomen about these items. If you support my idea or have improvements, send them to Representatives. We do need these items taught in order to ensure public safety in these trying times. And as a father of two elementary children (one in kindergarten and one in first grade), nothing will ever strike fear in you like a story like this. Again, my condolences to those who lost in this.#1.403 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:48 PM ESTDerrek243DeletedhuskergalThis happened by individual choice. Adam Lanza chose to do this. Nobody knows why. Would stricter gun control prevented this? No. It is individual choice plan and simple that caused this.2 votes#1.405 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 3:51 PM ESTJ R BrowensteinDo not buy a Firearm.   If you are stopped for any reason by US Law Enforcement and your License Plate is run on their computer, it will state that you are armed and the US Law Enforcement will treat you as armed even if you are not.  example:  If the US Law Enforcement stops you, the first thing they must do is run your license plates, second if they tell you to place both hands on the steering wheel thru the loud speaker and you come out of your vehicle instead, they have every right to shoot you since you would be out of range of non lethal projectile type tasers.I don't know what tin-foil nonsense you've heard but law enforcement does NOT have the right to shoot you unless you present them with a reason in to do so in the manner of making a threat.  Getting out of your car with your hands in the aid is NOT a threat.#1.406 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 4:41 PM ESTProIndividual-3906907ProIndividualYour "answer" is completely unreasonable. There will ALWAYS be places where there are fewer guns. Your goal to get a gun into EVERY SINGLE HAND is unrealistic... it will not happen.You think teachers, who spend their life trying to educate children, will be able to react fast enough in a stressful situation like that? What, you think every teacher will turn into a f***ing action movie star when that happens? These people spend their lives educating children and dealing with name-calling, not combat.And what of teachers who do not want guns in their classroom, do you FORCE them to buy one? Or do you require us taxpayers pay for all those guns? And who pays for all this training? Schools can not even afford new text books, so where the F*** is the money for guns and proper training going to come from? Don't you want to cut education?Hell, maybe you can hire a private security company... just make sure to charge the parents and not the taxpayers. Then parents can pay a "protection fee" when they send their kids to school. "You want your kid protected, it'll cost ya. Big Tony ova here will make sure yo kid don't get shot, as long as you pay. Capiche?"MY view was based on the factual stats...you really need to look up what "reasonable" means.Next you straw man me, because nowhere did I say put guns in everyone's hand, my illogical friend, I said end the Drug War which causes somewhere between 50% - 70% of our gun murders. Pardon me for addressing the bulk of the problem, not mass shootings that happen 20 times a yearo n average and only kill about 1% - 2% of the victims from total gun murders. We can't make completely safe society, whether you want to or not. I'm interested in saving the most lives, not a BS political agenda like you.And if teachers were ALLOWED their right to bear arms (like their freedom of speech) inside of their jobs that fact would DETER criminals even if they never chose to actually carry a gun...look up game theorty mathematics you you don't understand why.THe only one trying to use the FORCE of the state is you. You want to use govt guns to tbtant torhetrt gtuns, ort a least regulate them even when they aren't the problem rationatlly and logically. A correlation is not causation...and I showed there is no causality with guns to gun murder...butr there is a causality with Drug Wars. Where drugs are Prohibited gun murders rise, and where that Prohition is more harsh, the gun murders are even higher. You have gun rights countries that have low gun murder rates and high gun murder rates...and the same is true of guns banning countries. So guns, logically, are not the issue...get that through your irrational skull...and stop using the FORCE of the state to make people live as you believe when you're WRONG on every factual point. And then stop deflecting your own flaw on others via psychological projection, as to avoid your own ego and your flaw.ANd I said where that I wanred to cut any funding to anythting but the Drug War? Another straw man. Hey guy, I'm not a conservative. I know doesn't fit into your neat little psychosis where everyone is a left-tard or right-tard, but I'm a libertartian....and there are left libertarians and right libertarians, genius.BTW, if schools were run by the States and not the federal state, and we used a voucher system instead of FORCEING kids into certain schools by where they live, perhaps we'd have a more cost effective system and better results in education...and if thetstet twtetrtet ptrtitvate schools instead of public schools they'd be sued for not allowing adults working there their 2nd Amendment rights and unnecessarily endangering them. Or at least they'd be sued for not having private security guards hired. Here's a clue: public schools suck, and so the achievement records being flat for 30 years despite increasing spending accounted for inflation drastically. The security is just anothtetrt stytmtpom. But here's another fact you don't want to hear: our schools are safer now than they were 30 years ago. Look up the violence rates in schools 30 years ago....we're safer, despite your media-infected mind. Facts are facts.And stop being a racist...I'm Sicilian, and your mafia references to Italians are offensive.Stop stereotyping. Next you'll say we're all school shooters because of Lanza. You make me ill.The only mafia demanding "protection money" in an extortionist racheteering scheme in this discussion is the govt. That's what they call "tax". If any other person or group extorted you you'd call it extortion...but when your god the state does it, it's just "tax", and you think being their slave is somehow "patriotic". I guess slaves still love their slave masters afterall...#1.407 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 5:05 PM ESTProIndividual-3906907proindividual,I will never own a gun, never allow one in my house, never never never. I wouldn't let my cousin bring one in in her suitcase.  She was so stubborn and insisted she had 2nd Amendment rights. I told her she did and she could sleep in a motel.  The stubborn gal did!  I was pleased with my rights! We need to take them away from people and to heck with the 2nd Amendment!That's your choice...but I hope you never need to defend yourself, or you'll be dead. Cops don't magically instantly appear when a nut wants to kill you, as evidenced by many many annual murders where victims had no guns. And please, don't go walking in the woods either...if bear or mountain lion kills you I'd hate to hear about it. First rule of walking in the woods is "don't go without a gun".I mean you do realize your fear is irrational, right? You fear guns more than the flu, even though the flu kills 3 times as many people as guns do via murder. Guns kill less people than bicycles and swimming pools by accident.It's like being afraid to fly, and not being afraid to drive, even though cars are FAR motrel ikely to kill you...irrational.If you aren't almost 3 times more atfraid of the simple flu virus, cars, etc. than you are guns, then you are being irrational. That's beyond any argument...unless you have your definition of the word 'rational"...lol.1 vote#1.408 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 5:14 PM ESTProIndividual-3906907EDIT: "It's like being afraid to fly, and not being afraid to drive, even though cars are FAR more likely to kill you...irrational."1 vote#1.409 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 5:20 PM ESTMarmaduke49ProIndividual-3906907EDIT: "It's like being afraid to fly, and not being afraid to drive, even though cars are FAR more likely to kill you...irrational."This is true statistially, but psychologically  its about being in control.  If an accident happens in an airplace more then likely your dead. An air plane crashes, your dead.  With Car accidents people feel they are in some type of control, or that they feel they will live through collisions due to safety protections vehicles have.  Still statistically more people die in vehicle accidents, but its just how the mind works.#1.410 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:31 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices royalstar05RestoredMan, not another one. This is getting old. Maybe it is time to get some drones in the air for more security.15 votes#2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:36 AM ESTlynseypug???  so that drones can bomb the schools? 18 votes#2.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:45 AM ESTthe queenieI know right.....what the heck are drones gonna do???23 votes#2.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:46 AM ESTMike in Delraythe queenie....Then we can watch in RealTime, just like Benghazi and do nothing about it...29 votes#2.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:53 AM ESTroyalstar05Drones have tracking devices and cameras installed in them.3 votes#2.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:54 AM ESTnoncomsI think the drones reference was to the science fiction concept of floating guns, to shoot any criminal in the process of commiting a crime.  I can't remember which story it was from (Fahrenheit 451?).5 votes#2.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:56 AM ESTlittlechangesAnother day, another crackpot Rambo domestic terrorizing innocent people. How about America finally endeavors to figure out what makes so many U.S. males so violent, desperate for attention and prone to grab a gun to go shoot up their family, their next door neighbors, the nearest mall or school? At least this one isn't breathing anymore. If they do it to be remembered, it isn't working, since there are so many of these nutbags that no one but the victim's families can recall their names or faces a week after these shootings/standoffs.23 votes#2.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:42 AM ESTG_RockMaybe just install cameras in the homes of all Americans??  Maybe install TSA-like security checkpoints outside the front door of every home?  Would that be enough security for you?  You simply can't protect everyone all of the time without taking away the freedoms of law abiding citizens.  13 votes#2.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:44 AM ESTBarlow-1919963Talk about over a cliff.  Our national "cup of violence" runneth over.  All the years of Rambo, the NRA, the violent video games, Bonnie and Clyde (they were from the '30s), The Untouchables, Robocop, and this just a few.  How much violence has to be in a persons life before it seeps out.  These people are walking around on their last shreds of sanity, then something happens and the go over the moral cliff, and become a killer of innocents.  They are so repelled by what they have done, take their own life.  People that live by the sword, die by........., as it were.  I guess the real question is how many more of these ticking time bombs are walking around close to us?  As in the words of the bad guy's friend on True Grit, "he never did me any wrong, till he kilt me"!  The real pisser is that it is almost Christmas.7 votes#2.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:07 PM ESTSabastian SamonteDrones in the sky? In American Air space?! Stupid concept, sounds like you never been deployed to a forward combat zone. When you see Drones flying around American air space, thats when your liberty, "freedom" no longer exist. Either way I'm going to be the @!$%# thats going to be enforcing that law on to civilians so to me preach it bro, better to be a lion than a sheep. Oo-rah#2.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:21 PM ESTnancyMelvinDeletedMike in DelrayOK...This is way more serious than just a shooting....latest reports have at least5 children and 5 adults dead... maybe more...( now saying 26 Dead !!!)Schools will be a favorite place for spurned lovers, divorcing parents, disgruntled fired employees to carry out their dastardly deeds because everyone knows that No One in a school is armed....Might as well have a sign at every entrance :________________________________________            ATTENTION CRIMINALS               GUN FREE ZONEAll Law Abiding Faculty, Staff and Students of this Institution    Have been Disarmed for Your Convenience______________________________________________16 votes#2.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:59 PM ESTmike277I read 27 dead..18 are children. A lot wounded.POS humans in this world..kill yourself only... if you hate the world!To many wacko's thinking everything is a video game...that idiotic game Black Ops 3... sold over 500 million copies at $60 each.. ( its nothing but shooting and blood).7 votes#2.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:11 PM ESTkaybeetoysIt's time we acted on this epidemic of senseless gun violence!How many innocent people are going to die before we have a conversation about the proliferation of guns and the level of random violence in our society?Condolences to the children and their families...what a nightmare!12 votes#2.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:16 PM ESTIRESPOND-2315268 Comment collapsed by the communityThe NRA will say that GUNS DO NOT KILL. PEOPLE KILL...How many times have we heard this ASININE comment?GUNS KILL-----AND MANY INNOCENT CHILDREN ARE DEAD TODAY!!! THINK ABOUT THAT THE NEXT TIME THAT YOU PAY YOUR DUES TO THE NRA!!!!25 votes#2.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:19 PM ESTPragmatic-3918582This is a nightmare.Mike,________________________________________ATTENTION CRIMINALSGUN FREE ZONEAll Law Abiding Faculty, Staff and Students of this InstitutionHave been Disarmed for Your Convenience______________________________________________Defending yourself from a madman in a situation like this and playing hero is a fantasy. When gunshots are going off and you see somebody with a gun, you're gonna take them out anyway you can. You have no idea if that's the bad guy. And if that person is a good guy, they have no idea if you're part of the plot. It increases the chances of further injury and death needlessly. It turns a chaotic situation into a much worse chaotic situation. Then when the cops show up, they have no idea what's going on. They'll waste resources and risk lives detaining armed citizens who aren't the madman.12 votes#2.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:20 PM ESTPedestrian-in-SFWhat a horrible, tragic thing for so many families.  kaybeetoys, I'm with you.  How many more will it take before we can sit down at the table together and start addressing how to prevent these events insead of rushing to our corners and slinging accusations at one another?7 votes#2.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:22 PM ESTWayne LaPierre Comment collapsed by the communityThis was done by the Muslim-socialist Obama Administration so new laws could be passed to harrass gun owners or to outright confiscate our guns.  Fight back!4 votes#2.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:24 PM ESTTracy-2712120I hear a lot of talk about symptoms, but none about the root of the problem.  Guns aren't the root, they were around and more plentiful when I was in school, hell we carried them in a gun rack in the back window of our pickup truck.  We didn't shoot each other up, so if that isn't the problem, then what is.  Find that and you will have the million dollar answer.cop outs like video games and tv violence isn't going to cut it either.  Parents who wanna be friends is a good start, especially when they have no respect for anyone else so therefore don't teach it either!@Irespond, would read what you are screaming, but I don't like screamers.  You make yourself look like an idiot doing it.8 votes#2.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:27 PM ESTReginald K. DavisOh my God!!!!  My prayers go out for the poor babies, and the other people in this catastrophe!  Violence has become a way of life!  I don't know if any one source can be blamed for the desensitivity that we are seeing in our society!  This is heartbreaking!  God help those poor children!!!  The shooters do not deserve to die quickly.  They should have to deal with the sorrow and anger of the people who have been victimized by their senseless violence!  God help them all!11 votes#2.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:28 PM ESTROCCO1-604435The scum just had to kill kindergartens in a school.  I am so glad they got all four of these "f"ing monsters alive.  I want their deaths to be slow and as painful as possible.  Announce to the prison inmates who is coming to their prison.  Then put all of them in General Population and tell the inmates to take their time.1 vote#2.20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:31 PM ESTMike in DelrayPragmatic-3918582 ..(#2.15)..."This is a nightmare."Yes, it is....But why not let the Adults in schools Arm themselves ( with proper training) if they choose....Had someone in the Office or the teacher in that classroom been armed, the carnage may have been less.....A shootout is always better than a massacre.... My heart does ache for all those so devastated by this....8 votes#2.21 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:36 PM ESTChad-4213400Hate to say this but, all teachers should carry a gun to protect the kids.8 votes#2.22 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:37 PM ESTBrodie-1468713I don't cry, but I completely broke down bawled my eyes out for 20 minutes immediately after seeing this story. The thought of those parents not having their child come home tonight, or the Christmas presents that were meant for their kids.... It's just too emotional and enough is enough. I'm over lunatics ruining our society. The compassion has eroded/disintegrated. My chest hurts with sorrow for these families.19 votes#2.23 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:34 PM ESTJody5789Wayne,You are one deluded individual.  What a completely **** thing to write at this terrible time, get a life and go out and do a good deed.  You need some redemption.3 votes#2.24 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:41 PM ESTBrad Watson, Miami Comment collapsed by the community---Headlines---EVIL GUN-LOVER GOES ON SHOOTING RAMPAGE!NRA & OTHER EVIL GUN-LOVERS' RESPONSE, "BUY MORE GUNS!"(This headlines stored for the next evil gun-lover's shooting rampage. At the current rate, predicted within two weeks of 12/14/12.)2 votes#2.25 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:42 PM ESTBrad Watson, Miami Comment collapsed by the community---Headlines---EVIL GUN-LOVER GOES ON SHOOTING RAMPAGE!NRA & OTHER EVIL GUN-LOVERS' RESPONSE, "BUY MORE GUNS!"(This headlines stored for the next evil gun-lover's shooting rampage. At the current rate, predicted within two weeks of 12/14/12.)#2.26 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:43 PM ESTMarchantDefinitely never thought that I am now for GUN CONTROL.Yes, these maniacs can get them on the Black Market, Steal Them, but no one can massacre this many human beings/little innocent children with a knife, baseball bat, etc.If the Gun Control Law goes into effect, will they be able to obtain home made bombs---I just don't get the Violence, and sick people out there--our Country has gone to pieces--America the Beautiful, is now America the Murderers--Crime hasn't gone down at all--it is increasing--What are we going to do with the Maniacs; pls. identify them in your family and report them to Authorities.  Surely, this Mother and Father knew something about how crazy their son or sons were.  In reality, no one can put the whackos away, unless they agree to going into an Insane Asylum for recovery--My heart goes out to all the wonderful families who's children, or Adult relatives were slaughtered.  May they find Peace down the road of a very painful journey.  It is something that none of us can imagine.  Hold your children close, for no one knows what tomorrow will bring.Love your children, they are Gifts.  The American Public are also victims of this Tragedy--7 votes#2.27 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:23 PM ESTCoRavensFanOne parent picking up his 7-year-old son said the shooting was the most terrifying moment a parent can imagine and described the anguish of waiting to find out if his son was a victim and then running to his child.I would say the most terrifying moment would be for the parents that went there to pick up their child only to find they were dead. 5 votes#2.28 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:53 PM ESTVin1112Deletedoskar-1391552What is wrong in our society, what has changed , why now is more frequent this kind of actions. People had guns before and it did not happened like now. While atheist and Christian haters  push away our values , faith, family  and Christianity from our schools  , those incidents are increasing. This is my personal view.8 votes#2.30 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:03 PM ESTted Minot ndDamn what the hell is it with these people, i just can't comprehend what these people think1 vote#2.31 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:06 PM ESTlonerebBrad Watson there have been 14 incidents like this since 1927.  1 in 1927 guns were readily available in 1927. One in 1968 guns were readily available in 1968 too and for all the years in between. There have been 12 such incidents since 1998 when guns have been more restricted than at anytime in the history in this country. I suggest you look to what has changed in the culture of this country. BTW I live in a state with concealed carry and many peoople own guns and it is your restricted gun ownership states in which most of these incidents happen. So what is wrong with the thought patterns of people in this generation. I think it is that you have changed THOU SHALL NOT KILL to you can kill anytime someone is inconvienent or in your way. And that will not be repaired with restrictions on gun ownership.6 votes#2.32 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:08 PM ESTGetmadstaymadGeorge Washington said: "A free people ought not only be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from anyone who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.6 votes#2.33 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:08 PM ESTRobert in OregonHow pathetic are we?  An entire discussion thread (#1) of over 240 individual comments by people expressing their own points of view, "collapsed" (silenced) by a handful of individuals who cannot allow others to express opinions with which they do not agree. That's not only pathetic, it's un-American, folksWhat a wonderful society we have built in which rather than considering what others have to say, and responding to those comments with our own alternative ideas and opinions, ...we instead resort to attempting to silence them.Is this your response to the First Amendment free speech and free expression rights of others; just silence ("collapse") any comments of those with whom you disagree?And what are we to make of the Second Amendment supporters, here on this thread, who are collapsing (silencing) every comment about guns which does not appear to be fully supportive of gun possession?Is your defense of your personal Second Amendment rights that much more important to you than the First Amendment rights of everyone else? Is that your point, here?If so I have a question for you before you collapse my comment as well:  * How many children need to be murdered by guns, *how many children need to die accidentally by guns, *how many children need to be wounded and maimed by guns, *how many children need to be traumatized for life by witnessing the aftermath of gun violence ... before you will be moved enough emotionally on a human compassion level to even be willing to read, and listen, and consider the opinions of others who wish to have a rational, and open national conversation about gun ownership and gun possession which may differ from your own opinion?11 votes#2.34 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:10 PM ESToskar-1391552I understand that many people are angry , I'm too, but gun control will not stop this kind of evil incidents. This kind of people will not stop because they don't have a rifle, because they already have the intention to kill , so they will look for something else, could be a bomb, anthrax, gas anything. Better look what make those people kill even their own parents, instead of a simplistic answer , blame the guns. 5 votes#2.35 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:15 PM ESTbmillerohVin1112 - Crying for murdered children is a human reaction. Even if you don't like him, Obama may be more of a human being than you since your only comment on this horrific event was a ridiculous comment about him5 votes#2.36 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:17 PM ESTbobby673DeletedPistol InstructorIf it were that easy, if we could simply ban guns and it would solve the problem I would do it. Do you really believe it would solve anything? Can you get them all? Not just here but in adjacent countries, as well? Can we stop them from coming into the country? Understanding that many would like to repeal the 2nd amendment, which amendment is next? The 4th? The 6th? How bout the 9th? The 1st?  A strong argument could be made for provoking speeches and gestures that led to violence, all in the name of the 1st amendment.Our morality is polluted as a nation.3 votes#2.38 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:19 PM ESTponcho99Kids aren't murderd by the guns, it's your kid that was not brought up right or should be in a nut house, you did this.2 votes#2.39 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:20 PM ESTCoRavensFanUnfortunately, poncho, there are no "nut houses" any more.1 vote#2.40 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:26 PM ESTGetmadstaymadIn 1989 a guy named Patrick Purdy walked onto a schoolyard in Stockton Ca. killing 5 children and wounding 30. California enacted the Assault Weapons ban. There are still 100s of thousands of legally owned "Assault Weapons" in Ca. So why havnt there been anymore attacks in Ca. ???Why do all these shooters come from liberal families with liberal beliefs???2 votes#2.41 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:26 PM ESTBarlow-1919963GetmadI'll take that deal.  Have everybody give up their modern hand guns, the semi-autos, the hi-cap magazines, and issue to everybody a .49 cal., black powder muzzle loader, of George Washington's day. Perfect!!2 votes#2.42 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:27 PM ESTgenefmllrDoes anyone think that these killings are a result of the hopelessness created by the Obama Presidency?1 vote#2.43 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:34 PM ESTED-2874315If the Founders had any idea of the slaughter that would come out of the 2nd ammendment, they would never have proposed it in the first place.3 votes#2.44 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:35 PM ESTThaMonkehBest joke ever, bobby673. Only problem is, Abortion Clinic Bombings, the Crusades were hundreds to thousands of women and children were murdered (and raped!), so many others... you don't have to be Christian to be moral, as it's shown that Christians thenselves aren't above absolute evil actions. Fact of the matter is, people are losing the desire to just go out alone. They see that these people are getting slaps on the wrist. If we lived in a common sense nation, James Holmes (the Batman shooter) would have been executed, or allowed to kill himself.To be frank, this frelling creeps me out. It's one day after another, now that we're approaching Christmas. Maybe the season itself is inspiring the rage and destruction? Something's wrong here, but I don't think FauxNews and God are going to make you a better person, or stop this.Also, Robert. Please don't sit there complaining about your first amendment rights when you want to take away the amendment rights of another. The fact of the matter is, the amendment was used to protect us from tyranny. Psychos like this are ALWAYS going to exist. They'll use ANYTHING to kill, and most of the time they don't even use legal channels to do it. Please stop using our children, the reason the amendment was created, to protect them from tyranny, to strip it away. It didn't work it Britain, it won't work here.1 vote#2.45 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:36 PM ESTToddC-1160496Robert in Oregon An entire discussion thread (#1) of over 240 individual comments by people expressing their own points of view, "collapsed" (silenced) by a handful of individuals who cannot allow others to express opinions with which they do not agree.Well said Robert!  I don't necessarily agree with your gun-control beliefs, but regardless of what side of this (or any) issue you are on, one should be able to debate and discuss it with other adults and not have the discussion collapsed for simply expressing the 'wrong' beliefs.  The internet is supposed to be about freedom of ideas, and yet there is more 'thought police' going on here than anywhere it seems.That all said: My heart just breaks for these poor kids, families, friends and for everyone involved in this terrible tragedy.  And also for the extended family of the shooter as well - what a horrible tragedy they have to now deal with as well.  I know people are shouting 'bad parenting', but I'm guessing it's probably much more complicated than that.  Regardless, there is tragedy all around and my deepest sympathy to all.3 votes#2.46 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:36 PM EST25WalkerRontron Comment collapsed by the communityIt is probably more about failed parenting. Failing to teach children how to deal with lifes ups and downs.Disagreed. Probably, this shooting is due to a narcissistic nut, who had a good life, who had good future opportunities, but who still felt deprived in life. This aberrant person felt that he was entitled to more  money, control and recognition. This predator was angry. He allowed his anger to fester. He felt that he would release his anger and make a splash in the newspapers for himself, although after his mayhem and no longer alive. Unfortunately, in these cases the motives and delusional concepts of these "self-anointed kings" are always the same.#2.47 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:36 PM ESTthe TiGorAll the years of Rambo, the NRA, the violent video games, Bonnie and Clyde (they were from the '30s), The Untouchables, Robocop, Seriously, how much influence did any - and all - of these have in this incident? Very little to none! The man who perpetrated this massacre is said to have been 24 years of age. Robocop was now roughly a quarter of a century ago, and I believe the last Rambo film was, too. This young man likely had never even heard of Bonnie and Clyde, or the Untouchables. I probably had played any number of violent video games, but who knows to what extent or how much it would have influenced him. As far as young people are concerned, the NRA is highly overrated. They have very little traction with the under-30 crowd. Those who they concentrate on are much more established adults, preferably the ones who can afford a membership and would be of some benefit to the organization - exactly like most any other organization functions. They don't usually waste the resources trying to solicit people who aren't likely to join or contribute. POS humans in this world..kill yourself only... if you hate the world!Quite a few people take that route, those who merely seek to escape the world. It's those who feel the burning desire to strike back and avenge themselves on their way out that are causing problems like this.How many innocent people are going to die before we have a conversation about the proliferation of guns and the level of random violence in our society?We've been conversing about this for a number of years now, but do let me point out that this was not random in any sense. It was very targeted. Most of the children shot to death were in one classroom, it was reported, and it was his mother's classroom. It is quite possible that this young man had long felt that that his mother's students were more important than he ever was to her and his way of striking back was to start killing her students in front of her, before killing her, and then, himself.I hear a lot of talk about symptoms, but none about the root of the problem.I think a lot of it boils down to failed parenthoods. You cannot raise a child by just physically being there and seeing to it that your child has food, clothing, and shelter. Unfortunately, for any number of reasons, this is essentially what ends up happening much of the time. The child ends up being raised by other kids (a case of the blind leading the blind if there ever was one!) and by entertainment media. In our modern world, what an adult has to do to make a living from a career makes it extremely challenging to be available to be a parent the rest of the time. Note that pretty much all of these extreme mass killings in the last five years were committed by young men who were of such age that they were born after the point where it was excruciatingly common for single parent households or both parents holding full-time plus employment to be considered 'normal'.Yes, it is....But why not let the Adults in schools Arm themselves ( with proper training) if they choose....Had someone in the Office or the teacher in that classroom been armed, the carnage may have been less.....It's not a horrible idea, but it's not a practical idea, either. The best example of this happening would probably be Israel. I own a US Carbine, M1, manufactured by Inland Division of General Motors in mid-1944. I have no idea what US Army organization it was ever issued to during WWII or during the Korean Conflict. But I DO know that it was, at some point, given, sold, or loaned to Israel before it returned to the US. The little carbine was popular worldwide during the Cold War era for issue to 'police' type of forces. In Israel, the most common place these were issued was to schools. There were, I understand, actually full-time armed security guards safeguarding Israeli school children. I don't know that any teachers were armed per se, but the school was probably guarded better than most prisons were. Look at what happened in Israel in the 60's and 70's...terrorist attacks against schools and school children were a very real - and horrifying - possibility. Do also keep in mind that in Israel, virtually everyone except the completely unfit has been through compulsory military service and is quite familiar with firearms and the military. All teachers, regardless of gender, were probably veterans and most were still likely available for service in some reserve capacity. I'm sure you'll agree with me that the United States of America is NOTHING like Isreael in these respects and doing what they felt they had to do to safeguard their schools just isn't going to work for us anytime soon.Wayne,You are one deluded individual. What a completely **** thing to write at this terrible time, get a life and go out and do a good deed. You need some redemption.Trust me, Jody, his name isn't really Wayne LaPierre. He's just putting words in Wayne LaPierre's mouth for him. Too bad he doesn't realize that what he's doing makes his actual position look a lot worse than the one that Wayne LaPierre advocates for. If you've got to take issue with something, folks, at least do it honestly and fairly if you want to be taken seriously!If the Gun Control Law goes into effect, Which one? The Federal Firearms Act of 1934? The Federal Firearms Act of 1938? The Gun Control Act of 1968? And those are just the 'biggies'. There are very many more little, lesser known ones on top of a vast number of mere regulations imposed by the US Treasury Department.There is already a law against pretty much anything wrong you can do. Getting caught and penalized before one can do any harm or damage seems to be the hangup thus far...pls. identify them in your family and report them to Authorities.It's a start. Unfortunately, it doesn't work as smoothly as we'd like much of the time and if it's not successful in resulting in effective treatment (a tall order for any significant mental impairment at this late date, I fear) doing so can make the situation much worse. If you were hated before, getting the authorities involved but not accomplishing much in the process practically ensures that you'll be REALLY hated after that.Surely, this Mother and Father knew something about how crazy their son or sons wereI'm sure they had an inkling that something wasn't right. But to what extent was probably a real mystery. Part of bad blood between family members usually involves little to no communication. And, there's always that factor of denial involved. No one wants to admit to themselves that their children are 'broken' in any way.As I have stated earlier here, we live in a society that is extremely punishing to family life. If you want to have the means to provide for a comfortable existence for your family, you're going to work so much and so hard that you'll have precious little time to physically be there and you'll be so wiped out when you are that you will not be available to them in mind or spirit. If you do have the time to be there physically, you're probably very hard pressed to make ends meet and usually other problems that preclude your having a successful career job of some sort are screwing everything up, anyway. We won't even factor in the astounding number of unwanted, unloved children who are, and have been, out there. The way things have worked out in America, the odds are very much against any normal person having a healthy, well functioning family. Pretty much everything is working against you in achieving that!#2.48 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:37 PM ESTrodentwarriorI think everyone should read the two lines or so about Robert Licata and his son.  This was a six year old boy who knew exactly what to do once the shooting started.  He got the hell out of there quickly, out of the line of fire, with a small number of people.  It looks like this young man may have been the only person in the building who knew how to respond.  Talk about getting the job done under pressure.  Everyone owes this kid a tip of the cap.This should be a wake-up call to everyone that we need a complete overhaul on how schools respond to shooter incidents.  The herding of people into small rooms and corners, creating the classic "fish in a barrel" situation, has to end.  If this guy were tactically trained, given the response of school personnel, we would have seen an absolutely monstrous body count.  Having kids form human chains, remaining upright with their eyes closed, while clearing the building also has to end.  This is "ducks in the gallery" if you start talking about multiple shooters; any responders with those kids would likely be taken out in a multiple shooter scenario.What we need are drills and training that focus on "stay low, keep your eyes up, and disperse".  The more people know about how to spread out, the more difficult it will be for the shooter to kill people.  Classrooms need to be redesigned for quick clearance.  This means multiple doors on classrooms and break-away windows on the first floor for people to bail through windows.  The floors need to be redesigned with more than only a handful of exits.  And everyone should know where their quickest way out is, depending on their location.  I look at things this way:  if you can make a kid into a junior crossing guard, you can train him for a safety or response team, where he can lead a small pack of students to a quick exit.The latest information coming in says that this incident was confined to approximately two rooms on one floor.  To me, this is proof-positive that hiding in large numbers in small, confined areas is the absolute worst thing you could possibly do.  It also says that this guy was not tactically trained and was your standard deranged individual looking to take out as many people as he could before taking himself out.  If this guy was tactical, he could have easily laid waste to everyone on that floor.  This country has yet to see the guy with training who goes into a school to kill with a purpose, and that's the guy you need to train for; if you train for him, you should be more than ready for guys like this one in Newtown.1 vote#2.49 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:37 PM ESTRon B-2757074http://irespond2315268.newsvine.com/IRESPOND,The DMV will say that CARS DO NOT KILL. PEOPLE KILL...How many times have we heard this ASININE comment?CARS KILL-----AND MANY INNOCENT CHILDREN ARE DEAD TODAY!!! THINK ABOUT THAT THE NEXT TIME THAT YOU PAY YOUR FEES TO THE DMV!!!!I took a couple of liberties with your anti-gun rant. Don't blame the gun, blame the user. Before guns, and even still today, people were chopped up, stabbed, strangled, bashed, hanged, burned, trampled, drowned, poisoned, etc. You can't stop someone from killing, but with the means at hand to defend oneself a person can be stopped from killing unopposed.Were you one of the people who cheered for the young mother in Oklahoma who shot and killed the intruder, who was armed with a large knife, as he finally broke through her door while she was on the phone with a 911 operator? You can't have it both ways. If she were not armed then she and her baby may well have been murdered.Since Columbine, I have advocated that teachers should be given the option of being licensed to have a firearm in school. Properly secured firearms, with a few faculty members who have access and are trained to use them, would make the school a little more secure and could prevent some deaths in the event of other attacks.Why do you think that these nuts don't go into police stations and start shooting the place up? It's because police stations are not soft targets.Should a place of learning be free from violence? Yes. Is that going to stop a psychotic animal from attacking a school? No. What will stop maniac from attacking a school? The knowledge that there will be return fire.1 vote#2.50 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:43 PM ESTDoesitmatter?-3928063Unbelievable.  Over 2 dozen people killed and so many are using it as a reason to go on an anti-gun rant.  If guns were banned, this couldn't have happened. Yeah right. Heroin, cocaine, meth, etc are all illegal. See how thats working???I can't even imagine how these kids' parents are feeling. Life will never be the same for them and all you liberal idiots can do to use it to push your agenda3 votes#2.51 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:43 PM ESTRobert in Oregongenefmllr wrote:"Does anyone think that these killings are a result of the hopelessness created by the Obama Presidency?"Wow, seriously? Tell us, are you 'trolling', being sarcastic, ...or are you actually serious? (it's hard to tell sometimes on these discussion threads).If you are serious, then how do you account for all of the dozens of mass shootings, bombings, acts of mass murder which preceded Mr. Obama's  presidency (such as Columbine, Thurston, Oklahoma City, etc.) Were those acts just anticipatory of the "hopelessness" the perpetrators knew they were going to feel years or decades later, after Mr. Obama became president? Oh heck, why not just go with that. One ridiculous theory deserves another, right?4 votes#2.52 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:45 PM ESTJeanne Donaldsonvia FacebookBobby, what does being "liberal"  have to do with this tragedy?  Fox news is not exactly the path to heaven either. Monsters exist, this man was one of them and a belief in heaven or hell would make no difference to this evil person.   Perhaps he DID believe in heaven and hell, maybe he was raised in a church going home.. Other monsters like him were and it made no difference.  This is no time to promote a discussion regarding Fox news!  We have mothers and fathers this evening who have lost their children to pure evil with  no human empathy.  It is sad beyond belief and my heart aches for them.  Maybe you should pray for more compassion and understanding of your fellow Americans instead of being so devisive.  Morality doesn't depend on heaven or hell ,"liberal" or " conservative",  it is a condition of a good human being. 1 vote#2.53 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:46 PM ESTRick's RealIf this tragedy had occurred with the shooter being dressed in white robes, with a turban on his head yelling "Allah is great" instead of just another in a long line of troubled white kids dressed in black military clothes; this particular lunatic shooting his own mother and 20 precious babies and five other adults, there would be a weapons lockdown in this country faster than Saddam Hussein's hanging.We need, once and for all, to mind the domestic terrorists for a change.  They're murdering far more civilian Americans than the Arab terrorists we seem to fear so much.  When is enough enough?1 vote#2.54 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:53 PM ESTDee TurnerIn the U.K. last year, there were 60 gun-related homicides.  Here, there were 11,000.  That's 30 a day, 200 a week. Would we tolerate a jetliner going down once a week??Here, at gun shows you can buy a .50 caliber assault rifle capable of shooting a 1 foot deep hole in a concrete wall from a 1/4 mile away, without any regulations whatsoever. 40% of all firearms sold in this country are sold without any background check whatsoever.Is this reasonable?68% of shooters get their murder weapon from home, or from a family member's home. You are 43 times more likely to die at the hand of a family member than to shoot an intruder, if you have a gun in your home. Guns in the home turn angry arguments into violent deaths.Vin1112:  We have so many immigrants here from Mexico because our drug addictions and the overflow of our munitions have ruined their entire nation. Those here are hardworking, decent people. Who cries for them?The Second Amendment was never interpreted to give individuals a right to carry arms--only this conservative Supreme Court, beholden to the Koch-sponsored political group ALEC and the NRA,has distorted its meaning.  Even if it had intended an individual right, rather than "the right of a private militia" as stated, this is not 1776 anymore. We are now a nation of 350 million, and we no longer hunt to feed ourselves.The solution must be two-fold: we need stringent gun regulations.  Nobody needs an assault rifle--those should remain the province of the military alone.We need stringent background checks.  One comment here asked, how do you tell if someone is mentally disturbed?  Psychiatrists in the U.S. routinely use one test, multi-choice, to determine levels of sanity/insanity--it takes about 20 minutes to fill out, and there's a rubric to match to it so results can be determined quickly.Law enforcement here hasn't even any means to determine if a person buys a significant amount of munitions in one place, then goes to another place and buys more. Knowledge is no infringement against your so-called right to own firearms. We have the technology to do so much more with intel alone!Second:  We must increase funding in healthcare to fund mental care adequately, and remove the stigma of seeking care for mental issues, especially among young men and boys. (Reagan dismantled the mental healthcare system in the U..S. in the 1980s.)It's just too easy to commit murder when you don't have to get blood on your hands. Studies have shown people are much more likely, for example, to give electric shocks if they  think the recipient is in another room than if the person is in front of them.  Punching somebody in the gut with a knife and being bloodied is sufficient to stop most.  But a gun?  People shoot, kill, and spend the rest of their lives broken and in mourning for the death of a loved one.SOLUTION:1A) Strict background checks, including the nationally accepted multi-choice psychiatric evaluation,1B) Cooperative intel among all law enforcement agencies to detect and respond to problems before they occur,1C) and strict regulations to gradually limit gun ownership as well as manufacture, as well as2A) Increased funding for mental health care, and2B) A TV ad war and more to soften attitudes about people who need mental health care, especially aimed at young men and boys.  Seeking help for depression and mental anxiety should be considered no differently than seeking stitches for open wound injuries and treatment for mumps, measles, and chickenpox.All of this can be achieved without taking a single gun from law-abiding folks who currently own them.PLEASE think!: We can have 60 gun deaths a year eventually, or watch the 11,000 a year number climb, with more and more dead children and too small caskets all across the country. Today is the day to begun this discussion in earnest.We don't have to take guns away from law-abiding folks who already own them.  We can, however, require all guns, including those now owned, to be legally registered.This week the Michigan Republican legislature not only passed so-called 'right to wok' legislation against their people's wish--they also made it legal for anyone to carry a concealed firearm in churches, schools, community parks--and they abolished the local county boards that issued gun permits for same. This is happening because the 1% Koch Brothers et al (through ALEC and the NRA) want all independent thinkers among us to die, either by destroying the social contract of government to care for its most vulnerable, or by outright murdering each other.  It's working just fine for the 1%.Deregulation of guns is actually killing gun owners and their families faster than it's killing the rest of us--gun owners are a primary target because most are independent thinkers--but they haven't realized this, yet.How's it working for the parents of those 20 children--and the rest of us?2 votes#2.55 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:54 PM ESTRobert in OregonGetmadstaymad wrote: " ...Why do all these shooters come from liberal families with liberal beliefs???"Because in your mind you want that to be factual. However, your 'idea' exists only in the realm of your own partisan imagination, rather than in the world of factual reality. You are entitled to make up your own mind, of course (and it would appear that you have), but you are not entitled to make up your own facts.  "You've got some 'splainin' to do, Lucy." Nice try, though.6 votes#2.56 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:56 PM ESTSharktopussieThe seed of this catastrophe started many years ago in the home of the mother and father of Adam Lanza and in the society Adam Lanza was brought up in. Through the school systems, the church, the political system, and humanities' tendency to "look the other way."Young Adam Lanza was a victim as surely as his family and these innocent children were and the loved ones now left behind to mourn this utter catastrophe.I am pretty sure there were quite a few people, IF THEY WERE HONEST WITH THEMSELVES, who saw Adam's insanity coming, but denial has a way of insulating people from what they really don't want to see.Over and over we watch these stories unfold of someone showing signs of distress, asking for help verbally and physically through "odd actions," yet, they are met with silence and denial, or worse, "Pop Psychology" and band-aids and "medications."If you see someone who looks like they need help, then DO something. At least talk to them. Try to get them help.This may have been a different scene if people were really paying attention to the silent suffering that Adam Lanza obviously endured, yet who was really there to help him?3 votes#2.57 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:57 PM ESTBeansterBobby, do you even know what you are talking about??? The term "secular" refers to worldly materialism, nonspiritualism. You use the term "non secular", which implies more spiritualism, as the motivation of this incident then, paradoxically, mention faith ("Heaven and Hell") as the remedy.To all others who inject politics as an element of this issue: Call me "liberal" or "non secular", label me "left", right, up, down, inside-out, or whatever.  I don't care about any of that. I  oppose the posession of guns simply because incidents like this are what happens when people possess an implement specifically designed to kill a living creature.1 vote#2.58 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:16 PM ESTJust WrongFirst, and most importantly, my sincerest condolences to all the families who lost loved ones today and to those whose children have been traumatized by this senseless act.Personally, I cannot get my head around these massive shootings or massacres, such as they are.  All I keep thinking is 'Why?  What is the point of this?  Why is it so important to kill so many?  How does this right a wrong - or how does this correct an injustice?'  I just don't get it.Clearly the shooter has mental problems, but how did he get a 2 guns?  What has to happen in this country before people get fed up and demand the restoration of mental institutions to care for the mentally ill?  And what has to happen before people demand stricter gun control  laws and the requirement that those who possess firearms MUST keep them in a locked cabinet SEPARATE from the locked cabinet that contains the bullets?2 votes#2.59 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:19 PM ESTdaddychefConscience requires me to start with prayers and tears for all those affected by this unbelievable tragedy. My heart goes out to all of you. I cannot imagine your pain.Now...I am often sickened by the stupidity of so many who reply to stories like these.  Instead of reaching out in heartfelt support to the victims, you use this forum as your stage to pose ill researched and thoughtless nonsense. Get a grip people! Finger pointing...assuming we know the root of the evil...pretending our opinions are facts...Today was a tragedy...let's start by giving our support to those who lost precious loved-ones.  Children! No greater gift on Earth! Wiped out. One lunatic.  Too cowardly to take himself out before taking the lives of the innocent.You want better gun control? Great! Get out and actually DO something about it. Is your two poorly constructed sentences here making a difference anywhere? No!  You think making a "Law" banning guns is the answer?  Good luck with that. If we have as much luck with banning guns as we have had with making narcotics illegal, then we are in serious trouble.  You may have noticed that only the non-law-abiding people out there have drugs, just as it would be with guns.  Too many in existence, and too many illegal ways to get them.  Most of the people who are carrying them out on the street, as opposed to keeping them in a gun safe at home, are legally not permitted to carry them because of their criminal background.  So how is some law going to prevent this? The best we can hope for is better control over the types of guns being sold in this country.As for parenting, video games, movies, etc...I am sure that some of each of these plays some role in our draw towards violence...Values, morals, religion (or the lack thereof)...Parents at work all the time, instead of home raising children to be responsible, contributing citizens...so many things, so many reasons. I am sure that each act of violence has its own roots, so there is no one magic pill ladies and gentleman.One thing we can do, though, is come together as a community and send our prayers to the victims.#2.60 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:21 PM ESTktbnelsonThis tragedy is not about guns, not about video games or any of the causes we so readily cite when another human falls off the edge, taking innocents with them.  We are seeing more and more of these acts because we see less and less of humanity in one another.  One has only to look to the sharp rise in the frequency and level of bullying in kids as young as two years old.  When it's all about me, me, me and compassion, caring, tolerance and respect for others are not the norm modeled by our parents, leaders, peers and heros this is what results.  We pay more for people to play games for our entertainment than to our teachers and care-givers then wonder why there are so many people living on the fringe of society of dependant on government welfare programs?  Wake up, learn who your neighbors are, reach out to another human, volunteer in your schools, nursing homes, retirement centers and TAKE YOUR KIDS WITH YOU!  Teach them to respect and nurture others and they in turn will learn to care for, respect and nurture themselves.  A life not given in service to others is an empty life.  Even a smile and a kind word to the person bagging your groceries or pumping your gas or waiting next to you at the bus stop is a service to that person.  The simple act of acknowledging someone as an individual can have a tremendous impact on that person.  My son said it best.... it all begins with love.To all the families, I offer you my deepest condolences.  There are no words to make it better, but I am sending you all love and prayers for the strength to get through this and not give in to the anger....Katie Boedeker-Nelson, BSN, RN2 votes#2.61 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:21 PM ESTBruce-3959380You know I do not have a gun in my home but I believe in the right of ownership. It is a real shame that a person with mental problems feels it is ok to kill or harm the innocent. if you think people will not find other ways just look at the number of children injured at a school in China today 22 children and one adult were knifed or last year when an axe was used in a China school. Do not forget the suicide bombers in the world that also kill the innocent. I feel for the family members and friends of those killed today as they have had their lives extremly upset by a sick member of our society and we have this problem throught out the world.1 vote#2.62 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:28 PM ESTRincewindGetmad, the key word in your quote is "disciplined", something which is severly missing in our current gun culture.Also, the key phrase from the 2nd amendment is "well regulated".2 votes#2.63 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:52 PM ESTMasterPirateWhy were the guns not locked up with someone mentally ill in the house? 1 vote#2.64 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:25 PM ESTdan-282760If there were no guns there are always bottles, rags and gasoline. A home made molotov cocktail will kill just as many, just as fast and more. The reality is that this man was nuts and was not getting the treatment he needed. He should have been in a hospital or in jail or some place where he could not hurt others. What better place to create mayhem than a school. The teachers are not allowed to be  armed, there is very little or no security and it will take 15 minutes to a half hour for anyne to sort it out and get an armed response. If guns were outlawed in the US violent crime would skyrocket. The gangs would take over even more than they already have and gun manufacturing would have moved to Mexico to supply the millions of gang bangers and violent jerks in this country. The people would be unarmed and unable to protect themselves. Almost every male citizen of Switzerland has a firearm and is trained to use it properly. Guns are not much of a problem there. It's violent jerks, not guns that are the problem.2 votes#2.65 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:17 PM ESTJohn Q Public-6353273 My heart aches for the parents that lost their children today. My thoughts and prayers are with you during this most terrible moment. Hold you kids near you during this most terrible day. Pray to Mary tonight to intercede. God bless all that sufferred.1 vote#2.66 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:54 PM ESTcommonsenseSRWhere the **** was Jesus? 20 children were killed, was he taking a nap?1 vote#2.67 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:00 AM ESTRonsonHere's the real truth.I was raised in the 70's and 80's in the good old days by my  good Christian parents who believe in God our Father in Heaven and Jesus  and I never heard of any shooting in a school or a any shooting in a  movie theater or any shooting in a mall in the 70's or 80's. The main reason all these mass shootings is happening lately  in schools and a movie theater and at malls the past decade is the fact  that our society has changed for the worse over the years mainly cause  as the years and decades go by 80% of our society has turned their backs  on God our Father in Heaven resulting in hate and evil and that  explains why most people are not friendly in public or at home and most  of the 80% of the people ignore people and gives them a mean look when  someone tries to be friendly and says hi to them or talk to them and  then the rage builds up.2nd reason: There is way to much violence on TV, movies,  video games and the internet. The 50's 60's 70's 80's before the  internet was invented and before graphic violent shooting video games  was invented and before they allowed violent blood and gore on TV and  movies America our country was a lot more safer place cause when we was  kids we played with each other in a friendly way like biking,  basketball, board games and toys or get out and play in the yard etc.  The past 20 years our new generation of kids has grown up watching to  much violence on TV, violent movies, violent video games especially and  the violence on the internet especially you tube videos etc.3rd reason: It's not a "We The People" society anymore its "All About Me Me Me" Greedy society.It's not God our Father in Heaven or Jesus fault this happen.  It's 80% our society in general fault for turning their backs on God  our Father in Heaven and Jesus. Love not Hate. Peace not War.1 vote#2.68 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:00 AM ESTwarthog213-984171Check out my post #1.398 for a real solution to this problem....#2.69 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:13 AM ESTRon B-2757074Warthog,How are unarmed guards doing pat downs going to stop an armed person intent on killing? Will they stop the murderer with harsh words and threats? You do not have a solution. You have a fantasy pipe dream.#2.70 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:34 PM ESTGneisenauSorry Dee but most if not all of your facts are crap or unprovable.  Try again.1 vote#2.71 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:36 PM ESTRon B-2757074I agree. Dee's facts are crap and her solutions are highly impractical or impossible.Cooperative intel among all law enforcement agencies to detect and respond to problems before they occurAre you suggesting that law enforcement be able to see into the future? Did you see that in a Tom Cruise movie?and strict regulations to gradually limit gun ownership as well as manufactureAll of this can be achieved without taking a single gun from law-abiding folks who currently own them.How exactly do you limit gun ownership without taking guns away? Are you trying to be sneaky like California? Remember when they told Californians to register their firearms? They stated that nobody was going to take their weapons but they had to be registered. Lo and behold, a short time after registration there was a weapons ban and those registerd guns were confiscated and some owners were even sent to prison for owning those newly banned weapons.We don't have to take guns away from law-abiding folks who already own them.  We can, however, require all guns, including those now owned, to be legally registeredThe firearms used in this shooting were registered. Registering a weapon will not prevent firearm deaths. The only purpose for registration of all firearms is to be able to identify the owners so that those firearms can be quickly confiscated should an unconstitutional ban be put into effect. Also, remember that only law abiding citizens would register their weapons. Not a single gang member or career criminal would do so.I do agree that more should be done to ensure that mentally deficient persons do not have access to firearms. That is a reasonable talking point.1 vote#2.72 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 12:08 AM ESTChris from YucaipaMike in Delraythe queenie....Then we can watch in RealTime, just like Benghazi and do nothing about it...Really? Because I'm pretty that 20 mins after that drone took up circling the compound, the CIA had the rest of the staff evacuated back in the Annex. That sure doesn't sound like them doing nothing.What some people don't realize that of the 4 people killed, 2 of them died 5 hours later during the attack on the CIA Annex, not the consulate.1 vote#2.73 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 12:27 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices GrampaSImpsonRestoredwell, ya know ...if not a gun, a knife woulda been used... should give guns to everyone... guns don't kill, etcdid I forget any?30 votes#3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:38 AM ESTelisem1896I'm so sick of that attitude - that if there were no guns the criminals would find another way to kill people.  No sh!t.  But it's a lot harder to murder people with a knife than a gun, and it's a lot easier for potential victims to get out of harms way when someone is wielding a knife rather than shooting a gun.  Guns FACILITATE the easy murder of people.  They make it simple.  You want to cause carnage?  Just point and shoot.  You don't even have to get close...And for all those boo-hooing about needing guns for protection, how often does your average American protect their own life or the lives of their family with a semi-automatic weapon?  You are more likely to kill yourself and/or your family than protect them with your gun...You want a rifle to hunt with, that's one thing, but these hand guns are good for one thing - killing other people...71 votes#3.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:13 AM ESTgday67 Comment collapsed by the communityHere's an even better idea. Let's just ban people. Then guns wouldn't be used to kill anything.13 votes#3.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:21 AM ESTlilirocksWhy have any laws at all if people are going to break them, right?8 votes#3.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:06 PM ESTRoberta from Maine Comment collapsed by the communityI am not for gun control, My guns have never shot anyone, but have protected me a few times, from threats. If we get gun control the bad guys will still have their guns and how then can we protect ourselves and our families?15 votes#3.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:07 PM ESTMac ForresterI'll just be gwaddamned! US is becoming the worlds hell.12 votes#3.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:12 PM ESTlonecowGuns for hunting should be banned too.  Anyone who wants to go out and kill for fun (human or animal) is sick in the head.  Hunters just kill because they have one shred of conscious left that prevents them from killing humans, but they are still taking out their anger and rage of their own pathetic lives on other animals.If you own a gun of any kind and you have used it to take the life of any animal.  You are pathetic. The excuse that use the animal meat is brain dead as well.  Go to the grocery and buy a steak.  I'm sick of people trying to convince me deer meat tastes good.  No.  It tastes like ass.14 votes#3.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:17 PM ESToppie-1383989I suppose we could just use knives to protect ourselves. Some people say they can do the job also.2 votes#3.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:17 PM ESTMonkey@Keyboard Comment collapsed by the communityMac Forrester: Spend a few weeks in Somalia and you'll think America is a paradise, even with the shootings.10 votes#3.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:18 PM ESTLittleBearFNWhatever the stance or reasons; gun control, mental health, etc etc...  The bottom line is THE SYSTEM IS BROKEN.  This needs to be seriously addressed and fixed in some way...14 votes#3.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:20 PM ESTmichelle-1073610I am so damned sick and tired of the BS about guns don't kill people!  Two 9mm Glocks found so far.  26 dead, 18 of them precious children, this is the real war on Christmas!  Dead children, wrecked families, so some a@#hole can carry around damned guns.  We are SICK of the crap, and we want something rational done!  The NRA and the crazies are in control, and we are losing our babies, it's wrong, evil, and must be stopped.33 votes#3.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:22 PM ESTLittleBearFNMonkey@Keyboard: Oh I see the logic.  At least we are not as bad as 'so and so' ...  Since when was being satisfied with the 'status quo' an American ideal???  WE ARE BETTER THAN THIS.7 votes#3.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:26 PM ESTLunkystraydogGod bless and god speed, prayers for the family's.8 votes#3.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:30 PM ESTJCnGAMIt is true.  Guns don't kill, they just make it easy.  And don't forget the one about how the world would be a safer place if everyone carried a gun.  I guess it goes to show you can rationalize just about anything if you ignore facts.13 votes#3.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:33 PM ESTAlant98You crazy Americans and your bloody "second amendment".11 votes#3.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:34 PM ESTIRESPOND-2315268We need to re-examine our laws. NEXT TIME THAT A POLITICIAN CAMPAIGNS  around and tells us how much fun it is to go 'HUNTNG' , THINK ABOUT HOW MANY PEOPLE REALLY USE THE GUNS TO GO 'HUNTING'UNLESS YOU CALL 'HUNTING' KILLING PEOPLE!!!9 votes#3.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:34 PM EST23 skidooFrom Sig Sauer's website:What makes the SIG SAUER pistols the weapons of choice for elite units around the world, and the smart choice for anyone? A hard-earned reputation for getting everything right  design, materials, precision manufacturing, ergonomics, function, safety, accuracy, reliability, durability, maintenance, accessories and options.Yes, perfect for the mass murder of children...The Devil is in the details Folks and it's time for an Exorcism!6 votes#3.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:35 PM ESTDina-749313Makes me want to leave work and go get my kids from school, if not for anything other than to hug them, hold them close and tell them how much I love them.  Sending peace and comfort to the families of these victims.  I have no other words...this has simply got to stop. 7 votes#3.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:35 PM ESTno more filbertMichele, it's BECAUSE THEY DON'T.  It takes someone at the other end to pull that trigger.  Just as it takes someone to take the drink, pull the knife, speed, turn fertilizer into an explosive, etc.  Why aren't you blaming the suspect?  I love it.  You blame an organization and a tool, but not the person who did it.  That's like saying the Nazi's didn't do the Holocaust, the gas chambers themselves did.  7 votes#3.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:39 PM ESTMorton McGonigalI'll take my chances running away from a guy with a knife.6 votes#3.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:39 PM ESTRoss DanielsWhen are we finally going to all agree that a 250 year old document needs to be amended to reflect the crazy world in which we live today. Stop clinging to a policy which has absolutely no relevance in today's world and let's start recognizing that something drastic needs to be done . Every day in the news people are being killed with guns. We need reform. Or maybe you'll tell me to go live in Canada, which is something I'm seriously considering.9 votes#3.20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:42 PM ESTpaw77Your idiocy amazes me. Here is a thought on gun control. CRIMINALS DON'T FOLLOW LAWS! All the gun laws would do is keep law abiding citizens from protecting themselves. And the comment "If you own a gun of any kind and you have used it to take the life of any animal.  You are pathetic."  What kind of nonsense is that? I own a lot of guns and i use them regularly. I also play Call of Duty. That does not mean i am a criminal or a killer. I am an intelligent, college graduate that was raised in West Virginia. I know the difference between right and wrong, I am a christian, and i know how to control my weapons. And hunting is not a way to "take out their anger and rage of their own pathetic lives on other animals". The problem is people try to baby their children instead of punishing them the way they deserve. The unpunished, brat children grow up thinking "i can do what i want, no one can tell me what to do. there are no consequences"  When you start living in reality and understand how the REAL world works then you can have the right to talk.21 votes#3.21 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:42 PM ESTGreen ManFirst, let me express my shock, horror, and continued dismay at the seemingly increasing occurrence of these events. My heart aches for the children, their parents, and the other victims. This is so senseless. Now let me add my utter revulsion for those who would use this tragedy to justify stripping the rights of others. The hue and cry for more unconstitutional gun bans is a thoughtless, knee-jerk reaction to tragedy. It is a simplistic response to a vastly complex and complicated social problem. The facts on this incident are not out yet, but I would be willing to wager this shooter suffered from some sort of emotional disturbance and had manifested signs of it long prior to this incident; signs which were likely ignored by those around him. Guns are not the problem, this is a complex social problem that will take honest examination to address. Let me point out, as have others here, there were already stiff Federal bans on taking firearms onto school property in place when this happened. Everyone who argues for more gun bans seems to forget the existence or purpose of the 2nd Amendment ... to enable the populace to resist a tyrannical government. Maybe that seems a far-fetched scenario at the moment, but no one can say with certainty what the future will hold for our descendants. Gun laws do NOT prevent gun crime; and I say this with some authority on the matter as a 24-year veteran of law enforcement. Our mental health infrastructure, or rather lack thereof, bears a huge portion of the blame in tragedies of this nature.21 votes#3.22 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:43 PM ESTb2708Gun control will NEVER solve this problem. The fact is some people are sick (crazy, psychotic, evil, or whatever). If guns are banned criminals will thrive even more knowing that people sleeping in their homes can't defend themselves, it will always be SO EASY to get a gun ... illegal or not. Every American does and should always have the right to own a gun, remember the world is very crazy, not just one American. The fact is we need a healthier culture.14 votes#3.23 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:45 PM ESTpgulrichFocusing on the guns aspect of this issue is missing the point. People who want to acquire weapons are going to get them no matter what laws are passed. Anyone remember the Brady Bill? Lot of good that did. The real point is what kind of sick bastard goes in and kills innocent people and in this case elementary school students. As a father myself, I shudder to imagine how the parents of both the dead and surving kids must feel and the relatives of the adults as well. One wonders why so many people seem to be going over the edge these days and whether there is anything that can be done to prevent more of same.7 votes#3.24 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:46 PM ESTRob-523523Gun control or not, the sad reality is crazies will find a way to kill, regardless of weapon.  In the Bath School disaster of 1927, in Bath Township, Michigan, a psycho killed 38 elementary school children, 2 teachers and 4 other adults before killing himself.  58 others were injured.  No gun was used.13 votes#3.25 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:48 PM ESTTim Parker Tiina Harrisonvia FacebookI want to know why noone noticed a random 20 year old walking around a school full of young children. That should hae put alarm bells in someones head. Also what did calling the president accomplish?9 votes#3.26 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:50 PM ESTaskurWhy does America refuse to believe we have a massive gun problem? Day after day, shooting after shooting, I am forced to listen to the same; "guns don't kill people..." crap and it makes me want to puke...automatic and semi-automatic weapons do kill people...news flash - it's what they are designed for...and they have no place in our society...the right to bear arms, by definition, requires limits...does the right to bear arms mean I can buy Nuclear arms? if there is going to be limits placed on this "right" then they should be intelligent limits set; not by special interest groups and multi-millionaire politicians living in guarded/gated communitites; but by a democratic process that puts the greater good at the forefront and not the eternal American drive for profit...5 votes#3.27 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:55 PM EST2lgitFrom what I've read, he was the father of one of the kids.  People probably knew him and didn't think anything of it.#3.28 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:00 PM ESTjohnnyappleseed12This is just horrible but some of you are so stupid. Do you really think having guns banned would've stopped this wacko?? He had no problem breaking the law by murdering people but some of you really believe that gun laws may have stopped him?And for those of you saying that it's tougher to kill someone with a knife and that it's easier to get away from a knife etc... ...these are criminals we're talking about, they don't care about laws, they probably won't have knives, they will have guns even if they're outlawed. If someone breaks into my home in the middle of the night, I want a fair shot at protecting myself and my family.  9 votes#3.29 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:11 PM ESTfyte 4 justiceWhat a terrible tragedy!  I think about how the families of the victims must feel.  My heart goes out to them,  I think about how I would feel if my child were the victim of such a senseless murderous rampage. The grief would be overwhelming. And, then I read posts from people who immediately jump to defend the culture of guns.  Phrases like, 'guns don't kill people', 'this is Obama's fault', 'if only all those teachers had guns', 'if not a gun it would have been a knife', make me wonder at the sheer stupidity and mindless paranoia of gun enthusiasts.  It doesn't seem to enter their minds that proliferation of guns makes it easy for mentally deranged persons to commit such terrible atrocities. Read the second amendment.  It doesn't say anything about using weapons to kill your neighbor, or his children.  It is not there to protect the unlimited sale of guns to anyone and everyone without restriction.  It doesn't mean that more and more powerful and deadly weapons should be delivered into the hands of mentally unbalanced individuals.  It says that the government should not infringe on a citizen's right to keep and bear arms so the country can have a 'well-regulated militia' for defense against foreign enemies.  Why can't we enforce the letter and intent of that amendment?            2 votes#3.30 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:20 PM ESTfyte 4 justiceWhat a terrible tragedy!  I think about how the families of the victims must feel.  My heart goes out to them,  I think about how I would feel if my child were the victim of such a senseless murderous rampage. The grief would be overwhelming. And, then I read posts from people who immediately jump to defend the culture of guns.  Phrases like, 'guns don't kill people', 'this is Obama's fault', 'if only all those teachers had guns', 'if not a gun it would have been a knife', make me wonder at the sheer stupidity and mindless paranoia of gun enthusiasts.  It doesn't seem to enter their minds that proliferation of guns makes it easy for mentally deranged persons to commit such terrible atrocities. Read the second amendment.  It doesn't say anything about using weapons to kill your neighbor, or his children.  It is not there to protect the unlimited sale of guns to anyone and everyone without restriction.  It doesn't mean that more and more powerful and deadly weapons should be delivered into the hands of mentally unbalanced individuals.  It says that the government should not infringe on a citizen's right to keep and bear arms so the country can have a 'well-regulated militia' for defense against foreign enemies.  Why can't we enforce the letter and intent of that amendment?            1 vote#3.31 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:23 PM ESTfyte 4 justiceWhat a terrible tragedy!  I think about how the families of the victims must feel.  My heart goes out to them,  I think about how I would feel if my child were the victim of such a senseless murderous rampage. The grief would be overwhelming. And, then I read posts from people who immediately jump to defend the culture of guns.  Phrases like, 'guns don't kill people', 'this is Obama's fault', 'if only all those teachers had guns', 'if not a gun it would have been a knife', make me wonder at the sheer stupidity and mindless paranoia of gun enthusiasts.  It doesn't seem to enter their minds that proliferation of guns makes it easy for mentally deranged persons to commit such terrible atrocities. Read the second amendment.  It doesn't say anything about using weapons to kill your neighbor, or his children.  It is not there to protect the unlimited sale of guns to anyone and everyone without restriction.  It doesn't mean that more and more powerful and deadly weapons should be delivered into the hands of mentally unbalanced individuals.  It says that the government should not infringe on a citizen's right to keep and bear arms so the country can have a 'well-regulated militia' for defense against foreign enemies.  Why can't we enforce the letter and intent of that amendment?            1 vote#3.32 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:23 PM ESTfyte 4 justiceI did not mean to repeat this post.  I received an error on the first two tries.  My apologies.#3.33 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:30 PM ESTRob80-4249854Gun control or not, the sad reality is crazies will find a way to kill,  regardless of weapon.  In the Bath School disaster of 1927, in Bath  Township, Michigan, a psycho killed 38 elementary school children, 2  teachers and 4 other adults before killing himself.  58 others were  injured.  No gun was used.WRONG!  He used a gun to detonate some of the explosives.3 votes#3.34 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:02 PM ESTDinathCome on people it's the indian not the arrow... The gun is a tool just like any other tool. Missuse can lead to bad things, but it is up to the individual to do these things. What needs to be addressed is the mental state of the country. Yes guns make the act easier, but people are focusing on the How when they need to be focusing on the Why. The easy answer, it's the guns... the hard answer, it's generations of angry youth, specifically young boys, growing up in broken homes with little to no consequences for their actions. The moral fabric of the country is unraveling and people are too busy arguing with one another about how it's happening instead of asking themselves why it is happening.6 votes#3.35 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:28 PM ESTRob80-4249854He had no problem breaking the law by murdering people but some of you really believe that gun laws may have stopped him?So by this logic, why bother having the law about murdering people?3 votes#3.36 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:40 PM ESTMarchantDefinitely never thought I am now for GUN CONTROL.Yes, these maniacs can get them on the Black Market, Steal Them, but no one can massacre this many human beings/little innocent children with a knife, baseball bat, etc.If the Gun Control Law goes into effect, will they be able to obtain home made bombs---I just don't get the Violence, and sick people out there--our Country has gone to pieces--America the Beautiful, is now America the Murderers--Crime hasn't gone down at all--it is increasing--What are we going to do with the Maniacs; pls. identify them in your family and report them to Authorities.  Surely, this Mother and Father knew something about how crazy their son or sons were.  In reality, no one can put the whackos away, unless they agree to going into an Insane Asylum for recovery--My heart goes out to all the wonderful families who's children, or Adult relatives were slaughtered.  May they find Peace down the road of a very painful journey.  It is something that none of us can imagine.  Hold your children close, for no one knows what tomorrow will bring. Love your children, they are Gifts.  The American Public are also victims of this Tragedy--5 votes#3.37 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:15 PM ESTWhats ina NameInterestingly enough, also today, some Chinese crazy man went on a stabbing rampage with a knife.  reported are 22 school children injured...  Notice how they are INJURED, not dead.If guns don't kill people, they certainly make it a whole lot easier.3 votes#3.38 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:36 PM ESTRob-523523"WRONG! He used a gun to detonate some of the explosives."Uh, not "WRONG."  A hunting rifle was used as a bomb-trigger only, and only on one of the three devices.  He would've used a fuse otherwise.  The gun itself was not used on any of his victims, including his wife, whom he'd beaten to death earlier in the day.But what's really your point with this?  Would you prefer I cite the scores of Chinese children killed in knife attacks in 2010 as alternate examples?I'm no fan of guns, but I'm pragmatic - I don't believe gun control will do anything to stop these senseless slaughters.3 votes#3.39 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:03 PM ESTGetmadstaymadGeorge Washington said: "A free people ought not only be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from anyone who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government.6 votes#3.40 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:10 PM ESTAdam6812These nutters will get the guns whether they are legal or not. While these crazy people are around, there will always be these horrific incidents. Allowing guns to be legal just allows innocent people to fight back, although I agree it woudn't really help in this case, I think that tightening gun controls woud not help.4 votes#3.41 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:11 PM ESTThaMonkehAww, this is adorable! Look at you all. You're willing to give up your constitutional rights so you'll feel safer. That's right big daddy Government, take away everyone's guns, that way the only one who'll have them is the ones that stole them, illegally modified/bought an illegal firearm... oh wait, wasn't that the case in a lot of these shootings? Yeah. Thing is, a lot of these guys either stole the guns, illegally modified them (ahem. ILLEGALLY. There, bold print for you), so outlawing guns means absolutely nothing. Nice try though!2 votes#3.42 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:28 PM ESTljstauthGun bans and/or restrictions based on "generalization" will prevent only those unaware.  Basic human nature has more than proven that anyone that can find an exploit, will abuse that exploit when they are passionate about what they are doing. In a nutshell, we have grown away from the morality defined behavior to the "Self expression".  If we teach children that how their feel overrides morality, we cannot be surpized when they ignore common decency, to act out their feelings.  If we teach out children right and wrong are arbitrary, you cannot be surpised to find that it comes to define anything.  Schools focus more on Self-esteem, but problem is that self-esteem and self expression sometimes needs to be set aside, when it conflicts to basic respect and love.In the perfect world, with perfect people, sure.. it makes sense, because self and community would be one and the same, but we are far from perfect...  Hypocricy lies on every side of any issue.  We holler and scream when people affend us, but we defend e same form of speech to others.  We say "tolerate", while demonstrating absolute intolerance for someone who has an opposing point of view.  We cry "hate" when someone says something against our point of view, then turn around and express hatred for anyone that doesn't agree.  Children pick up on these, those children grow into adults, and those cores stay untouched... then they teach their children, with each generation, the lines get blurred.  This is why the problems have increased.  Why "controlling" the situation is not going to fix it.  You don't need a gun.  The assumption that it would have not happened, if the guns were not legally optainable would be reckless and irresponsible.  Since we do not know what drove him to really do it, we have no idea, to what extend he would/would not have gone.Reasoning suggests, it wouldn't have taken too much effort to get to New York and find a back alley dealer willing to sell it to him.  Heck, maybe even passionate enough that he would have driven all the way to Mexico or Canada...  Maybe so passionate, he would have researched how to make a bomb.  Bomb large enough would be more worst.  Worst part, it's actually cheaper and easier.  This is why they use it as a primary in 3rd World Countries. ESPECIALLY IN THOUSE COUNTRIES THAT HAVE BANNED HANDGUNS! Just because media does not report it, doesn't mean it doesn't happen.  In fact, the fact they don't report half the stuff that goes on, only goes to prove the Associate Press is more concerned about their agenda.1 vote#3.43 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:37 PM ESTTodd GrezelFor all you idiots that thinks this is all about guns and politics, GET A CLUE. Why is it that all of the past shootings have been committed by people that are around the same age. I know for a fact that there re some kind of problem with our young people today. Theyre so dissillusioned and so parented so horribly. PARENTS ARE FAILING THIS COUNTRY. Simple as that. And oh yeah, just watch MSNBC for ten minutes and you'll see all the propaganda and hatemongering that seperates this country. PS. im only 34 and this stuff didnt happen when i was kid either.  We live in the ME generation instead of a WE generation. Young people have no idea what that means.4 votes#3.44 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:49 PM ESTDoesitmatter?-3928063hey fyte 4 justice, I understand you hate guns but what if he drove his car through the play ground at recess, could kill a LOT more than 20 kids then without even trying.  Would you go on a "outlaw all cars" rant then?Whats ina Name,  those 22 in China are only injured.....so far.  Who knows how many won't survive.  All that means is the psycho wasn't accurate with the knife, but he still attacked 22 people before he was stopped.   Wanna ban knives now?1 vote#3.45 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:53 PM ESTtiredobsTrace the guns used and see if he got them from the DOJ.  Probably not. Obama hasn't tried to cover this up yet.1 vote#3.46 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:56 PM ESTCharlotteSparks1DeletedGetmadstaymadThe only reason your not speaking German or Japanese right now is that 400,000 White Christian American men died in WW2 to defend your rights and freedoms. One of those rights is the right to have and to carry a gun. The Japanese leadership was asked "Why didnt you invade America after Pearl Harbor? Admiral Hirohito said " Because there are guns behind every blade of grass". Nuff said.4 votes#3.48 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:55 PM ESTWhats ina NameHey Doesitmatter, why don't you compare guns to something that's more like them.  Lets say nuclear weapons, they don't kill people.  People kill people.  So lets give nuclear weapons to Iran, North Korea and Hugo Chavez in Venezuela too.  They only want to use them for self defense right?See, I can make hyperbolic statements too.#3.49 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:58 AM ESTJob FanHow quick we forget.....as a country we are infants. Look at all of the political and social change that has occurred throughout the world.....look how many time governments have changed in China, the Roman Empire, the Ottomans so on and so forth. No one anticipated Hitler would do what he did & YES he was elected. To think we are, as a juvenile nation, immune from this is ignorant. Our right to own guns of all sorts allows up to protect ourselves from our government. This is why the framers of our constitution allowed us to keep them.....to ensure our freedom.To those of your who say they could not have imagined what guns today would be like as opposed to those they had at the time.....it is important to remember that a person such as Ben Franklin was smart enough to understand that and know the government would advance so no limits were set.Furthermore Franklin also said if we are willing to sacrifice freedom for safety then we deserve neither. To those who say hunting should be outlawed too and they should just get meat at the grocery store....be sure to do some research and compare the cost1 vote#3.50 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 10:24 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Keith Miller-280649RestoredWhat a crazy Ungodly world we live in, This is what you get when society thinks of nothing but their own happiness and what is missing in their lives instead of the blessing we do have. Loneliness and a feeling of no purpose worth while.62 votes#4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:39 AM ESTSarita Shires Comment collapsed by the communityKeith Miller - WTF are you rambling about??!!24 votes#4.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:23 AM ESTJeannie Glaspyvia Facebook Comment collapsed by the communityKeith religion has killed more people in history then any school yard or mall shooter....think on that.44 votes#4.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:43 AM ESTSabastian SamonteDude what kind of drugs are you taking? Religion is the number on cause of death in Human civilization...48 votes#4.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:23 PM ESTelyhimHow many atheists have been reported as killers? Life on this planet is even more precious if you don't believe in god.32 votes#4.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:12 PM ESTJohnnyM-3043203 Comment collapsed by the communityNo Sabastian. People are the number one cause of death in human civilization. If people actually read and understood the teachings of Jesus Christ, there would be no need to kill anyone. Thats the point. Only problem is man is drunken with power, and looking for a way to get part of the glory. Its insane how many cults/religions have people in it who think they are god lolJesus never once said to hurt any man. People must have missed the hell outta that point.42 votes#4.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:14 PM ESTdiffernetelyhim.. Shall we start with teh millions killed by Stalin, not to mention Pol Pot and even Mao.  Murder is murder, can we at least stop for a moment and all of us, whatever our beliefs, just spend a few minutes thinking about the survivors and the familes of the murdered.  Why does everything have to be about you and your beliefs (that you being more general than you elyhim).  I'm so horror stricken and all I can think about is the poor parents who are now devastated in the face of this unfathomable tragedy.21 votes#4.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:22 PM ESTArchitek9kieth didnt mention religion he said we are lacking God, to my knowledege anyone killing over religion already is lost to God17 votes#4.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:26 PM ESTdan05more people have been killed in the name of god than for any other reason. Perhaps you should consider that before you make your post.16 votes#4.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:30 PM ESTArchitek9coming down on Keith for his comment only makes you guys seem no better than the sword weilding gun toting religious fanatics you pin the worlds destruction on.15 votes#4.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:34 PM ESTMarcella-2891339As a Euopean living in this country I am totally AMAZED..when will you ever learn..when will you have gun control..how many more people need to die before you see the light?????Why does everyone sound so shocked?/ It happens almost every day.. and it will continue on  daily basis!24 votes#4.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:36 PM ESTwolfd89Who in their right mind would want to hurt kids? That person must be mentally illto have done this. I mean, murderers, robbers, gang members etc. Most if notall would never deliberately hurt children. This is so unbelievably sad. My thoughtsare with the victims and their families. Hopefully that sick SOB rots in Hellfor all eternity. 20 votes#4.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:36 PM ESTMattRCJohnnyM-3043203 you're so very wrong. Religion has been used as a catalyst to fuel emotions either logical or illogical. I understand your point about the readings being misunderstood, but a fair percentage of people don't think with reason, many things are taken out of context. Think of all the wars that involve relgion: The Crusades, Thirty Years' War, French Wars of Religion, or the countless terrorist acts, 9/11 is a great example, that led to a war that is still going on. 7 votes#4.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:37 PM ESTIRESPOND-2315268 Comment collapsed by the communityThis is not going to end until we change the gun laws. THERE ALWAYS WOULD BE NUT JOBS THAT WANT TO LEAVE THEIR "MARK"IN THE WORLD AS THE CRRAZIEST SOB THAT KILLED MORE PEOPLE TNAH THE PREVIOUS.NOW HE OWNS THE TITLE, INSTEAD OF THE A*****S OF COLUMBINE. WHO IS NEXT???23 votes#4.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:37 PM ESTSnakeboneJohnny:Jesus also said that love of money is the root of all evil.  People musta missed the hell out of that point too.  Like every evangelical Christian I've ever met...14 votes#4.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:37 PM ESTCurt-3684848If  the news would stop focusing on these violent acts so much and glorifying the  shootings I think it would go back to normal. Ever since Virginia tech  they've been putting too much attention on these acts of violence which  makes more people see them as a viable option to gain attention. I  sincerely blame the media almost as much as the shooters. The news stations have a duty to report the news but when they beat the story till it's dead and make sure it's noticed as much as possible just so they can make their paychecks it becomes downright public endangerment. They are making a quick buck off the glorification of mass murder. It is absolutely pathetic and NBC should be ashamed.17 votes#4.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:39 PM ESTWe-need-action-NowHow many more of these shootings need to happen at schools before we make sure our kids are safe again????   We need to have police at all schools and/or a metal detector that everyone has to walk through to enter any school.    How many of these sweet children have to die before we take action?9 votes#4.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:40 PM ESTno more filbertI'm guessing that's why Christians donate more money to charities than their counterparts?7 votes#4.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:40 PM ESTRyan-461484What the hell is wrong with you people, thinking a person could pull off something on this scale with a knife or a baseball bat?  Are you insane?15 votes#4.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:41 PM ESTbuzzlightyear2How long until we change the insane gun laws in this country?  NRA and the gun nut lobby has us by the b***s.   I have no problem with hunters having guns, or if someone wants to have a gun to protect his or her home.  But how many kids and innocents have to die until we can have some sensibility in the laws to prevent these kinds of massacres.   "Oh, yeah, it's not the gun that kills, but the person behind the gun" -- yeah, right, come on.  These kinds of guns were meant for one purpose only, and it ain't for hunting deer, folks.  I'm worried about our kids in the schools.  This is just getting ridiculous, we're becoming almost as bad as Mexico now in terms of wanton gun violence and murder of innocents.18 votes#4.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:43 PM ESTLunkystraydogGod bless , man this is one sad story, made me huge my kid. Criminals like this should not be out there.4 votes#4.20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:44 PM ESTpuffffi dont know about europe  but here in america when guns are outlawed  only outlaws will have  guns29 votes#4.21 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:45 PM ESTNeverpanic1Allow our educators to train and arm themselves is our only solution.3 votes#4.22 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:46 PM ESTgeorge6969It is wrong to kill I am sorry for the lose of life people need to just kill themselves it would be a lot better so if you own a gun look in the mirror get the gun and shoot yourself.4 votes#4.23 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:46 PM ESTShipwreckedWhat a sick society we have created! 13 votes#4.24 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:47 PM ESTRabid Cheese MonkeyT-Minus 30 Mins before "Dr." Phil and Ex-Lawyer Jack Thompson blame video games.T-Minus 5 Mins after that before it is discovered the shooters didn't play video games.3 votes#4.25 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:47 PM ESTMonkeyMoHow incredibly tragic. However, I would venture to guess the issue is not guns or gun control (that's like saying if you make drugs illegal there won't be any more drug abuse in the country!). Almost every time without fail when something like this happens, it's later revealed that people were concerned about the shooter, or that he/she didn't act "right", etc. Perhaps we would be better served making mental health services a priority in this country again, and ensuring that people like the guy at the movie theater in Colorado can get the help they actually need before committing acts like this. I'm just stunned that anyone could attack small children like this, and I'm thankful I'll never understand the motivation for such a thing.15 votes#4.26 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:49 PM ESTjohnQcitizenhe could have used poison gas and killed alot more.guns arent the problem.i agree with an earlier post a swift Draconian punishment televised is needed.the guy should be up for trial in a week2 votes#4.27 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:49 PM ESTT.K. AndersonHow many times must we hear "religion has killed more people than anything else"? The fact is, not even close! More people have been killed in territorial wars and at the hands of dictators than all religious war combined! In fact not twice but almost 4 times more! Research it! Now that that's cleared up. I guess were're going to get some more anti-gun rhetoric flying around by more knee jerk uneducated fools. In the end I'll bet a buck against a dime that somewhere this guy was known to be a nut and/or got weapons illegally through the Governments failure to process its own laws and/or stole the weapons etc., etc. My heart is for those families that lost their child. What a waste! There is no words on earth that can heal the hearts of these families. Speechless!11 votes#4.28 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:51 PM ESTP.O.-1013287Sadly, Religion does come into play.  And subtley, Everclear put it into lyrics when he says: "Cause there's a monster, livin' under my bed - whispering in my ear.  And there's an angel, with her hand on my head, she says I got nothing to fear...."This fits every "aggressive" religion in the world.  Peope listen to the monster (is that cable news, the internet, Rush Limbaugh, the Koran, theirJihaadist beliefs, the Crusades, their maifesto, etc.) and then there's that angel telling them they are "right"I'm a gun owner with a lifetime carry permit, but I will tell you this - anyone who says "Guns don't kill people..." are ignorant and selfish - but they are listening to that monster under their bed who is telling them that the UN, or Obama, (or insert your choice of names)is planing to take away their 2nd ammendment rights.B.S - this has gone too far.  It is time for a big change.9 votes#4.29 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:51 PM ESTSnakebonePufffffffff:The only accurate part of that sentence is that you don't know about Europe.There is still a shooter on the loose.  Where are all the American heroes?2 votes#4.30 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:51 PM ESTmoodsmExplosives? It's not just guns. #4.31 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:51 PM ESTHan Solo-3827968Check out the rest of the news....it can be done with any type of weapon, guns are obviously not the problem.  In China today it was a Knife.Just google"Villager slashes 22 kids with knife at elementary school gates in China"9 votes#4.32 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:51 PM ESTryanb2121I wish the shooter was still alive... so i could shoot him myself. Anyone that kills so many innocent, especially children, should get a bullet to the head in my opinion.4 votes#4.33 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:54 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582 Comment collapsed by the communityI hate you stupid gun people with your stupid gun culture!!!Sue the irresponsible NRA OUT OF EXISTENCE!!!!How much more CARNAGE until something is done??????????????????????????10 votes#4.34 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:56 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582 Comment collapsed by the communityYou F___CKING gun idiots just don't get it, do you?????????GUNS MAKE IT A WHOLE LOT EASIER TO KILL in MASS, QUICKLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!7 votes#4.35 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:57 PM ESTWe-need-action-NowReally, outlaw guns, so we can make sure we have no protection against these people???What is wrong with you?  Everyone already has one, you think they are just going to hand them in???  What we need is for parents to raise their kids with respect for others and their lives.  Kids need to have consequences for their actions.  Kids dont know consequences anymore; they dont have any.  My kids would be terrified to do something like that; I would have never even thought of something like that?   Parents need to pay attention to their kids and their kids problems also-they need to pay attention/discipline their kids again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  They need to put the fear of God in them again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!10 votes#4.36 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:57 PM ESTEnchanticalsOMG! What a horror for those poor little children. My heart goes out to all of you. There are no words to express the horror and disgust for anyone who would do this sort of thing.May God give you all the strength and peace you need to get through this hell. My heart, thoughts, and prayers are hugging you all. Marsha J. West3 votes#4.37 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:58 PM ESTroadlesstraveledyou cant govern bad people no matter how hard you try...i wish its wasn't this way..9 votes#4.38 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:58 PM ESTSeekingSanityMy thoughts and heartfelt sympathies go out to the children, parents, teachers, police and all emergency personnel involved today.  This will be etched in their minds forever and nothing will repair the damage done.Instead of bickering maybe we should begin to actually try to figure out how to stop these atrocities.  This has to stop - people should not be target practice for sick individuals.8 votes#4.39 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:58 PM EST-usa1967-As usual we have a couple idiots who want to ban guns. Maybe if the liberal greedy media would stop glorifying these insane bastards to prop up their profits it would help prevent them.10 votes#4.40 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:58 PM ESTlibertarian1976Marcella,Europe is simply sociologically different than this country. And as an American that has lived in Poland, I see the "benefits" of gun control everyday; from the tragic history of the country at the hands of its neighbors (repeatedly), to the current bureacracy that has many hold overs from the Communist era. I will always consider civilian arms ownership to be a cornerstone of a free country.5 votes#4.41 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:00 PM ESTcutmelooseYoure crazy as the left wing conspiracy! Every attack at school came from gothic misfits brain washed wiccan blood sucking vampire computer raised wantabes!  I blame the walking dead series1 vote#4.42 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:00 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582Not outlaw guns, braniac.Don't make it SSOOOOO easy to get them, stockpile, make deadlier models available,,Not rOCKET sCIENCE, eINSTEIN  JUST COMMON SENSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!7 votes#4.43 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:01 PM ESTGetReal-3945171My heartache and sincerest condolences go out to the family and friends of the victims, and the children who endured the trauma. No one who has not been through something like this can comprehend the hollowed out grief they will carry the rest of their lives.It isn't the guns - Kool-Aide worked in Jamestown. It is a society where so many have been pushed over the edge into madness and desperation. Doesn't anyone understand Nietzsche's quote? "The madman is not someone who has lost all reason; the madman is someone who has lost everything BUT their reason." 6 votes#4.44 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:01 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582Not outlaw guns, braniac.Don't make it SSOOOOO easy to get them, stockpile, make deadlier models available,,etcNot rOCKET sCIENCE, eINSTEIN JUST COMMON SENSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!4 votes#4.45 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:02 PM ESTWe-need-action-NowIn case you all haven't noticed, outlawing guns will not solve anything!!!!!!!!!  These kids/people are ALREADY doing illegal acts; Hmmm, you think they may get an illegal gun, duh!!!!!3 votes#4.46 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:02 PM ESTTodd-27Religion had nothing to do with this, gun control still had nothing to do with this, this was a random act of violence and unfortuantely human nature dictates us as a species to be violent. No animal in the world is more violent or territorial than we are. We idolize professional fighters calling them gladiators, we look up to action heroes saying that would be cool to do. The fact is if someone grows up without knowing the real life damage caused by these actions then they will be more prone to giving into this "glory" that they see. Now I was an amateur MMA fighter for about 10 years and I loved the sport as a whole because it teaches discipline and allows you to experience first hand the consequences of getting hit or anything like that. It's up to us as people to educate generations instead of ignoring this. History just keeps repeating itself, we kill and we kill whether it be by hand or with weapons man will constantly be at war with one another.2 votes#4.47 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:02 PM ESTTea TardedSeems your craneal cavititas is flarin' up again, Kieth of Jeebustan.#4.48 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:04 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582This is the problem - the idiots are stockpiling the guns...None of these jacktards understand common sense!!!Man, I hope Obama does something after this!!!!6 votes#4.49 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:04 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582 Comment collapsed by the communityThis is the problem - the idiots are stockpiling the guns...None of these jacktards understand common sense!!!Man, I hope Obama does something after this!!!!3 votes#4.50 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:04 PM ESTSeymour-1012100I imagine when this is investigated you will find that he was getting psych treatment and was on psych meds.  If you just do a cursory examination you find that the overwhelming majority of people who do this kind of thing have been taken psych meds.  And it's not surprising when you read on the label for these drugs that the side effects are homicidal and suicidal thoughts.But it's all good - big pharma, with the backing of our president, are making a killing...6 votes#4.51 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:06 PM ESTrob-carpenterno more filbert who told you that?  I've given to charities and no one has asked me my religion.1 vote#4.52 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:06 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582save your heartaches and do something about this nonsense before it affects you or a loved one!!!4 votes#4.53 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:06 PM ESTdirp Comment collapsed by the communityHow many more children have to die before we decide that it really is time to control guns ?4 votes#4.54 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:06 PM ESTrob-carpenterno more filbert who told you that?  I've given to charities and no one has asked me my religion.1 vote#4.55 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:06 PM ESTNumb3rTechHan Solo-3827968I agree that this may be a copycat murder that the criminal saw the story regarding the school killings in China today, except in China, the bad guy used a knife.  I do not understand people like this.  I doubt the murderer had a concealed carry license.I would definitely agree that a more thorough background check that includes asking family and acquaintances regarding uncontrollable anger and outbursts.  There are too many people out there that do have guns that are unstable or mentally ill.  It scares the heck out of me and that is one reason I believe in conceal carry licensing.  It should be allowed for licensed people to carry them into anyplace just for instances like this, except for bars or where drugs or alcohol is sold or served.    We have to stop this from happening, no matter what.My sincere prayers for the all that were killed, injured, the families and friends.  This should have not happened.  There does need to be better screening for violent tendencies.  For all that believe in a higher power, may you be blessed.1 vote#4.56 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:07 PM ESTReality Check-1104333Boy haggis is one angry dude......  He scares me just as much as the killer written about here.11 votes#4.57 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:07 PM EST-usa1967-haggis.......................take another hit off yur bong and get off your Mom's computer!!! 5 votes#4.58 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:08 PM ESTE_FAILIf only the children had guns too, this tragedy could have been avoided.6 votes#4.59 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:10 PM ESTMIke-680333How many people are killed at gun shows? Or gun ranges? Or shooting competitions? NONE.2nd amendment FTW.5 votes#4.60 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:11 PM ESTLester95I agree, if someone wants to commit an act of violence they will find a way to do it. Outlawing guns isn't the answer. But I will say that if one of the teachers, principle, or administrators did in fact have a concealed carrier permit and had a side arm, the gunman would have been taken care of before lives were taken.6 votes#4.61 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:11 PM ESTgary-309869Wake up! I grew up listening to radio and watching the beginning of TV. Everyone had guns them, my father , his father , my friends fathers. Many had fought in WW2 . We kids played cowboys and Indians , shooting each other. We played army with pistols , rifles , machine guns. We watched Gun smoke, Have Gun Will Travel , Wanted Dead or Alive on TV. All involved violence and guns.But , nothing like this happened.It is society that has changed. That's what's causing the proliferation of this type event today.8 votes#4.62 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:12 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582 Comment collapsed by the communityYou gun nuts are the ones to worry about .... just one little thing will have you firing one of your little toys at someone or something....And the NRA supports your little addictionThe time of reckoning is coming for the NRA and gun advocates.  This incident or something far worse will bring people to action!!!2 votes#4.63 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:12 PM ESTSadStateAmericaGuns aren't needed for people to attack and kill school children:The attack marks the latest in a series of violent assaults at elementary schools in China. In 2010, a total of 18 children were killed in four separate attacks. On March 23 of that year, Zheng Minsheng attacked children at an elementary school in Fujian Province, killing eight.http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-202_162-57559179/china-school-knife-attack-leaves-23-injured/Guns, religions, knives, don't kill people.  People kill people.By the way, I don't own a gun and if I did I would only own one and that would be for home protection only.2 votes#4.64 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:14 PM ESTDLMastonHaggisbingo......if you devoted as much energy into critical thinking as you do pursuing a failed ideology, you'd be much better off. You also must not pay attention to ALL of the news, just the news that supports your views. In China today, 22 children were killed/injured by a knife-wielding maniac. Gun laws are NOT the problem.......the fact that we are becoming a Secular Humanistic society has much, much more to do with it. "I can be moral without your God!", some say.......but I say that you WILL NOT hold yourself to the same standards as one who believes in something/some one bigger than themselves. This is horrific! This is tragic!What we need more of are parents being PARENTS!! Parents that are smart enough to say....there ARE winners and losers in the world, learn to deal with disappointment and bounce back even stronger! Teach your kids that the rules DO apply to them!!! There are rules, and most importantly......there are consequences to each and every action you take. I guarantee you.....if you raise your kids right, they WILL be your friends when they grow up......but you MUST be parents FIRST!! There is NOTHING wrong with a well-tempered, carefully administered course of discipline. I'm glad the shooter is dead, but the shooter is the worst kind of coward!! He shoots defenseless, innocent children and their teachers......and then, instead of facing the consequences of his actions, he takes the chicken waste option and (as it appears at the moment) takes his own life. What a waste!May the Maker bless these kids that survive (all of them, not just those injured physically), their families, and the families of the teachers that lost their lives today.5 votes#4.65 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:15 PM ESTLibraleeSure they will get a gun, but I'll bet a large percentage of guns they have stolen are from automobiles of legal gun owners or the homes of legal gun owners! #4.66 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:15 PM ESTSeekingSanitySeymour - how fitting that some moronic post puts the blame on President Obama.  Do you EVER tire of blaming him for all of the world's problems?  What did you do before he came along?  Who did you blame then?  What an incomprehensibly SICK post!6 votes#4.67 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:15 PM ESTBassman2012Gun control may not solve the ENTIRE problem, but it would make a CONSIDERABLE DENT in reducing the number of DEADLY ASSAULT rifles being freely distributed to UNSTABLE PEOPLE!!!!!!  Gun control certainly won't make things any WORSE!!!!  It is so LAUGHABLY EASY for ANYONE to obtain an ASSAULT WEAPON which has NO OTHER PURPOSE than to MURDER PEOPLE!!!!!!!  These weapons should be COMPLETELY BANNED immediately!!!!  There is ABSOLUTELY NO LOGICAL ARGUMENT for FAILING TO BAN THEM!!!!!!!!!! ASSAULT WEAPONS are designed for ASSAULTING and MURDERING PEOPLE!!  PERIOD!     DUH!!!!!!!!!!!4 votes#4.68 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:17 PM ESTLauren-2601308Wow haggisbingo-2225582, you sound so full of hate that I will not be supprised to someday read in the news that YOU have been responsible for more horried act not so much unlike what this news story is about. Chill out and calm down. You cannot "sue" the NRA for any of this. Matter fact the NRA supports gun laws and this man was just 20 years of age. In his state one would need to be 21 to own handguns like that what he used. Of course he might have stolen the guns, or they might have been owned by a friend but no matter. The guns were just the tools he used, but there we still a problem with this young mans thinking and it was only a matter of time before he did something. I suppose you would rather be used a bomb ? Taking away guns will not make the unhealthy better and it will NOT stop the dangerous from doing harm. I think at this point we need to all wait untill more of the true facts about what happened and why before we open our big mouth and talk about "hate" as you have done.3 votes#4.69 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:17 PM ESTTNSEVOLOutlawing guns isn't the answer.Maybe not, but sensible restrictions on the types of handguns allowed to be manufactured and the quantities that can be purchased would certainly help.3 votes#4.70 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:17 PM ESTRoadrunner0Do you know how many people were killed today from distracted drivers using cell phones??Do you know how many people were killed today from drunk drivers??The gun grabbers are crawling out from under their rocks again..Absolutely this is a tragedy!! But because one person goes loony tunes they have to run around like idiots wanting everyone to give up more of their rights.. You can not legislate safety or sanity and to think you can is insane..5 votes#4.71 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:17 PM ESTmarkl323allowing kids to bring guns to school will solve this problem. no need for gun ban.#4.72 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:17 PM ESTmanofmanytradesHmm.  This happened in a gun-free school zone in gun un-friendly connecticut.  Gun control at its finest.  BTW, check out these excerpts from an article in the LA times today..."BEIJING -- A man with a knife slashed 22 children and one adult outside an  elementary school in Henan province Friday morning, the worst such  incident in more than a year." "In 2010, nearly 20 children were killed and 50 wounded in a string of  copycat incidents around central China. China has strict gun control  laws, so knives are the weapon of choice in violent crimes."5 votes#4.73 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:17 PM ESTRoadrunner0Do you know how many people were killed today from distracted drivers using cell phones??Do you know how many people were killed today from drunk drivers??The gun grabbers are crawling out from under their rocks again..Absolutely this is a tragedy!! But because one person goes loony tunes they have to run around like idiots wanting everyone to give up more of their rights.. You can not legislate safety or sanity and to think you can is insane..4 votes#4.74 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:17 PM ESTKrista Miller-7469124As a mother of 2 children in school i cried when i saw this story makes it very hard to send your child off to school each day knowing things like this happen...people in this feed is fighting over religion and gun control instead of giving your prayers or condolences to the families that has lost their babies...these were young babies under 10 years old this man killed for no reason...they had nothing to do with gun control..doesn't matter what their religion was...they were pure innocent little children...and their parent's are beyond heart broken right now and will never be the same...my prayers go out to you and my heart is filled with pain for all who lost a loved one in this unnecessary tragedy...I think if something is not done to keep our children safe then there will be a bunch of children pulled out of school...i hope our president or someone will wake up and act...this should never happen if our kids can't be safe at school then what does that say about our leaders...since this is not the first time this has happend...too bad this man was found dead that was too easy for him...!!!4 votes#4.75 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:19 PM ESTSteamie2010Paging George Zimmerman. Paging George Zimmerman!2 votes#4.76 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:21 PM ESTformerGOPlapdogMany people, including me, see the issue this way: both distal causes (like a mental disorder) and proximate ones (like having a gun on one's person) matter in firearm deaths, but often gun enthusiasts focus uniquely on the distal causes, arguing that nothing can be done on the proximate side because anyone who would kill another human being with a gun would clearly find alternative means if a gun were not available. Our discussion has followed this well-worn pattern: the alternative means argument. Yet that idea is extremely hard to reconcile with data comparing firearm deaths across states with differing levels of gun control (see the link below.) Tony, I imagine that the precautions you support regarding gun ownership are among those the researchers studied - - assault weapons bans, trigger locks, and safe storage requirements. States with such restrictions on the proximate cause had fewer deaths. #Also, the alternative means argument leads to the prediction that murder rates should be consistent across the US and other wealthy countries. They are not:  the US has more homicides than other similar countries, driven largely by having more gun killings.These statistics back up arguments that gun control advocates make about limiting or eliminating personal access to firearms. Guns are more lethal and less personal killing implements than knives, hands, baseball bats, and the like that Belcher might have instead contemplating using to hurt his girlfriend. Being distant from the person youre hurting increases willingness to hurt (check out how differently people reacted in Milgrams infamous shock study when the person they thought they were shocking was in another room). Killing someone in a domestic dispute is an impulsive action, and having a more lethal, more distant means of harm available increases the risk of harm from angry impulses.4 votes#4.77 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:23 PM ESTbobbygordon6909There ought to be armed guards / or police officers on duty at every school.Why do we talk endlessly about gun control when we can take this simple step now?Gun control amounts to turning our entire country into a shooting gallery for insane criminals.3 votes#4.78 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:23 PM ESTretiredLtConn., like New York, already has some of the most restrictive gun laws in the country so gun control is evidently not the answer. In China, where guns are non-existent, an idiot walked into a school with a knife and stabbed 33 people. One of the problems is the way the media gives immortality to the shooters, which is just what they're looking for. We can't pass laws to eliminate stupidity. Please say a prayer for the victims and their families.3 votes#4.79 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:25 PM ESTlittebirdThe only thing I have to say is my thoughts and prayers go out to all of the families of loved ones involved in this that has been caused by some mentally sick deranged individuals.  4 votes#4.80 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:27 PM ESTAnitaBathhaggisbingo - your bold typeface and over use of capital letters and punctuation have certainly changed my point of view.  Only a person who can hit the same key over and over can make an informed comment.But seriously - this is a terrible tragedy and my heart goes out to anyone who was on the scene.  The survivors are going to have a long road of recovery in front of them.Until we find out more about the offender's motive(s), why are we even discussing religion?I also agree that the media's overreaction could be motivating this type of action.  Some nutcases want their moment of glory no matter what they have to do to get it.I'm a fence-sitter on gun rights.  Not really pro or anti gun.  But how about Timothy McVeigh and the bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City?  You can kill more people in a short period of time with a gun than a knife, but with a bomb you can make a high-powered assault rifle look like a water pistol.Most of all I'm saddened by the rush to blame and the rush to bash other people and their opinions and religious views rather than expressing grief and offering words of comfort.2 votes#4.81 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:27 PM ESTJon-998022You can not legislate safety or sanity and to think you can is insane..   - roadrunneroSot on RR.2 votes#4.82 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:28 PM ESTByron RaumIn case you all haven't noticed, outlawing guns will not solve  anything!!!!!!!!!  These kids/people are ALREADY doing illegal acts;  Hmmm, you think they may get an illegal gun, duh!!!!!So since we cannot prevent EVERY murder, we shouldn't try to prevent most murders.  Nice reasoning.Do you know what the 2nd Amendment says? Let me quote the relevant part for you:A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free  state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be  infringed.Are we living in security? I know someone who was at the mall at Oregon a few days ago. She could have been shot, luckily, she wasn't - she left as soon as she heard the commotion.But the way things are going, we are soon going to be an entire nation living with PTSD.#4.83 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:28 PM ESTCBurroughsAll of you yelling Gun Control, It Is the Guns Fault, etc., etc.,...  When will you wake up and realize it is not The Gun's Fault, we do not need Gun Control, we need 'CRIMINAL CONTROL'...  When someone is on Death Row, put them to Death, POST HASTE!  Make jail and prison unpleasant, bring back chain gangs, make them work for their keep...  Hell we make it a picnic to be a criminal, let's give victims the protection and guidance they derserve, not the criminal...  We let a criminal go because of a simple mistake, noway, punish who made the mistake, but the criminal still goes into the system... 2 votes#4.84 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:30 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582THe knife massacre is China is only ONE incident.  Mutiply that by the hundreds or thousands of GUN massacres.  Which PROVES my point:  IT MAKES IT EASIER when guns are easily available to everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!  Not hard to fathom...  Will it totally prevent - NO.  Will it lessen the massacres and severity of the attacks - YESSSSSS!!!!!JUST use some common senseANYTHING to reduce this harrible carage will be GOOD!!!!!2 votes#4.85 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:32 PM ESTsignman72Poeple need to keep thier guns locked up so 20 year olds can't get them. I bet he wasn't the owner of these guns!4 votes#4.86 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:34 PM ESTHarry - 1952Marcella & dirp, it isn't about the guns.  Unfortunately, it is a cultural thing that seems to be spreading throughout this country caused by a decline in our society's morals, poor parenting, and a copy cat mentality.  What's causing it, no one knows.  You could take the guns away, and those wanting to kill will still find a way to do so.To you gun control fanatics, it's the people who kill.  Not the guns.  People kill with clubs, knives, shovels (remember OJ Simpson? - eventhough he was found innocent), airliners (does 9-11 ring a bell to anyone?), and don't forget that people use bombs (Oklahoma City?).  You see if a person has the will and desire to kill, that person will find the means to kill.3 votes#4.87 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:34 PM ESTmoondog99To all people calling for more gun control.........YOU ARE DELUSIONAL.When will you get it thru your thick heads that violence is not a product of firearms, or firearms availability.  The violence we see today has much deeper roots; roots that are more likely a result of the liberalization of our society.  I'm not religious, and I'm not republican, nor democrat, my position comes from a rational analysis of what's happened to our society over the last 50 years:The breakdown of the nuclear familyThe intrusive laws regarding child discipline that prevent parents from "parenting"Placing Mental Health Issues on the back burner in our health care system/sThe glorification of violence in the media and news outletsThe promotion of class warfare by political partiesThe information overload that now prevails (especially for young developing minds)Just wishing that those "evil" guns disappear it the easy thing to do (though meaningless).  It's much harder to dig deeper to find the root cause of the violence.  Giving up the rights and freedoms Americans enjoy will do nothing about the violence, and worse provide the government with even more power over us as individuals (this is something we will all regret).I urge those with knee-jerk, call for more control, to give this matter more thought, or just quit doing the predictable and useless call for more gun control.The Dog7 votes#4.88 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:42 PM ESTTodd-27Stricter gun laws or eliminating gun availability will not eliminate someone's ability to get a gun, haggisbingo you are passionate about this but you are seriously whacked out. People in general are the problem not the access to guns. We have the capability to kill and because we use critical thinking we will find a better way to do it, because you eliminate a firearm doesn't mean the killing will stop. Given the chance or right situation every one of us would kill it's just a matter of whether or not we give into this desire and some people aren't strong enough to resist.#4.89 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:44 PM ESTJ_P_PatchesPal_1A 20 year old kid with two 9mm, yep, that's rational.If video games don't affect people - then why is it that after I play a car racing game at an arcade, I have to do a mental check two blocks away from the arcade to slow my car down (cuz I'm still in race mode)? Not everyone can do that mental check and separate reality from play.Interesting where tragedy takes some of your minds - blame and defend - very selfish.#4.90 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:53 PM EST1POVGun opponents are ignoring little details. Medical malpractice kills more people in the US than guns.  9/11 attacks took 2,998 lives...with planes.  Susan Smith drowned her children.  Anders Behring Breivik (Oslo) killed 77 people in two attacks. One was a bomb.  Kim Dae-han killed 198 and injured at least 147 when he set a train on fire.  Andrew Kehoe killed 45 people and injured 58 when he bombed an elementary school with dynamite.  I could provide thousands of examples of mass murderers who use weapons other than guns.  Poison on subways, knives in schools, bombs in public areas, etc..  Point is, guns are simply a tool. The Second Amendment has been in effect for more than 200 years.  There have been few significant gun law changes in the last few years.  However, the violence has escalated to alarming proportions.  What should be examined is the motives behind the violence.  Motive should be examined at least as diligently as gun control.What was the motive for poisoning a subway station, killing/injuring hundreds?  We shrug it off.  What was the motive for a murder/suicide by gun?  Who cares?  Motive gets trampled over and forgotten in the foaming at the mouth frenzy to get rid of guns.I'm not saying that there shouldn't be any control.  Every right has responsibility attached.  But when someone is bound to commit violence, the motive should be our priority.  Cain didn't use a gun.  Cavemen didn't use guns.  The Romans didn't use guns.  Guns weren't used in the Crusades. (Again, thousands of examples)3 votes#4.91 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:58 PM ESTme1234567891Keith religion has killed more people in history then any school yard or mall shooter....think on that.'Religion' as the great historical killer is such nonsense. True, bad people have used what we now distinguish as 'religion' to justify horrendous acts, but other ideologies not deemed 'religions' have been used as justification for acts of astonishing brutality - ie. look at the Regimes of China, Russia, and Cambodia that forced communism on their people and in the process murder hundreds of millions of people. So it is not 'religion' that is the problem. It is when ANY ideology is used to force a people into subservience. You have to remember that for most of history there has not been a separation of Religion and Science. And it is only very recently in history that societies have separated the two. 1 vote#4.92 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:03 PM ESTKalika ContardoMy heart goes out to these families. They're experienceing something that no one should ever have to experience. I can't imagine what they're going through right now, and hope that they get answers as to why and how this was able to happen.DLMaston -  "you WILL NOT hold yourself to the same standards as one who believes in something/some one bigger than themselves" -I find it funny that when people say something along these lines. Take a look at how those with "faith" act compared to those who are atheist or "agnostic". I've found time and time again that those with a specific faith orientation are LESS moral by our societies standards, NOT more, and there have been studies done suggesting this as well (google it, not sure which page I was reading). Personal experience has shown me this time and time again (friend lost her two kids in a custody battle because she's not christian and douch ex-husband was able to convince the judge that her faith was harmful to the children, my ex-boyfriend was evicted due to his faith and is now fighting a court battle to get his property back, late-best friend beaten to death by a "christian" afterschool group while in high school and NOT ONE of the kids served time for it, I can go on and on). The only "religious" group that HASN'T cause me personal tragedy or moral outrage on any level is the group that has no religion at all (atheist)! If these are the kind of "standards" you're talking about, humanity is better off without 'em.I know that this does not apply to all people who are of a particular faith, you can't judge an entire group by the actions of the few. . . . but after everything that I've experienced it's been the "morally faithful" that have come out of the woodwork to show how morally bankrupt humanity is, not the atheists.Best example yet? The first comment I read about this was "hows that godless society working out for ya?". Most disrespectful bullcrap I've ever read.2 votes#4.93 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:37 PM ESTsuseq1591How anyone in this world does not believe that the devil is lose on these evil people who take innocent lives is beyond me.   I believe that if we have God in our family that there is less potential to do wrong then people without God, but I also believe that if your parents have taught you right and wrong (even tho they may not believe in God) and that there is love in those families that there is also less potential to do wrong.  But how much more potential there is to do crazy stuff like this when you have parents that do not show love to their family and pretty much ignore them, then there is the chance that the devil can get ahold of these young people to do stuff like this.  There is a lot of people that are in a state of denial but the devil is lose in this world and  use people to do crazy stuff like this, just read the news.1 vote#4.94 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:56 PM ESTPhil-4041053Ryan-461484What  the hell is wrong with you people, thinking a person could pull off  something on this scale with a knife or a baseball bat?  Are you insane?Actually knives are a better option than firearms, no noise.  With the right training someone with a knife can do as much or greater damage because the precision is tighter and control is tighter.Everyone hears the popping of a firearm, few hear a silent knife.1 vote#4.95 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:11 PM ESTdesertfreak-hullAll these comments demonstrate the reasons why mankind is advancing from bad to worse!  Everyone has opinions, but not even world rulers can control the masses even if they were to get rid of guns.  Just as was pointed out, 22 kids slashed with knives in China.  Man has dominated man to his injury.  Only a ruler that can control the masses, that is a wonderful counselor, Prince of Peace, and rules in righteousness, is going to be able to turn things around.  We can argue, give opinions, come up with what we think are solutions, and just as history has demonstrated, imperfect rulers are not going to be able to rule imperfect subjects and get perfect co-operation and results.  But, most don't want to hear that.  Most want to keep hoping for this present system to right itself.  They scoff at people that have what they call 'blind faith' in what the bible teaches.  I suggest that it would be 'blind faith' to honestly believe that close to 7,000 years of mankind's history of running things himself has demonstrated that mankind is going to be able to make that happen.  And for those that don't believe in God at all, they don't have any satisfying answers on how to bring about lasting changes either.  Their solution to get rid of religion isn't going to change the fact that their atheistic cohorts are all going to have differing views on how to make things better also...so if you take the majorities stand on not trusting the bible, then you preach a message that we better hang on and accept what's going on.  One form of imperfect man, religious, ruling the same form of man, hasn't worked.  Imperfect atheists ruling imperfect atheists isn't going to work any better.  God's allowing mankind to set up his own standards has proven beyond a doubt that it does not belong to mankind to rule himself.  His sovereigntywill never be allowed to be challenged again.  I am certainly not blind to the fact that this is going to generate some angry responses.  Our god-given right to free will guarantees that.  But out free will does not sheild us from the consequences of our actions.  What our creator has prophesied about the conditions we see today are happening right on schedule.  What he says is going to happen in the future will be just as trustworthy.1 vote#4.96 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:19 PM ESTDoesitmatter?-3928063Let me try and make this clear to all you anti-gun idiots out there. We have gun control NOW!  You have to register and go through a background checks when you buy them legally.  Too bad criminals don't buy theirs legally.  In case you aren't aware, drugs are controlled too.  We sure don't have any problems with drugs in this country either, do we???#4.97 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:09 PM ESTPAUL in chicago-1569139an armed cop at every school. 1)  who is going to pay for that????2) so they shoot the rent-a-cop first and then start shooting the kids.  what would that help exactly?3)  shooting all the kids in one room just doesn't lent itself to the more armed cops at a school the better.  all the kids would be long dead before they ever get to the problem room. or get the door open.  you could kill 20-30 kids in less than 20 seconds. easy. meanwhile the rent-a-cop is still trying to find the problem.1 vote#4.98 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:15 PM ESTRaquel626I absolutely feel this could all be avoided! All the tax increases in all areas around the world why are there not metal detectors in schools ?? When i aproach my daughters school there are cameras pointed at me and i must state why i am there and be buzzed in walking right through the office i mean seriously this is rediculous and i feel after many shootings that have occured obviously something must be done! Spend the money and get metal detectors, nothing different then the ones we walk through at the airport or malls.#4.99 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:33 PM ESTbobbygordon6909If you think you can actually kill 20 people in 20 seconds you have never fired a handgun."Rent a cops" are cheap compared to teachers and school administrators... who also ought to be allowed to carry concealed weapons at work... you'll have to amend the Constitution at a cost of billions in order to take everyone's guns and...We can hire security for schools NOW... so why hasn't this simple, inexpensive and effective step not been taken? Because gun confiscation is the ultimate goal. Te Constitution confers the right to bear arms to the individual without caveat... for the protection of a free society... in essence a society wherein only the government is armed cannot be defined as free.Only a fool believes that self defense can be done by someone else.#4.100 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:40 PM ESTRonsonHere's the real truth.I was raised in the 70's and 80's in the good old days by my  good Christian parents who believe in God our Father in Heaven and Jesus  and I never heard of any shooting in a school or a any shooting in a  movie theater or any shooting in a mall in the 70's or 80's. The main reason all these mass shootings is happening lately  in schools and a movie theater and at malls the past decade is the fact  that our society has changed for the worse over the years mainly cause  as the years and decades go by 80% of our society has turned their backs  on God our Father in Heaven resulting in hate and evil and that  explains why most people are not friendly in public or at home and most  of the 80% of the people ignore people and gives them a mean look when  someone tries to be friendly and says hi to them or talk to them and  then the rage builds up.2nd reason: There is way to much violence on TV, movies,  video games and the internet. The 50's 60's 70's 80's before the  internet was invented and before graphic violent shooting video games  was invented and before they allowed violent blood and gore on TV and  movies America our country was a lot more safer place cause when we was  kids we played with each other in a friendly way like biking,  basketball, board games and toys or get out and play in the yard etc.  The past 20 years our new generation of kids has grown up watching to  much violence on TV, violent movies, violent video games especially and  the violence on the internet especially you tube videos etc.3rd reason: It's not a "We The People" society anymore its "All About Me Me Me" Greedy society.It's not God our Father in Heaven or Jesus fault this happen.  It's 80% our society in general fault for turning their backs on God  our Father in Heaven and Jesus. Love not Hate. Peace not War.1 vote#4.101 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:08 AM ESTUn RealAre you people serious right now have an argument on the same page that's say 28 families won't have their loved ones home again. Can't you put aside your republican, democrat, liberal, conservative bull crap and just pray those families can find some sort of healing at this time. My gosh what have we become? Can we not even come together as one at a time like this? 1 vote#4.102 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:07 AM ESTbobbygordon6909Debating the causes and solutions to the problem is one of the ways we come together in any crisis.Criticizing people for their thoughts is divisive and now is the time to have this discussion because if our society is transformed into a state wherein only the government is armed there may not be anymore discussion about anything.The first amendment is possible only because of the second amendment.It is foolish to pretend that self defense can be done for you by someone else.#4.103 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:24 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices rx7turb0WTH!!7 votes#5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:40 AM ESTChepe-3690015This is nucking futz5 votes#5.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:58 PM ESTTravis E.Can we talk less about gun control and more about the mental health problem that we are obviously facing in this nation?  This is just facking nuts!  They're killing babies now?52 votes#5.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:27 PM ESTGetmadstaymad Comment collapsed by the communityAnd you still cant figure out why these people are attacking kids? Who does it benefit? If your upset with the country or its direction why wouldn't you attack the law makers or the agencies of govt.? The real purpose of these attacks is to move the country to gun confiscation. If you took a car and rammed through a fence during recess you'd end up killing more children than with a gun. Yes cars are not made for killing people but they do kill over 30,000 every year. Dont give in. Demand that the government hold hearings on the CIA's manchurian candidate programs that have been in existence since the 50s. Sirhan Sirhan was one of these CIA brain washed people. Ive seen a video of the CIA psychiatrist that did Sirhan's brainwashing. He admitted to everything. Within a couple of weeks of making this video he was killed. Tell the gov. that you want them to account for every single CIA agent, handler, psychiatrist, and contracted individual. IF you do that you will find the people that are behind this. 13 votes#5.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:28 PM ESTCrazy Steve-1996926Yet another senseless shooting, when is America going to address this with some intelligence?Now, before I start in, I am a multi-gun owner but this stuff sickens me. I'm not a NRA member as I have violent disagreement with too much of their philosophy; some of the things they say make sense, but one place I part ways with them is their insistance on 'rights' and particularly their efforts to portray guns as 'commonplace' and a part of everyday life. Yes, they insist that education should be done but then turn around and again insist that this should be 'voluntary' as people need to take 'personal responsibility'. A nice ringing 'all-american' slogan, but it's just not working out.All gun owners should be licensed; we do this for plenty of other things and there's little or no objection to that. You need a license to operate a vehicle, practice medicine or dentistry, perform electrical or plumbing work (in most states), even hairdressers need licenses most places. All these things are regulated to protect public safety and prevent unqualified persons from harming others. I fail to see the difference with guns; this should be a no-brainer.Right here is where the hard-core gun nuts and the NRA start squealing that this will 'infringe' on their rights. But following their logic, this doesn't allow for any regulation on guns (as the NRA has demonstrated many times by their opposition to nearly every gun law) so guns should be available to anyone with the money to purchase one; children, convicted felons, certified crazies, anyone. If that's what they're really advocating (and many of the more extreme gun nuts do), then expect more incidents like this one or the mall shooting in Oregon, Columbine, Martin/Zimmerman, etc. You won't be safe anywhere, armed or not. And before someone brings up some antedotal story about how somebody defended themselves because they were armed, how many are dead from their own weapons? I personally know of at least two that were killed with their own guns and their attackers were unarmed.One thing seldom mentioned is that this is the only place in the constitution where the founders attempted to regulate a technology. This is a 18th century document, and I doubt they forsaw the coming of weapons that could fire shots at the rate of one per second with large-capacity magazines. A random shooter can't get off too many shots if using a muzzle-load flintlock before being overpowered by survivors.Are there other factors at work? Of course; violence in the media doesn't help, but realistically that only affects a small percentage of people who would likely find another weapon if not a gun. Watching video games won't turn you into a killer unless you run that way to start with.This shooting is at an elementary school, so the shooter can't be older than 12; where did he get the gun? You can almost bet that it belongs to his parent or a friends parent. Maybe the answer is trying the owner as accessory to murder; if some of these owners get long prison terms, that may help keep this out of our public schools. And I don't want to hear any bleeding-heart nonsense about how they lost their child; other parents lost theirs but their kids weren't armed. As parents, you are legally responsible for your child's actions.OK, edit. The update says this was an adult who came in, but all the reasons stay the same. Either some sanity needs to prevail, or our country is going to become an armed camp with fear as an everyday part of life.38 votes#5.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:31 PM ESTGeorgeBurnsWasRightGetmadstaymad-Seek medical care, please.24 votes#5.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:31 PM ESTIndigoKidAmen Travis E. - we are clearly a sick species and it's getting worse.We need to start looking at ourselves and our society and start making some changes.  NOW - before it's completely too late.This sort of thing is not going to stop until we make it stop.13 votes#5.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:31 PM ESTIndigoKidAmen Travis E. - we are clearly a sick species and it's getting worse.We need to start looking at ourselves and our society and start making some changes.  NOW - before it's completely too late.This sort of thing is not going to stop until we make it stop.4 votes#5.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:31 PM ESTDee TurnerThis is happening repeatedly because the conservative Supreme Court ruled that the Second Amendment applies to individuals--FOR THE FIRST TIME in history.  They changes over two hundred years of jurisprudence to make the NRA happy, and to help corporations that manufacture munitions.The result is carnage. It is to be expected. The same folks who despise illegals refuse to acknowledge it's our addictions and our munitions that are destroying Mexico, as well.No other civilized nation in the world allows everybody to own guns without stringently followed regulations. Here, anybody can buy guns at gun fairs with not a single regulation.What else do gun lovers expect?When will America wake up to its own history of extraordinary violence?26 votes#5.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:32 PM ESTvalhallaarwenI for one am so sick and tired of the one person who makes the following statement:   " Parent Stephen Delgiadice, whose 8-year-old daughter was not hurt, said he never could have imagined such carnage in the small bedroom community  where the police force has only three detectives."It's alarming, especially in Newtown, Connecticut, which we always thought was the safest place in America," he told The Associated Press."Guess what?  It happens everywhere, regardless of who you are, violence is equal opportunity as are criminals.  Violence will happen in big towns, small towns, city, rural, suburb etc. Why are folks surprised that this happened?  I am sorry it happened, but folks realize it can happen anywhere,anytime, always.16 votes#5.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:33 PM ESTLunkystraydogGod bless and prayers to the family's , this story made me go huge my kid, very sad day.10 votes#5.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:33 PM ESTkaybeetoysCan we have a national conversation about gun violence and mental illness now? Or do more children need to die first?33 votes#5.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:34 PM ESTCommon Sense-2004266Once again, note the age(s) of the psychotic murderer(s).  ME generation.14 votes#5.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:35 PM ESTMike BrutusIt takes something like this to tell you that we're a sick species?!! Really, guy? My recommendations: 1) Study history, 2) ask yourself why the hell we allow this species to arm itself to the teeth?13 votes#5.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:36 PM ESTstarsailingAn undercover investigation of online gun sales by New York City last year found that 62 percent of private gun sellers agreed to sell a firearm to a buyer who said he probably could not pass a background check.The killer in Wisc a few months ago was able to get his weapon this way. The website is being sued......too late...but none the less.Hug your children night and day, pay attention to what they view on TV, and video games. My own son is 24. After the divorce mom bought him all the violent video games the boys wanted. Looking back a few years, my son said last week...mom had no business buying  Grand theft auto etc......games for him...he said what a terrible message they give..they thought acting like that was normal.....now he knows better......she had mental health issues.....who knew...Again...hug your kids.....do something with them.....21 votes#5.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:36 PM ESTGetmadstaymad Comment collapsed by the communityAll these shooters are LIBERALS !!!!!!!!5 votes#5.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:37 PM ESTOnemanonewomanmarriageIt's not about increasing laws. It's about changing the hearts and minds of the way people think towards each other. No amout of laws will stop a person from doing what they want to do, and killing someone is not the answer to the problem. There is a huge communication breakdown in this young techno savvy generation.11 votes#5.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:40 PM ESTSeekingSanityGetmadstaymad - actually, just the opposite.  Most are dyed in the wool conservatives.  But, all are sick.19 votes#5.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:41 PM ESTMarcus D-4300696Video Games - The training tool for todays youth - Billions killed nightly on Tour of Duty - Can't be deniedParents are happy to have kids play killing games to keep them entertained and out of their hairYou can buy alcohol very easily - and teens figure ways to get it - drink it and drive as do so manyThousands are killed needlessly every year through the consumption of alcohol on highwaysThe health impact is equally destructiveBanning or Outlawing Alcohol is an answer to the deaths of thousands in America5 votes#5.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:42 PM ESTSeekingSanityMarcus - your entire post makes no sense.  Try staying on topiic!7 votes#5.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:42 PM ESTdixie09how did he get in someone tell me. i know alot of schools u have to be buzzed in to get in to the school3 votes#5.20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:43 PM ESTMnMom-1572867The shooter was 20 years old... Not a kid. His mother worked at the school, so there may be some sort of mental health or family issue.  I believe another person was killed at the home.  If this was only about gun control, it would be alot easier to try to grasp and fix the problem.  We are living in a weird society, with people not dealing with their problems in a healthy manner.  Too many broken homes, too much bullying, and too many young people who feel that they "don't fit in" with society.  Sad, sad, sad.14 votes#5.21 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:43 PM ESTNumb3rTechMy sincere prayers for the injured, deceased, family, friends and all of those affected by the senseless, insane actions of the obviously mentally ill person. Crazy Steve-1996926I agree.  There should have to be a license to purchase a weapon just like there is to carry one concealed.  Family and friends should be contacted to check for anger and violent tendency issues to see if the person wanting a license to own a gun is mentally stable. Also, if people were allowed to carry at the schools if they were licensed, this would definitely help stop this type of senseless tragedy.  Even if allowed, I doubt many would carry due to the children, but a few probably would. We will never be able to keep the criminal element from getting guns.  We gave too many to Mexico.  I will never understand people that can do this type of thing.  I believe in protecting myself, my family, my friends and my property.  I am still numb over this killing.  My prayers for all this terrible day.2 votes#5.22 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:51 PM ESTCanDaveGod Bless All those affected, to live in the greatest country in the world, this is very sad#5.23 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:52 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582 Comment collapsed by the communitySecede already and take your guns with you, gun nuts!!!16 votes#5.24 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:52 PM ESTdesrtrseLarry I have to disagree with you, guns are not for protection, guns are for killing and there is no way that having a gun should be justified in a civilized society. We are not a civilized society because there is no longer intelligent thought or creative process going on. Life has turned into a game of greed, and the attitude that for no reason other than mere existence, we are owed whatever we want. There is no more value in working for a living and caring about each other. We see this in all this craziness going on. All this violence is a result of the dumbing down of humanity. No purpose in life, expecting what we once worked for and no need to actually use your brain with all the technology creates a warped society supporting mental illness and distorted thinking. Very sad for this to happen so soon...13 votes#5.25 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:55 PM ESTDUCKIE!completely agree with you!!!!!!!!#5.26 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:55 PM ESTsnugglemouseSeriously, when do we say enough is enough?  It seems like every week now we hear of another shooting.  I do believe in the right to bear arms but I agree with the previous poster, I do not agree with all of the NRA's beliefs.  I do think it is time we have the government step in, before one more life is taken.  These poor parents I cannot imagine the pain they are feeling.  I pray for all of them and hope that God eases their pain. 7 votes#5.27 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:55 PM ESTBig Al-369306Sorry haggis we are the majority 8) you goJapan is a good place to start or Mexico 8) I think China and Russia are also good spots were there are no guns8 votes#5.28 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:58 PM ESTBrandon-1985771Dee,The problem isn't the guns. The problem is the people. The gun didn't pull it's own trigger. Anything can be a weapon so why are you so focused on firearms? Yes, it's obvious that firearms are what people use because they are relatively cheap and effective for killing people *inside*. But if you regulate guns then you will just see people resort to using their vehicles and running over crowds of people outside of a building. Are you then going to advocate regulations on who can buy a car?People do use what provides the least resistance for the most impact so if you increase resistance on something (i.e. guns) you just make them change their plan. And therein lies the real problem. The evil demons committing these acts against innocent men, women and children are the problem. They will do whatever it takes if they are hellbent on killing people. We need to fix the root of the problem, not just implement a workaround. If we don't and you get your way then after 5 or 10 years we'll have every single thing that could be a weapon under heavy regulation for no reason and we'll still have people finding ways to kill others.We have to start at a young age and help kids understand the sanctity of life so that when they become adults we don't have this problem of them acting like their own personal gang and killing people for what seems to be no reason.The other thing we can do, because even what I just mentioned isn't going to be 100% possible, is to give teachers weapons and weapons training so they can defend themselves because we can't put security guards everywhere. Some places can have them but it's still not effective (look at the shootings in Oregon for that; mall security was around but there weren't enough of them). People need to defend themselves because there will always be evil people. We just have to hope that for those who defend themselves they won't be mistakenly viewed as the original shooter when law enforcement *does* arrive.11 votes#5.29 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:01 PM ESTMike Brutushaggisbingo-2225582,I second that motion. Why the hell didn't we get rid of them in the first place - they'd be a white Mexico by now!3 votes#5.30 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:02 PM ESTLamarquiseHere's the problem:The 2nd Amendment is meant to ensure that the federal government is properly scared of the people... and as tragic and wrenching as this is, as a matter of policy it seems to me that the federal government is a whole lot more dangerous than random wackos like this. You can't abridge a personal right to bear arms and expect the people to be a properly effective check on the power of the federal government.As for mental illness, I wish there were better ways to screen--it's clearly legitimate to make it illegal to provide guns to those who are mentally ill or have a history of violence--but it's pretty hard to screen for this kind of mental pathology. It seems more like a sickness of the spirit than a true sickness of the mind. Something about these shooters is so dead, so beyond any natural human feeling, that they see killing innocents as a way to make their mark and bring some meaning to their existence or "avenge" perceived wrongs. The more attention they get, the more others think along the same lines. People need meaning. They need to be taught morals and values and empathy for others and that, in some way, in this life or beyond, they will have to answer for their conduct. Our society isn't teaching this to the younger generations.7 votes#5.31 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:04 PM ESTWill-1091847Why?!?The first time some idiot from the NRA says, "If someone there had a gun, this wouldn't have happened!" I will go nuts!If this crazy fool did not have a gun, this would not have happened.  It takes a one-year period with a permit and then a probationary period to get a driver's license.  There is a madatory 6-month waiting period to get a divorce.  You cannot get prescription antibiodics unless a doctor prescribes them for you.  You cannot legally buy marijuana anywhere because it has been deemed a harmful substance.HOWEVER, ANY idiot can buy a gun!  And the crazier they are, the more likely they are to buy one!  These children's blood be on the NRA's hands!6 votes#5.32 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:04 PM ESTMike BrutusBrandon-1985771,That argument is old and failed. The truth: guns don't kill people, people WITH GUNS kill people. So, get it straight and get the guns out. Your enjoyment of blowing s hit up doesn't supersede the right of these children to live without the chance of being shot by an armed psycho. And get it straight - the psychos are armed with GUNS!6 votes#5.33 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:05 PM ESTDoug-384925Wait for the repubs to be announcing that if the principal and/or teachers had been armed, fewer people would have been killed.2 votes#5.34 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:06 PM ESTJ_P_PatchesPal_1A 20 year old kid with two 9mm, yep, that's rational.If video games don't affect people - then why is it that after I play a car racing game at an arcade, I have to do a mental check two blocks away from the arcade to slow my car down (cuz I'm still in race mode)? Not everyone can do that mental check and separate reality from play.Interesting where tragedy takes some of your minds - blame and defend - very selfish.4 votes#5.35 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:07 PM ESTtomi j-3790262My heartfelt condolences to all affected by another senseless tragedy. I am beginning to become concerned about what may happen 1 week from today when the Mayan calendar expires. Until today, I was not at all worried about this, but the string of recent events, both here, and abroad, has created in me a strong sense of foreboding.1 vote#5.36 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:07 PM ESTStEvEnVaNgStAIn China, kids get slashed...in the USA, kids get shot!  Hmm...China is not that bad after all huh?  Thanks FAUX news!  p.s.  ban guns = less crimes.2 votes#5.37 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:08 PM ESTNumb3rTechMy prayers sincerely go out to all affected by this horrible tragedy.desrtrse and haggisbingo-2225582Until you have been shot at or lived in a dangerous neighborhood, please be quiet.  I have been shot at in our civilized world and just for the record, it is not that civilized anywhere.  I had a drug dealer across the street until I called the police on them.  A gun is made to kill, yes.  Having one is also a deterrent for the criminals.  This crime was not committed by a responsible person.This was the result of one seriously mentally ill individual who should not have had access to guns.  I doubt he owned the guns.  He was a 24 year old male. I firmly believe a better background check should be ran and checks with family and friends for violent or irrational outbursts and mental stability, for a person to purchase a gun.  We do need a better system to keep the guns out of the hands of the mentally ill.  A license to purchase a gun and a license to carry a gun would be fine with me.  I am not a member of the NRA either.  I do want the right to protect myself, my family, my friends and my property. 1 vote#5.38 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:09 PM ESTSubjecseroPretty sure the shooters facebook page is up, Ryan Lanza from Newtown. Seems like this sorta thing is happening every year.  So sad.  First the joker crazed individual who shot up a movie theatre and now this.  I just don't know what to say...such a tragedy.  I my heart goes out to the families.2 votes#5.39 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:11 PM ESTABDELKADER HAMDAOUIAmericans are too preoccupied with themselves and so much political correctness on the surface they are totally insensitive to others around them and indifferent to the vagary of people and trouble brewing in their midst that they fail to sense the volatility of potential danger and take measure to amortize or sanitize the situation and nip it early in the bud.2 votes#5.40 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:19 PM ESTnanais777I guess criminals follow strict gun laws or bans. Unfortunately when there is a will theres a way in this case too.3 votes#5.41 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:21 PM ESTCuongDNguyenYesterday from China, a knife wielding maniac injured 22 children with a knife and now 18 out of 26 children are death with gun in this news.Imagine the killer at Aurora theater is with a knife instead. I bet that soldier who shielded his girlfriend would kick that sorry ass in less than 1 minute.1 vote#5.42 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:26 PM ESTrmoonrockMy heart aches for those that lost loved ones in this tragity.  Especially for the parents of the children.  I wish some responsible person would have had a gun and shot the person (persons) that carried out this gross act before they could have carried this out.  Gun control only stops the honest and responsible people from owning guns.  The criminals will always find a way.  They do not care about breaking laws obviously.#5.43 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:29 PM ESTJonathan-1728701Now think about this people...just for 1 minute, just imagine that all school teachers were required to carry a gun... that it was manditory...They are required to attend regular safety courses and pratice...now a crazy goofball comes into a school... pulls a gun and shoots at a kid... the teachers draw and drop the crazy guy...NICE!Don't try to blame the guns... guns are amoral... it is the crazies that are to be blamed!Why don't you parents stop letting your kids watch all these horrible TV programs?Why don't you get involved in your kids lives instead of letting the schools and government tell them who they are...WHY DONT YOU GUYS STEP UP???1 vote#5.44 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:30 PM ESTlilirocksPsychological evaluation in addition to background checks before buying a gun. And mandatory evaluations yearly. That's the price of firearms.These people are not known criminals or hoodlums. If we need to keep the 2nd amendment, we need to deal with America's problem.1 vote#5.45 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:32 PM ESTtracifrostAmerica has a lot to answer for.#5.46 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:34 PM ESTywefailWith these shootings going on why don't our schools have security and have only one entrance unlocked during school. if there is only one door for someone to come in and a guard this may be able to be stopped before it every happens again.  I don't believe gun control is the problem. Most of the time these individuals get there fire arms from someone beside a dealer.{ Stolen or purchased off the street.} But the the true fact is that we should execute everyone off these criminals that doesnt kill them self or get killed in a shoot out instead of piling the bastards in prison and waisting tax dollars.. Use tax dollars to protect are kids.. instead keep them in prison  start making examples and do it publicly..#5.47 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:34 PM ESTtmoran62My god people,Why does this type of tragic occurrence become all of your personal pro gun anti gun dirty laundry washing.Please for the sake of these children and there families have some respect. Your bickering means nothing to those families and their losses. May god bless them all and my prayers are for those in grief tonight. May god help them all deal with their losses and ease their suffering.2 votes#5.48 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:45 PM ESTtimsw1@Brandon-1985771  "The problem isn't the guns. The problem is the people. The gun didn't pull it's own trigger. Anything can be a weapon so why are you so focused on firearms?"You are suggesting that firearms are not the root cause, logically maybe, but the fact remains firearms facilitate such heinous acts like this. One couldn't kill dozens within seconds wielding a knife or any "non-firearm" weapon this easily. Once can easily refute your statement that only people are capable of pulling the trigger. With sufficient training "apes" could do that too! but they would not do it intentionally.  However since the problem is the people then by that token they should not be allowed to possess  guns to prevent them from pulling the trigger. By extending your argument, If missiles and rockets were made legal, people would of course rush to purchase them to defend themselves from their neighbours and the federal government - but soon it might transpire that some trigger happy morons would just go ahead and use it anyways to create havoc and mayhem in the community. As a society we are far removed from humanitarian values that we are trying to sell to other countries. Cleaning the house is in order NOW!. Its time to at least ban concealed guns and make it a criminal offense including Jail time. Also beef up the security in all the important public places including workplace, schools and stadiums.#5.49 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:59 PM ESTCrazy Steve-1996926Well, I see the 'guns don't kill people, people kill people' apoligists have arrived. Sorry guys, but your arguments just don't hold water. Bringing up cars as an alternate 'weapon' is stupid; it's pretty hard to get a car inside a classroom, most malls, or a workplace. No, these crazies much prefer a confined space where their victims can't get away. And if a car is such a great weapon, then why haven't we seen this? They're certainly easier to acquire than a gun, but the fact remains that nearly all reported 'mass deaths by car' are either drivers (mostly elderly) who lose control, malfunctioning vehicles, or high speed is involved.Guns were invented to kill people, period. They found other uses later, but the initial use was to equalize soldiers. A small gun-wielding man was more powerful than a big man without one, and if both are armed they're the same. And to a large degree, that's still the fascination with them; 'I have a gun, so I'm more powerful than you'.There is no simple solution unfortunately; a gun ban will simply remove them from some law-abiding owners, convert some to lawbreakers, and the criminal element will ignore it. And there's so many out there, you'll never find them all.But that doesn't mean there's no solution; we just have to put our minds to it. Licensing all gun owners would be a start, with some stout requirements. Mandatory education, proper storage, a spotlessly clean police record (and I'd include traffic tickets at least to some degree; get a ticket, you're a lawbreaker aren't you?), mental health check. Anybody buying, selling, trading, or possessing a gun without a license gets a mandatory felony prison sentence, and make it big enough to hurt. Twenty years hard time should send a message; commit a crime with a gun, double it.Ban concealed carry. I packed for a number of years, but never once had occasion to pull my weapon and the more I thought about, the fewer reasons I could find to carry. I'm not suggesting do this right away, but after you have a licensed populace and gotten them away from the criminals and crazies, why do you need to? At the very least, ban concealed carry from most public places, particularly where children are present. While guns give a feeling of empowerment to some people, they generate fear in others and isn't that what we're trying to eliminate? And even with stiff licensing requirements, you're still going to get a certain percentage of owners who will exercise poor judgement, so why make it easy for them? Handguns have even fewer legitimate uses than long guns and statistics just don't support the idea that 'packing' makes you safer.I know this will inflame many of the gun nuts out there, but until we get the 'gun culture' under control, this tragedy will be repeated time and again. Time to ignore the paranoids ('this is so they can take you guns!') and the NRA is nothing more than a shill for the gun manufacturers.And I am a gun owner in case you missed my post above, but enough is enough.2 votes#5.50 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:25 PM EST[0.o]Mike Brutus-Brandon's argument is not old and failed, it just didn't convince you because whenever an incident like this occurs, you anti-gun nuts are hellbent on removing our Constitutional right to own weapons.  Rather than forming an opinion off the cuff without knowing the full details EVERYONE should go back to their corners so we can find out the facts of this case. This incident is so tragic and so dear to a lot of people; more than likely because it involved the senseless killings of innocent little children.  It IS painful to read and see.  My thoughts and prayers to those lost and their families and friends that have to bear the pains of their loss.  I am bothered by this.But I am also a gun owner.  As a matter of fact, I own multiple guns AND rifles.  I am a law-abiding citizen and I chose a side.  I will not wait for a police officer to arrive to my house to take a statement and file a report.  It takes law enforcement on average six minutes to respond to an incident.  Where I live it takes longer.  If I didn't have a gun, I could be dead in less than two minutes.  So I chose a side.  I am sorry if that bothers some of you.  But I refuse to be a victim.There are mechanisms that industry has developed to control movement in facilities.  One of these is that the doors can be magnetized and secure them so no one from the outside can enter them unless they have a special access card that is RFID chipped to automatically release.  I have tried to open a magnetized door and I will tell you at 6'3" and 300 pounds I could NOT open the damn door even with force.  These RFID access cards can be given to school faculty and first responders.  Everyone else would have to report through one main entrance that could be 'manned' by a uniformed first responder.  That doesn't mean you can't open them from the inside.  There are many doors like this in restaurants to prevent patrons from "chewing and screwing" where an alarm would activate if someone opened the door.  People might think that is an extreme and cost-prohibitive, but if it saves just one life, perhaps then it is worth it.Having a uniformed member standing guard at the door also serves as a deterrent to assailants and as a symbol for the children; something for them to aspire to when they grow up.  That member would exemplify the values that we want all our children to grow up to be:  Strong, disciplined, dedicated, truth, justice, and the American way, etc.I don't care if anyone thinks I am off the wall; you already decided which side you are on and no amount of writing will convince you otherwise, but when the final report does get released on this incident, THEN we can truly do an Ishakawa diagram to see which direction the hearings will take place and we won't have to hear about Diane Feinstein wanting to ban all assault weapons that have a pistol grip or if they have a menacing color like "black"...Lastly, after reading and watching today's sad events, for those that have a young child in their lives- beit a son, a daughter, a niece, or nephew, or even grandchild- hug them, tell them that you love them and no matter what happens in life they will always be loved.  But explain to them that everything in life has consequences and that their actions are their actions alone.  Teach them that they will be responsible for their actions.  Teach them now while you still can so when they do reach adulthood they will have it ingrained in their heads:"You [and YOU alone] are responsible for the environment/situation you are in.""You [and YOU alone] are the only person capable of getting out of the environment/situation you are in."May God bless those that were lost today and may we all come to grips and understand that which no one can make sense of after today's events.2 votes#5.51 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:41 PM ESTCrazy Steve-1996926But I am also a gun owner.  As a matter of fact, I own multiple guns AND rifles.  I am a law-abiding citizen and I chose a side.  I will not wait for a police officer to arrive to my house to take a statement and file a report.  It takes law enforcement on average six minutes to respond to an incident.  Where I live it takes longer.  If I didn't have a gun, I could be dead in less than two minutes.  So I chose a side.  I am sorry if that bothers some of you.  But I refuse to be a victim.There are mechanisms that industry has developed to control movement in facilities.  One of these is that the doors can be magnetized and secure them so no one from the outside can enter them unless they have a special access card that is RFID chipped to automatically release.  I have tried to open a magnetized door and I will tell you at 6'3" and 300 pounds I could NOT open the damn door even with force.  These RFID access cards can be given to school faculty and first responders.  Everyone else would have to report through one main entrance that could be 'manned' by a uniformed first responder.  That doesn't mean you can't open them from the inside.  There are many doors like this in restaurants to prevent patrons from "chewing and screwing" where an alarm would activate if someone opened the door.  People might think that is an extreme and cost-prohibitive, but if it saves just one life, perhaps then it is worth it.Yet another specious argument. Who is going to pay for all this extra security? Are we to convert every public building and most private ones into impregnable fortresses? If every gun owner wants to step up and take that money out of their own pocket (pretty sure I don't), then by all means. But asking the non-gun-owner to pay for this smacks of socialism, something the gun culture purports to hate.What you do in your home or on your property is your business and it's your absolute right to defend yourself, with arms if needed; that why I own mine. But as soon as you set foot off of your property, you're now in the public domain.1 vote#5.52 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:59 PM ESTPhil-4041053kaybeetoysCan we have a national conversation about gun violence and mental illness now? Or do more children need to die first.There are already laws, well established, concerning mentally ill and purchasing firearms.  No matter how many laws are passed or how stringent they are, mentally ill people will still get them.  People will still lose their sanity spontaneously where they were quite sane prior.The fact of the matter is that we cannot control the behavior of people, they have to do that for themselves.  No law, set of laws or amount of control attempts will succeed in keeping people from committing crimes such as this.#5.53 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:22 PM ESTkeith-2748001im just glad that piece of garbage is dead also they should cut him up and feed him to the dogs those poor inocent little kids blowing his own brains out was the best thing he can do  #5.54 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:24 PM ESTDoesitmatter?-3928063Planes must be banned too then.  Without airplanes, 9-11 couldn't have happened.  Look how many people died then!  Where are all the "I want airplanes banned!" nuts?1 vote#5.55 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:34 PM ESTkimH-1330542getmad - Would you please share the facts that you have to support your wacko, conspiracy theory that all these shooters are liberals?  I think we can all agree that all these shooters are crazy and that would include you from the tone of your posts on this thread.  You can't just throw crap statements like that out and not expect to be challenged on it.  How about this - all these shooters loved Steve McQueen? I hope you don't live in Florida.#5.56 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:46 PM ESTKATSKANMaybe we should ban stupid parents as well while we're on the BAN wagon....Parents beating their kids to death, not PROPERLY restraining them in the vehicle....Yes indeed I'd love to see a LOT of banning...#5.57 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:00 PM EST[0.o]Crazy Steve-The state I live in authorizes me to open carry or conceal carry.  As a law-abiding citizen, I choose to step outside of my property and am not afraid to be in the 'public domain' with my sidearm.  I am not breaking the law in doing so.Until there are methods to determine who is mentally unstable and should not have weapons let me know. What I do know is that I have the right to have weapons on my person and I have the right to self-defense. I pray I never have to expend rounds against another human being here in America, but I am experienced enough that I know what I am doing. To retrofit these schools is an expense I admit, but @!$%#- this government is forcing healthcare on us, why would the retrofitting of these schools not be as important?  As many people you say would not want to pay for the retrofit there are just as many people in this country that don't want healthcare being rammed down our throats either.#5.58 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 9:26 PM ESTRonsonHere's the real truth.I was raised in the 70's and 80's in the good old days by my  good Christian parents who believe in God our Father in Heaven and Jesus  and I never heard of any shooting in a school or a any shooting in a  movie theater or any shooting in a mall in the 70's or 80's. The main reason all these mass shootings is happening lately  in schools and a movie theater and at malls the past decade is the fact  that our society has changed for the worse over the years mainly cause  as the years and decades go by 80% of our society has turned their backs  on God our Father in Heaven resulting in hate and evil and that  explains why most people are not friendly in public or at home and most  of the 80% of the people ignore people and gives them a mean look when  someone tries to be friendly and says hi to them or talk to them and  then the rage builds up.2nd reason: There is way to much violence on TV, movies,  video games and the internet. The 50's 60's 70's 80's before the  internet was invented and before graphic violent shooting video games  was invented and before they allowed violent blood and gore on TV and  movies America our country was a lot more safer place cause when we was  kids we played with each other in a friendly way like biking,  basketball, board games and toys or get out and play in the yard etc.  The past 20 years our new generation of kids has grown up watching to  much violence on TV, violent movies, violent video games especially and  the violence on the internet especially you tube videos etc.3rd reason: It's not a "We The People" society anymore its "All About Me Me Me" Greedy society.It's not God our Father in Heaven or Jesus fault this happen.  It's 80% our society in general fault for turning their backs on God  our Father in Heaven and Jesus. Love not Hate. Peace not War.2 votes#5.59 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:11 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices BinNH Comment collapsed by the communityI think if this stuff got less publicity there wouldn't be so many copycats!  Seems like the more the media dwells on it, the more this happens.42 votes#6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:40 AM ESTlittlechangesIt is news. The so-called media does not create creepy, stupid and violent men. Btw, "media" is plural and has 3 components: message, sender, receiver. The public is part of media.22 votes#6.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:48 AM ESTJessica-1170252Bin - maybe if people like you didnt click and read, then comment on, articles like this...they'd stop covering them.why is the media the only one required to do whats right?practice what you preach...step away from the news.8 votes#6.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:15 PM ESTinMYday@little,I beg to differ, as this is an area of my formal education. "Media" is the plural of "medium," which is what forms the communication method between parties."Communication" is what requires a sender, information, medium and recipient. The simplest form of a communication medium is called "simplex," in which information flows in one direction only.Communication theory states that is impossible for humans to not communicate. For example, not speaking to you and feigning absence of awareness of your presence or existence actually sends information to you, and you, the receiver will observe and interpret my behavior as you see fit.People use the word "media" frequently and incorrectly to refer to organizations whose purpose and intent are to provide information to a large population.8 votes#6.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:20 PM ESTBinNHDoes anyone understand that "less publicity" does not mean don't report it?  Give it it's day of headlines and then move on.  It doesn't need to stay in the news for weeks and months on end, except maybe in the community in which it happened.  And above all, don't turn the perp into a celebrity (posthumous or otherwise).11 votes#6.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:24 PM ESTjanierockYeah 18 dead kids. Let's just sweep that under the rug.17 votes#6.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:28 PM ESTIRESPOND-2315268Tell your politicians that keep campaigning wearing 'hunting clothes' such as all the GOP 'hopefuls' how wonderful of a job they are doing in setting the example9 votes#6.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:39 PM ESTdoogie60BinNH,,got to agree with you on this one,, ever since the first guy went postal and received all the media hype it has just escalated from there. If the media would have never reported that one there wouldnt be copycats..7 votes#6.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:45 PM ESTroadlesstraveledThis is horrible. My prayers go out to all involved and all who are effected.I wish there was a way to govern bad people, but unless your on the inside, you cant; That is the hardest part about life when your someone who couldnt even imagine a scene like this.Love to all my fellow humans.8 votes#6.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:55 PM ESTRoundRobinMy thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims, especially to those poor, poor kids. With 2 little ones in elementary school, I am appalled at this string of events. Hopefully, we can figure out what the hell happened here and learn something that could prevent these types of senseless acts of cowardice.BinNH,I agree. All these mass murderers are looking for attention and notoriety, their 15-mins of fame. Lately, its been a rash of younger males acting out in this way. You can blame guns all you want but that is just the media used. More guns or less guns wont change anything, just the media would change. I believe that the blame should be directed more at society and that's where these actions are directed. The amount of attention that is received from these acts is absurd, less attention on the act and more attention on the punishment may be required. It seems as though these offenders have experienced life for what it is, not the fairyland exploit feed to them as kids and then something snaps. Some of these offenders actually believe that they are helping their victims by ending their lives.Usually when someone acts out of anger, their anger is typically directed at the people involved. Recent example would be the KC Chiefs LB. He lost it after his girlfriend told him that their baby might not be his. Again, blame goes to society and the lack of moral and ethical values.5 votes#6.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:20 PM ESTAvg Joe-1820350They call it the tabloids in Britain2 votes#6.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:28 PM ESTroadlesstraveledlittlechangesThe so-called media does not create creepy, stupid and violent men.are you sure about that? In a bad person, this guy is a symbol of what he-(bad person) could do...so i say yes, the news helps these people "discover" themselves. I think we need to stop putting personal information about the bad person on the news...it helps others find a relation to these people and puts the question about what they could do, out there for them to answer...but in a good person, its good to know what to look for...there needs to be a protocol to dealing with this publicly but in a psychological way not in a dramatic way, even if the event is dramatic in itself.3 votes#6.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:30 PM ESTgordon freeman 777mi rights being taken away would not have prevented any of this4 votes#6.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:30 PM ESTShawn-524806Some people will do anything for thier 15 minutes of fame. At one point, they attempted to prevent it. I can't link it, but get on Wikipedia and look up Herostratus. 1 vote#6.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:34 PM ESTKaylea Burkhartvia FacebookI agree.  No, the media doesn't make crazy, psycho men, but the fame on a national level is definitely appealing to such sociopaths.  They don't care about ruining their lives, they just want to get as much attention as the others who shot, and got national attention.  It doesn't need to be broadcast on a national level, because it's enticing to such creeps.  And it givens them more ideas.3 votes#6.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:37 PM ESTWakeUpPeople-514229sure media this and media that and yes i'm reading and responding to comments of this tragedy BUT stop interviewing the kids.  No need for that.  I have not watched one of the videos nor do i want to- no kid should have to deal with this.  2 votes#6.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:40 PM ESTDee TurnerGordon: They're not "your rights."  That's a misreading of the Second Amendment, nothing more.And if the Second Amendment HAD granted such an individual right in 1776, it certainly would need to be eliminated now that the nation is comprised of 350 millions!Face facts: hunting is passe and legal only in the midwest and south. Hunting for sport is just slaughter without reason. Hunting humans for sport is slaughter without reason and the worst criminal act imaginable.News doesn't kill people.  People with guns kill people. 9 mm weapons aren't for hunting animals.  They're for killing people.There is no legitimate reason whatsoever for so many guns to be so immediately available without regulation.4 votes#6.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:48 PM ESTvalhallaarwenroad, do you honestly believe that the media creates these people?  Then explain all of the mass murderers oh hell explain any murder before any type of media could report on it.I am ready for the media to ask if he was on drugs and if that made him do it with the sympathy that was given to the idiot in Oregon while the two black kids who killed the woman who wouldn't give them cigarettes was getting the get a rope and tree treatment and no mental ill concerns. BTW, I don't believe any of these idiots need to get off easy, I don't believe they had mental illness issues, and I don't give a damn if they had drug problems.  Too many times people use mental illness as an excuse everytime certain folks do @!$%# like this. #6.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:49 PM ESTgordon freeman 777wtf DEE they are my rights and the weapons i own dont take away from your rights at all...when you give up a little freedom to have a little "protection' you end up with neither...do you realize 20,000 were killed in mexico last year...guns there are outlawed,,,if WE didnt kill deer in this nation they would eat all the vegetation they could or die of starvation,,,LIBERALSIM is a failure always...SOCIALIST REGIMES; pol pot, stalin, kruschev(sp), hitler , mussolini ect. ect. ect. freedom always is the right choice...50,000,000 babies aborted n the usa since roe,,,justify that DEE  and what to do with the unwanted child is not a justification for MURDER3 votes#6.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:07 PM ESTRealAmericansFirstOK, NRA - enough is enough.If you want to arm every person in America, tell us how you plan to keep guns out of the hands of crazy people.More guns = more nuts with guns.Countries with restrictions on concealed carry have MUCH MUCH lower rates of gun-related homicides.Common sense.1 vote#6.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:08 PM ESTMtnGrrlDee Turner: Please go back to school. The US Constitution went into effect in 1789, not 1776. The Second Amendment (adopted 1791) of the Bill of Rights clearly states that it is the right of the people to keep and bear arms. Your opinions on hunting are simply opinions and have no relevance in this discussion.4 votes#6.20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:09 PM ESTglewis39getmadstaymad  you need  to see someone in a white coat real bad,before we start reading about what you have done.#6.21 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:16 PM ESTsmirkkat01Only in America do we take such a tragedy and debate to give our egotistical political opinions.  I say it's time to shut the Hell up and give silence to those little children whose innocent blood was spilled today.  I ask all to just say a prayer and if you don't believe in God, just be quiet for a change.#6.22 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:33 PM ESTfishman-1985527Yes Dee you need to go back to school if you have ever even been there?Face facts: hunting is passe and legal only in the midwest and south. Hunting for sport is just slaughter without reason. Hunting humans for sport is slaughter without reason and the worst criminal act imaginabYour quote and it is total BS.  I live in NJ and lived in MA which is not in the south or the west.  I have put food in my freezer almost every year hunting.  I have never killed anyone and most hunters care that they take their game(animal) humanly as possible.  More often it is about clean food not pumped full of steriods and what not then it is about a trophy.  Hunting also helpss keep the animal populations in check along with bringing millions of $ of revenue to the states.  Hunters have also contributed more to animal conservation than any of the groups out there that claim to care for animals...for one research The PittmanRobertson ActI also need to say I am sick over what happened in CT.  I heard this as I was with my 1st grader going to pick up her homework as she was home sick.  I hope all those involved/affected can somehow find comfort (not sure if thats the right word).  I know I would be devastated.  I actually had a talk with my daughters school just yesterday with how easy they just buzz people in,  all you need to know is a name-student or teacher.  Today was the same thing, all I said was I was there to get my daughters homework(no name mentioned).  As soon as I walked into the office I said we just spoke about this yesterday...You really need to turn on the news and see what can happen even in a sleepy little town like ours.#6.23 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:02 PM ESTThrowDownLounge Comment collapsed by the communityGuns don't kill. Its the idiot's holding the guns that do.32 votes#7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:41 AM ESTDon-2405154 Comment collapsed by the communityThat argument is getting old and is sicking!25 votes#7.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:44 AM ESTmarkinbeckerThen don't let them get their hands on automatic weapons designed to kill people.25 votes#7.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:49 AM ESTWisconsinDad-2479817Yeah Don...let's get rid of all guns...so sick s#its can go into a school or workplace with a baseball bat and bash peoples heads in...yeah...that will fix it3 votes#7.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:01 AM ESTzorloc@markinbeckerNone of these shootings are the result of "automatic weapons." That's the problem. Every time the word assault rifle gets thrown around people think someone is running around with a "machine gun" unloading hundreds of bullets holding in the trigger and mowing people down. That's not the case. Generally the common weapon of choice in incidents were the shooter uses an assault rifle is an AR-15. An AR-15 is a a semi-automatic rifle which means it acts the same way as your average run of the mill semi-automatic handgun and the person firing the weapon needs to pull the trigger for each bullet they fire. I'm not saying people should or shouldn't have this kind of gun or that kind of gun but people need to understand the difference a semi-automatic weapon and a fully automatic as their is quite a difference. It get's sensationalized to the point that the general population envisions some sort of fully automatic machine gun every time the word assault rifle gets out.Sure, they can accommodate larger magazines and have a longer range, yes. 8 votes#7.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:03 AM EST96projectz24Ummm....automatic weapons are VERY hard to get ahold of, they're not just flying off the shelf at your local Walmart. You've gotta have a license to even own them, educate yourself before you spout off. I believe you're looking for the word semi-automatic ;) You're right though, if they would just set off a bomb in the building, things would be a lot quicker and more efficient!  *edit* Somebody already beat me to it, haha!4 votes#7.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:05 AM ESTIan EmdeeWisconsinDad-2479817......you said:Quote.....Yeah  Don...let's get rid of all guns...so sick s#its can go into a school or  workplace with a baseball bat and bash peoples heads in...yeah...that  will fix it......EndQuoteDo you think it easier to escape a psychopath wielding a bat or one with a firearm?  Who can kill the most innocents in 60 seconds, a psychopath with a bat or one with a firearm?  Who can kill from a distance, a psychopath with a bat or one with a firearm?  Who can kill you without even seeing your face or hear your screams, a psychopath with a bat or one with a firearm?If you believe your own propaganda, you are delusional.  If you do not, you are intentionally dishonest.31 votes#7.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:14 AM ESTantigunretardsThose of you who want to blame guns for violent acts against humanity are so far out there that there is no talking sense to you. A mentally unstable person is going to choose the most readily available weapon to commit his crime with. Sure, if a gun is easy to obtain, that will be his/her abvious choice. Even if guns didnt exist, the crimes still would! Is it better in your warped mind for some psycho to go rampaging through a shool with a machete beheading people? Maybe they should be banned as well..then the people who are going to revert to this sort of action will need to use sticks and rocks. That would be much better, would it not? I fear your ignorance much more than I fear a man with a gun.11 votes#7.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:16 AM ESTIan Emdeeantigunretards.......Replace the word "bat" in comment #7.6 with the word "machete".We know you folks defend unregulated gun ownership because of your vague and paranoid fears.  But, is there any amount of insane gun violence and death that would cause you to reconsider?13 votes#7.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:22 AM ESTchris1488I wish i would have been there with my gun and my ccw,By the way look up the stats,more people have beenkilled with the use of barehands in the last year than guns,and cars have also killed more people in the lastyear.I have one question,what will we do if our goverment gets so bad that we need to overthrow it?And ipray that our lord will see these families through this tragedy,and also that we can get back to the valuesthat our forefathers had,America was founded on christianity and we have taken that out of everything,ifwe put that the way it was attended then my guess is alot of this stuff would stop,as we would havevalues...guns do not kill people...if i can blame a gun for the murder do we blame the spoon if your fat...3 votes#7.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:48 AM ESTMark from Bridgeport@Ian Emdee: We know you folks defend unregulated gun ownership because of your vague and paranoid fears.  But, is there any amount of insane gun violence and death that would cause you to reconsider?*What* unregulated gun ownership?!In Connecticut you have to pass a safety course to get a town permit (takes 2 months). During that time your 2 references will be checked out, you are fingerprinted, a background check is carried out, and it gets signed off on my the town's Chief of Police (or other approved high-ranking police officer in a city like New Haven or Bridgeport). THEN take that with 2 forms of picture ID to get a Connecticut carry license at the local State Trooper Barracks. Where they take your photograph.You cannot buy a handgun legally without that state license.11 votes#7.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:55 AM ESTMr.SteadyDo you think it easier to escape a psychopath wielding a bat or one with a firearm?  Who can kill the most innocents in 60 seconds, a psychopath with a bat or one with a firearm? Does it really matter?  A life is a life.  By your logic, a psychopath who only kills one person is not as evil as one who kills ten.  Don't you think it might be a better idea to regulate the psychopaths instead of their weapons of choice?  In the absence of the availability of a gun, he could have killed everyone on the block with the right mixture of fertilizer and diesel fuel.  You want to ban those?8 votes#7.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:14 PM ESTJessica-1170252nuclear weapons dont kill people - so let me arm myself with nukes.im responsible, i promise to take great care of my nukes and only use them in self defense.14 votes#7.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:19 PM ESTflbikerchickA mentally unstable person is going to choose the most readily available weapon to commit his crime with.Yep, so instead of blowing billions in foreign wars, foreign aid, failed prohibition policies and corporate subsidies, why don't we spend our taxes on recognizing and treating the mentally ill among us BEFORE they get their hands on a weapon of some kind?6 votes#7.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:28 PM ESTSabastian SamonteOK Ian so you think gun control is going to limit guns use in the US. So you think people who registered gun owners are just going to head to the nearest police department and hand over their firearms? What about the Bloods or Crips gang members or just criminals with illegal firearms are just going to lay down their arms because "The Law" tells them to. You civilian a$$holes make me sick with your stupid concept. By American History any thing prohibited has created and caused more crime morons. When Alcohol was outlaws it created more crime, Drug have been illegal for god knows how long yet has it been stopped? NO IDIOT...6 votes#7.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:33 PM ESTIan EmdeeMark from Bridgeport........you said:Quote......*What* unregulated gun ownership?!......EndQuoteThe unregulated gun ownership many on the right wing advocate (see their comments here and elsewhere).Until there is FEDERAL (consistent) firearms legislation, any person (in a community with strict firearms regulations) can simply go to a less strictly regulated community, purchase their lethal firearm of choice, return to the scene of their crime and commit murder. 3 votes#7.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:51 PM ESTMark from BridgeportThe unregulated gun ownership many on the right wing advocate (see their comments here and elsewhere).That's just becuase every gun law ever passed was done so by the left wing.Until there is FEDERAL (consistent) firearms legislation, any person (in a community with strict firearms regulations) can simply go to a less strictly regulated community, purchase their lethal firearm of choice, return to the scene of their crime and commit murderYep. Of course, they're breaking those local laws just the same. That's why passing (the thankfully dead) Chicago/DC style gun laws nationally is a non-starter. They do *not* reduce gun crime at all.Personally, I would be all for a federal firearms legisslation (similar to a driver's license) & a national registry of guns... but only if an only if it came about with national reciprocity for concealed carry, and they took off the insane restrictions on class 3 ownership.3 votes#7.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:07 PM ESTIan EmdeeLet's see Sabastian Samonte.......Do you associate yourself with Ron Paul libertarianism because you can't find an appropriately organized party of anarchists?If you want anarchy, relocate to Alaska (preferably a sparsely populated region).  But, if you CHOOSE to live in a SOCIETY (i.e. the lower 48), be prepared to conform to that society's laws.  Otherwise, you may be involuntarily confined.You said:Quote......so you think gun control is going to limit guns use in the US......EndQuoteAbsolutely.  To paraphrase some of your own propaganda:  When (certain) guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have (certain) guns.You see, many of us really don't feel comfortable with folks such as yourself having virtually unrestricted access to deadly weapons.  We would much prefer that, if you choose to possess such implements of mass murder, that you are liable to prosecution for such possession.Your logic is so fundamentally flawed, it is almost painful to answer.  Do you think that though murder is illegal yet murders still happen that we should legalize it (murder)?  That is what you imply.If you can't conceive of better arguments, perhaps you would do best to remain silent.3 votes#7.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:12 PM ESTdirpIan:  the problem is, the gun nuts want NO regulation whatsoever.  Under their interpretation of the 2nd Amendment, any regulation of guns is wrong. According to them, people have the right to automatic weapons, bazooka's, anti-tank rifles, heck, even nuclear bombs.2 votes#7.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:17 PM ESTIan EmdeeMark from Bridgeport.....you said:Quote.......That's just becuase every gun law ever passed was done so by the left wing.......EndQuoteWhat about the "Brady Bill"?  It seems a bullet through the head is enough to change the minds of even staunch "gun rights" republicans.This is (just) one thing that is troubling:  Many of you don't think before you speak.  Why should we believe you will think before you shoot?3 votes#7.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:23 PM ESTme1234567891What a tragedy!! Stricter Gun Regulation seems logical, but it is on the other hand a band-aid solution that will not fix the root problem. This is a societal epidemic brought on by poor parenting, lackluster education, and a culture that glorifies deviance and spits in the face of spirituality, hard work, personal empowerment, and self restraint. We need leaders who see beyond the surface and can delve deep to develop solutions that will actually work. Unfortunately our representatives (Republicans & Democrats alike) have proven they can do little more than spout rhetoric and push crappy legislation with the primary goal of gaining power and getting re-elected.6 votes#7.20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:26 PM ESTIan EmdeeMr.Steady.....you said:Quote......he could have killed everyone on the block with the right mixture of fertilizer and diesel fuel.  You want to ban those?......EndQuoteThat's already been addressed.  See:Senate Votes to Aid Tracing of Explosiveshttp://www.webcitation.org/mainframe.php2 votes#7.21 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:32 PM ESTStephen-3584703Sorry Mr Steady but that argument is so utterly ridiculous I'm having trouble forming a sentence.  So is your claim that since it's possible to kill one person with a baseball bat in the time you could kill a dozen with a firearm, that in both cases someone died so the crimes are equivalent?  That's utterly moronic.  I'm sorry but I hereby volunteer to be reported for calling someone an idiot.By that gauge, we've done the equivalent of nuking our own nation because what's the difference between the millions dead in a nuclear blast and one single murder?You restrict things based on the ease of inflicting deadly harm.  It's possible to kill a thousand people with a baseball bat.  It's extremely unlikely, extremely slow, and it's easy to prevent anything like that toll.  It's much more likely that a bat-wielding (or knife-wielding, or machete-wielding) random nutjob will be able to do limited damage, even if it's still possible to take lives in the process.  Someone acquiring the ingredients to make their own Oklahoma City level bomb, researching the process, and successfully detonating could take thousands of lives, but the level of effort, time, and care required to pull something like that off successfully is fairly high so that also doesn't happen but rarely.  As we've seen just in one week, all it takes is one fricking whackjob with a gun or two to wander in and start mowing down helpless people in minutes.  As noted, easy, fast, doesn't take any physical effort but the ability to hold the weapon and apply the few pounds of pressure, never need to humanize your victims, no muss no fuss, just one more pile of dead people because idiots like you are so insanely paranoid you can't even see just how much damage your fears are doing to this country.3 votes#7.22 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:32 PM ESTTracy-2712120@me, I think you are on it......but if I can change one thing, it is the far right and far left, just swiping the brush with republicans and democrats is pretty harsh on the moderates that do vote more conservatively or liberally.  Just saying. 2 votes#7.23 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:34 PM ESTROCCO1-604435Now evil has crossed a line that was once thought unthinkable, unimaginable, beyond human conscious to even contemplate.  Kindergartners slaughter in large numbers, my god!2 votes#7.24 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:36 PM ESTIan Emdeeme1234567891......you said:Quote.....What  a tragedy!! Stricter Gun Regulation seems logical, but it is on the  other hand a band-aid solution that will not fix the root problem......EndQuoteWell, until we can cure the wound, a band-aid is better than nothing.  Don't you think? We hope you will devise a solution to the "root problem".  Please let us know when that happens.2 votes#7.25 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:36 PM ESTIRESPOND-2315268Guns don't kill. Its the idiot's holding the guns that do.The same STUPID DUMB rhetoric from the RIGHT!!!!!#7.26 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:42 PM ESTatonyhardingInteresting case in point, stricter gun laws or banning guns fixes nothing.  It just makes the shooter more desperate because they are breaking just one more law in all the laws they are already breaking.  When will people get this point ban guns in this country and the only people who have guns will be the criminals and Government.  Not one person that I would trust.   1 vote#7.27 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:45 PM ESTno more filbertIan, people on the right are not calling for unchecked and unregulated gun ownership.  I'm not sure why you say this, unless you are just trying to stir the pot.  By that same logic, I could say everyone on the left believes all amendments should be repealed that make them uncomfortable.  3 votes#7.28 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:45 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport@Ian Emdee: What about the "Brady Bill"? It seems a bullet through the head is enough to change the minds of even staunch "gun rights" republicans.What about it? * It was signed into law by President Clinton in 1993. * The Democrats owned the Senate.* The GOP's advandage in the House was less than 30 votes. * It was raised by Schumer (a New York Democrat) and* It  passed almost wholly on a partisan vote.This is (just) one thing that is troubling: Many of you don't think before you speak. Why should we believe you will think before you shoot?Given my rebuttle, I have to agree and hope you don't own a gun! (See what happens when you get all uncivil?)1 vote#7.29 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:53 PM ESTMonkeyMoJust something to consider in the rabid call to ban firearms. It was reported yesterday that in China a man stabbed 22 schoolchildren and adults outside a primary school. Tragic event, no firearms needed.1 vote#7.30 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:53 PM ESTeatatjoes13@ian emdee, replace the word bat with grenade, or mine, or rocket, or anything that isnt a gun, and there is more death than you can deal with, i hate dumb people.1 vote#7.31 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:54 PM ESTroadlesstraveledyou cant govern bad people no matter how hard you try...i wish its wasn't this way..1 vote#7.32 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:56 PM ESTAlright!When people decry the statement, "guns don't kill people, people kill people", it makes me think that they don't want to put any of the blame on the person pulling the trigger-after all it was the gun that killed- which is where 100% of the blame belongs (with the possible exception of the case of where a child finds a gun at home and harms himself or others, the blame is upon whomever did not properly secure their gun, and left it unlocked, loaded, with the safety off-I think people should face jail time for that).#7.33 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:58 PM ESTJon-1321288We must accept the fact that the NRA will never allow any reasonable gun control in this country and learn to live with it.We should, however, insist that it's time for the NRA to propose real solutions if they oppose everyone else's solution.#7.34 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:00 PM ESTStephen-3584703Alright--no, we get that it's the person's fault.  It's just the easy access to guns that makes the nutjob's crime mass murder instead of assault with a deadly weapon, attempted murder, or even "just" something like a double homicide.  Only with the ready ability to get hands on guns does a momentary rage or psychological break turn into a mass murder scene.  It's like an explosion, you can't have it without the combination of fuel, oxygen, and ignition.  These killings couldn't happen without the combination of nutjob, victims, and easy-to-get, easy-to-use, tool for ending lives.  And guns are by far the easiest.  Remove those from the picture and the mass murder options vastly decrease.#7.35 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:07 PM ESTIan Emdeeno more filbert........you said:Quote.....people on the right are not calling for unchecked and unregulated gun ownership.......EndQuoteActually, some are. There are others who, because they realize their ambitions are not socially acceptable, simply work to incrementally remove and/or prevent firearms regulations without letting their true motives be known.Certainly, there are some conservatives who are reasonable regarding firearms regulations.  We have no problem with these folks.  Many liberals own firearms and will defend our right to do so.  It's just CERTAIN firearms (i.e. assault weapons and such) that we believe are too loosely regulated.There is only one rational argument to support ownership of assault style weaponry:  expectation of civil unrest and violent civil chaos.  That argument is ONLY rational if one supposes there is a reasonable probability of its happening (we don't).  Even in the event of civil chaos, it might be best if those involved in the chaos were not heavily armed.There was a time in this country when gun ownership (of virtually any sort) was completely uncontrolled.  Folks strolled into towns with several guns in tow.  Those were the days of the "wild west".  Roughly, it stretched from the end of our Civil War until the turn of the twentieth century.  We learned (through bitter experience) that such unregulated firearms was a liability to society without an offsetting benefit.  Thus, gun laws were passed throughout the nation.  Now, it seems some have forgotten those lessons learned.  As George W. Bush once said, "Fool me once...shame on.....shame on you......fool me can't get fooled again."  He was wrong.  Many folks just don't learn from mistakes.1 vote#7.36 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:09 PM ESTtiredobsSome year ago there was much publicity concerning the deaths in Jonestown. I did not hear ONE person calling for a ban on juice or Kool Aid as a result.#7.37 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:10 PM ESTTNSEVOLMonkey Mo-How many of those children died?  How often does that happen?If you look at other countries they have NO WHERE NEAR the level of gun violence per capita that the US has.  Why is that?  According to the Gun Lobby's arguments, it should be a free-for-all in these other countries, where "only the outlaws have guns".I am not proposing we ban all guns, but we need to certainly consider some serious Federal restrictions on the types and quantities of handguns that are allowed to be purchased.  If you want to purchase a gun for hunting or self-defense, fine.  Why do you need to purchase 100?A poster above mentioned that cars kill more people than guns every year.  True, but cars are also heavily  licensed and regulated.  You have to have a title to own one and a license, registration, and insurance to drive one.     1 vote#7.38 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:12 PM ESTmb-757763I believe that guns (except for hunting rifles) should be banned.  Before you slaughter me.....Yes, criminals will still have guns.  But last time I checked, a gang member isn't walking into a school and murdering children. The point is that mentally unstable sickos who would do this type of thing will have a very difficult time obtaining firearms to commit mass murder.  Also, last time I checked, it's easier to run away from a machete, baseball bat, knife, etc.  Guns make it easy to murder people in cold blood because they never have to get close to their victims.Also, when someone is murdering an estranged spouse, etc, it less likely that those nearby will get killed.  (i.e. the salon shooting where the guy went for his ex-wife - others were also shot and killed).1 vote#7.39 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:14 PM ESTJohnLazIan,We are talking about semiautomatic handguns in this particular incident.  Not that it would make any difference if the perp had used a semiautomatic rifle, other than the increased killing powder of rifle bullets.As for your wild west babbling, how much killing was going on back then?  What was the gun death rate in proportion to the population?  Without that data you might as well not even be talking.#7.40 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:26 PM ESTIan EmdeeMark from Bridgeport.........If you think Jim Brady (and many others involved in his movement) are "left wing", perhaps you should visit the web page for the "Brady Campaign". You might find his (Brady's) biography particularly interesting.  It details his professional (very conservative) career and affiliation with republican icon Ronald Reagan.  The fact that many democrats (predictably) allied with Brady does not make him "left wing".  On the contrary, it simply means that conservatives, properly educated and motivated, can accept the truth.http://www.bradycampaign.org/BTW---it is "rebuttal".1 vote#7.41 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:30 PM ESTIan Emdeeeatatjoes13.......you said:Quote......@ian  emdee, replace the word bat with grenade, or mine, or rocket, or  anything that isnt a gun, and there is more death than you can deal  with, i hate dumb people......EndQuoteAll those things (grenade, mine, rocket) are much more heavily restricted (and/or outright illegal) than are assault style weapons.  Perhaps, that is why we don't seem them used in such heinous crimes as occurred today.Thanks for helping to make that point.#7.42 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:34 PM ESTIan EmdeeThanks Stephen-3584703........Too many moles to whack.#7.43 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:38 PM ESTIan EmdeeJohnLaz.....you said:Quote........We are talking about semiautomatic handguns in this particular  incident.  Not that it would make any difference if the perp had used a  semiautomatic rifle, other than the increased killing powder of rifle  bullets.As for your wild west babbling, how much killing was going on back  then?  What was the gun death rate in proportion to the population?   Without that data you might as well not even be talking.......EndQuoteFirst, many (firearms) liberals do not wish to prohibit handguns.  We do wish for tougher regulations (i.e. renewable licenses).It is assault style weapons that should be (virtually) forbidden.  There have been enough recent mass murders involving such weapons that discussion of them is relevant if not exactly pertinent (to this incident).Regarding firearms death rates pre-1900:  While it is true that statistics on violent crimes committed where firearms were involved during that period were either not collected or easily available, there is overwhelming evidence in the historical record that firearms regulations proliferated during that period.Laws banning the carrying of concealed weapons were passed in Kentucky and Louisiana in 1813.  Other states soon followed.The National Firearms Act, which regulates certain classes of firearms (i.e. machine guns, short-barreled rifles, short-barreled shotguns, silencers, grenades, bombs, missiles, poison gas, etc.) was passed in 1934.http://www.ndsu.edu/pubweb/~rcollins/scholarship/guns.htmlhttp://www.beggarscanbechoosers.com/2007/04/wild-west-era-had-stricter-gun-control.htmlhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/adam-winkler/did-the-wild-west-have-mo_b_956035.htmlOf course, you are free to believe that these restrictions were  conceived and passed unrelated to perceived need.  But, history is  at odds with such a conclusion.Times change.  Our legal environment must change too.#7.44 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:37 PM ESTdewit-2640206Elementary School.....REALLY!!!! What is wrong with people?21 votes#8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:42 AM ESTtoughcrowdIMHO, what's wrong with people is that we, as a society, have wandered astray. It's time to get back to the basics.It seems as if all people want to do these days is fight, argue, and demonize people who don't agree with them. This very comment board boasts prime examples of that. Nothing will ever get better until we start agreeing to disagree and handling our differences with the assumption that EVERYONE just wants the best for this country, and "the other side" is not, in fact, the Devil Incarnate.What do we always hear people say after this? Most of the time, all they want to do is hug their kid or other friend/family member. I think that if we had that kind of mentality all day, every day, we wouldn't need to sit and constantly fight about gun control, mental illness, and other such divisive issues because we would all be originating on the same wavelength, making sound compromise much easier to negotiate.People, put down your cell phones, get off your computers, and start spending more of your free time with your family, friends, and loved ones. TALK TO THEM FACE TO FACE and stop allowing yourself to push the envelope and become more and more outrageous in your comments/posts/actions because you are anonymous and/or it's your "right".Let's start thinking OUTSIDE the (old brown, ripped, beaten up) box...guns would not be needed in a perfect world, but we are not in a perfect world. Put aside the tired arguments that get us nowhere and just whip up anger/hatred. Let's start trying figure out WHY these things happen (not just that they had a gun but also why they did what they did with it) and how to PREVENT this stuff. One thing we should ALL be in agreement on is the break down of the family. I firmly believe that this is exactly where we need to focus our attention if we want to get anywhere. In the mean time, we have to focus on the danger of "copy cat" crimes.Here's a thought: if you happen to have some extra time off this holiday season, how about  getting together with some friends, neighbors, acquaintances, and other concerned citizens and set up camp outside your children's school or another one near your home. For once, just forget about what party these people belong to, what race they are, if they are gay or not, and simply get to know them while keeping watch for anyone else who wants to go down in infamy in such an evil, horrible manner.This is a parent's worst nightmare. Words cannot express my sadness for the victims and their families. All I can do now is take my own advice, get off the computer, and spend some precious extra time with my kids on what is a snow day for us. I wish these victims and their families could have the same opportunity. All I can do now is keep them in my prayers and do my part to stop the out of control hatred that is destroying our nation.2 votes#8.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:36 PM ESTPatricia Larsendewit......this young adult apparently had issues with his parents.  He killed his father in the home, then went to the school where his mother was a Kindergarten teacher.  It was his mother who was his target, and just criminal that he found all the children there with her.  The news has reported that he apparently killed all the children in her classroom.  Don't know if that is true fact as yet.  There are still controversial reports coming out.#8.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:53 PM ESTLil' Ole MeThank you toughcrowd.#8.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:13 PM ESTnanavana@ncso sad... prayers for the children and their parents/family.  bad time of year for this s*&t to be happening, but the holidays do bring out the "best" (read worst) in some people.and no, banning guns is not the answer here.  It would be the answer if you could keep said guns out of the hands of crazy people and criminals, but that aint gonna happen. 8 votes#9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:42 AM ESTPragmatic-3918582It would be the answer if you could keep said guns out of the hands of crazy people and criminals, but that aint gonna happen.And that's the attitude that has to change. You can't ban guns because the genie is too far out of the bottle. You can however keep them out of the hands of folks who are going to misuse them, such as criminals and crazies. That there is such strong resistance to this no-brainer concept shows how mismatched priorities really are.8 votes#9.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:27 PM ESTStephen-3584703Maybe what we need is a psychological diagnosis for people who feel the uncontrollable need to own guns, thereby making them ineligible to purchase them.6 votes#9.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:36 PM ESTno more filbertI was just checking out Connecticut's gun enforcement laws.  Did you know they have some of the toughest?6 votes#9.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:47 PM ESTDietrichtheKaiserThis is sick that someone would do this...that someone is CAPABLE of doing this.   And no, banning guns would have zero impact.  It's already illegal to have a firearm on school property...all that law has done is made sure teachers with concealed carry permits could not help defend the students.  And this is Connecticut...a pretty strict state for guns...waiting periods, etc.  The gun control laws only helped make certain these poor children were defenseless.6 votes#9.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:55 PM ESTPragmatic-3918582a person may not obtain a handgun eligibility certificate if he or she:Has been discharged from custody within the preceding twenty years after having been found not guilty of a crime due to mental disease or defect pursuant to section 53a-13;Has been confined in a mental hospital for persons with psychiatric disabilities within the preceding 12 months by order of a probate court.That's not tough at all.4 votes#9.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:56 PM ESTStephen-3584703Dietrich--false.  Banning guns would drastically reduce the number and availability of guns.  I don't make any claim that it would instantly eliminate gun violence, but there's zero chance of eliminating gun violence while they're everywhere.8 votes#9.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:59 PM ESTme1234567891Pragmatic this is a difficult discussion. There must be a multi-faceted solution that takes into account not just making it more difficult for crazies to get weapons but also methods to abate the ever expanding neurosis of society. Stricter gun laws alone will not solve the problem - take a look at Mexico - if stricter gun laws were the end-all solution Mexico would be a happy place. Unfortunately they have beheadings and other more horrific violence on top of the gun violence that hasn't been slowed down by having stricter gun laws.4 votes#9.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:02 PM ESTRyan-461484So, where do you draw the line at what constitutes "crazy?"  They went to a psychiatrist once for anxiety?What about people that don't go to the psychiatrist because they don't want to be labeled crazy?Also, you do know people can have psychotic breaks with NO warning and with NO previous symptoms.7 votes#9.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:07 PM ESTE_FAILIf only the children had guns too, this tragedy could have been avoided.2 votes#9.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:14 PM ESTRoadrunner0Every single person on this planet is crazy.. It is just that 99.9999999% of us can keep it under control.. Those who allow themselves to be caught up in anti gun sensationalism have missed the boat.. Hundreds of people each and every day are injured or killed by cell phone distracted drivers but you dare not take their cell phone away..8 votes#9.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:26 PM ESTScoMata1964Dietrich--false. Banning guns would drastically reduce the number and availability of guns. I don't make any claim that it would instantly eliminate gun violence, but there's zero chance of eliminating gun violence while they're everywhere.So by your logic because pot is illegal and has been for decades you cant get it, except that it is easier to get pot than it is alcohol or tobacco because it IS illegal.The only thing that happens when you make something illegal that people want is that the people providing it change from law abiding retailers to the black market. Completely unregulated gun sales is what would happen if the gun control side won and outlawed them.Also lost in all this BS is the fact that guns are just not that hard to make, we have been doing it for hundreds of years, and a LOT of people know tool and dye maing and machining. There is no shortage of steel, lead, or the components of gunpowder, the ingredients of a gun are EVERYWHERE.Also, mass murderers wont just go away either with a new law, they wil just resort to more horrific means like easy to make poisen gas, arson, bombing, etc.5 votes#9.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:52 PM ESTEvad EchsteinE_FAIL ......You truly are a moron. Our children are dead.2 votes#9.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:53 PM ESTDee Turnermelotsanumbers:  Mexico is a mess because they have no means to control our drug addictions-- and the flow of our munitions across their border.Our firearms have destroyed Mexico, and the same is going to happen here, if we refuse to control it. Connecticut's firearm laws do not matter, strict or no--Connecticut is a very small state and it's easy to drive outside the state to buy.  But there are no regulations in place at gun fairs, and they happen in every state of the union--including Connecticut.4 votes#9.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:55 PM ESTScoMata1964Dee, go to a "gun fair" and buy a gun and see whats involved before you spout BS. Also, unless you are a criminal, you must have a licence and register the gun.So who are you talking about the criminals or the law abiding gun owners? The criminals will get the guns no matter what barriers are put up.That is what people like you blindly fail to see.Then again, the banning of alcohol was so successful, maybe your wish will come true, right, cause all you have to do is make a law and people will obey it, right?10 votes#9.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:02 PM ESTezazI suspect that the young troubled murderer would have found a means to carry out his end even if he didn't have any immediate access to guns. Where there is a will there is always a way. Most high-school chemistry students can learn how to make explosives. There are probably on-line videos on how to do it.What I find interesting about these conversations is there never seems to be any interest in understanding the mind of the shooter. How can we possibly prevent something we don't really understand? Is there some way of identifying the signs of this type of pathology before something happens and dealing with it before it happens? People despair I'm sure because that is a far harder task than passing a law that will prevent nothing but make us *feel* safer. We would have to wake up and then notice and actually care about the people around us. Far easier to avoid the scary *others* and hide behind laws and theories.1 vote#9.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:14 PM ESTme1234567891Mexico is a mess because they have no means to control our drug addictions-- and the flow of our munitions across their border.Dee how convenient to pass blame for Mexico's problems to Americans. Though I do agree our border is a porous mess. Mexico has its own drug addicts the big difference is Americas wealth. The reality here as well as in Mexico is this is a societal epidemic brought on by poor parenting, lackluster education, and a culture that glorifies deviance and spits in the face of spirituality, hard work, personal empowerment, and self restraint.2 votes#9.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:25 PM ESTDietrichtheKaiserIf guns are so evil, why do the police always show up armed to the teeth?  They don't bring out their handguns...they bring the rifles and shotguns.  Guns have a lot of good uses...the media just never reports on them as they are far less interesting...  Most effective anti-rape tool is a handgun in the purse...  A gun in the hand of a good person saved my life...and many others...1 vote#9.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:44 PM ESTTiredVoter-951582Scomata, go to the gun show that they have in Chantilly Va at least once a month. YOU can buy and walk out of there with a GUN. NO background check, nada zip, zilch. So please stop telling that LIE!!! My husband has guns, we keep them in a safe and secure place. What is needed is MANDATORY education and TRAINING with guns, and a more stringent way to check backgrounds. No they won't get them all, but they sure will get more than they are getting now. I have been home all day (recovering from surgery this week) and I have watched this unfold. 1. The shooter was the SON of one of the Teachers (he went to her classroom to kill her) He was not just some "random" person stalking the halls.2. He killed his brother and took his ID ( his brother lived in Jersey)3. He killed anyone that was in his sights4. I am going to say that he brought the guns from home!!5. No one is abridging your "rights" but what they do want to have is a conversation about the nuts in our society.Can we do that? Can we at LEAST start to have a conversation about the people in our society that NEED to be watched?#9.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:52 PM ESTPAUL in chicago-1569139the usa,  where every nut has the right to be armed.  and is, it seems.either lock up all the nuts or lock up all the guns.  and it is an either or argument!!and to be safe you could lock up both. #9.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:01 PM ESTsatchmo-2916135ScoMata1964 Where do they grow morons like you?Over 32 people die each day in our country from gun violence; over 9,600 per year, ten times more than the nearest "civilized" country. If people don't have guns, they cannot commit these atrocities. Just recently in China a knife attack on childre resulted in injuries but not one death, not one.The solution is to ban all automatic and semi-automatic weapons. And, nobody gets a handgun unless you are licensed, and evaluated to be stable, and only because of need: examples; police officers, merchants whose establishments statistically are the target of hold-ups  like jewelry store, liquor stores, 7-11's, etc. The result is the manufacture of fewer and fewer handguns because there would be no market for them. Let Smith & Wesson make more rifles; can't be concealed, aren't automatic or semi-automatic and hold only a few rounds. In this way, the hunters, you know those guys who think hunting is such a great sport (does the deer know that he's playing?), can still go out in the woods and satisfy their penis complex.Lastly, having done quite well in my constitutional law classe I can tell you that the Second Amendment was not intended for citizens to be walking around with Glocks. And don't bother to say that the Supreme Court upheld the rights of citizens to bear arms, because the Supreme Court has been wrong many times before including deciding that citizens like Dred Scott were not citizens but chattel; great decision authored by Roger Tanney.The Constitution was written by old guys in wigs and short pants, almost all of whom were slave owners, and who only could have thought of muskets and singl-shot flintlocks when they determined that the "people' had the right to bear arms as a militia. The "people" , as in we the people, is a collective attribution not one to the individual. Hopefully, president O'Bama will appoint a few justices to the Supreme Court in this term and when the question comes up again, the gun nuts will be relegated to rifles---maybe even muskets.1 vote#9.20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:41 AM ESTnh_ladybugsatchmo,  my guess is you know exactly where morons are grown, for you,  its called home.  ScoMata is right on. #9.21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:58 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Alan-1380274 Comment collapsed by the communityGOD of Schools=Hell In The Hallways! You Reap What You Sow. No Prayer, No Mention of HIS Name. No Teaching of HIS Words. Bang, Bang, Bang!3 votes#10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:43 AM ESTthe queenielet me get this straight....because prayer was removed from schools ur god is punishing the schools by letting kids bring guns in so they can shoot up the place....um yea that makes NO sense what so ever....SMDH!!!20 votes#10.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:49 AM ESTCappy-1911Yeah, because that will keep the mentally unstable from shooting up an elementary school. Hey, you should take the locks off your front door and just pray that no one steals your things. See how far that gets you.16 votes#10.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:49 AM ESTJMRevDo us all a favor and please crawl back under that rock you emerged from.  Thank you very much!9 votes#10.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:53 AM ESTAleChildYou are saying that unless you pray to GOD, that you are subject to shootings? GOD must be an A-hole.12 votes#10.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:53 AM ESTWisconsinDad-2479817Alan...are you seeing someone for that? You must not be Christian as that is definitely not what a true Christian would believe. Do you belong to Westboro Baptist Church?5 votes#10.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:05 AM ESTlavrnSeriously? You are actually blaming innocent people - people who don't believe the way you do - and their actions to remove such beliefs from education for this shooting? You need help! For all we know, the shooter was god-fearing and went to your church! You have no idea, so keep your religious agenda out of this. Religion has no place in education with one exception - A class on religion.3 votes#10.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:21 AM ESTm0useYou god is so impotent..........he allows the murder of innocents every day.  He is either in hiding or he doesn't exist.6 votes#10.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:15 PM ESTCourageLovePeaceLiveOh no...I hope the suspect is apprehended before anyone is hurt. I especially hope the children are all okay!2 votes#11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:44 AM ESTjohn-3226351I would prefer that the suspect is killed, there is way to much coddling and bureaucracy in our legal system to bring these nut jobs in alive.13 votes#11.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:04 AM ESTDawgfan-4710266I agree with John.3 votes#11.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:05 AM ESTMark from BridgeportEspecially since Connecticut in its infinte wisdom has banned the death penalty.THANKS GOVERNOR MALLOY!5 votes#11.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:01 PM ESTEd B-3827712CLPL, Thank you for your post, our thoughts and prayers should be with the children of this terrible tragedy and their parents. 6 votes#11.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:52 PM ESTGneisenauStory updated and suspect is dead.  Good riddance.3 votes#11.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:15 PM ESTsid-524385You don't need the Death Penalty if you put the person in with the General Prison population. They take care of there problems NO FILABUSTERING1 vote#11.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:56 PM ESTzarley33wake up america!!!!!!  you need gun control.#11.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:31 PM ESTTexasMommaONE SUSPECT IS DEAD ... ANOTHER POSSIBLE SUSPECT IS IN POLICE CUSTODY ??? ... So it's possible there was more than ONE DEMENTED PSYCHO involved in this horrible, horrible tragedy ?????????? HOW is that possible ??? ... and HOW is a 20 yr old a parent to a child who is in ELEMENTARY SCHOOL ??? Even a Kindergarten student is 5 yrs old ... so this DEMENTED SHOOTER produced a child when he was just 14 or 15 ????? Everyone will be calling for more GUN CONTROL ... I don't like guns and I don't own one butPEOPLE, REMEMBER ... YOU CAN'T LEGISLATE SANITY OR MORALITYMy thoughts and prayers are with the parents and families of these innocent children and school staff4 votes#11.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:33 PM ESTDee TurnerTexaMomma:  Wow, you really misread the story.  He didn't kill his own child; he killed his mother and her students, and another (presumed) parent at home.We cannot legislate morality--but we can certainly legislate gun control. And if we don't, we'll go the way of Mexico, already destroyed by our addictions: to drugs AND firearms!4 votes#11.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:04 PM ESTRosie pThat is just really sad...... i dont know why anyone would ever do this! even if they were depressed or something STUPID like that..... that is just evil... !! who ever would do something like this is....... just............... wow dont even want to say.... my prayers are going to be for the familys to these poor people and children.!#11.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:21 PM ESTyou are clown Comment collapsed by the communityWhy can't we can't secure the permimeters of these schools? Because liberals say so that's why.3 votes#12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:45 AM ESTmarkinbeckerWhat kind of idiotic statement is this.43 votes#12.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:48 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710Yeah! And we should arm all the schoolchildren. Then they'd be able to defend themselves properly. If a 21-year-old has the right to a concealed weapon, why not a 7-year-old? The Second Amendment doesn't say anything about "adults only!" Damned socialists and communists.....21 votes#12.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:48 AM ESTthe queenieyou are clown what the heck are u talking about???8 votes#12.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:53 AM ESTRyan-2847120Let's turn our schools into Beruit, great idea.  The crossing guard should be packing an AK47 and the lady who directs the buses should be issued a nice set of pearl handled six shooters should any of them rugrats get out of line.   YEEEEEEE HAWWWWWW!!!9 votes#12.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:59 AM ESTjoemike404Because they are schools, not prisons.  I think there is a limit to which you can militarize schools without breaking down the learning environment.  Schools have taken numerous steps to improve security but there is no place that is totally secure.  If someone wants to get in badly enough, they will.8 votes#12.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:00 AM ESTWisconsinDad-2479817He IS a clown7 votes#12.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:06 AM ESTyou are clownOne way in - lots of ways out. Metal detector before you get in the front door. If liberals are gong to keep raising criminals, we need to protect our children somehow.markinbecker, it's a well informed one that I have formed after reading knee jerk posts like the one below yours from EarlyOut-1524710. Nobody advocates giving 7 year olds guns to take to school. Not todays children anyway.  2 votes#12.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:48 PM ESTSnakeboneWow.  We need to protect our children from the criminals raised by liberals.  Yeah, you're well-informed all right.  That's so obviously true, you should just call it science.There are a few countries where that kind of thinking is respected.  Iran, Pakistan and Belarus come to mind.  Too bad you missed the Pol-Pot era, you would've fit in nicely.5 votes#12.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:09 PM ESTObserving2With four major incidents in the last six months:  movie complex, shopping mall, workplace and now an elementary school, you have to start to wonder where is there safety?  Deciding to go to school today, shopping or seeing a movie can give one a moment of pause it seems because now, you really never know.  Paranoid much?  Understand how it can happen.1 vote#12.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:14 PM ESTE_FAILIf only the children had guns too, this tragedy could have been avoided.1 vote#12.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:16 PM ESTJXCYou truly are a clown.  You politicize this tragedy for what?  Do you get off on that.  In the real world the vast majority of domestic terrorism, including the mass shootings for the past few decades, have been at the hands of people with conservative leanings (as well as mental disorders- which conservativism qualifies as).  DOJ has plenty of facts to back this up, maybe you should stop disregarding reality, you sound just like what these shooters sound like before they go on a murder spree.4 votes#12.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:19 PM ESTJXCYou truly are a clown.  You politicize this tragedy for what?  Do you get off on that.  In the real world the vast majority of domestic terrorism, including the mass shootings for the past few decades, have been at the hands of people with conservative leanings (as well as mental disorders- which conservativism qualifies as).  DOJ has plenty of facts to back this up, maybe you should stop disregarding reality, you sound just like what these shooters sound like before they go on a murder spree.#12.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:19 PM ESTRincewindI love all you guys who are claiming a metal detector at the door would have prevented this.  Did NONE of you ever see "The Matrix"?  First thing you do when you walk in the door is shoot the guards manning the detector!1 vote#12.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:29 PM ESTFelix AlstonAnd the conservatives are the ones wanting looser gun restriction laws, Fool. educate yourself.2 votes#12.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:43 PM ESTI see good people everywhereYeah, some of the posts are pretty idiotic.  What the heck are you talking about "you liberals?"  Rotten kids are raised by both people who lean left and right.  Quite frankly more liberals would probably in favor of more government intrusion in our lives, as in stricter security of schools, than the right.  Quite frankly as a card carrying liberal, who owns guns and doesn't want the 2nd ammendment to go away, I would be in favor of locking down the school.  However, get ready for this my rightie friends, it will take money and higher taxes to do this.1 vote#12.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:49 PM ESTFire them all-3862471Hogwash. Denialism is in charge of this issue. The denial, as usual, is that minimalist gun laws require maximum security, especially in schools. People entering a school should have to go through the same security as an airport. Keep pretending that's not necessary, and we'll keep having tragedies like this. Perhaps a $200million lawsuit by the families will solve this by changing the procedures once and for all.2 votes#12.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:52 PM ESTJean-982597At every bank, etc. they secure the buildings.. They protect our money but not our Children.1 vote#12.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:59 PM ESTformerGOPlapdogMany people, including me, see the issue this way: both distal causes (like a mental disorder) and proximate ones (like having a gun on one's person) matter in firearm deaths, but often gun enthusiasts focus uniquely on the distal causes, arguing that nothing can be done on the proximate side because anyone who would kill another human being with a gun would clearly find alternative means if a gun were not available. Much discussion has followed this well-worn pattern: the alternative means argument. Yet that idea is extremely hard to reconcile with data comparing firearm deaths across states with differing levels of gun control (see the link below.)  I imagine that the precautions that gun ownership advocates support regarding gun ownership are among those the researchers studied - - assault weapons bans, trigger locks, and safe storage requirements. States with such restrictions on the proximate cause had fewer deaths. #Also, the alternative means argument leads to the prediction that murder rates should be consistent across the US and other wealthy countries. They are not: the US has more homicides than other similar countries, driven largely by having more gun killings.These statistics back up arguments that gun control advocates make about limiting or eliminating personal access to firearms. Guns are more lethal and less personal killing implements than knives, hands, baseball bats, and the like that Belcher might have instead contemplating using to hurt his girlfriend. Being distant from the person youre hurting increases willingness to hurt (check out how differently people reacted in Milgrams infamous shock study when the person they thought they were shocking was in another room). Killing someone in a domestic dispute is an impulsive action, and having a more lethal, more distant means of harm available increases the risk of harm from angry impulses.Support efforts to curb gun ownership...protect our kids.2 votes#12.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:02 PM ESTDee TurnerFormerGOPlapdog:  A voice of reason in a string of demented posts about arming kids and militarizing schools--THANKS!#12.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:10 PM ESTgordon freeman 777nooone has the first clue what your stupid lawyer talk means...distal.pistol restal blah blah blah im a cunnilinguist blah blah blah, it is in my humble opinion that the proximal region of this issue is diaposing view points on behalf of the league of heros that thusly obfusely originates form the antidiestablishmentarianism of the idustrialized miltraty complexitiesfsdefds of blah blah blah LAWYER WORDS#12.20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:13 PM ESTIN83Reading that this happened at an elementary school makes me so incredibly sad. I sincerely hope that it does not turn out to be that a child brought a gun to school.2 votes#13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:47 AM ESTGneisenauIt wasn't unless the elementary student was 20 years old.....  (I guess the story updated after you posted :)  )#13.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:17 PM ESTDawgfan-4710266Obviously the GUN FREE ZONES LEGISLATION prevents school shootings.  I can't think of a more useful law in the history of this country.  I mean, look how many shootings haven't occured because of that legislation and how many kids haven't taken guns to school.  You know we never hear of kids taking guns to school anymore, and never hear of school shootings anymore. 7 votes#14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:48 AM ESTWisconsinDad-2479817Yeah...it's right up there with DUI legislation5 votes#14.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:07 AM ESTMegidolaonYeah, strict gun control laws are working great for Chicago.  When will people learn that murderers don't care about laws?  As long as people insist on focusing on the wrong issues (the guns), they'll never fix the true problem (the people holding them).12 votes#14.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:17 AM ESTDawgfan-4710266@megidolaon,I've said it before.  We need harsh punishments on the criminals and not punishing the law abiding by restricting our rights.  There needs to be a minimum 30 years for possession of a firearm while commiting a felony or forcible misdomeaner.  And a MINIMUM LIFE in prison if a firearm is used in a crime.  I think most libs would agree this would be a much better solution than taking away the rights of the law abiding.9 votes#14.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:26 AM ESTWhats ina NameForget prisons, we need work camps.5 votes#14.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:03 PM ESTVin1112DeletedGneisenauForget work camps, we need larger graveyards......3 votes#14.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:18 PM ESTChris-1827611They almost always kill themselves as a final cowardly act.  Not sure that harsher punishments would make a difference.5 votes#14.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:18 PM ESTjeremy 1983YES dui's are sooooo rare because of it MORON1 vote#14.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:57 PM ESTsid-524385Vin1112, Your whats wrong with this Country. So, I suppose we will see you ON THE NEWS at some public place with a gun, KNOW!  Grow up!!!!!!#14.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:02 PM ESTDav1bgWe get upset about 28 people dying, yet today on average 1,200 people died on the highways, many of them children. But we legalize drugs, text, and speed. Now you want me to give up my constitutional rights to bear arms. Piss off.There were 400 children at this school, how much would it have cost to have an armed security guard? How many lives would he have saved? What is the safety of our children worth? Why doesn't the federal education board require some kind of armed security for our children??? When I fly there are armed guards everywhere, never hear about a mass murder there!! Yet the government leaves our children unprotected. Almost like they want mass murders at schools to push for elimination of the 2nd amendment!  (President's crocodile tears)#14.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:14 AM ESTTim MockI agree with alot of what you said dave accept fora  few details. You ask why they wont put guards at the schools Ill tell ya why. Those greedy scub bag republicans that run the house thats who. Thos Greedy, evil pricks that sit there forcing the governtment to make budget cuts so they can keep giving the oil companies the 100s of million in tax breaks, the same pricks who give tax breaks to the rich and let them get away with turinging 13% tax returns, the same pricks that have allowed the Bush's to spend trillions on wars that they still havent found the weapons of mass destruction for! The republicans keep telling the president to make more cuts but they wouldnt drop a dime to save a childs life. Those greedy cowardly pricks who keep forcing cuts on our school districts and education.  They will stand there and blame guns when they are so god damn cheap that instead of protecting theirown people they would rather spend trillons of tax money on wars to protect theit own investments in oil wells. states cant spend money they dont have and the republicans will see that they dont have any!#14.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:37 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Leigh Price-3641243We live in Newtown, 3 kids in school today, none at sandy hook...schools locked down...many friends kids at that school4 votes#15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:49 AM ESTDawgfan-4710266Hopefully they are all safe. 7 votes#15.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:50 AM ESTmarkinbeckerGood luck.4 votes#15.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:51 AM ESTUncle Henry Comment collapsed by the communityif my kids were even in that school district i wouldnt be sitting on my ass posting updates to a bunch of slacked jawed lib obama leg humpers but thats just me.  1 vote#15.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:24 PM ESTakavirGreat more ammo(literally) for the anti-gun nuts.  And how come every time there's a shooting the anit-obama nuts come out.  I mean I understand(but don't like) the anti-gun nuts coming out, but as has been stated above OBAMA HAS NOT DONE ANYTHING TO LIMIT GUNS!  In fact the only gun legislation he has had anything to do with is signing a bill making it easier to carry a firearm in a state park!That is all(From someone who voted Gary Johnson)1 vote#15.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:08 PM ESTdouglas oates Comment collapsed by the communityWHY ALL THE HATRED?    i'm just glad that the pace of dying WHITE KIDS is keeping pace with black kids. THERE IS A GOD!!!!! WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY !!!!!!1 vote#15.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:29 PM ESTGetting OlderFact check: the bill Obama signed had nothing to do with state parks. It had to do with National parks. You might have had some trouble finding it because it's actually part of a larger bill. Try looking up the Credit Card Reform Act of 2009 (HR 627). That's right, the firearm bill was a rider on the CC reform act. That is the ONLY reason Obama signed it. He's been quite busy "working under the radar" on gun control. Perhaps you've heard of Fast and Furious...Taking away a person's right to defend themselves doesn't make you any safer from criminals.#15.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:42 PM ESTLiveLaughLove87@Douglas Oates- Glad you seem to find time to troll along an opinion feed.1 vote#15.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:54 PM ESTnh_ladybugdouglas oates, you are a hateful and pitiful person.   Calling this a glorious day will surely come back to bite you in the ass someday.  KARMA3 votes#15.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:00 PM ESTwensdaequeen- jesus didnt protect anyone , they r  dead,  u   fckin  stupid  kunt#15.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:02 AM ESTLaMusicaUgh, at am elementary school?? What next...I wish the knew who the shooter was, like a kid who got a hold of a gun, a disgruntled parent, a teacher, someone who knows a teacher there...who would shoot up an elementary school! 2 votes#16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:53 AM ESTDawgfan-4710266AN ASSSSHOLE.  That's who. 14 votes#16.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:55 AM ESTsnowfi6916LaMusica, the two people who did this are scum.  That is all you need to know.  Don't make them martyrs by talking about them or giving them any news coverage.  They don't deserve it.1 vote#16.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:55 PM ESTJim LaeeWay too convenient for a president who is currently working "under the radar" on "gun control".  Look for more of this leading up to his attempt to remove the 2nd ammendment from the constitution. #16.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:33 PM ESTAmanda Engard CoblePrayers for these children and their families. Prayers for the staff and their families. 19 votes#17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:54 AM ESTnoncomsPrayers help those who pray, but they don't go much good for others.  Tell you congressman, especially if he is Republican, to support a semi-automatic gun ban.  That will make God happier than hearing one more person ask Him to do something.7 votes#17.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:07 AM ESTAnnie-716754noncoms, did I miss something?  Was a semi-automatic used?  I thought it was a handgun which was recovered.1 vote#17.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:04 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport@Annie: So far word is that it was a pair of 9mm pistols.Of course, semi-automatic just means that for every time you pull the trigger, ONE bullet is fired.4 votes#17.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:18 PM ESTDietrichtheKaiserIf semiautomatics are so evil, why do the police use them to stop the bad guys???#17.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:53 PM ESTRyan-2847120Is this where we're told that more guns will make us safer?  That's usually the automatic response to this, but still nobody wants to have a real discussion on gun control in this country.  Gun control does not mean banning weapons or restricting your ability to carry a weapon.Let's have a civil discussion about it and find some common ground12 votes#18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:54 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710Gun control does not mean banning weapons or restricting your ability to carry a weapon.Yes. Yes it does. And many people are in favor of precisely that change.8 votes#18.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:56 AM ESTDawgfan-4710266You do know that it's a felony to have a gun on school property, let alone discharging one on school property.  I cn also think of a few other laws broken without knowing all the details. Illegal possession of a firearmEndangering the wellfare of childrenPossession of a firearm while in the commision of a felonyAttempted murderThose laws worked so well to keep a person from taking a gun to a school.9 votes#18.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:02 AM ESTRyan-2847120Then let's have a discussion about it.  Arming the entire country is too extreme, banning guns is too extreme.  You can't expect me to believe that the founding fathers had any idea that one day we would  have automatic weapons capable of cutting down groups of humans in seconds and that was their idea behind the second amendment.13 votes#18.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:03 AM ESTDawgfan-4710266ryan,Before the 2nd was ever put into our constitution there were many attempts to create guns that fired projectiles in succession.  The first attempt was tried by the Chinese in 1288.  So thinking that our Founding Fathers in 1776 had no idea or hopes of a repeating firearm are completely false.5 votes#18.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:09 AM ESTLeland from DetroitYep. This is where people will say that "if only those children were armed it wouldn't have happened." I can't help but find it ironic that pro-gun nuts like the NRA push for looser regulation and laws for getting hold of guns and then claim that the problem is that the people who "shouldn't have them" are able to get them.4 votes#18.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:11 AM ESTPragmatic-3918582I can't help but find it ironic that pro-gun nuts like the NRA push for looser regulation and laws for getting hold of guns and then claim that the problem is that the people who "shouldn't have them" are able to get them.Many advocates actually tend to blame the victims. "If they'd been armed this never would have happened."#18.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:36 PM ESTK-386821The time has come for gun insurance. You own a gun it must be insured for any damage it will cause. Taxes on ammunition must be raised to fund trauma centers.  WE as Americans cannot seem to fight the NRA...so make the shooter  be insured. You buy a gun, you also buy insurance at the same time!!9 votes#18.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:52 PM ESTStoneCold-363654K-386821:  Actually that idea does have some merit.  We carry insurance on our cars in case we harm somebody; and liability insurance in our home in case somebody is injured.  The concept needs work, but it needs some fine-tuning.  And yes, I am a gun nut.3 votes#18.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:42 PM ESTcutmelooseBan the retards not the guns2 votes#18.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:44 PM ESTYoda-2881905Insurance doesn't help these families.1 vote#18.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:17 PM ESTMark from BridgeportK-386821The time has come for gun insurance. You own a gun it must be insured for any damage it will cause. Taxes on ammunition must be raised to fund trauma centers.  WE as Americans cannot seem to fight the NRA...so make the shooter  be insured. You buy a gun, you also buy insurance at the same time!!Please explain your plan to collect this insurance from criminals in detail. I need a good laugh to offset having to read about your desire to tax law abiding citizens. Also, can I use food stamps to pay for this insurance? How about welfare?1 vote#18.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:38 PM ESTpalmridgePlease describe the law that would have prevented this.  There is a law for everything he did.  Everything...all illegal.  It would seem that he did not review the laws prior to murdering these folks.  I think that many of you believe that tougher gun laws would have prevented this.  What you are really meaning to say is if guns did not exist,  then this would not have happened.  I'm sorry guys, but no law would have any effect here.  And,  banning law abiding people from having them will have no effect on non law abiding people.  It is as if you folks honestly think that the drug dealers and thugs and people like this murderer will line up right next to the decent folks to turn em in.  Seriously, are you all that stupid.  This situation is tragic to a degree that is far beyond evil.  Lets be smart and no knee jerk to irrational conclusions.   My heart breaks for the families and all  those involved and I would turn all of mine in if it would prevent another.  It would not. And if you really think about it, you know it won't.  Many of you just want someone to blame and others simply can't think it through.  1 vote#18.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:47 PM ESTtakenakaBan handguns and semi-automatic weapons.1 vote#18.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:31 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices mtpguyYou are the clown, clown. Why would make a tragedy like this political? Are you that jaded?3 votes#19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:59 AM ESTLAR 42Because it is political and profitable for the NRA and gun companies.8 votes#19.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:51 AM ESTGCCalLAR.....maybe I'm missing something.....how is this incident profitable for the NRA and gun companies.  And I see nothing political in this shooting.5 votes#19.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:56 AM ESTYoda-2881905Thank you GCCal.  Hard to find logical people these days.#19.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:19 PM ESTViktor SpinottiSo *now* can we talk about guns?  And how about the new law being considered in Michigan, to allow concealed carry in schools?  Simply madness....6 votes#20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:03 AM ESTpeteMTIf you can give us the statistics showing that law abiding citizens (perhaps school employees or administration staff?) with a concealed carry permits are shown to have a high frequency of walking into schools and opening fire, you might have something.But I strongly suspect you don't have those statistics. Because, you know, they don't exist.Because it doesn't happen.9 votes#20.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:58 PM ESTViktor SpinottiAh, so there it is, the response from the "more gunz is way better" camp.A gunman walking into a school has already made up his/her mind and psyched themselves up for what they're going to do.A teacher with a gun legally licensed and registered walks into that school ready to *teach children*, not take down some possible assailant.  If that same teacher has to psych-up to be ready to put down an attack, the extra adrenaline is also going to make them a less effective teacher and more prone to use that weapon accidentally (or even worse, in anger).More guns are *not* the solution; they're part of the problem.6 votes#20.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:31 PM ESTK-1298153How many more people have to die at the hands of lunatics with guns or pissed off husbands or suicidal nuts before someone openly admits that the problem in the USA is GUNS!  These kinds of horrific shootings have taken place in all the states, affecting people in all walks of life.  It's the GUNS that are the problems and the idiots who are allowed to buy them and collect them for mass  murders.  Guess the NRA will tell us when enough people are dead.5 votes#20.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:04 PM ESTryanb2121Let's make guns illegal so that everyone who does not follow the law can shoot others who do follow the law. Guns already exist... sorry, Viktor.3 votes#20.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:11 PM ESTViktor SpinottiYes, Ryan, but adding *more* of them is not going to make things better - only worse.2 votes#20.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:25 PM ESTRealWorldProgressiveRyan, why is murder illegal? People still kill people even with murder laws in place, so why even try to regulate it. It already exists. No reason to have any punishment at all!1 vote#20.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:09 PM ESTMarkusBWolfRemember prohibition? No one drank, right? There were millions of bottles of black market booze; some domestically made, some imported from overseas.Do you really think no one will have illegal gun making facilities? They are not that hard to make...just like most prohibition booze, not exactly top shelf, by plenty effective. You don't think many third world countries would love to supply them?We have stiff laws against heroin, right? yet there is plenty around, and I haven't seen many poppy fields lately.Allowing responsible citizens to arm themselves at least helps to even the odds; you can find countless stories online of armed citizens stopping criminals. No one can say what these criminals MAY have done without public intervention.Where we need to focus is on the reason these people kill, not by what means they choose to do it...a point already made here countless times, but seemingly ignored...Typical knee-jerk to any problem...either ban something, or throw money at it...2 votes#20.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:34 PM ESTjusme-3122537RealWorldProgressive- That is funny! I laffed for a min. Thanx for that..."why is murder illegal?" good one! :DIt is illegal because we dont like to see our loved ones hurt by fruitards or various other criminals. That is why we need to know how to protect ourselves and our loved ones in a crazy mixed-up world. A world where a policeman can take up to a 1/2 hr to respond, in some places longer, but a wacko with a gun can respond in the space of a hair-trigger.As a single mom who is trained in gun safety and use, I advocate gun ownership by trained, law abiding people. Though personally, in real life situations, I have never found myself near a gun when it would've been most handy. I have to admit knowing hand-to-hand self-defense has been my true life saver time and again.I dont imagine the children at a school would have the advantage of either. I feel if we want our children protected when they are in school for most of the day it is up to us to see that school officials are licensed, trained, and permitted to use handguns on school grounds.2 votes#20.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:01 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices HeyseedWhy did God make all these guns?3 votes#21 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:03 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710If the Good Lord had intended for us to have guns, he never would have given us the spitball.4 votes#21.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:08 AM ESTseen too muchSomeone witnessed God coming down from heaven and making guns?  Wow, I thought people had made those guns and hadn't heard the "God" part of the story.  I guess that proves God exists!1 vote#21.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:16 AM ESTseen too muchComments on God and guns aside, my sympathies go out to all affected by this tragedy.2 votes#21.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:22 AM ESTRonsonHere's the real truth.I was raised in the 70's and 80's in the good old days by my  good Christian parents who believe in God our Father in Heaven and Jesus  and I never heard of any shooting in a school or a any shooting in a  movie theater or any shooting in a mall in the 70's or 80's. The main reason all these mass shootings is happening lately  in schools and a movie theater and at malls the past decade is the fact  that our society has changed for the worse over the years mainly cause  as the years and decades go by 80% of our society has turned their backs  on God our Father in Heaven resulting in hate and evil and that  explains why most people are not friendly in public or at home and most  of the 80% of the people ignore people and gives them a mean look when  someone tries to be friendly and says hi to them or talk to them and  then the rage builds up.2nd reason: There is way to much violence on TV, movies,  video games and the internet. The 50's 60's 70's 80's before the  internet was invented and before graphic violent shooting video games  was invented and before they allowed violent blood and gore on TV and  movies America our country was a lot more safer place cause when we was  kids we played with each other in a friendly way like biking,  basketball, board games and toys or get out and play in the yard etc.  The past 20 years our new generation of kids has grown up watching to  much violence on TV, violent movies, violent video games especially and  the violence on the internet especially you tube videos etc.3rd reason: It's not a "We The People" society anymore its "All About Me Me Me" Greedy society.It's not God our Father in Heaven or Jesus fault this happen.  It's 80% our society in general fault for turning their backs on God  our Father in Heaven and Jesus. Love not Hate. Peace not War.1 vote#21.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:32 AM ESTarch-2019969we need to start arming these kids when they attend school - if they are able to walk, they are able to shoot. make sure these kids start carrying when they get to 1st grade. if every kid was armed, there would be no school shootings - well maybe a few, but i'm sure we'd all be so much safer. it's worth a few deaths to scare away the bad guy.  make uzi practice mandatory by the 3rd grade!!!2 votes#22 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:05 AM ESTlavrnI seriously hope you are kidding.3 votes#22.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:23 AM ESTarch-2019969oh, i'm serious, all right.  forget studying - daily live-round pistol practice at dawn beginning the moment the child can walk. sane shooters like g gordon liddy and dick cheney should be made roving instructors.3 votes#22.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:45 AM ESTKelly888Lots of talk of gun control.. for it or against it... People like this are NUTS!!  They will find another way to hurt people.  I do not understand killing people let alone at a school.  If you know someone unstable lock their ass up!!!  Tell someone about psychos, what else can we do??? #22.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:11 PM ESTRight2Left-2877258How about this... If you sell a gun to anyone who then uses it in a mass shooting you get a 15 year minimum prison sentence...  But of course you're completely free to sell guns to whom ever you want to...1 vote#22.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:38 PM ESTPragmatic-3918582People like this are NUTS!! They will find another way to hurt people.It's not about the ability or motivation to hurt people. It's about the efficiency. Guns are a ready-made efficient way to harm a lot of people. If they sold C4 cheaply by the ton with as few hoops in place as guns, then that would be the what we would be seeing instead.2 votes#22.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:41 PM ESTalittlesenseExcept that some nut in China managed to stab more than 20 children at a school.  And CHina features one of the most repressive regimes in the world, with extraordinarily limited freedoms.  If someone there can manage it, it can be done anywhere.3 votes#22.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:07 PM ESTBassman2012?#22.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:37 PM ESTBassman2012I have not heard one single gun nut explain any LOGICAL reason why we should CONTINUE to to allow UNREGULATED sales of guns at shows and from individual owners!?   WHY should we CONTINUE to allow these dangerous weapons to be purchased SO LAUGHABLY EASY by any WACKO who wants to murder people?  A little background checking and felony arrest searches would go A LONG WAY to help improve this OUT OF CONTROL gun-worshipping culture the NRA has helped to establish!  If you think that you just cannot tolerate some one checking YOUR background references before allowing you to own a gun, then YOU are clearly PART OF THE PROBLEM!3 votes#22.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:38 PM ESThadeed1i heard that the shooters are arabs#22.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:23 PM ESTformerGOPlapdogMany people, including me, see the issue this way: both distal causes (like a mental disorder) and proximate ones (like having a gun on one's person) matter in firearm deaths, but often gun enthusiasts focus uniquely on the distal causes, arguing that nothing can be done on the proximate side because anyone who would kill another human being with a gun would clearly find alternative means if a gun were not available. Much discussion has followed this well-worn pattern: the alternative means argument. Yet that idea is extremely hard to reconcile with data comparing firearm deaths across states with differing levels of gun control (see the link below.)  I imagine that the precautions that gun ownership advocates support regarding gun ownership are among those the researchers studied - - assault weapons bans, trigger locks, and safe storage requirements. States with such restrictions on the proximate cause had fewer deaths. #Also, the alternative means argument leads to the prediction that murder rates should be consistent across the US and other wealthy countries. They are not: the US has more homicides than other similar countries, driven largely by having more gun killings.These statistics back up arguments that gun control advocates make about limiting or eliminating personal access to firearms. Guns are more lethal and less personal killing implements than knives, hands, baseball bats, and the like that Belcher might have instead contemplating using to hurt his girlfriend. Being distant from the person youre hurting increases willingness to hurt (check out how differently people reacted in Milgrams infamous shock study when the person they thought they were shocking was in another room). Killing someone in a domestic dispute is an impulsive action, and having a more lethal, more distant means of harm available increases the risk of harm from angry impulses.Support efforts to curb gun ownership...protect our kids.1 vote#22.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:00 PM ESTMollie TArming children is not the solution. Getting rid of semi-automatic weapons, hand guns, and such would be a much better solution. The Founding Fathers didn't have this in mind when the 2nd amendment was written. How is letting persons with mental illness get access to semi-automatic weapons anything but a sign of the sickness of America?#22.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:58 PM ESTAkire Ilemol SelarepMental health screening before buying a gun  that's all I'm saying#22.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:25 PM ESTseen too muchAkire, normally I would agree with screening people before allowing them to buy a gun; but, according to the article, the guns were purchased by and legally registered to the mom, not the shooter.  Therefore, in this particular case, even if they had screened the shooter, it would not necessarily have kept him from the guns.While the whole issue of guns is quite important for this country, I don't think the guns themselves are the main issue in this particular case because I don't think regulating guns would have affected the outcome in this particular case-perhaps in others, I don't know.   I think mental health is the issue here.   While it is impossible to help every single person who is mentally ill-some don't want help and some are extremely difficult to help-I think the current state of mental heath treatment needs a lot of improvement!  Many can't afford the treatment or medications they need even if they want treatment and many find it difficult even to access treatment.  Social stigmas associated with mental illness keep some people from seeking help, and family denial can stop others.  Another problem which is seldom mentioned is that sometimes mentally ill people are badly mistreated by people in the medical field, and that may lead them to avoid all forms of treatment.  By "mistreated" I mean that they may be denied essential medical treatment or perhaps verbally or physically abused by medical personnel.  I have been around mental illness for quite a while and I have personally witnessed all of those in medical hospitals-more than once.    I have also personally witnessed major sexual harrassment/abuse by law enforcement.  There have been cases of people who desperately sought help, fearing they would act on violent urges or voices telling them to commit acts of violence, yet they were denied help for whatever reason and later went on to engage in acts of violence.Let me say that the vast majority of people with mental illness are not violent; in fact, most of you probably know quite a few highly successful people with mental illness around you-maybe your doctor, your lawyer, your accountant, your boss, your CEO, or a family member.  Most people are able to cope very well with a short course of therapy and sometimes medication, though some need more than that-but they still go about their lives just fine.  What concerns me are those who sort of slip through the cracks.  At the same time there are families who have done all they could to help mentally ill family members, and none of their efforts have been effective-I can only feel for those families.  I wish I knew the answers, but I don't-some of the problems are really huge, and I certainly don't know everything.  I've just been around for a while.#22.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:10 AM ESTseen too muchPlease understand that in advocating for the treatment of mental illness I am not attempting in any way to minimize or excuse the horror of this terrible crime.  I am only hoping, if possible, to help prevent other crimes in the future.  What happened at this school was unbelievable, and I grieve for all who were affected.  I can only pray that they find peace and comfort somehow in all of this.1 vote#22.14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:30 AM ESTRonsonHere's the real truth.I was raised in the 70's and 80's in the good old days by my  good Christian parents who believe in God our Father in Heaven and Jesus  and I never heard of any shooting in a school or a any shooting in a  movie theater or any shooting in a mall in the 70's or 80's. The main reason all these mass shootings is happening lately  in schools and a movie theater and at malls the past decade is the fact  that our society has changed for the worse over the years mainly cause  as the years and decades go by 80% of our society has turned their backs  on God our Father in Heaven resulting in hate and evil and that  explains why most people are not friendly in public or at home and most  of the 80% of the people ignore people and gives them a mean look when  someone tries to be friendly and says hi to them or talk to them and  then the rage builds up.2nd reason: There is way to much violence on TV, movies,  video games and the internet. The 50's 60's 70's 80's before the  internet was invented and before graphic violent shooting video games  was invented and before they allowed violent blood and gore on TV and  movies America our country was a lot more safer place cause when we was  kids we played with each other in a friendly way like biking,  basketball, board games and toys or get out and play in the yard etc.  The past 20 years our new generation of kids has grown up watching to  much violence on TV, violent movies, violent video games especially and  the violence on the internet especially you tube videos etc.3rd reason: It's not a "We The People" society anymore its "All About Me Me Me" Greedy society.It's not God our Father in Heaven or Jesus fault this happen.  It's 80% our society in general fault for turning their backs on God  our Father in Heaven and Jesus. Love not Hate. Peace not War.2 votes#22.15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:20 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Don-2405154We need to establish a national armory system similar to a library system.  Outlaw ownership of guns and then make them available on loan for a price for target practice and hunting season.  Armory card members would have gone through extensive background checks.Residents of rural states would be allowed limited ownership, etc. etc.  Something has to be done!2 votes#23 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:05 AM ESTeric-2645575yeah, there's a good idea. And when a criminal breaks into your house, you politely ask him or her to wait while you run down to the "library", check out a gun, fill out the paperwork, and return to confront them. SMH.11 votes#23.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:52 AM ESTGCCalDon, certainly not a bad idea you have there.  It would be great if he could be done.  However, then the problem is all the guns on the black market available to the kooks, so the same problem still would exist except the innocent people who have guns and never kill would be the victims.  I think it is a no-win situation.3 votes#23.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:54 AM ESTjanierockEric, are you going to politely ask him or her to wait while you wake up fully, find your gun in a gun closet or safe where it should be hidden and locked and away from kids and burglars, and then load the gun with the bullets that are also supposed to be hidden and stored away from the gun? Yeah, didn't think so.4 votes#23.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:19 PM ESTSabastian Samonte@Janierock What idiot doesn't have a gun loaded already in their safe?3 votes#23.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:36 PM ESTjanierockOne who is following the gun safety guidelines handgun enthusiasts always cite as a reason not to ban handguns. 4 votes#23.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:45 PM ESTPragmatic-3918582@Janierock What idiot doesn't have a gun loaded already in their safe?The "responsible gun owner" I keep hearing about.1 vote#23.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:43 PM ESTBonez-2685910We don't have a gun problem in this country. We have an ignorance and a crime problem also a possible prescription drug (anti depressant) problem.My thought and prayers go out to all those effected by this crime.5 votes#23.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:52 PM ESTSabastian SamonteWell fortunately enough I'm in the military I polish and clean mine everyday and load it everyday. I know what a safety looks like, apparently you guys don't.#23.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:32 PM ESTwensdaei remember grammar school kids were   horrid   brats   im glad they re dead  litle socialist brats  whorin  off the  taxpayer to pay for their schoolin they  should have  been aborted gold diggin  slob  whores#23.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:23 AM ESTRonsonHere's the real truth.I was raised in the 70's and 80's in the good old days by my  good Christian parents who believe in God our Father in Heaven and Jesus  and I never heard of any shooting in a school or a any shooting in a  movie theater or any shooting in a mall in the 70's or 80's. The main reason all these mass shootings is happening lately  in schools and a movie theater and at malls the past decade is the fact  that our society has changed for the worse over the years mainly cause  as the years and decades go by 80% of our society has turned their backs  on God our Father in Heaven resulting in hate and evil and that  explains why most people are not friendly in public or at home and most  of the 80% of the people ignore people and gives them a mean look when  someone tries to be friendly and says hi to them or talk to them and  then the rage builds up.2nd reason: There is way to much violence on TV, movies,  video games and the internet. The 50's 60's 70's 80's before the  internet was invented and before graphic violent shooting video games  was invented and before they allowed violent blood and gore on TV and  movies America our country was a lot more safer place cause when we was  kids we played with each other in a friendly way like biking,  basketball, board games and toys or get out and play in the yard etc.  The past 20 years our new generation of kids has grown up watching to  much violence on TV, violent movies, violent video games especially and  the violence on the internet especially you tube videos etc.3rd reason: It's not a "We The People" society anymore its "All About Me Me Me" Greedy society.It's not God our Father in Heaven or Jesus fault this happen.  It's 80% our society in general fault for turning their backs on God  our Father in Heaven and Jesus. Love not Hate. Peace not War.2 votes#23.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:23 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices RackNStackThe horse is already out of the barn with respect to guns.  They're here.  They're not going anywhere.  The talk about 'banning guns' will work as well as banning heroin and cocaine.  Because THAT ban has just gone swimmingly well, hasn't it? 12 votes#24 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:06 AM ESTTLriderI wonder if they would have allowed responsible adults who pass an FBI backround check and have a CCL to carry a gun to school and just in case one of the teachers or school employees would of had one with him durning this tragic day....How many people could he have saved.....5 votes#24.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:44 PM ESTPragmatic-3918582Probably none, as panic sets in those with the strong desire to live will tackle the guy with the gun, no matter who he is. How are they to know he's not the killer in a moment of panic?Let's say they did, we have level-headed people. Now this guy needs a clear shot in a crowd of innocent by-standers while not getting shot himself. It isn't going to be easy.Then the police show up. They have no idea who the CCL person in the school should be. They waste time putting him at gun-point and securing him, removing one more weapon that could be used.Remember, when Gabby Giffords was shot, there were at least two people who had CCL on the scene. They didn't stop Laughner. Unarmed citizens did. It's for those reasons stated above that they didn't stop him.4 votes#24.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:47 PM ESTDebbie-1804583Actually, that's not true...the person who tackled Laughner actually proceeded to do so because he felt confident enough to so do because he had his concealed weapon with on his person. He gave several interviews about it.  2 votes#24.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:01 PM ESTDebbie-1804583Actually, that's not true...the person who tackled Laughner actually proceeded to do so because he felt confident enough to so do because he had his concealed weapon with on his person. He gave several interviews about it.  3 votes#24.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:01 PM ESTPragmatic-3918582Confidence doesn't come from a gun. And he didn't stop Laughner with his gun. 3 votes#24.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:03 PM ESTjaededoneThe best you can hope for is TSA type security at the ONLY admittance door, and some rent-a cops on the inside. It won't stop someone from using a sharp pencil to stab, or breaking into the cleaning solutions for a chemistry experiment, but as one poster said, we can at least employ the same security for our children as we do for our lousy money at the bank.If anything, employ ammo taxes to fund door security and metal detectors.Within months of Columbine, my children's school had security in place. And it was not an affluent district. Sometimes budgeters just need a big slap in the face to see what's really important to student success. Like surviving the school day.Thoughts and prayers to families and friends in this community.  Peace all#24.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:29 PM ESTJazz007There were two tragic events happened today. The other one happened in China (bbcnews dot com:China school knife attack). They were both mass killings in a school. The differences are China is a strictly gun-controlled country, but the US is not. The end results are no one died in China (22 children injured), but 27 killed in US!!!1 vote#24.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 5:03 PM ESTcrslghtThis, as everyone will agree, is absolutely horrendous and the immediate reaction is for the general public to cry out for greater gun control.  But, stop and consider for just a moment, what might have happened if one of the school officials had a permit to carry on school property in his/her official capacity as an employee.  As it is, the shooter didn't have to worry about any significant response from the school staff and knew he was free to carry out his sick agenda until the first armed police responders could arrive, a process that I'm sure took several minutes.  How many lives would have been saved if, after determining what was happing, instead of calling the police immediately, the shooter was put down by the school official authorized to be armed on shool property?  Even if it were just one, wouldn't that have been the better alternative?  We all know that all of the changes in gun control haven't kept one single gun out of the hands of those who obtain them illegally.  Even if the laws were change and such changes kept this individual from getting his hands on a weapon legally, if he was determined to do what he did, as he obviously was, he would have just had to get the guns illegally, something we all know is not that difficult.#24.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:23 PM ESTmikelt25Guns are an issue so is the money that has been taken away from mental health that could have maybe stopped this sick indivdual before this happened--ttragic#24.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:00 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices TFNJThis is insane. No word on the shooter, whether this was someone shooting and bullets went toward the school, or whether there a shooter still at the school.#25 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 11:06 AM ESTLAR 4231 school shootings since Columbine.  That is insanity. 5 votes#25.1 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:30 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport31 school shooting in 13 years... not really insane given a population of 310 million.I'm sad to say it, but if anything I'm surprised it's only 0.0000001% of the population that's so f*cked up to do such a thing.11 votes#25.2 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:37 PM ESTakinna99Wow, that's about 2.4 school shootings a year. But you can't really base it on the population of the country, you have to look at how many schools there are. There are about 100,000 public schools in the US, so while the chances of it happening at your school are still small, they are a lot bigger than what you compute.But really, your argument is like saying only three lynchings happen a year and there are a lot of black people so it's really not an issue.5 votes#25.3 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:45 PM ESTPage DownMark, it really shouldn't be happening at all. But these shootings are still happening and are going to continue to happen as frequently as they do so long as Americans keep on desperately clinging onto their guns like a five-year-old clings to candy. So will other violent crimes.  4 votes#25.4 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:46 PM ESTDr. ChuckThere were 22 school shootings in the 13 years that came before Columbine.  These things aren't exactly new, perhaps slightly more frequent.8 votes#25.5 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 12:46 PM ESTRedskinCrazy Comment collapsed by the communityI just don't understand many of you.  At least 17 children have been killed at a US elementary school.  Some of you nutjobs say to ban crazy people and not the guns.  I think you are crazy to say that.  When you all were little and sitting at the kitchen table, did your mom or dad let you use a sharp knife if you were under the age of 9 or 10?  Probably not because you did not know how to use it correctly.  IT IS THE SAME WITH GUNS!  PEOPLE DO NOT KNOW HOW OR WHEN TO USE THEM!  THEY MUST BE TAKEN AWAY!  IF YOU WERE ONE OF THE PARENTS OF THESE 17 CHILDREN, YOU WOULD WANT GUNS TAKEN AWAY AS WELL!  WAKE UP AMERICA AND KICK THE NRA OUT OF POLITICS!10 votes#25.6 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:10 PM ESTHamster1"But these shootings are still happening and are going to continue to  happen as frequently as they do so long as Americans keep on desperately  clinging onto their guns like a five-year-old clings to candy. So will  other violent crimes."Shootings will happen no matter what.  If guns are illegal, the criminals will still have them because...you know..they are criminals and they aren't afraid of breaking the law.  I don't get how not "clinging" to guns, as you say, will help anything.  Anyone who wants a gun will get a gun, just like anyone who wants heroin or cocaine can get heroin and cocaine.6 votes#25.7 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:16 PM ESTJennifer-2446215 Comment collapsed by the communityWell, lets hear it from the gun rights lovers now and how it is not the guns but the nuts who kill our children and how so very much more important it is to have your @!$%#ing rights to own your @!$%#ing guns and how it is not that your minds are screwed up but it is the other guys who have their minds screwed up and it has nothing to do with your @!$%#ing right to own a semi automatic weapons.At some point, this country must decide what is more important, our children or the gun nuts right to own any god damned gun they want when they want it.  So far, I have not heard about how these so called patriots have done anything that improved a situation but they have allowed to the nuts access to guns to kill our children.  There will be no peace for this country as long as we have a love affair with our violence and our guns.  The NRA must be so proud. 8 votes#25.8 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:26 PM ESTMatt-1364961What we need are laws aimed at preventing psychopaths, not criminals, from obtaining guns.  People should have to pass a mandatory gun safety course which includes at least some rudimentary psychological screening. Sure, common criminals will find ways around this, but common criminals don't shoot up schools, malls, and cinemas. 2 votes#25.9 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:31 PM ESTfor ever dem Comment collapsed by the communityi know you are pissed and so am I but until the is a counter to the NRA and their lousy lobby we are stuck with the guns.  amazing that our neighbor Canada gets along quite well unarmed.7 votes#25.10 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:34 PM ESTa---randPlease----Please----Please People, can't you see what is happening?  It is not the guns, it is the lack of morality in our society today.  You can say what you want, but this all started happening when we took God out of everything.  It matters not if there is one or not, but the belief that we will be held responsible for our actions in another life does matter.  It also makes no difference who wrote the Bible or any religious books, or if they were inspired by God or aliens.  The subject matter is what counts and we have lost that to Hollywood and the liberal if it feels good do it society.Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah 6 votes#25.11 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:35 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport@akinna99: My point is that while it's tragic, it's a highly publicized but thankfully rare occurance.@Page Down: Of course it shouldn't be happening at all! Okay, let's think about it this way: gun ownership was basically illegal in Washington DC for 32 years (starting in 1975). Why did DC have one of the highest rates of gun crime in the nation? Hmm. Becuase criminals don't follow laws to begin with. Why has the crime rate plummeted since the law was overturned in Parker v. District of Columbia and the district was forced to liberalize somewhat? http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2012/jun/18/gun-ownership-up-crime-down/7 votes#25.12 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:37 PM ESTChepe-3690015Americans2 votes#25.13 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:39 PM ESTVICTORIA-1632092Right on Jennifer.There comes a time in all our lives where we decide to buy a gun or not, to buy a gun means that we are willing to take a life, that's not a choice for me. Why would anyone willfully want to take a life, that's a choice you make when you buy a gun. The gunman today made that choice.My thoughts are with the innocent families whose choice was taken away.NRA KILLS.........3 votes#25.14 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:42 PM ESTMark from Bridgeport@for ever dem: amazing that our neighbor Canada gets along quite well unarmed.What? Canada's citizenry is the third most highly armed developed nation according to the UN, behind the US & Norway.http://www.cdnshootingsports.org/tenmyths.htmlThere are about 10 million guns and 35 million Canadians. Basically there is 1 gun for every 4 Canadians. By any mesaurement, Canada is in the top 15 nations or better for private firearms ownership on Earth.http://www.gunpolicy.org/firearms/region/canada 7 votes#25.15 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:42 PM ESTHamster1"You can say what you want, but this all started happening when we took God out of everything."Really? I'm pretty sure humanity has been doing terrible things ever since we've been around.  There was plenty of religion around when the crusades, witch hunts and slavery happened. 13 votes#25.16 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:50 PM ESTPragmatic-3918582It is not the guns, it is the lack of morality in our society today. You can say what you want, but this all started happening when we took God out of everything. Just stop. There aren't more shootings just because you can't have a nativity scene in the town square. There aren't more shootings because gay people can get married. People have always ALWAYS been immoral and done bad things. That's a tenure of the Christian faith. 7 votes#25.17 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 1:53 PM ESTpuffffprag youre  a bible humpin  psycho#25.18 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:02 PM ESTpuffffmorality  and ethics have nothing to do with it  if you have no conscience or have a mental problem  there  r plenty  crimally insane ppl  even retarded ppl  can be very  very  dangerous so  can autistic ppl#25.19 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:05 PM ESTput a fork in itall that guns do is make it easier to increase the body count.  can't quite kill so many so quickly with a knife2 votes#25.20 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:09 PM ESTHamster1"prag youre  a bible humpin  psycho"puff you're an illiterate troll3 votes#25.21 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:11 PM ESTHamster1*deleted*...received error saying comment didn't post...but it did#25.22 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:11 PM ESTMN_Proletariat@a--rand. I am an atheist. I am a law abiding citizen. Just because I don't believe in god doesn't make me an immoral man. I am also a gun owner. Just because I don't have god in my life, doesn't mean I would do something so insane and inhumane as gun up a school, a kindergarten class no less. If you need God in your life to keep your morals, your humanity is no better than that of a dog. 7 votes#25.23 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:18 PM ESTMN_Proletariat@a--rand. I am an atheist. I am a law abiding citizen. Just because I don't believe in god doesn't make me an immoral man. I am also a gun owner. Just because I don't have god in my life, doesn't mean I would do something so insane and inhumane as gun up a school, a kindergarten class no less. If you need God in your life to keep your morals, your humanity is no better than that of a dog. 4 votes#25.24 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:18 PM ESTparagusPeople cant follow God 10 simple Laws.Do you think banning Guns will stop a killer or change the 200k laws that the USA has to keep you safe? Come back and post if you think this will stop the killing..2 votes#25.25 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:27 PM ESTByron RaumDo you think banning Guns will stop a killer or change the 200k laws that the USA has to keep you safe?Yes. Banning guns will make us safer. The harder you make it to find something, the less likely that you will suffer the results of someone getting their hands that thing.No, it won't make us 100% safe. There are even murders in countries where guns are banned; just that they are 100s of times fewer.Would you like a 0.1% chance of getting shot or a 10% chance of getting shot?6 votes#25.26 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:30 PM ESTWe-need-action-NowNo none of you are correct!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We definitely need guns more than ever to protect us and our families from these CRIMINALS.  WHO BY THE WAY WOULD FIND A WAY TO GET A GUN ILLEGALLY, BECAUSE THEY ARE ALREADY DOING ILLEGAL ACTS!  You all need to wake up and take responsibility with teaching and raising your kids; stopblaming an inanimate object,, really????  It started happening when we stopped making our kids accountable for their actions; when we stopped paying attention to them; when we stopped teaching them what is RIGHT and what is WRONG!  God is definitely part of the picture.  We need to have children with a conscience and a basic understanding of how precious each and every life really is!!!!!!!!!!!!!It is scary that generation will be in charge soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!8 votes#25.27 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:34 PM ESTgordon freeman 777no banning guns will not, but devaluing life the way we do as a nation certainly will lead to this....a personal relationship with your creator jesus christ who is god never leads to violence, no one has ever been killed because of what Jesus said,, people have used him as an excuse but it fails like saying law abiding citizens turn in your guns and we will all be safe;illogical,,do you libs realize that almost 20,000 people have been killed in mexico this past year in a nation where GUNS ARE ILLEGAL TO OWN????? taking guns away from law abiding people leads to criminals having the guns.  bleeding hearts need to enforce crime,,commit a gun crime and go to jail FOR LIFE END OF STORY .BUT YOU ALL WANT to rehabilitate these godless thugs who have been told by  the abrotion activists and  margaret sanger that they are worthless,,,we need to turn to god not away from god....you wil lall recognise that jesus christ is lord,,, trust in him  he loves everyone and we all have a sin debt we cant pay,,he paid it 2000 years ago if we will just trust in him3 votes#25.28 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:42 PM ESTDahyee Datoneguyvia FacebookThis makes me so angry.  I'm almost sad that SOB is dead, I was  hoping the parents would have gotten a hold of him.  If I had my way his  life, what little was left, would have been hell on earth.I'm  for gun control, the kind where you teach someone how to control that  gun.  Teach those teachers how to use them properly and arm them.  Give  them a fighting chance, they throw their lives down for the children.   And if we cannot do that, then we need to increase security in all  schools.  ALL schools.6 votes#25.29 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:47 PM ESTPragmatic-3918582Teach those teachers how to use them properly and arm them.Folks who advocate gun ownership tell us that we shouldn't institute tighter gun laws because of a very tiny minority of gun owners who go on a rampage. Using the same logic, why does arming every teacher in America make any more sense?1 vote#25.30 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 2:59 PM ESTSandyannCT has the highest % of tickborne disease in the US. The shooter should be tested immediately bya Lyme LIterate Physician (LLMD) for Bartonella and Lyme Disease. Bartonella can cause extreme anger and fits of rage. It could explain why this tragedy occurred. If the shooter had a previous history of Lyme and was only given 30 days of antibiotics for treatment, the victims families should file a class action lawsuit against the Infectious Disease Society if America (IDSA) since the current treatment guidelines  are highly incorrect and have left thousands of Lyme patients who were diagnosed late (persistant infection), to suffer physically, emotionally and financially.3 votes#25.31 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:23 PM ESTfrankie-1003looks more like he was angry at his mother and took it out on 25 other people....3 votes#25.32 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:33 PM ESTYoda-2881905So you really want to take away the legitimate right of law abiding people to protect themselves in their homes?  I received a call about my security alarm going off.  I arrived at my house fifteen minutes before the police got there.  The same was true of one of our neighbors.  You cannot depend on the police to protect you in a life or death situation.  If you don't want a gun, fine, don't own one.  But what right do you have to take away my family's only real means of protection?7 votes#25.33 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:33 PM ESTJohn Emerson-894677Pragmatic, arming teacher's how-ever distasteful would save lives. Just how many more gun laws would make you feel safe? What this nut did was already breaking numerous laws. You will never rid this country of guns, they would then go on the black market creating more outlaw gangs, and more criminal's. We need to address mental illness and gun education, something no-one wants to talk about. The anti-gun crowd in this country love a tragedy like this so they can demand more laws. How do the thousand and some law's on the books already work for you? Stop with your BS and pray for these families that are hurting today...4 votes#25.34 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:38 PM ESTFloatingfogHeres an idea lets cut to the chase and copy Judge Dredd and put more cops in schools end of discussion...versus the gun pro and gun con there isnt much of a choice... you either go extreme one way or extreme the other. That is the only way to deal with this problem. So why not grab all the extreme choices, look them over, and deal with it that way. Not much to be said we either repeat the same stupid argument every time these problems occur, or just take an extreme already. Lets give everyone guns, lets take away all guns, lets pull a judge dredd, lets add more cops, lets get rid of the cops and replace them with military police that can uphold the NDAA laws on the spot or that plus let them do the judging on the spot as well to throw extreme on top of extreme... I mean seriously we can only deal with this issue with extremes that everyone is going to hate, nothing we can do about. Just choose one and lets deal with this issue already.2 votes#25.35 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 3:59 PM ESTBears fan koolaidMentally disturbed people do have rights. But what about the rights of us who are not so disturbed that we could do something like this? Do we not have a right to live without the threat that one of them may snap? It is NOT inhmane to institutionalize these people. It is common sense. Whether the insanity is caused by drug abuse or whatever other popular excuse is being used nowadays. Freedom is a PRIVILEGE for those who can function in relative harmony with thier fellow man. Part of holding one accountable for thier actions is the recognition when someone is a danger to society. Sadly, our country is horribly lacking in this department. Our current abysmal public safety record is largely a resuly of APATHY. In so many of these cases we always later find out that the person involved was obviously disturbed but everyone shrugged it off like it was no big deal. We protect the rights of the criminally insane more vigorously than we do those of the undisturbed. Beam me up Scotty.3 votes#25.36 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:13 PM ESTJohnWW1I agree, we do protect the rights of the criminally insane more than the rights of law abiding citizens.7 votes#25.37 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:53 PM ESTScotty5151Someone said: "Dear Jesus, please protect these little children...amen"I'm sorry, but from a Theistic perspective, Jesus quite obviously didn't protect these little children.  He allowed them to be brutally murdered (for his "purpose"), so I fail to see a good reason to ask Jesus to protect them now.A more aptly put prayer to Jesus should go something like this:"Jesus, please don't allow ANY MORE children to be murdered...at least at this particular school, on this particular day...because although I fully realize that many other children are at this very moment being abused, tortured & murdered somewhere else in the World..., I happen to only care about these kids...so Jesus I humbly ask this of you & I give all glory & praise to you...amen"3 votes#25.38 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 4:55 PM ESTBelieve'nAmericaScotty:  You're right Jesus didn't protect these children but he obviously left a very strong message to all of us.  "Love one another as I have loved you"  It's up to us to protect one another.1 vote#25.39 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:19 PM ESTjanellectI live in CT and I have a child in grammar school. It just makes me sick to think no one had any idea this person was capable or they refused to face it.If someone wants to pray to Jesus. LEAVE them alone! no skin off your back, besides if it is comforting at least one iota, leave it be.You should be more concerned with how this guy fell through the cracks, and how to prevent it in the future.1 vote#25.40 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 6:42 PM ESTlouvaScotty, no where in the bible does it say to pray to Jesus.  You pray to God through Jesus Christ, that is why you end all prayers in Jesus name.   This community is still in my prayers, and so is the family of the shooter.  You can rest assured that the children slain today will be with God.  Today they are resting, until the day of judgment.  People are under the assumption that you are in heaven immediately upon dying.  To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.  Let me explain further what I mean by not being in Heaven immediately.  When you die you are resting, so it would be like you went to sleep and woke up.  It seems as if you just went to sleep, so when you die and are at rest and are awoken for judgement, it will seem like it is immediate.  God bless you all, and all the victims of this trajedy.Also, please don't use this as an excuse to try to take away 2nd Amendment rights.  My ancestors fought for those rights, and I am not going to give them up just because society has made a bunch of kooks, and the technology of weaponry has changed.   It is the right to bare arms, not only certain beauracratic approved firearm like a single shot shotgun or something to that effect.  If I want to own an assault rifle, that is my business, and mine alone until I make it somebody elses. The same goes for concealed weapon permits.  I believe that all concealed weapon permits are completely wrong, and the Government has absolutely no right to make me (a retired cop) take a class or make me pay a specail tax to defend myself or loved ones.  In fact it is none of the Governments buisness what kind of firearms I use.  I will never relinquish my firearms to anybody without a fight, no matter what unconstitutional laws are passed.  Just hope it doesn't come down to a fight. 2 votes#25.41 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:03 PM ESTBill Cooper-870021Another senseless tragedy!  Not only is this incident senseless and unconscionable but the timing is out rightly morbid.  How can such a crime against humanity ever realize even a hint of mitigation after commission during a major Holiday promoting love and peace and good will toward men?  20 children and 6 adults lost their lives in this expression of  consummate evil.  It's appropriate that social services will be provided in attempts to comfort survivors and family members of innocent victims.  Public figures call for lowering of the American flag, while verbalizing regret and dispair, symbolic of attempts to comfort the many lives shattered by this incident.  Tears appear to be shed in sympathy and for heightened effect.  Even our President used this incident to reassert his call for action to be taken to resolve whatever human activity may be held responsible for repeatedly sparking such inhumanity to mankind.  After recovering from the initial impact of this unmitigated horror, I commenced pondering:  How many of these incidents have occurred recently;  how many of them involved shooters decked-out in full military survival gear and armed with heavy assault weapons capable of rapid fire;  and, why hasn't anyone linked the peculiar similarities of these dastardly offenses to create a psychological profile?  Once that is accomplished, would it not be possible to determine the potential for conspiratorial theory?  With all of the recent social bating and hostility monopolizing our society, how far-fetched would it be discover employment of "Manchurian Candidate" techniques to program a human mind to perform a routine in accordance with prescribed destructive design and purpose?  Then again, perhaps it would be easier and less conflicting to just blame handguns and promote formal repeal of the Second Amendment. 2 votes#25.42 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:12 PM ESTJeffrey LGlock and Sig were registered to shot dead Mom/Kindergarten teacher of crazy perp., who thought it was a good idea to purchase and register weapons in her name, for her crazy-assed son to use....only in America.4 votes#25.43 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:16 PM ESTB Miller-Heart goes out to all the children.  As for all the people that think more gun laws are needed, they aren't using common sense.  The cities with the worst crime involving guns are the ones with the strictest laws.  There's a simple reason to this if you use your head and think about it.  2nd, there are some extremely crazy people out there that decide to go on these rampages no matter what.  Could you imagine if he didn't have those guns, alot more kids would have probably died.  Why? cause he would have used some other type of weapon like pipe bombs, etc. Removing weapons from the everyday civilian just makes it harder to protect ourselves from the real criminals that don't buy registered guns.  Why does it make sense to make it even easier for criminals to prey on people? enlighten me with your lack of logic please.  Banning semi's doesn't remove fully automatics from criminals does it.  We do need to do a way better job enforcing the laws we do have, and thats the real problem.  As for the few incidents of these mass killings the past decade, like I said before, guns or no guns doesn't matter, it was gonna happen no matter what when those crazies decided to kill.I'd really like a smart reason to why more gun laws are needed.  Not some stupid answers like "look what happened" etc.  Cause that doesn't say how more laws would fix the problem.  Less guns in less non-criminal hands does not equal less crime or death.  If you think it does you are not seeing the bigger picture.  Criminals will get their guns no matter what. 2 votes#25.44 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 7:52 PM ESTH3321278I suppose we will learn that there were warning signs and no one did a thing about it....All masacres are done by men or young boys... Men- what is wrong with your gender? Can someone answer why so many want to kill, rape, abuse and cause torment? So sad. Be kind to one another, please. AND if you know someone who is showing signs of violence- get them help and be aware!!1 vote#25.45 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:47 PM ESTKamaainaSorry, but your arguments are old and tired. You and those like you are sounding more and more like anarchists and terrorists. Our freedom of LIFE, liberty and the pursuit of happiness is under ATTACK nearly daily by those employing guns in the massacre of innocent children and adults. These basic freedoms need to be preserved and won't be until guns are removed from our communities.2 votes#25.46 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 8:48 PM ESTcarolynwilson1DeletedRoger Brown 4DEE TURNER,You are obviously an overweight lady unhappy with your life.  Sorry not enough men gave you attention when you were in your prime.You have some SERIOUSLY incorrect statements here.Hunting is passe?  Legal in only the Midwest and The South?  It is legal and exercised every year in ALL 50 states by millions of people.  LOOK IT UP.  Licenses sold are public stats.People like you talk about 'save the animals' and so forth, but it IS hunters and fisherman who pay for the VAST majority of all conservation programs via our self-imposed licensing fees; more money than you and PETA ever have or will.  It's been that way for decades.Buy guns at a show without regulation?  An illegal sale is an illegal sale.  Same laws apply in a show versus not at a show.  Challenge me on this.Any idiot can buy a gun?  There are no regulations?  Start with the Gun Control Act of 1968 and I'll quiz you over it.Ban guns?  There are over 250 MILLION guns in this country.  That's one for every person at *2500* sold out Rose Bowl games.  Do you really believe 'some more legislation' will keep bad guys from having them?  Have your head examined.Horrible shootings like this only happen here?  Take another guess:- Zug, Switzerland, September 27, 2001: a man murdered 15 members of a cantonal parliament.- Tours, France, October 29, 2001: four people were killed and 10 wounded when a French railway worker started killing people at a busy intersection in the city.- Nanterre, France, March 27, 2002: a man kills eight city councilors after a city council <  meeting.- Erfurt, Germany on April 26, 2002: a former student kills 18 at a secondary school.- Freising, Germany on February 19, 2002: Three people killed and one wounded.- Turin, Italy on October 15, 2002: Seven people were killed on a hillside overlooking the city.- Madrid, Spain, October 1, 2006: a man kills two employees and wounds another at a company that he was fired from.- Emsdetten, Germany, November 20, 2006: a former student murders 11 people at a high school.- Southern Finland, November 7, 2007: Seven students and the principal were killed at a high school.- Naples, Italy, September 18, 2008: Seven dead and two seriously wounded in a public meeting hall (not included in totals below because it may possibly have involved the mafia).- Kauhajoki, Finland, Sept. 23, 2008: 10 people were shot to death at a college.Winnenden, Germany, March 11, 2009: a 17-year-old former student killed 15 people, including nine students and three teachers.- Lyon, France, March 19, 2009: ten people injured after a man opened fire on a nursery school.- Athens, Greece, April 10, 2009: three people killed and two people injured by a student at a vocational college.- Rotterdam, Netherlands, April 11, 2009: three people killed and 1 injured at a crowded cafe.Vienna, Austria, May 24, 2009: one dead and 16 wounded in an attack on a Sikh Temple.- Espoo, Finland, Dec. 31, 2009: 4 killed while shopping at a mall on New Year's Eve.- Cumbria, England, June 2, 2010: 12 people killed by a British taxi driver.Get a clue lady.8 votes#25.48 - Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:04 PM ESTlewlew878Which of those were committed by women specifically again?#25.49 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:42 AM ESTRonsonHere's the real truth.I was raised in the 70's and 80's in the good old days by my  good Christian parents who believe in God our Father in Heaven and Jesus  and I never heard of any shooting in a school or a any shooting in a  movie theater or any shooting in a mall in the 70's or 80's. The main reason all these mass shootings is happening lately  in schools and a movie theater and at malls the past decade is the fact  that our society has changed for the worse over the years mainly cause  as the years and decades go by 80% of our society has turned their backs  on God our Father in Heaven resulting in hate and evil and that  explains why most people are not friendly in public or at home and most  of the 80% of the people ignore people and gives them a mean look when  someone tries to be friendly and says hi to them or talk to them and  then the rage builds up.2nd reason: There is way to much violence on TV, movies,  video games and the internet. The 50's 60's 70's 80's before the  internet was invented and before graphic violent shooting video games  was invented and before they allowed violent blood and gore on TV and  movies America our country was a lot more safer place cause when we was  kids we played with each other in a friendly way like biking,  basketball, board games and toys or get out and play in the yard etc.  The past 20 years our new generation of kids has grown up watching to  much violence on TV, violent movies, violent video games especially and  the violence on the internet especially you tube videos etc.3rd reason: It's not a "We The People" society anymore its "All About Me Me Me" Greedy society.It's not God our Father in Heaven or Jesus fault this happen.  It's 80% our society in general fault for turning their backs on God  our Father in Heaven and Jesus. Love not Hate. Peace not War.5 votes#25.50 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:37 AM ESTSCR77   I am the father of 3 children under 5-yrs old and I have already tuned the news out as it has already made me cry.  I have been described as tough and rarely show emotions, but I have always feared any child's suffering.  To think of the horrifying look on a babies face as they looked at their killer...  They cried for their mommy & daddy to come save them as their teachers fell to deafening bangs.  They wanted to hide behind the leg of mom or dad, tuck their face into a shoulder, and believed it would soon be OK to smile again as they always had.  Those children did not cry because they were afraid dying, no child that age really know what death is.      Now each parent that would have traded their life for any one of those children will be haunted with the image of their baby crying there name or for a teacher in the last lonely seconds of their life.  It does not sadden me, it makes me sick...   I can only offer hope in one directions and this is something I have said for years.  If our leaders could ensure all guns (criminal and legal) could be destroyed and I would never need fear them again... I would cut mine in 2 and melt them into crosses.  But until that day, I will scream for every school to have a guard.    This evil person buzzed into the school for signing in, and killed those who were expected to stop him.  What were they supposed to stop him with??? WORDS!!! Who was then left to call for help?    We have an untold number of hero's returning home trained to defend us from enemies foreign & domestic.  Most would be more than adequate and happy to protect our babies with their life. Take the wasted money from the infamous Big Bird (400-Mill) and give it to our children's safety & education.  This is more than enough funding to start.    Alas it saddens me to realize the easy and political way to solve this is through gun-bans.  Take them from us and everyone will be safe.  I defer to my statement above, but it is impossible to keep them away from those meaning harm, and I will protect my family until my last breath the best way possible.  I firmly believe educating people on firearms and licensing for different levels of firearms (not registering) is a solution.  But it is not enough, you will never prevent all evil.   School is not the place to prepare for war, but it is not the place for buttons on doors guarded by teachers armed with words...  Our children and those we entrust them to deserve so much more.   I cannot understand the strength these parents have as I could not have made it half as far.  Peace to the innocent children and the loving parents.  I will pray you have the strength I could never possess... Then I will cry2 votes#25.51 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:19 AM ESTAllanLThese mass public shootings have been taking place in America for decades. The US has had more mass killings of this kind than any other country, in the world. Now, for most Americans their heroes are killers. Soldiers who trained to kill other human beings are the biggest heros in America. In fact, it would difficult for an American to name one of their heros who was not mass murderer.Could any reasonable person expecting anything else from a society and a people who have glorified war, destruction and death? America and Americans are defined by division, war andan insatiable desire for blood.For this year alone, ther have several mass killings of the innocent and in each event, there is the same nonsensical reaction about whether to ban or not ban.America is a rotten society and no amount of explanation will change anything until a recognition of the core problem is made. The society is among the most violent in the world and ha been that way from the very start of nation.I believe that the worst experience in life is to watch your children die and too many Americans are watching their children die, but only a very few are willing to identify the real issue. The idea of violence, destruction and death have become an integral part of the concept of America and the children are born, and nurtured in that corrupt and corrupting culture.No people on earth are more in favour of war than Americans. The answer, for most Americans, to almost any inter-personal and international issue, is war. Well, our children have assimilated the values we hold dear and they are unrestrained in the willingness to practice those well taught values. Wake up America, true peace and freedom were never an American ideal; they were cloak of invisibility while you conducted your killing sprees around the world.3 votes#25.52 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:42 AM ESTToneilI agree with you AllanL, 100 % you right. Children learn what they see. Plus here everybody can have weapons just if they are registered is fine, that registration does not save life of people. Karma return to the nation, and the sad part of is, inocent pay for it.  I have seen children learning how to use rifles, pistols, etc just to kill deers, and others animal, just for pleasure. The earth screen for justice....and again, inocents are paying.2 votes#25.53 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:05 AM ESTArthur 10     First and foremost my heart goes out to the parents and family members affected by this madman.  My Prayer's will be with you in the months ahead during your difficult time.  WE HAVE FAILED AS A SOCIETY TO PROTECT ONE OF THE PUREST THINGS THAT MAKE US HUMAN, "OUR CHILDREN".  In the months ahead, there will be serious discussions, arguments, and even politicians will get involved for there own political gains, but in the end we all know what will happen, probably nothing that will be truly effective to deal with this issue.  Every level-headed adult has the right to own a non-semi automatic gun, but with ownership does come a great deal of responsibility because you the owner are ultimately at fault if something tragic happens, so keep it locked up!!!!  I feel that we should have stricter gun laws throughout this country but even with stricter gun laws our children will not be completely safe in this country, because if a madman really wants to get his hands on a gun he will always find a way.  The ONLY LONG TERM SOLUTION to this problem is having NATIONAL STANDARDIZED SECURITY AT ALL PUBLIC AN PAROCHIAL SCHOOLS, K  12.  YES!!!!! THIS IS THE WORLD WE LIVE IN NOW!!!! WAKE UP AMERICA!!!! Two Officers with a metal detection walk-through unit are all that is needed and more Officers for larger schools.  If your children are in public schools then work the fee into our property taxes, and if there in parochial schools you work the fee into tuition costs. THERE WASHINGTON I JUST GAVE YOU THE SOLUTION ON A SLIVER PLATER, TRY NOT TO @#@& IT UP TO BADLY!!  IVE EVEN STIMULATED THE ECONOMY AS WELL AND IM JUST A FATHER SITTING ON MY COUCH!!!     If you think this idea is a little extreme consider this one fact, Newtown CT IS SMALL TOWN USA!!! It is a middle/upper class town with a low crime rate, nestled away in northern Fairfield County.  I live only 20 minutes away from Newtown, and trust me when I say its a beautiful town.  If it can happen there it can happen anywhere, so unless something is done now on a federal and or state level to deal with this issue this tragedy will inevitability happen again in the future.  WASHINGTON ACT NOW, OUR CHILDREN DESEVRE BETTER THAN THIS!!!1 vote#25.54 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:53 AM ESTLiz Mclachlanvia Facebookr.i.p to all who lost there lives in this tragic event, my thoughts are with the families and friends xx#25.55 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 5:50 PM ESTJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  188Leave a Comment:Name: Email Address (will be verified, but never shown): You're in Easy Mode. If you prefer, you can use XHTML Mode instead.You're in XHTML Mode. If you prefer, you can use Easy Mode instead.(XHTML tags allowed - a,b,blockquote,br,code,dd,dl,dt,del,em,h2,h3,h4,i,ins,li,ol,p,pre,q,strong,ul)Post to my Facebook WallNewsvine Privacy StatementAs a new user, you may notice a few temporary content restrictions. Click here for more info.Most popular postsolder5daysagoAfter school shooting, quiet Newtown wonders, 'How can we be protected from people like this?'newer4daysagoMan pleads guilty to abandoning 30 animals at out-of-business pet storeMost popular posts514Family: Newtown boy's favorite teacher died cradling him in her arms24hoursago555Lone survivor in Connecticut classroom: 'Mommy, I'm OK, but all of my friends are dead'2daysago1052Very heavily armed gunman shot mother multiple times before killing 26 at Connecticut school, police say3daysago1279Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say4daysago879Authorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacre5daysagoBrowsefeatured, crime, military, weather, environment, california, florida, shooting, education, us-news, new-york, gulf-oil-spill, texas, kari-huus, police, chicago, trayvon-martin, obama, afghanistan, sandy, los-angeles, murder, new-jersey, politics, barack-obama, george-zimmerman, colorado, gay, religion, school, hurricane, decision-2012, arizona, penn-state, veteransAlsoAdvertise | AdChoices Archives2012December (308)November (460)October (477)September (432)August (525)July (519)June (508)May (566)April (538)March (576)February (471)January (417)2011December (455)November (190)October (9)September (3)August (51)July (8)June (3)May (12)April (5)March (3)February (1)January (8)2010December (5)November (1)October (2)September (28)August (40)July (35)June (177)May (50)April (9)March (2)February (2)January (4)2009December (5)November (5)October (2)September (11)August (4)July (12)June (1)May (1)April (1)March (3)February (3)January (2)2008December (3)November (2)October (6)September (30)August (26)July (10)June (4)May (8)April (13)March (9)February (7)January (6)2007December (10)November (6)October (22)September (11)Most CommentedElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter  (11329)EXCLUSIVE: Susan Rice drops out of running for secretary of state, cites 'very politicized' confirmation process (1970)Same-sex wife of Army officer banned from joining Fort Bragg spouses club (2300)Fierce debate after Newtown school shootings: Where was God? (2059)Hillary Clinton recovering after fainting, suffering a concussion (2308)Mom of suspected school shooter -- first to die -- was avid gun enthusiast, friend says (1662)Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say (1279)Other blogsThe Body OddCosmic LogRed Tape ChroniclesPhotoBlogGadgetboxTechnologUS NewsOpen ChannelInGame top stories3147,10 2012 NBCNews.comUS news on NBCNews.com About usContactHelpSite mapCareersClosed captioningTerms & ConditionsPrivacy policyAdvertise