Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say - U.S. NewsMSNHotmailMoreAutosMy MSNVideoCareers & JobsPersonalsWeatherDelishQuotesWhite PagesGamesReal EstateWonderwallHoroscopesShoppingYellow PagesLocal EditionTrafficFeedbackMaps & DirectionsTravelFull MSN IndexBing NBCNews.comsites & shows:TODAYNightly NewsRock CenterMeet the PressDatelinemsnbcBreaking NewsEveryBlockNewsvineHomeUSWorldPoliticsBusinessSportsEntertainmentHealthTech & scienceTravelLocalWeatherAdvertise | AdChoices Recommended: 'Light amidst the darkness': Heroic teacher Victoria Soto rememberedRecommended: School abuse victim wins record $23 million in damagesRecommended: Cops: Fla. after-school basketball coach tried to get teen into porn videosRecommended: Craigslist case: Calif. couple shot while trying to sell iPhoneNBC News reporters bring you compelling stories from across the nation. For more U.S. news, follow us on Twitter and Facebook.  About this blog Archives E-mail updates Follow on Twitter Subscribe to RSS1279commentsPrint4daysagoNewtown gunman forced his way into school, police sayConnecticut state police hold a news conference to update the investigation into Friday's deadly shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn.By Tracy Connor and Pete Williams, NBC News UPDATED 3:21 p.m. ET:Newtown massacre gunman Adam Lanza forced his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School, where his youngest victims were shot at close range, law enforcement officials told NBC News.The chilling details emerged as authorities prepared to release the names of the 20 children and six adults slaughtered Friday at the Connecticut school.Follow @NBCNewsUSA team from the Medical Examiners office worked all night to identify the bodies, which were removed by Saturday morning, while officials notified parents. It could take at least two more days for investigators to finish combing over the crime scene.Advertise | AdChoices Weve been doing everything we need to do to peel back the onion, layer by layer, and get more information, Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance said."Our investigators at the crime scene ... did produce some very good evidence in this investigation that our investigators will be able to use in, hopefully, painting the complete picture as to how - and more importantly why - this occurred.Police have already determined that gunman Adam Lanza, 20, was not buzzed into Sandy Hook, where he was once a student.He forced his way into the school, Vance said. He did not provide specifics and said that broken windows at the school may have been shattered by police who responded to the emergency.Several officials told NBC News that once Lanza was inside, he shot the 20 children at close range, then killed himself. His mother, Nancy Lanza, was found shot to death at her home in Newtown.Law enforcement officials gave out conflicting details about what type of weapons Lanza had.At one point, they told NBC News Lanza had four handguns while he stalked the halls of Sandy Hook, but that could not be confirmed. It appears he carried at least two 9mm handguns  and a rifle was also found at the scene.NBC's Pete Williams reports that Connecticut school shooter Adam Lanza attempted to purchase a rifle earlier this week at a sporting goods store in Danbury, Conn.Officials also told NBC News that Lanza unsuccessfully tried to buy a rifle at a Dicks Sporting Goods store in Danbury three days before the slaughter, but later said they could not confirm the report, which was based on information from members of the public.At a Saturday briefing, Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance said officials were tracing every weapon connected to the shooter.The motive for the mass killing was unknown, but officials told NBC's Pete Williams that they were investigating a report that someone had an "altercation" with four staff members at the school on Thursday  three of whom were killed the next day.Of the many questions surrounding the tragedy,none was more poignant than those posed by the parentsof the dead children, who shared their worst fears about their childrens final moments with clergy consoling them.They were wondering whether the children knew what was happening to them, whether they were afraid, saidMonsignor Robert Weiss of St. Rose of Lima Church, whomet with the families overnight at a firehouse while workers from the medical examiner's office identified the bodies.A state trooper has been assigned to the family of each victim so they can grieve in private, Vance said. This is an extremely heart-breaking, difficult thing, he said.Police provided little information about the shooters state of mind. Lanzas brother told police the gunman had a history of mental problems, though a classmate from Newtown High School recalled him as a generally happy person.We would hang out, and he was a good kid,Joshua Milas, who had not seen Lanza in a few years, told The Associated Press. He was probably one of the smartest kids I know. He was probably a genius.Lanzas connection to the school was unclear. Law enforcement officials initially said his mother was a kindergarten teacher there, but the school superintendent toldTODAYthat she wasnt a full-time staffer and may not have any connection to the school.Advertise | AdChoices Police said their investigation into Lanza and how he carried out the horrendous crime was still in the early stages.We have a mountain of evidence, both physical and forensic,Newtown Police Lt. George Sinkosaid. Obviously were not going to leave any stone unturned.He said the entire town of 27,000  a sleepy bedroom community some 60 miles from New York City and known for its good schools  was reeling.We never thought this would happen here, Sinko said. Our hearts are broken for the families of these victims.Even the young survivors -- ages 5 to 10 -- will be scarred. They spoke of huddling in corners of locked classrooms and closets with heroic teachers while shots rang out around them.Sandy Hook Elementary principal Dawn Hochsprung died in the attack after reportedly running toward the gunfire to protect her students. TODAY's Erica Hill reports, and Savannah Guthrie talks with two men who knew her. Robert Licata said his 6-year-old son was in class when the gunman burst in and shot the teacher."That's when my son grabbed a bunch of his friends and ran out the door," he told The Associated Press. "He was very brave."The school superintendent, Dr. Janet Robinson, said the body count would have been even higherif not for staff who rushed to protect their young charges.All of the dead were found in two rooms.A lot of children are alive today because of actions the teachers took, she said.The high death toll and the tender age of the victims sentshock waves across the nationand all the way to the White House, where the flag was lowered to half-staff.President Obama, his voice cracking at times, said he reacted to the tragedy first as a parent.Our hearts are broken today,'' he said in a news conference Friday. The majority of those who died today were children. Beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old.Related content from NBCNews.com:Elementary school massacre: 28 killed, including 20 kidsQuiet town wonders, 'How can we be protected'?Vigils, services honor school shooting victimsVideo: 'Our hearts are broken,' Obama saysGunman's mother owned weapons used in massacre'Screams were coming over the intercom'Traumatized nation reels from 'day of sadness and grief' Video: School shooting reignites gun control debateHow to talk to kids about the school shooting Massacre leaves America shocked and grieving ... againConnecticut school shooting is second worst in US historyAuthorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacreAdvertise | AdChoices Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and FacebookSlideshow: Connecticut school massacreMichelle Mcloughlin / ReutersThe second deadliest school shooting in U.S. history sent crying children spilling into the school parking lot as frightened parents waited for word on their loved ones.Launch slideshowExplore related topics: schools, crim, connecticut-school-shootingolder4daysagoMass traumas ripple across towns   and timenewer4daysagoLives saved by teachers, custodian and even children in Connecticut school shootingDiscuss this postJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  21Dee Dee-2887849I don't understand what his mother felt the need to have 5 guns? Mental illness in the home and guns do not mix! It is a recipe for disaster.96 votes#1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:30 AM ESTKevin from Oregonagreed. somethings wrong with that pic....we will hear more as this plays out.30 votes#1.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:10 AM ESTGCK-WYO Comment collapsed by the communityWell I have 4 guns just in by bedroom. A .20 gauge shotgun, .308 thompson contender pistol, .243 remington rifle, and a .357 pistol. I am also a 21 year old white male. I don't plan on going on a killing spree.Let's leave the assumptions and speculation to the "sensational" media.68 votes#1.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:25 AM ESTJrzWrldExactly. Why on earth would a woman living in one of the safest suburban communities in the country feel the need to have multiple firearms in her house when she has a child who has a long history of mental illness? I cannot imagine that rationale at all.I grew up in a house full of guns - my father was a hunter and we lived in a rural area. I can see both sides of the argument on gun control. But this idea that you are safer in the house if you have a gun is pure fantasy in most cases. Why do we read in the papers about people scaring intruders or assailants off with guns? Because it's NEWS - it happens so rarely that it makes headlines. Unless you live in a terrible neighborhood, or out in the middle of nowhere, a gun is more likely to be a major liability. Home invasions are NOT common in most areas. Violent crime is at historic lows in this country. If you want to protect yourself and your family, invest in some decent security doors, an alarm and a big friendly dog that barks when anyone comes around.The real problem with guns is that too many idiots own them. In my version of gun control, people would take rigorous classes and training before owning one or receiving any kind of permit to carry (current standards are mostly a joke). Too many people treat them like toys, store them improperly, handle them carelessly and respond inappropriately when they feel threatened. And yet, in many states, gun ownership requires less testing and training than driving a car. That's insane. The NRA can fight every attempt at regulation if it wants, but a few more cases like this and all they will succeed in doing is uniting the majority of the public against guns entirely.96 votes#1.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:31 AM ESTAnita-2036926I agree with just about everything you said.  What I wonder about is how many more of these events we have to have to unite the majority of the public against guns?  Or at least against unrestricted, unregulated gun ownership?  What does the body count have to be?26 votes#1.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:38 AM ESTWilliamOfRites Comment collapsed by the community. I am also a 21 year old white male. I don't plan on going on a killing spree.I'm sure 6 months ago Mr. Lanza didn't either.Or at least against unrestricted, unregulated gun ownership? What does the body count have to be?That number is the same as the square root of any negative number, it doesn't exist.31 votes#1.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:51 AM ESTLogical-7476822JRzWrld- You may want to take a look at the gun laws in Norway. Didn't seem to help all those dead kids.You need to look at the real issue. The shooters in Arizona, Colorado and this one all seem to have a common issue. Mental Health issues. Not sure about the last mall shooters mental health but it sure sounds like he had some thing going on.The left want to blame the guns and not the person with the Mental health issues. 63 votes#1.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:00 AM ESTsickandtired-554972Maybe we ought to place the same regs in place for guns as the govt did with medical marijuana. High surveillance, acces to the business owners nank records, audits, etc. Yes this will put a lot of businesses out of nusiness, but thoses are also not playing the game. One 410 shotgun with a good dog is all you need to protect your house. Anymore than this is overkill, no pun intended. Ban handguns and assualt weapons and recognize there is a major illness in America and it is mentel illness!!!! The two do not go togehter very well. I also have to ask why five guns in a safe neigborhood with a child with history of mental illness? REALLY!?18 votes#1.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:08 AM ESTSuzi SaulGCK, do you have anyone living in your home with mental health issues? No? Then I'm not worried about you having guns. 18 votes#1.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:19 AM ESTpedrora Comment collapsed by the communityExactly my brother, there was no need to have five guns, one is just enough and they kept the bullets in the gun to shoot. There are numerous errors conducted here. When I was in the army we kept the ammo locked up and only one person have access to it as well as the m16 riffle inwhich I was in charge of locking up the riffle, there is no problem with that and it work just fine. Two why on earth the teacher was trying to prove that guns are safe, yes in the right hand if properly trained no in the wrong hand if unproperly trained, look at prior incidents like the one at the malls which frequently occurs. That person was hunting for vicitms. I stand firm against hunting animals for the sport, you can hunt for food and not all the animals, but in hunting season anything goes which is wrong, there is no order or principals. I always said, Police are promoting weapons of mass destruction, look at those two officer they have guns, showing them which teaches the children its ok to have guns and they are not properly trained. And as far as the administrator, well I have known that they lie about how truly she was, so I am bais about what was said about her. A teacher has to be train on conducting teaching business, a law enforcement has to be trained in law enforcement and its not adequate the training they have because they don't know how to handle a cituation like this. training can be done to get familiarized with cituation like this. Another thing, why on earth does that swat teams come after the fact, gee the school have enough employees. Where was the school police at the time and why they were not stationed in from of the school guarding it the children.2 votes#1.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:29 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710 Comment collapsed by the communityWell I have 4 guns just in by bedroom.Here's one that bears watching....34 votes#1.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:31 AM ESTtexasbob Comment collapsed by the communityI have often wondered why people feel the need to have a whole bag full of gulf clubs and sometimes multiple bags of gulf clubs I just don't understand.48 votes#1.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:32 AM ESTTim MockThis is the prime example of people trying to blame inanimate Object! I got an idea for the people who like to blame the gun while were trying to make gun ownership illegal we should try to make Cocaine, Crack and other bad drugs illegal as well! Ohhhh Wait we already did! Yet its so plenty available, the same kinda people that can get ahold of illegal guns can purchase almost any kind of drug they want on a daily basis. What i cant believe is that so many people are so blind to whats going on around them that they have no clue whats going on.The real issue should be How can a person walk right up to a school full of children and enter so easily? RThats what i want to know. How can Our house of represenatives (The House that is and has been Republican Majority ruled sit there spend trillions on wars that they never found the weapons of mass destructions they started them for in the first place), Sit there destroying and rebuilding other countries while they cut funding for our federal education system, knowing full damn well whats been going on in the past 15 or so years. Why is does everyone focus on an Inanimate object when our attentiopn should be doing something that actually protects the children. Maybe our represenatives should stop giving 100s of millions in tax breaks to the Big oil companies and use some of the money to make a federal law to put guards at our schools. While the house sits there and refuses to work to help its own people and send our soldiers off to fight wars only to protect the Big oil profits, Americas kids pay with the tax cuts by staring down the barrel of a Gun! people try to say this has nothing to dow ith politics? It sure as Hell does, the politcis are the ones cutting the funding so the schools cant even afford to give the kids a pencil and paper needed to provide the education the government claims everyone has the right too! We all know that Gun wills always been gotten anytime a person wants even if its obtained illegally, i hate to tell ya this but Illegal guns are on the streets just like the drugs that have been illegal for many years! The only way to protect the kids is to get the funding out of other countries for once and put it back in the places it belongs. The Bushs family War Vendette is over, lets start taking care of our own!28 votes#1.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:41 AM ESTplain bobwait and see... in the competative world of crazy...their will be another school shooting...these nut's like the media hype...seem's like every time this happens some dummy...does his worst to top the other guy...kind'a wish they would down play the story...18 votes#1.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:49 AM ESTchuck-2111043 Comment collapsed by the communityI am just sick about this. I am a 57 year old man with 8 children between me and my wife. We have Grand children of this age. I got a pop up on my face book yesterday right after this that said more guns less crime. I really couldn't believe my eyes. Someone I know liked the pic. I lost it right then and there. Now I own many guns as I am or should say used to be a hunter. But we need to have some restriction on guns. The second amendment does not say anything about military weapons being in the hands of everyday people. Think about this! When the amendment was written, Our country was a wilderness. We had no police, hell we didn't have a Army or national guard. So we needed our guns for protection. Maybe we still do. There are still people out there that would do us harm in our homes and land. I don't have a problem with the 9mm with a 9 shot clip. I do have a problem with the 30 round clips. There is no reason for the assault rifles. These people that think the government is so bad are the ones that have these. They are for killing men and nothing else. We can meet somewhere in the Middle. The NRA wants no control. Walstreet whats no control on them either and look where this letting people do what they want has gotten us. NRA is the lobby for the Gun makers and nothing else. Who are they looking out for? There profits and nothing else. Company's Profits are not the most important thing to America and Americans. Are we going to keep letting company's pollute our air and water just so they can make more profits. HELL NO. Are We going to keep letting the NRA Dictate to us what can and can not be sold in America? HELL NO. We can not trust people to do the right things. That is why we need to push our Government to Regulate things. Now having said that. We need something in the middle. So many times we go to fare with new laws, then we have to come back to the middle. Less go to the middle to start with. Less not walk all over others to get what we want. Some Gun control is ok. Maybe something like putting limits on how many rounds a gun hold.     39 votes#1.14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:51 AM ESTsquirrel-2382962 we have serveral guns more then 5 and the are of different calibers gages whatever his father gave him his when he died and my husband had some of his own the 410 I use for my protection if needed no aim needed just shoot. the 22 is for shooting small type hunting squirrels snakes etc. 306  my husband uses to hunt deer.  the pistols are to carry around when you can't carry a rifle or shotgun  maybe if some idiot thought a person had a gun on them they wouldn't be so out to rob or try to kill them. Maybe the guns belonged to her grandfather and father who gave them to her to give to her sons who knows and who is going to abide the gun ban, law biding citizens the others will get the guns any way they can they already do. banning guns isn't the answer You can not take that right away from everyone I don't know what will stop this kind of killings maybe banning these games that allow kids to think it s okay to walk into a place and kill people maybe locks that go on all kinds of guns and gun cabinets that are affordable to buy. Banning the rights to own a gun won't do it people wake up this world is "all about me" parents pass it to their kids and when its no longer about them then there is problems  you don't have to respect your parents or anyone else People wanted God out of everything and now kids don't think theres anyone to answer to for what the do.  This world is in a bad place where there is no turning back til it is over........12 votes#1.15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:13 AM ESTKris1234-3592742We definitely need limits.  There are a lot of people in America with mental issues, who don't get help or are on meds that are mind-altering.  There's simply no way of knowing who is going to reach their limit of tolerance, or how they may react.I see absolutely no reason for the average citizen to have an assault weapon or anything more than the six bullets a regular handgun holds in its chamer.  There should be trigger locks on ALL guns when children are present or may be present (eg., grandchildren, nephews, nieces, etc.)  Kids have little concept of death and that it is the ending of life.  There have been several stories of kids killing themselves and others, also.  Way too many.Short of having armed security forces at each and every school, roaming the grounds and metal detectors in ALL schools, I don't know of any other answer to this kind of violence, except to homeschool, which brings about all kinds of other issues.The TODAY show also mentioned this morning about "bars being set" in these types of mass killings.  Once these start to occur, you're going to have other sickos thinking, "Oh, well I can top that one."  It doesn't matter whether that type of person dies committing this type of murder, as they already aren't thinking correctly.  All they are thinking about are their own selfish reasons for "martyrdom".It's rather telling that we know the name of the murderer here, but nothing about the victims.  No names, nothing.  I know this will come out eventually, but already, the murderer is "famous" (infamous).13 votes#1.16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:21 AM ESTRonzwyfLet's get some real perspective, People! Guns don't shoot themselves, and, tougher gun laws will only remove guns from law abiding citizens, leaving honest citizen's at the mercy of people like this... Be realistic, Cops and the Military can't be everywhere to protect everyone, which is why we have the Constitutional Amendment to "Bear Arms". (and before you ask, the definition "Bear" is more than just a furry animal!) Don't be so willing to throw away a Constitutional Right that has kept this country safe from foreign assault for centuries.. Everyone knows one country may be able to overpower another countries military; but, it is impossible to capture a nation that is citizen armed.If someone wants to go on a shooting spree, they can find guns on line, in street black market sales, at gun shops and just about anyplace they want. There is no way to remove ALL THE GUNS.... What we need is tougher accountability laws... Make the punishment sooo bad, people won't want to use the guns on others..... And make these crimes ineligible for appeal if convicted. Maybe America should take a look at tougher countries courts... If convicted for a heinous crime like this, the guilty are executed within a timely manner... They don't sit in a jail cell for years, being fed, clothed, watching videos and using the computer, like a jailed hotel.. You can't have it both ways People.... You can't ask for legal accountability for the crime; and then worry more about the criminals civil rights, than the victims rights for justice....As for this guy, well, tougher gun laws wouldn't have made a difference. He already massacred his parents and planned to kill himself as well.. Like it or not, he is already receiving his eternal judgement; which is far worse than anything the courts could do on earth... The only consolation to all this... If you believe in God and read your bible.. one of the biggest abominations in God's eyes is the slaughter of the innocents.. There is nothing more innocent than small children, before they reach the age of accountability... Judgement has been rendered and this guy is warming his backside the hard way....27 votes#1.17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:39 AM ESTYoungconYou all seem to forget, or just not realize that millions of Americans own guns. There are vastly more responsible gun owners than people like the man who caused this tragedy.You may not live in rural areas, but the do still exist.  Many people still use guns as a means of providing food for their family. You may find this backwards, but I promise you I'll never go hungry nor will my family.Many young women, like myself, carry concealed. Why? What am I so afraid of you ask? Not much, but I do recognize the potential to be a victim of violent crime. What can I do to protect myself from a man who wants to hurt me? I am not big, that fast, or very strong. But I can defend myself with my firearm.Guns are useful tools. Those of us who have grown up around them know that you can teach gun safety and respect to young kids. To anyone. The sport is fun, I enjoy shooting different guns. That's why I have more than one.Please don't advocate taking away my means of putting food on the table or protecting myself and my family. Please don't advocate the complete destruction of my privacy with surveillance. Don't take away my rights because you are scared of something you don't understand.Also, 2nd Amendment is to protect you from your government, not for the government to protect you.35 votes#1.18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:43 AM ESTnuts8 Putting a ban on guns will do nothing to stop nut jobs from getting guns. If they want them they will get them one way or another. Drugs are banned but people still do not have any trouble getting those.47 votes#1.19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:47 AM ESTJB from metro NYGCK...this is not about you! That's the trouble with NRA types, always selfish, always twisting things. 20 kids are dead. Knock off the spiel about your freaking guns.28 votes#1.20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:49 AM ESTJB from metro NYBut nuts8, you just argued against yourself. Of course drugs are banned, yet of course criminals still get them. You still try and fight them. Your argument is so dumb, and repeated over and over mindlessly. Brainwashed.13 votes#1.21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:51 AM ESTKathy in WII am sickened by the pictures or interviews with the victims especially the children.  Shame on the journalists and the broadcast companies for using these images.   Having to answer questions or see these images can be traumatizing to the victims.  Has the need to "get the scoop" numbed any sense of sensitiving or compassion.  Obviously this gunman (as others in the past)struggled with mental illness. None of us understands how this media attention might encourage a disturbed mind.   When are we going to come to our senses and use the media to support this community with out sensationalism and provide information that could perhaps disuade these acts in thr future.   We have to hold ourselves accountable for doing what we can to change the attention/focus of these news stories not just gun laws.15 votes#1.22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:57 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710I have often wondered why people feel the need to have a whole bag full  of gulf clubs and sometimes multiple bags of gulf clubs I just don't  understand.We'll worry about that the next time some disturbed person gets hold of a bag of golf clubs and kills 20 five-year-olds with it.21 votes#1.23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:00 PM ESTgina-1764361Why did the news have to say  "This massacre beats the Columbine massacre"   Idiots!12 votes#1.24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:02 PM ESTConjuring CatI would say, EO that if texas up there can't tell the difference between a gun and a golf club, he shouldn't be trusted with either...19 votes#1.25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:07 PM ESTJerry-1927474Mr. President, I have heard it said that you are a smart man, if this is true then you know more gun laws will serve no purpose. We already have laws that prohibit the purchase of weapons by convicted felons and the mentally ill and military type weapons. The problem is not with guns, and you know that Mr. President. Either you have another reason for taking away Americans right to bear arms or you are not as smart as I took you to be. You also know that a criminal can get a weapon anytime they want. There is nothing that could have been done about what happen at this school. This young man was mentally disturbed and the only other possible people who knew this, was his mother and his brother and possibly his father. If there is fault to be put anywhere it might be on the mother as she could have had the weapons under lock and key, but that probally still would not have stopped this man as he would have forced her to get them for him. Also if his intent was to kill, then he would have found away. Mr. President if you were to look at this and see that the only way this could have been minimized would actually have been if all the personel in the office had been armed. I believe that had this been the case and these people had been trained in the use of their weapons, one of them would have taken this guy out. Thank You Mr. President for your heart felt sympathy for these children and their teachers and loved ones. I to as a grown man cannot stop crying about this. May God bless all the family's and give them strength to go on.13 votes#1.26 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:09 PM ESTOhio48I am so sick and tired of gun activists hiding behind the 2nd amendment....The 2nd amendment was included in the Constitution to permit people to bear arms against the British who wanted to suppress us when we declared our independance...The only people who should be permitted to have guns are law enforcement, the military and people who have to hunt for food (not sport).Yes, its not the guns, but insane people who do these things, but its even more insane to allow people to amass an arsenal. Think of all the violence that would be eliminated if the only people with guns were law enforcement and the military. We wouldn't hear of kids shooting themselves by accident, people going into theatres and schools and massacring dozens, or driveby shootings or people shooting their families.....Contrary to any argument, the world would be a safer place. Its much more difficult for someone to do damage with a knife or a club than it is to blow your head off with one shot.Sorry, but all those that think mental illness is behind all gun violence...guess again.Yes, it takes a mentally ill person to shoot up a school or theatre full of people...but how much gun violence occurs one on one....make your arguement to the inner city kids who cant play outside because the drug dealers on the street can open fire at any moment...or to the person who had a gun put to the back of their head as someone demands their wallet. Alot of criminals (and others) are far from crazy...theyre just acting out of desperation.23 votes#1.27 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:14 PM ESTJimSpenceOnce again, the focus on this tragedy is misguided.Of course, the parochial reaction is to blame the guns that took the lives of these children and teachers. It's the easy way out. Just throw the blame on the guns for being misused. If the guns weren't there none of this would have happened.Maybe, maybe not.Maybe not yesterday, maybe not today, but someday it would have happened. Creating more laws, rules, regulations and inconveniences has never worked. No law has ever prevented a crime. We have tens of thousands of laws, rules and regulations to make motor vehicles safer yet we still had more than 34,000 people killed last year by motor vehicles. We have thousands of laws, rules and regulations for alcohol and drug abuse and we still had over 40,000 and 26,000 deaths last year respectively from them.Last year there were 11,101 homicides by discharge of firearms. But there were also 4,852 homicides by unspecified means. Almost 1/3 of the homicides were by means other than firearms.As we have seen, the "wars" on drugs, crime, poverty and illiteracy have been abject failures. What makes us think we can control guns any better than we control drugs, alcohol, poverty or illiteracy? We can't. The only thing we can do is to educate ourselves and our children as well as possible to be familiar with the warning signs that usually precede these tragedies.This horrific event wasn't due to guns, or access to them, it was due to evil.Evil walked into Sandyhook elementary school yesterday and uncaringly murdered innocent children and teachers. This was a very sick individual. Something horrible happened to a 20 year old man in Newtown and he couldn't control himself any longer. If he didn't get the guns from his mothers home he would have gotten them some other way. Just like we think we control the effects of drugs and alcohol, we don't.Hundreds of similar scenarios like this happen every day. They're not as sensational as this, but they do happen. Drugs and alcohol kill dozens of people every day, often young children are involved. They kill by overdoses or being impaired behind the wheel of a car. They kill themselves and innocent people they never knew.Adam Lanza was obviously mentally ill. There are millions of Americans who have mental illnesses. The vast majority of these mentally ill people do not go on murderous rampages. Historically all these tragedies end up being by unstable individuals. From Virginia Tech to Columbine to Aurora and others these were crimes of questionable sanity.Why did Adam Lanza turn into this monster? We will probably never know. There will be analysis, theories and conjecture but chances are we'll never know. He came from what seems to be a reasonably educated family, the fact that they didn't notice any impending problems shows the difficulty with mental illness. Even some of the subtle signs would probably never alarm anyone. Perhaps he left a note or some sign of his rage that consumed him. Time will tell.For those demanding psychiatric evaluations to purchase or own a firearm, this is wishful thinking. Who evaluates you? What criteria are necessary to own a firearm? Who is responsible if someone is cleared to own a gun and 2 years later he/she snaps and murders innocent people? Is it the killers fault? Is it the psychiatrist/psychologist who evaluated them fault? Is it the gun dealers fault?There are 311 million people in America, along with over 6.7 billion other people on the planet. Every single person has a different personality. Yes, we can bunch most people as "normal" but many aren't. These atrocities will continue, the best we can do is make sure we educate ourselves and those around us to be aware of possible mental handicaps. Unfortunately this requires us to have a functional education system, we don't. Even then there is no one single solution to madness or evil at this level.The one law we are all familiar with should be a good starting point,,,,Thou shalt not kill.We all cry for these innocent victims, this should never have happened, but it did. We will heal, just as we did from Ted Bundy, Timothy McVeigh, The Zodiac Killer, Ted Kaczinski, Jared Loughner, the Westside Middle School massacre of 1998 and others. Hopefully we learn from this tragedy and minimize the possibility of future tragedies.Condolences to the families and friends of those lost and injured. As a nation our thoughts and prayers are with you.19 votes#1.28 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:20 PM ESTTiredoflosersGina-because the media always wants to one up anything and therefore draw attention to itself.  I would not be surprised if news anchormen/women aren't masturbating under the desk while reporting things like this.I loved that they made the media wait in the cold for over an hour this morning (Saturday) before starting the press conference3 votes#1.29 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:22 PM ESTWayne-2741238Nobody says we should blame the guns.  Nobody I know is saying we should take all guns away from everybody.What some ARE saying is we need to find a better way to keep guns out of the hands of people with mental problems.  You don't ban cars when someone kills others in a drunk driving wreck, but you DO take steps to keep the drunk drivers from getting behind the wheel.  We probably need to do more in that area also.Owning a firearm should come with some responsibility, and presently we do not have enough accountability in this area. 15 votes#1.30 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:22 PM ESTRobWIMy heart goes out to those that are touched by this tragedy.Good thing he did not have Molotov cocktails or pipe bombs.3 votes#1.31 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:22 PM ESTsaxonConn. has the most restrictive gun laws in the nation;what was his motive, simple he was crazy as a bed bug, no motive necessary;take his body to the town square, hang it up, pour gasoline all over it, and watch it burn, then take the ashes and put them in a garbage dump.7 votes#1.32 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:29 PM ESTConjuring CatWayne, that is far too intelligent a reply for the gun fetishists to fathom.  To the, any attempt to control the internal arms trade is an attempt to take all guns away.  Wayne LaPierre has done his job well with those sheeple...11 votes#1.33 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:34 PM EST25WalkerIn her home, Adam's mother had stockpiled multiple guns. This makes one think that she was reacting to the violence outside of her neigborhood. Ms. Lanza responded to what she saw on tv and read in the newspapers. By being armed, she thought she was protecting herself. Sadly, Adam's mother conjured up violence that did not exist in her community...until her son grabbed her guns and killed these young children. This crime is unbelievable and truly horrific. It really makes you wonder what goes on in people's minds. 4 votes#1.34 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:35 PM ESTConjuring CatRob, 'dja ever stop to think he didn't have molotov cocktails or pipe bombs because they're harder to get?...11 votes#1.35 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:35 PM ESTRich-281385Wayne,Like the analogies of most leftists yours fails as well.  A drunk driver is arrested and incarcerated, then adjudicated.  His punishment follows the illegal act.  What you want is for restrictions (we already have tens of thousands of laws and regulations) to stop a possible future bad act.  So what is the law or restriction which stops the drunk driver in the first place?  I doubt you will get the point but I hope I'm wrong.To all,Stop with this silly argument about the guns.  Why she had them I don't know, and I'm not sure I care unless the reason was nefarious.  We don't know the killer has a long history of mental illness, at least not yet.  All we know is that his brother says so.  But a former classmate says the killer was happy and smart, maybe even a genius.  Maybe, I say with great facetiousness, being smart is the key!  Maybe we need more stupid people since smarts is correlative to violence!If you can't see how utterly stupid such comments are, then perhaps you are not in any way a risk for committing such violence yourself.His mother having the guns didn't cause the crime to occur.  He shot his own mother in the face.  Speculation alert...This shows great rage against her.  He then went to a school he attended and targeted a specific grade level.  Speculation alert...this hints at motive.  Maybe something terrible happened to him in 1st grade?  Maybe he was tired of hearing his mother speak about how wonderful all those little kids are and how they are so much smarter and work harder than her own pitiful son?  We just don't know.What we do know are lots of people are hurting and lots of innocent lives were snuffed out.  Please direct your wasted efforts over gun control to root causes, and if nothing else just send your best wishes to those still alive who will grieve for the rest of their lives.  In other words, quit trying to find blame where none exists while ignoring everything that does matter.9 votes#1.36 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:37 PM ESTGabriel-1934044People, protection of one's property and family is the reason to own guns. Calls to 911 all the time of intruders trying to break into your home. By the time police arrive the intruder has already gone and done their damage.  5 votes#1.37 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:38 PM ESTRich-281385Conjuring Cat,A pipe bomb isn't harder to get, it is harder to make.  A Molotov Cocktail, as you apparently have no idea what one is, is easy to make.  A bottle filled with gasoline with a rag stuffed into the opening lit on fire, then thrown at an object so it breaks.  Simple.  Flames spray out, following the flying gasoline, and ignite all in the way.Maybe where you live glass bottles and gasoline and rags are illegal, but not in Realityville.11 votes#1.38 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:42 PM ESTfishman-1985527how many more of these events we have to have to unite the majority of the public against gunsWrong again, How many of these events do we have to go through till this country takes a real look at Mental illness.  Along with that the need to medicate everything so when a person and not saying this one is not on their meds they can't cope. We also have a society where many think abortion is OK.  I'm on the fence on this as what happans when a small child hears about someones abortion and is told that it was a mistake then in their minds if something is or goes wrong then it is ok to take a life or life to be.  The number of abortions in this generation is appalling.10 votes#1.39 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:42 PM ESTMagnum SerpentineShouldn't this be Gunmen? When this thing started they showed another man in the woods firing into the School. People on the ground said a Second Gunman was firing from the woods..... I even saw on either CNN or MSNBC shots being fired from the woods... The Police brought a man out of the Woods.What happened to the second Gunman?3 votes#1.40 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:42 PM ESTfishman-1985527And those speaking out about guns and how much easier it is to kill with then.  Well how many died on 9/11...no guns, how many did McViegh kill on April 19, 1995...168 and no gun.  It is much easier to kill many with a bomb which for many is very easy to make or get.   .00001% goes nuts so everyone else must be restricted due to them, makes no sense.How many times have you folks even hugged your kids everyday and told them you love them?  Then do you punish them because someone in their class was bad and they were not?8 votes#1.41 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:46 PM ESTMtMike-571674You Reap what you Sow America!America is the most violent society in the history of mankind, bar none.America attacks other nations, robbing those nations resources, using force to attempt to form those nations to our likeness, killing innoncents, calling such "collateral damage".America survives on "making and creating" wars.  America locks up more of their own than any other "modern civilization", breeding violence.America's TV shows, video games, are all basically based on killing.The youth of today are desensitized to killing and life.You reap what you sow America.16 votes#1.42 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:48 PM ESTRich-281385Fishman,A dangerous example to talk about, but your larger point that our culture has been coarsened by our turn from a belief in life as being intrinsically valuable and towards life having only a utilitarian value is spot on.  If it's okay, say modern leftists, to decide for yourself who should pay your way and without their consent, or if you can decide for yourself alone whether the most innocent of future beings should be allowed to live, then why should we be shocked when people take these ideas to their absurd ends?3 votes#1.43 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:48 PM ESTRich-281385MtMike,I know what you mean.  I just bought my little girl "Dance Fever 4" for Christmas but I fear it may turn her into a maniacal killer.  Or possibly even a twit who makes inane comments on a story.We are not the most violent nation on earth, ever.  I doubt we even make the Top 100.  Which isn't to say there is no violence, or that whatever level exists is fine with me.  Just that hyperbole is of no use in discussing real issues.  I expect this kind of thoughtless drama from 5th grade girls.6 votes#1.44 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:55 PM ESTpete-776297This may sound cold & callous to some folks, but it has to be said.Sometimes bad things happen, it really sucks, but that is life. And there is nothing we can do to keep bad things from happening. We can point fingers and blame all we want, but things like this will happen.My heart goes out to the survivors and the families of those lost this week.But to be honest, I have to accept that sometimes there isn't an answer to the question of "Why?"So, cry, pray, be charitable, do whatever you have to do to mourn. I believe all we can do to attempt to prevent this kind of tragedy is to be more loving, compassionate and tolerant of our brothers & sisters. Perhaps the necessary action isn't more laws or restrictions, but just plain simple hugs.11 votes#1.45 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:58 PM ESTMarmaduke49Why does a woman need these many guns  the first or second person asked above.We will never know the true reason why since the person who can answer that best is now dead.With that being said you can question why any person needs so many guns ?Why do people have so many fishing poles, knives, Sword, rocks, butterflies  and any other collection you can think of.A person has every right to own a gun and have as many as they want.Gun control isnt a solution. Even if you were to change the ammendment ( which you wont ) to ban guns all together in the USA, criminals will still get guns some how, then you leave society defenseless.You cant prevent stuff like this from happening.  Even if you took away guns, people will still find a way to kill other people.  Someone could go on a killing spree with swords, knives, harpoon guns,  bow and arrows, crossbows   what ever..  You cant predict what people will do.6 votes#1.46 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:03 PM ESTRich-281385Gabriel is right.  The police didn't arrive on the scene of this shooting for TEN minutes.  A crazy guy with a sword could do immense damage in ten minutes.  What a shame that no one in the office had a concealed weapon--having weapons at a school is illegal, you know, unless apparently your goal is to wipe out little kids, in which case it's still illegal but it isn't preventative.  Maybe the end result would've been identical had someone or several someones at the school been armed, but we will never know because that path is the one this society has decided to not walk down.Could it have been worse though had someone at the school been armed?  I mean besides the killer.  I'm sure leftists will immediately, and perhaps correctly, note that a gunfight might kill even more people.  But just as my ponder is supposition and guesswork, so must theirs be the same.6 votes#1.47 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:04 PM ESTVisionStormGuns are not an issue because if this guy didn't have a gun, he could have use a rock to bash 28 people to death, unstopped in a relatively short amount of time, then bash his own head with the rock till he ended his life to escape prosecution./SarcEDIT: A guy with a sword could have done immense damage in ten minutes if people just stood there and let him have them. And he would have required a far higher level of skill, physical consitioning and musculature to do it effectively. With a gun, people could have run and he still could have shoot them in the back as they fled. Swords are not on the same level of magnitude as a gun--PERIOD.9 votes#1.48 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:09 PM ESTRich-281385Pete,It was right to say it too.1 vote#1.49 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:10 PM ESTfishman-1985527Just one part of the problem but a major oneA client of mine who teaches psychology at an advanced level has referred to the media as "Social Terrorists." Here is her reasoning in a nutshell. Beginning immediately after 9/11, "the media beat the violence of the day and the wars in Iraq and Afganistan, to a froth." you couldn't turn on the Radio and particularly the TV without having every nuance of the day's events dissected repeatedly. She is convinced that a generation of kids, now adults or approaching adulthood, have been numbed into thinking this way of life is the norm. Remember world of warcraft earlier? They haven't been bombed or shot at but the pictures of such no longer have any shock factor hence the term, "Social Terrorists."I don't know about other parts of the country but tonight, the news of the day was being reported, analyzed, editorialized, dissected, dramatic questions asked, dramatic questions asked as answers to the previous questions, all of the previous was constantly interrupted by some news 'flash' from the next somebody with something to say and then repeated. Some of what was reported earlier in the day has now been shown to be false. All manner of public figures have been interviewed with their take on how to prevent a future occurance. Some elected officials interviewed stated they had bills already prepared for introduction and it goes on and on.Would someone please explain to me when and where responsible reporting of news starts and ends. And where irresponsible 'reporting' begins? They are apparently at liberty to report as they please with no fear of consequences. To me, this makes them the American Taliban. Their behavior and thinking is almost identical to the Afgan Taliban. Why are they not accountable for their capriciousness? As an individual, what would happen if one were to falsely yell fire in a public place? Where is that accountability for the media?11 votes#1.50 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:11 PM ESTbrendan-4you people clearly don't understand why we have the 2nd amendment.. it wasn't because of the british and it wasn't so we can hunt... its so that if our constitutional republic ever devolved into a monarchy or totalitarian state, we would be armed and would be able to revolt and institute a new government.the founding fathers saw that the british and many other countries citizens were not allowed to bear arms which meant they could not revolt against their government.please don't misconstrue the use of the 2nd amendment. all of you liberals that like to see dictators being overthrown need to realize that it only happens when our government arms their citizens.13 votes#1.51 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:15 PM ESTRenee - Northern CAIt isn't even about the guns.  It is about the moral and physical decline of our society.  The joblessness, the hopelessness, and stresses of life.   Think back to times when life was much more simple.  All worked hard, kids could find summer jobs, and the future was something to look forward to.  It is not that way anymore.  Not only can't kids find summer jobs to fill the summer, but most of their parents don't have jobs either.   Things that we once  took for granite, like food on the table, a nice fire in the fireplace, and quiet evenings had home with the family.   This is no longer the scenario for many.People continuing to give birth with no ability, or thought, of how they will support and take care of them.  Most of the time the fathers of these babies are not actually involved in the mother's life.   It was a passing moment.  And the cycle repeats itself, over and over.Hope is coming.  But it will not be earthly.   Man has shown he can not govern himself.  12 votes#1.52 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:21 PM ESTrobin xoxoxoxoxo"gun control" is not about banning guns.  It's not about taking them away.  It's about making sure that people are responsible with them. Some moron wrote "Well I have 4 guns just in by bedroom. A .20 gauge shotgun, .308 thompson contender pistol, .243 remington rifle, and a .357 pistol. I am also a 21 year old white male. I don't plan on going on a killing spree.Let's leave the assumptions and speculation to the "sensational" media." Are those guns in a LOCKED case?  Are they under a cobination lock, or could someone get their hands on the key?  If your cousin comes over and brings a buddy, do you do a background check before they come into your home?  No, you don't.  But if someone takes those guns out of your hosue and uses them to commit a crime, YOU are just as responsible as the shooter.  THATS what this is about.  Everyone says "well, I'm not crazy, so I can have guns."  But how do you safeguard your guns so they don't fall into the wrong hands? Had the mother of the shooter in Newtown had her guns in a safe, and the son did not have the combination, then maybe we wouldnt be having this conversation right now.5 votes#1.53 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:26 PM ESTOhio48Brendan...Your confusing the ENGLISH bill of rights with the AMERICAN bill of rights. Our second ammendmant was instituted because most of our early colonies were still controlled by the British, who tried to supress us into submission when we declared our Independance.. The English bill of rights protected the Protestants against tyranical Kings (i.e King James II) who disarmed them because he feared they were outnumbering his army.  Although your premise is correct, it wasnt a revolt against OUR government...it was a revolt against THEIRS.7 votes#1.54 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:33 PM ESTMike in SAWhile NBC goes out of its way to note that the guns were legally  purchased (if purchased for herself and not somebody else), what they  fail to mention was that Adam Lanza illegally possessed the guns. The  guns were in fact stolen from his mother who he had murdered.For those of you crying for stricter gun laws, there is no evidence that it helps. In fact there is plenty of evidence to the contrary. Chicago -- a city that has probably the most restrictive gun laws in the US --  has a rampant epidemic of gun-related violence on its hands and leads the nation in gun violence. The same goes with other cities like Camden and Newark, New Jersey and Baltimore, Maryland. These cities and states have more restrictive gun laws, yet the end result shows that this hasn't helped at even one bit.17 votes#1.55 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:34 PM ESTAlexM-2364525In other news, 22 kids were wounded by an individual wielding a knife in China.China is now looking into outlawing all knives.Oh wait.....8 votes#1.56 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:39 PM ESTAndy RitchIf I owned the gun shop where this guy tried to buy a gun and he did not want to endure the "waiting period", would I be violating his rights by reporting suspicious behavior to the "crime stoppers program" in the community?? I think this called "nip it in the bud" procedure.4 votes#1.57 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:44 PM ESTRich-281385Hi Vision Storm,Not surprisingly you entirely missed the point.  Whatever the weapon used, so long as the cops are ten minutes away, massive damage can be inflicted.  Maybe we need more cops, or cops stationed at schools, or some other way to get cops there more quickly if needed, but so long as the response time is that long then all of our hand wringing over these dastardly guns is for our benefit, not for protecting future unknown victims.  What a shame.Hi Robin,It fascinates me that so many people, perhaps you are one, have favored for decades various laws and policies which have degraded our culture who then, when the nefarious fruits are harvested, suggest we need yet more laws which do not go after the causes but instead punish the innocent.  And we wonder why we can do nothing to stop these things.Hi Renee,Very good points, but something else must be at work here.  During the depression era this kind of criminality didn't accelerate (presuming it is accelerating now).  There was more violence but it was tied more to Prohibition and the criminal element that grew out of that.  Very often the vest of all intentions, as in my point to Robin, result in exactly what we didn't intend.I think Pete has it about right.  Bad things will happen, and will always happen.  It doesn't mean we should submit to it, but it does mean we can't in every case, or even many cases, do all that much to prevent it.  This killer, apparently, stole a rifle.  While it wasn't used in the crime that theft surely must imply that even if his mother didn't have the pistols he did use that he was still determined to do great violence.  So leftists, like Robin, think that if your gun is stolen that you should be held criminally responsible, but she claims to not want to confiscate all weapons (I think).  Yet her idea would, essentially, have the same effect.  Her disingenuity to me means she doesn't actually want to solve the problem, but instead wants to forward her own political position.  Shame.5 votes#1.58 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:44 PM ESThiapThe gold club comment above was clearly not meant to say people who own multiple golf clubs are going to go killing people. His point was people who do not own guns, have never been taught responsible gun use, and probably havn't even touched a gun saying "why would someone own five guns?!," would be like someone who has no idea about golf saying "why do you own more than one golf club?!" 6 votes#1.59 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:44 PM ESTGenenutIf any of you want to help here is a place to starthttp://www.crowdrise.com/SHSRelief/fundraiser/ryankraftAll funds go to the Sandy Hook PTSA so they will be used to directly benefits those affected by this tragedy.#1.60 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:44 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582"...gunman turned down for rifle"  oh that makes everybody feel better I'm sure....It's the stupid gun culture the NRA has given us that made the mother(or whoever) buy the small arsenal she had.   If she had been limited to one handgun, perhaps some of those kids would be alive today!! No doubt the shooter also got  several of the large ammunition clips for killing 100 people...  Just insane....  Are people really this stupid to allow this??Mothers, women, and concerned citizens are a much larger and influential voting block than the NRA.  Use your power for GOOD!!!!8 votes#1.61 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:47 PM ESTTrustVerifyHello folks, as you have heard a million times, guns don't kill people, idiots pulling the trigger kill people. If you eliminate our 2nd amendment constitutional right only criminals/government will have guns. I had a close loved one shot to death and the murderer was legally banned from having weapons and that didn't stop him from getting a gun. I would still rather face the dangers then lose my civil rights."Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch. Liberty is  a well-armed lamb contesting the vote.""They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety  deserve neither safety nor liberty."Benjamin Franklin12 votes#1.62 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:48 PM ESTHal-2824511Gun enthusiasts. I don't want to take your guns away, just please tell me, someone, what are you doing to make America safer from gun violence?3 votes#1.63 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:50 PM ESTBanjoGeneLogical, remember the shooter is Norway was a right-wing racist neoNazi, opposed to immigration, who shot up that kids camp because it was sponsored by a left-wing political party. Who knows how he got his weapons, considering who he kept company with?Besides, though it was a horrific event, it happened ONE TIME, once. Correct me if I am wrong, but I saw a list of mass shootings over the past 40 years - and almost all of them were in the USA. So Norway had one, Germany had the one crazy guy who shot up his old school. England, 1 or 2.  I in Quebec.I saw none listed for Italy, Spain, France, Sweden or Japan. But America? Dozens -- increasing in frequency too. We're gone from once a year to monthly to weekly now. Did we not just have a shootout at a shopping mall in Oregon last week?2 votes#1.64 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:50 PM ESTPhantomBeastSo IT IS OFFICIAL; Nancy Lanza purchased and registered All 4 of the 9MM SemiAuto Handguns and let Adam, her son, have TOTAL Access to those weapons and the Bullets Even Though Adam, had A HISTORY OF MENTAL ILLNESS. There is always a guilt syndrome for parents over a divorce and what it will do to their children BUT being coerced by constant badgering and guilt, in this case, to buy instruments of death IS NO SOLUTION to the problem of family breakup. The Next Piece in the Puzzle??? Did Adam Lanza play and interact with violent video games and/or movies. There is NO protection for children who want to play those type video games at home in their players, which doting parents gave them. A reoccuring situation is at hand in our society because the Three Essential Ingredients; Mental and/or Emotional Dysfunction, Very Violent video games and easy access to parents firearms is not corrected. Banning All guns in The United States IS NO Solution as MILLIONS of Military Grade weapons of choice are made ALL OVER THE WORLD and the Bad Guys WILL ALWAYS Get Guns. 2 votes#1.65 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:52 PM ESTSarcasticus1"The gunman in the Newtown massacre tried unsuccessfully to buy a rifle three days before..."So the existing "gun regulations" worked; they kept the shooter from purchasing a gun as the waiting period would have caused him to possibly get over his "anger" from the altercation, except...........9 votes#1.66 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:54 PM ESTCommon Sense-2004266MtMike:   True dat.  The USA is a military nation and we love our violence on TV and movies.#1.67 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:54 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582Why don't you braniacs look at the historical context of"2nd amendment constitutional right" It doesn't mean stockpiling weapons of mass destruction or whatever you've twisted the intention into.  It didn't insure that chaos permeates society, genius...Keep your handgun to protect your home.  Keep your hunting rifle for hunting.IT's all the other stuff on top of this to allow MASS Killings.Not rocket science, einstein!!!8 votes#1.68 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:54 PM ESThaggisbingo-2225582F**ck military nation.  I'd fight to keep america NOT a military nation...7 votes#1.69 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:55 PM ESTDav1bgHalThanks to the news media even a retard now knows that every school in our nation is defenseless.  That they can walk into a school and open fire without any expectation of return fire.  There were 600 children and teachers with not a single weapon to defend them with.  Our schools have a responsibility to protect our children, the parents should sue the school.  NO DEFENSE, NOT ONE GUN, NOT ONE SECURITY GUARD, TOTAL DISREGARD FOR OUR CHILDRENS SAFETY.  What if a rabid dog got into school and was killing children???  Call animal control?? It would take as long as it took the police to respond, WHEN IT WAS OVER!!!!!!   DO SOMETHING REAL ABOUT PROTECTING OUR CHILDREN, NOT JUST BLAH BLAH BLAH. 2 votes#1.70 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:59 PM ESTJason-1398178These types of events are in the hands of Hollywood. They glorify these types of actions. Ban the violence from Hollywood.God Bless the USA, and God Bless our Troops.4 votes#1.71 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:07 PM ESTJeanette-767450Phantombeast:  How do you know the Mom let her son have TOTAL access to her guns? Perhaps she had them locked up and after he killed her he took them.  She may have had them to protect herself from him and couldn't get to them in time to save herself.3 votes#1.72 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:07 PM ESTTheKhanKublaPeople focus on the guns in the home.  This guy proved that even someone who doesn't own a gun and who may not even be able to purchase a gun legally, can still get their hands on guns - if not his mother's guns, I'm certain he may know someone else who had some.  I'm still waiting to hear exactly what kind of mental disorders this shooter had, they don't seem to want to tell us this and try and put up a smoke screen to distract us.  I'm betting on this guy having one of those attention problems throughout school where they force the parents to make their kids take those drugs or their kids aren't allowed in school.  It shouldn't be surprising, it'd be about the 12th time a mass shooting like this has happened and it was done buy someone who used to be on those drugs.  You realize, once they are out of school, they are no longer on those behavioral and mind altering drugs, right?  Through all of these shootings, people focus on the guns and no one seems to connect that these drugs may be the cause.  These types of shootings pretty much began several years after these drugs became mandatory for kids with attention problems, just long enough for the kids taking them to reach their late teens or so.  There were no shootings like this when I was a kid going to school and the gun laws were less restrictive back then too.  But, you know what?  There is so much money (money Money MONEY!!!!) being made off of these drugs and so much money (money Money MONEY) being made off the sale of guns - do you really expect anything to change?!  I own gun and there were guns in my home while I was growing up.  From the time I was around 13/14, I had a .22 rifle of my own in my own bedroom along with ammo.  But I never killed anyone with it or even thought of pointing it at anyone even when I knew it was empty.  I wasn't raised to think of guns as toys.  Another thing I didn't have growing up - violent video games or violent R-rated movies and a DVD player or even a VHS player for me to watch those movies on while no one was around.  Even on regular TV the violence and language are getting out of hand.  If you believe all of this has no effect on children growing up today, well then, stay under your rock.  So imagine all of these kids forced to take some behavioral altering drug from age 6 - 18 or so and watching all these violent shows and playing all these violent games.  Then suddenly "OUT OF SCHOOL" and no more behavioral drugs!  What is a bored kid who relied on drugs to correct his behavior so has no skills of his own to control it himself supposed to do?!These drugs CONTROL their behavior while they are gong to school.  They finish school and they are NO LONGER required to take these drugs.  They have NEVER LEARNED the SKILLS necessary to CONTROL their BEHAVIOR. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to realize this is a recipe for disaster!3 votes#1.73 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:09 PM ESTSteve H-1975189Just wondering...Did he try and do this on Thursday and get turned away? If he was just on school grounds and had words with school officials and came back to "settle the score" on Friday how did he know to buy guns on Tuesday?All of the appropriate gun control laws were followed. Dick's turned him away because he didn't want to follow the rules. Which is why we have the background check and the waiting period. His mother had legally purchased and registered the guns she had. He may have killed her to get ahold of her weapons. Yet she followed the laws. So the laws that are in place to prevent this sort of thing worked. The person that was hell-bent on destruction found away around them. What do you do now?6 votes#1.74 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:10 PM ESTJason-1398178Jeanette, She might not have owned them all. I doubt she owed the .223. They are still investigating. At first they believed he only had two pistols, and now they know he had four.#1.75 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:10 PM ESTLeria@haggisbingo. Well said. Why does the mother needs to have 3 weapons in the house. There is no need for this!!!2 votes#1.76 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:11 PM ESTn.n.paddywhack@Brendan:  The thought behind the 2nd amendment is accurate, but at the time, a cannon was about the most serious artillery known to mankind.  In order to keep with the times, i.e., the modern era, we need drones and nuclear bombs to have parity with the government.  Do you think it is appropriate for the average US citizen to own these weapons?  My answer to the question is "No", no one should be able to own these types of weapons, especially without training in their use and capabilities.  That's why we have a standing Military, so they can use them for us.  Which brings up the second part of my question: what makes you think we as a nation could EVER "... revolt and institute a new government.", should a totalitarian or etc government emerge? The US military would belong to them, and resistance, as is said, would be futile. My point is this; the 2nd amendment is no longer viable as it stands now.  It needs an overhaul.  Handguns, automatics, and stock-piling need to be eliminated.  And I doubt that any overhaul is going to include letting the gun nuts own drones, either.1 vote#1.77 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:16 PM ESTlying democratsThe guy was clearly a nutjob liberal.  Liberals shouldn't be allowed to have any guns.4 votes#1.78 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:22 PM ESTRaygirlI agree. the 2nd amendment is outdated. We have advanced technologically to the point that weapons nowadays are more effective at killing.  They need to redo that amendment and advance it for today's standards. The right to bear arms has been taken out of context today and has been used to the point it has been abused by the US citizens. I know we are a free country, but some things should be regulated for the sake of the safety of individuals.2 votes#1.79 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:23 PM ESTLeria@lying democrats. Liberals don't need guns: "The pen is mightier than the sword".2 votes#1.80 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:28 PM ESTn.n.paddywhack "The pen is mightier than the sword".Very well said, Leria!Keep on writing!!#1.81 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:30 PM ESTsilverton-2953905This is not the first time a deranged person has shot a classroom full of kindergartners. In 1996 at Dunblane Primary School in Scotland, a man burst into a room full of 5 and 6 year-olds and killed sixteen small children and their teacher.Following this massacre, handguns were banned in the United Kingdom, and now the UK has one of the lowest rates of gun homicides in the world.Now is the time, America, for us to stand up and say NO to the gun advocates and start enforcing stricter gun laws.Take a look at this link of the children and their teacher killed in Scotland, and think of the children and teachers killed yesterday.http://fareehaali.com/2011/09/18/september11/DON'T LET THE NRA BULLY US ANYMORE!3 votes#1.82 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:38 PM ESTchuck-2111043I want to note that most post in here today are pretty level headed. No one has gotten to crazy and gone after someone that has a different way of thinking. You know we can make some changes that will not hurt anyone but the gun makers. I say any assault rifles and the mac 10 and the like should be banned outright. Then we must go after the Clips that hold more then the gun was made to hold witch is 9 I think. Make the gun makers these guns so they can't be so easily made to be automatic. And make it harder to buy. We have to learn to drive before we get a license. Why not do the same before you can buy a gun. Right now all you have to do is be a friend of the Local police Captain and you can get a CCW. But a big thanks for everyone talking and not getting so crazy today. 2 votes#1.83 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:42 PM ESTjd-746873Restricting guns, banning guns, whatever is treating the symptom and not the disease. That's how we do in America though. We are a culture of violence accepted through our indifference and we are all to blame. Blaming the gun is too easy. We're better than that aren't we?2 votes#1.84 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:42 PM ESTarguesforsportThere are numerous errors conducted here. When I was in the army we kept  the ammo locked up and only one person have access to it  That will work....  "Excuse me Mr. Burglar, give me one second to get my ammo out of the safe, then you can continue to invade my home".4 votes#1.85 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:43 PM ESTOkicize Wicasa Yata PiEven a strict gun law there did nothing. Gun control will not stop them. One thing is for certain though. Hell has a special place reserved for this murderer.2 votes#1.86 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:45 PM ESTSilverrobSTUPIDSTUPIDSTUPID!!!!! Why does each and every issue that comes down the pipes have to do ones political/religious/sexual/racial leaning or orientation?Children died! Educators died! Everything else is Unimportant.1 vote#1.87 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:49 PM ESTBryan-2475629here we go again... she had five guns because its her RIGHT to have as many guns as she wants do you judge people because they have 3 or 4 cars? Cars and guns don't kill peoplePeople kill people .. get it through your thick libtard skullsPeople who want to use guns will get them if they are legal or not so trying to ban guns will solve nothing except punish those responsible people who want to protect themselves or just shoot for recreationdon't you people realize he chose a gun because it was easiest .. if guns were not available he would have used explosives .. you cannot stop these crazy people from doing things like this .. if they want to do it .. they will find a wayblaming guns is immature 5 votes#1.88 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:51 PM ESTsilverton-2953905Guns don't kill people?People kill people?How about ... people with guns kill people!4 votes#1.89 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:54 PM ESTGetmadstaymadWhat do Adam Lanza( Conn. Shooter)  , Derek Klebold, Erik Harris( Columbine Shooters) and the shooter from Colorado Holmes have in common? 2 votes#1.90 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:57 PM ESTblondeness032WE either need to round up and get rid of the guns, legally purchased or not....or we need to purchased body armor for ourselves and children and stop engaging in risky activities such as going to the movies, going to a mall, attending church (or temple) and sending kids to school..... Which option makes more sense? (although I realize common sense is a very rare commodity these days) The "right to bear arms" came about at a times when guns were necessary for the survival of the majority of the population; now days they are used to pretty much just to reduce the size of the population. Some places where people live in the "wild", they may still depend on guns for hunting or getting rid of dangerous animals, but most people have them for "show", there is the third group who use them to intimidate or kill others.Ask yourselves is the "right" to have guns more important than the lives of innocents humans like these children?2 votes#1.91 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:01 PM ESTn.n.paddywhack@Bryan-2475629"blaming guns is immature"  Really? "...get it through your thick libtard skulls..."  Now THAT'S immature.2 votes#1.92 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:03 PM ESTJeff N.-1053549This is a tragic event that can't even be put into words.People wonder how something like this can happen? You need to look no farther than this thread. Half of the posts are from people calling the other half stupid, morons..etc.....Welcome to the new "its all about me" world and if you disagree with people they will insult you.......or worse.And all the laws and gun controls in the world won't help.6 votes#1.93 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:08 PM ESTbjack-7017258People have the right to own as many weapons as they want. She may have had a need for the weapons or they may have been left to her and had sentimental value. You never know. Just as you will never know what sent him off on this rampage. But one thing is certain he did not have access to the guns or he would not have been trying to buy one prior to using her guns. People he KILLED HER. That is when he gained access to the guns. Gun bans will not help this. Crazy people will find a means to aquire guns, just as they aquire and sell illegal drugs to our kids. That is killing more kids everyday than guns have ever killed! If the school would have had a right to have a firearm they could have protected the kids from this crazy person. You people that blame the gun are in need of some serious help. If we cannot have guns we are left wide open to all the crazies and killers of the US. GUNS DO NOT KILL, PEOPLE DO and these people will find a way. My family have had guns all my life and My family now own guns. We were taught as children that guns would kill and how to handle them, and we now teach our children and grandchildren. All of which respect the gun. It is the killers that do not respect the gun and that will kill you if you do not have the means to protect yourself. And this is what the 2nd amendment is about, the right to bear arms, and gun owners do not hide behind it, they are proud that they have that right. I own guns and would never use them unless I had to protect my family, or to hunt. Just as you don't know what set him off, you never know when the situation might rise for you to need a gun. I believe the ban on guns at this school has these kids on them.2 votes#1.94 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:14 PM ESTsilverton-2953905Banning handguns in the United Kingdom worked to lower their homicide rate after the Dunblane massacre, so why won't it work in America?The answer is ... it would.3 votes#1.95 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:18 PM ESTJeff N.-1053549You don't even have to disagree with someone. I just read a few posts down that this woman COULD TELL he was a sleezball, scumbag, psycho because of how he looked in his picture.And again, people wonder how things like this happen.....4 votes#1.96 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:25 PM ESTtheboysI am confused why a single educated woman with a mentally challenged mature son would have 5 firearms in her home.  I can see having 1 gun for protection if she felt that was needed, but multiple guns is a red flag to me.Those advocating fewer guns out there should hand in their weapons to law enforcement today to reduce the count.  So don't be that stat of gun owners if you think owning a gun is the problem. Hollywood is quick to want stricter gun laws, but most movies made today are often violent if not gruesome.Some years ago, a deranged doctor lived across the street from us.  He tried to drown his wife one Xmas night and then tried to shoot my neighbor.  When the police came and took him away, we found guns everywhere in the house.  Too many to count.  The police would not allow us to get rid of the guns, and so when he was eventually released from a mental hospital, he came back to all those guns.  We moved.Maybe the problem today is that many of our laws make no sense at all.  The man was crazy, but he got to keep his guns and his job at the VA.There was a lack of common sense in this tragedy as well.2 votes#1.97 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:27 PM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffI don't understand the compulsion of liberals to disarm everyone and leave them vulnerable to attacks by others like themselves that don't value life, liberty, and freedom and that grossly disrespect others.1 vote#1.98 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:29 PM ESTLeChosenOneSo if I'm not mistaken, she had 5 guns which were in reach of her mentally ill son? She couldn't even think to invest for a safe or something? I'm pretty sure he gave other signs of violence before it building up to this...1 vote#1.99 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:36 PM ESTDebi-1314897TrustVerify:"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety  deserve neither safety nor liberty."Benjamin FranklinNo truer words were spoken.3 votes#1.100 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:58 PM ESTStop Funding IllegalsThis is a tradegy to be sure, a sad day. That being said we as a country move on as we must. The liberals yelling for gun control simply don't have any common sense at all and no ability to rationalize or care about anything other than their agendas and not wasting an opportunity to push it. My wife and I are older and just this week had our house broken into while she was in the shower and I was sleeping. Our two #140 dogs let us konw someone had gotten into the house but all they would do other than bark would be to lick someone to death. These thieves knew my wife had just let the dogs back into the house and all of our lights were blazing but they came in anyway. This time luckily a dog bark scared them away, Guns at strategic locations throughout my house and video surviellance will secure my life and belongings should it come to more the next time it happens and it will happen again. Just how far were they prepared to go? Was it me yelling at my dogs barking that scared them away? What if my wife was alone? The police are for crime follow-up 99% of the time so don't rely on them when they have no way of knowing until after.  It is those people that are robbing, raping and murdering who are the problem not law abiding gun owners like myself who hunt, shoot, collect. It is my right to own as many guns and as much ammo as I could imagine. Stop inciminating people who have done nothing wrong with your biased attempts at supressing freedom, criminals don't care about gun laws. Guns are not the problem here it is people that are the problem.2 votes#1.101 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:59 PM ESTDebi-1314897At this point, we don't know his reasons for committing this heinous act, but from his photograph, he looks like a potential Manchurian Candidate/hybrid alien.3 votes#1.102 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:03 PM ESTJob FanIf you do not like Guns, or the second amendment then just do a google search and look for countries that do not allow them and then make the next search "how do I move to another country".I am a teacher and I hate that you can not carry your firearm into a school becuse of this very reason. It make syou helpless.....it is important to rememeber that a shooter has to reload and an armed teacher could have ended this all.After the shooting at VT I began brining mine because I will take my chance being tried by 12 rather than carried by 6.#1.103 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:12 PM ESTQuinta243DeletedJ R BrowensteinYet again, we see people with little to no logical thinking skills blaming an object for the actions of a person.Guns are not the problem....PEOPLE are the problem.  The large shooting episodes seem to be being committed by people with mental illnesses...and KNOWN to have mental illnesses.  The problem is not guns but how we deal with people with mental illness.In a country where we have hundreds of millions of people, we are bound to have to poor specimens. Advocating taking away the constitutional rights of the citizenry to arm themselves because a handful of mentally disturbed people commit acts of insanity is simply the wrong answer.The mentally ill used to be sequestered from society and in treatment and somewhere along the line the idea of "mainstreaming" them became the preferred method for dealing with them.  Mainstreaming the mentally ill is going to have it's bad days.The reason we have a right to arm ourselves is to keep the government from becoming intolerable.  We know from history that the most important thing tyrants do is disarm the people they aim to oppress.4 votes#1.105 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:47 PM ESTSHar-2704637You gun lovers there just make me sick.  Here we have 20 children - really babies dead and all you are worried about is losing your dam guns.  I dont think anyone is saying guns should be banned - I believe people are saying that their should be stricter laws regarding owning guns and they should be enforced.  This is a complex situation and means several things need to be looked at and fixed as best they can.  It isnt just the guns - it has to do with mental illness, laws that arent being inforced, why people who may detect their son isnt quite right reaching out for help and not sitting there in denial cause it would embarrass their family if they went public with it and got their kid help.  I believe it is the same there as it is here - if you suspect that someone might harm others or himself there is a 72 hours hold that they (medical centres) can enforce and they wont be cured in 72 hours but in this case he may not have been in the mind set to kill following being held and treatment started.  We here in Canada have very strict gun laws.  I heard a person on TV last night that had the statistics and we have 150 shootings a year here.  Doesnt that say something.  Why do you not need a license to purchase a gun - you need one to drive a car.  You arent going to find the mentally ill if you cannot not do a background check on the person.  We fingerprint the people and they take intensive training on gun use.  We dont ban them cause we dont need to.  In my 65 years on this earth I have never known one person that owned hand guns or the kind of weapons used in combat.  We have hunting rifles and they are locked in a cabinet and then put in a closet and that is locked too.  We dont have tons of ammunition readily available to us.  We arent so paranoid that we dont feel safe without a gun in the house.  That is what I cant wrap my head around.  Why are people so paranoid that they dont feel safe in their own homes or on the street.  Where does that mentality come from.  I saw ads not so long ago that if you bought a diamond ring you got a free gun and in Walmart apparently it is the same.  This is ludicrous.  I just think people need to wake up and at least push for SOMETHING - ANYTHING to be done.  Dont wait until the governments try and brush things under the rug again.  What is next - someone going into a Daycare and killing those babies.  It has to stop NOW.1 vote#1.106 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:48 PM ESTStop Funding IllegalsAs tragic as this is and it is tragic, for those who propose to ban or further limit gun ownership or make it so expensive or difficult to own, I propose we charge you a thousand dollars for your gallon of beer and for your drivers license renewal. Your ideas are irrational and further don't work, a person has the right to self defense and hunting and flat out sporting ownership. We saw prohibition didn't work and laws like this never do, your answers lie elsewhere start putting your efforts into rational thought and stop giving away your freedom and being opportunists over a tragedy.3 votes#1.107 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:53 PM ESTEldridgeafDeletedArnie MillsGuns don't kill people,people kill people. Yeah, very profound. Okay, I believe a large part of why people kill people is because of the violence on television and the violence of the video gaming world. I believe that is where some of the ideas are coming from. Are these "genius type" of individuals being challenged today with worthwhile projects or are they consumed with video games and television.I like the idea that a previous person submitted about requiring a person to have a training course plus getting a license, as in driving, prior to being able to legally obtain a firearm.Also I do not beieve there is any reason for any individual to have any type of automatice weapon.     #1.109 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:12 PM ESTRobert1717Republicans must be proud of the people like this in their party.What morons quoting a law from the 1700's. Time to be proactive and jail all republicans. They are clearly diseased.3 votes#1.110 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:21 PM ESTStop Funding IllegalsRobert you should be put in an institution for mental disease as you are quite clueless to the realities of life.Arnie this wasn't an automatic weapon, do you not know these terms and what they mean? Or is it that you read into media hype and drink the koolaide... automatic weapons are illegal except for a select few and law enforcement, semi auto however is a different story. Comments such as yours add to the misleading of Americans and cause people like Robert to comment from a point of view that is uneducated. Sad you brainless people let the media inform you, you should of just stayed home from school and watched tv all day instead of doing your own homework. This is why we are where we are today, the regurgitation of media mass hype and scare tactics and a corrupt political system and quite possibly mental illness and depression that caused this tragedy.2 votes#1.111 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:29 PM ESTRobertHernandezI have no faith in the government setting up better gun policies. Not that i do believe we should. But the weapons manufacturing companies have way too much of a sway in washington to give in to us peasants of logic. And the body count means nothing, case in point almost every war since ww1, major companies have made major money off dead, look it up if you don't believe me. Hell Mercedez-benz made the ovens in freaking concentration camps! if you want reform then mean it and lets take it around the table, if you want classes and tests and background checks for gun owners lets hook up anyone and everyone in or thinking about going in to politics to certain nerological machines and lets give them pyche tests. Because if doesn't wake them all up to whats really goiong on in America then, we got some people in high places that shouldn't be there. But i am very leery of complete disarming of the citizens, because as a famous, subversive writer once said, "i would adhor living in a society where the only people allowed to carry a gun are the police and military" Exactly what are forefathers were wise enough to know. So i'm very torn. All i know is its not just us, the gun problem is global. It would almost take a race of aliens to come down and take all of our weapons and say 'look you build anymore, we'll come back and f*#k you all up.' for us as humans to understand.#1.112 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:31 PM ESTSamantha-1783461God has been taken out of the schools.  Morality has been taken out of the schools.  Right and wrong are now considered relevant.  Horrific video games and movies have removed the line between reality and fantasy.  A person who is godless, who has no morality, and who has little sense of reality.  A perfect storm for something like this to happen.3 votes#1.113 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:36 PM ESTMarmaduke49Robert1717Republicans must be proud of the people like this in their party.What morons quoting a law from the 1700's. Time to be proactive and jail all republicans. They are clearly diseased.Look young lady, those times, 1800's when our government was starting was done by a society who had a hell of a lot more wisdom then the people we have in offices today, that goes for the left and right.I agree with Samantha, society has taken a hard turn into decay , especially in these past 70 years. .  Shoot em up video games, degenerate talk from music , with all kinds of violence in the words.  Taking God out of the picture of Society.   And people think we are moving forward as a society ?  You all must be crazy, read the news, its not going any where.  American will one day fall.  It may no tbe in my time, or my kids time, but at the rate america is going, its a ticking time bomb that is going to implode from the inside one day.2 votes#1.114 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:04 PM ESTDebi-1314897Genuine morality does not require a belief in a deity nor does it use a deity as a motivation.  The reason for religious conflict is two sides trying to prove whose deity is more moral.#1.115 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:10 PM ESTBarry-NJThe left want to blame the guns and not the person with the Mental health issues.There may be some logic to that, but somehow I doubt that we'll see the Republicans in Congress rushing to increase funding for mental health.#1.116 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:13 PM ESTBarry-NJAmerica is the most violent society in the history of mankind, bar none.@MtMike ... really?  I suggest that you study your European history (you don't have to go back many decades) if you think that the US is the "most violent society in the history of mankind."  You don't do your arguments any favor when you make such outrageous and unsupportable statements.1 vote#1.117 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:16 PM ESTBarry-NJA person who is godless, who has no morality, and who has little sense of reality.A great deal of violence has been done in the name of religion.  I trust ethical atheists far more than I trust zealous Christians.#1.118 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:17 PM ESTIknowthisisfunandallbutreally...I really didn't want to open my browser today...........I should have left it closed.  This is so sad that we have to deal with this.  What makes it worse is the media creating and encouraging these MONSTERS with wall-to-wall coverage, posting the creep's photo, telling about HIS life and all the gun-huggers posturing themselves against the second ammendment in order to keep their boners and the liberals demanding a police state.......OVER the fallen victims and their families.  Its all pretty messed up with no sign of letting up and bickering back and forth and mass coverage doesn't help matters, it just perpetuates the evil and invites reoccurance.#1.119 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:23 PM ESTsilverton-2953905Time to stand up and be counted, America, and tell the NRA we will not be bullied anymore.#1.120 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:30 PM ESTHal-2824511Okay. I asked the following question: "Gun enthusiasts. I don't want to take your guns away, just please tell me, someone, what are you doing to make America safer from gun violence?"I got one response that seemed to suggest that the way to make America safer from gun violence is to get more guns out there. Give them to the teachers, everyone has a gun and fewer bullets will fly.Do the rest of the gun enthusiasts concur? Do we need to put guns in the hands of more people to make the occurrances of gun violence decrease? What is your viewpoint?#1.121 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:19 PM ESTStop Funding IllegalsHal I don't pretend to have answers but I do know which answers to shoot down (no pun intended). Guns will always be around and if you outlaw them then only outlaws will have them. Anyone intent on committing a crime like this will find a way and it will be just as devastating as this one way or another. Those who think creating laws against guns is the answer are living in dreamland it simply doesn't work that way. That being said when more people have guns those that are intent on using them in crime will think twice before bringing one out because they will know they have the possibility of losing their life in committing their act. Will it cause some wild shootouts, oh I am sure at some point it will but obviously the current cities with strict laws such as Chicago are not your poster children for laws against guns it isn't working. Taking them away from everyone??? Never gonna happen. Forcing people to carry, never gonna happen. Training those who want to, yes... keeping them from phsyco's yes, but how.1 vote#1.122 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 7:56 PM ESTRich-281385I am not bullied by the NRA.  I'm not a member of the NRA either, but I do own several guns.  I've never committed a crime.  I have taught each of my kids how to properly handle a weapon as well as how to shoot it.  It's a terrible shame that these people were killed.  But you will never take my guns simply because you think you know what makes for a safer society.We've been treated to falsehoods above about how in the UK the banning of guns just a few short years ago has done wonders.  Except it was already nearly impossible to get guns in the UK before the mass murder that was referred to.  We have seen how in Australia guns have, essentially, been outlawed, and have seen the sharp increase in gun criminality that has resulted.But we should look to our own history, constitution included, to decide what is best for us.  For instance, how is it that gun violence remained fairly constant, and low, through good times and bad during most of our nation's history.  At least until the mid-1960s.  It was then, despite no increase in gun ownership rates, that we saw gun violence spike.  Liberals, rather than deal with why there is this kind of crime, simply think that if we ban guns (or radically reduce their availability) that we will become a more docile and peaceful nation.I think the opposite will occur.  There are over 1 million concealed weapons permitees in Florida, yet they have a lower incidence of gun violence than Illinois, where the big city virtually bans weapons.  Maybe, and for leftists I know I am going WAY out on a limb here, the problem isn't the gun itself, but the mind of the person holding it?  Maybe we can never prevent all criminality, but if more people respected life for its intrinsic value (as opposed to the utilitarian value leftists use) is it not possible that fewer people would want to take someone elses life?What worries me most, and it's not just because of this horrible crime in Newtown, is that leftists who are ever eager to limit someone elses liberty are in this case saying that less freedom would result in less crime.  It sounds so plausible after all.  But will these same leftists be willing to face the hundreds of thousands of potential victims to crime that the presence of a gun in the hands of someone other than the criminal have saved?  Twenty kids, six adults...it's horrendous.  Yet if liberals had their way the victim count could well be in the tens of thousands.  But because THOSE people are at present hard to see, and the 20 kids are easy to see, it makes it easy for so many people to come up with stupid ideas thinking that they are doing good, if not great, work.Sorry, but the people above making all these wild claims are not noble.  They are ignoble.2 votes#1.123 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:24 PM ESTDebi-1314897I don't want to take your guns away, just please tell me, someone, what are you doing to make America safer from gun violence?"Unfortunately, mankind was created with violence "in our blood", or DNA.  Unless our DNA is altered, man will continue the violence until the end of mankind.Why our creator chose this heinous and detrimental formula, who knows.  What is even more concerning, for those believing in the bible, Genesis 1:26 states:Then God said Let us make mankind in our image, in our likeness,...".#1.124 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:34 PM ESTStop Funding IllegalsWell said Rich!#1.125 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:34 PM ESTOCinLAThe federal sky marshal program virtually ended plane hyjackings. We need school marshals on campus.#1.126 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:44 PM ESTMtMike-571674Rich-281385Turn on the tube, watch the news, tell me what you saw and how long it takes for a KILLING (whether real or pretend on a TV show/movie) not to happen or be reported.Check out the most popular "video games" the youth of America purchase and use.Why do the children of America need metal detectors and cops in schools?Might be good if you pulled your head out of your a--- and took a look at what is going on around you in America. America has a military budget that is more than the rest of the world combined, that alone says something.America reaps what they sow.  Join the military and fight for "freedom"!  Daaaa!1 vote#1.127 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 9:35 AM ESTRoadkillSo, the mom was a "prepper", that is to say a "survivalist", who felt the world was coming to an end.  She home-schooled the boy, for a while.  She hoarded food and water.  Hmmmm, a tin foil hat collection, also?#1.128 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 4:55 PM ESTMarmaduke49Debi-1314897I don't want to take your guns away, just please tell me, someone, what are you doing to make America safer from gun violence?"Unfortunately, mankind was created with violence "in our blood", or  DNA.  Unless our DNA is altered, man will continue the violence until  the end of mankind.Why our creator chose this heinous and detrimental formula, who  knows.  What is even more concerning, for those believing in the bible,  Genesis 1:26 states:Then God said Let us make mankind in our image, in our likeness,...".Seriously ? You did a great job at butchering and trying to use passages to have a different meaning than their intents.Here are a few paragraphs to read to explain your bad example :D"""Having the image or likeness of God means, in the simplest terms,  that we were made to resemble God. Adam did not resemble God in the  sense of Gods having flesh and blood. Scripture says that God is  spirit (John 4:24)  and therefore exists without a body. However, Adams body did mirror  the life of God insofar as it was created in perfect health and was not  subject to death. The image of God refers to the immaterial part of man. It sets man apart  from the animal world, fits him for the dominion God intended him to  have over the earth (Genesis 1:28), and enables him to commune with his Maker. It is a likeness mentally, morally, and socially. Mentally, man was created as a rational, volitional agent. In other  words, man can reason and man can choose. This is a reflection of Gods  intellect and freedom. Anytime someone invents a machine, writes a book,  paints a landscape, enjoys a symphony, calculates a sum, or names a  pet, he or she is proclaiming the fact that we are made in Gods image. Morally, man was created in righteousness and perfect innocence, a  reflection of Gods holiness. God saw all He had made (mankind included)  and called it very good (Genesis 1:31).  Our conscience or moral compass is a vestige of that original state.  Whenever someone writes a law, recoils from evil, praises good behavior,  or feels guilty, he is confirming the fact that we are made in Gods  own image. Socially, man was created for fellowship. This reflects God's triune  nature and His love. In Eden, mans primary relationship was with God (Genesis 3:8 implies fellowship with God), and God made the first woman because it is not good for the man to be alone (Genesis 2:18).  Every time someone marries, makes a friend, hugs a child, or attends  church, he is demonstrating the fact that we are made in the likeness of  God. Part of being made in Gods image is that Adam had the capacity to make  free choices. Although he was given a righteous nature, Adam made an  evil choice to rebel against his Creator. In so doing, Adam marred the  image of God within himself, and he passed that damaged likeness on to  all his descendants (Romans 5:12). Today, we still bear the image of God (James 3:9), but we also bear the scars of sin. Mentally, morally, socially, and physically, we show the effects of sin. """"" @ Rich-281385 Hey rich you make perfect sense about us looking at what has changes over the last 50 or so years.  People have always had guns and even though there were killings in our past, it wasnt to this extent.  I would look more to the incredible society cultural shift we are taking in america and start with that.  Video games that incite violence. I actually was playing one once, I forget which one it is. I thought ok this isnt too bad, im just a guy who is defending my country . Then in one scence Im at an air port with russian people , i have a huge automatic weapon firing on innocent people in the place.. I was amazed at the mindset it puts you in when you go on a killing spree like that .  Needless to say I have never played it again , or any other shooting game.  These reality TV shows that  praise trash talk, and trash lives, lyrics in music that incite horrific acts of violence and looking down on women treating them like sluts ..We are not moving forward as a society, we are not going up.  The biggest and main issue with this nation is the need for power, and greed of money. No one wants to humble themselves, no one wants to help each other out. Everyone is afraid to do anything with out severe repercussions from society.As America is becoming more diverse, it is also becoming more torn.  Im sorry but we can not live together as a society if we all dont have same views in life, or a common goal.   Me personally, as extreme as it may seem, I wish there would be some new piece of land found, and USA claimed it, and its rule would be like that of our past not present.  I would like to have lived in a nation like our founding fathers who believed in God, and it wasnt some taboo thing in society. Morals were based off of Gods word, and prayer was still in school ect ect . Of course you cant have that now because of the influx of so many immigrants from other countries with so many other beliefs.  Thats why I think birds of a feather flock together mentality. People who are like minded should be living together and not people who have such extreme different views.  Maybe the states should be able to break free and be able to lay down their own laws with out persecution from the federal government, and people can move to such states that suits them best.As for the gun control thing.. I think Archie Bunker said it best on how to prevent this from happening in an example here.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3o57hOxXHFc#1.129 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 8:11 AM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Mike Shelton-7476465Why would you, in an article about the victims, even mention the killer.  You do a disservice to the victims.  I am appalled at the media's coverage of events such as this.  The killer should not be known to the human race.4 votes#2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:33 AM ESTE=MC4I agree.I am also appalled that the media would use the descriptor "massacred". Does the media really think that with all that the families are going through, that they need to envision their children getting "massacred"? That seems a little harsh, true or not, so why not just say killed or murdered? Or aren't those words sensationalist enough? It would not lessen the severity of the loss to describe it differently. A little more respect for what the families are going through without causing any more grief would be the humane way to treat the victims. In my opinion anyways...7 votes#2.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:52 AM ESTJB from metro NYThe point is to figure out why....so it doesn't happen again. If you can't handle it then don't read it. Most of us want to get to the bottom of it and at least try and do something about it. Not nick pick about the media.2 votes#2.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:54 AM ESTConjuring CatYou know what they say, E=; if it bleeds, it leads, and the more blood the better.  There are plenty of legitimate conversations this incident could spark, but already, too much of the coverage is just to luxuriate in the carnage and the pathos...2 votes#2.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:10 PM ESTIke WarrenWhen the dead are named, I would like to see a photo of each. So we can remember each tiny child by name, remember that brave principal and school counselor, remember the teachers who sacrificed. The killer, I do not care. And, sadly, I do not care about his mother, either. She put guns in the hands of a mentally sick son who used them to kill children who were still too young to read. She is a cautionary tale.3 votes#2.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:41 PM ESTDav1bgThe Associated Press is a FOR PROFIT corporation, what ever words are needed to sell newspapers will be used, they have stock holder responsibilty.#2.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:04 PM ESTsilverton-2953905I am not appalled by the use of the word "massacre" to describe this tragedy.There are few other words to describe this horror adequately.2 votes#2.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:43 PM ESTGetmadstaymadWhat do Adam Lansa, Derek Klebold, Erik Harris, James Holmes, have in common????2 votes#2.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:45 PM ESTlittlechangesEvery part of this event belongs in the evolving story. There's a reason it's called NEWS. It is a disservice to the 26 murdered children and adults, as well as to the rest of us who want this toxic cancer out of American society, not to figure out what the heck is wrong with gun nuts who do this kind of thing, over and over and over. The debate is over the intersection of guns and mental illness, violent males and the dysfunctional families that breed these individuals who harm us all. The best way to honor the dead is to fix this national disgrace and heartbreak. To do that, one has to get collective heads out of the sand.Don't like it, go read your comic books and porn. Mature citizens are interested in global events. Contrary to what your mommy told you, the world doesn't revolve around you. News organizations are not your personal property.What are the chances this "avid gun collector" mom and her looney tunes son belonged to this federally subsidized national "sport" assault weapon organization headquartered in, of all places, Newtown, CT?  How sad that the parents of these dead little children paid taxes that went to this organization that advocates for assault weapons and guns in schools.https://www.vpc.org/press/9412use.htm#2.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:46 PM ESTAndy Ritchget madThey did/do not value life. Suicide proves it.2 votes#2.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:48 PM ESTGetmadstaymadSorry, its Adam Lanza not Lansa. Look closely and youl see the connection. #2.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:53 PM ESTRoadkillThe more I think about this, the angrier I get!  But, there's nowhere to direct that anger!  That f@#$er is dead!#2.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:04 PM ESTtowerlighterFor everyone trying to say you want more gun control while atthe same time saying you supporting the 2nd amendment, that isBS.  Calming you want to allow huntingrifles and handguns for personal protection while banning the assault weapons.  You do realize that he done the shooting withhandguns.  Most shooting are withhandguns.  He had an AR-15 but it was NOTfound in the school.  Few people candefine what an assault weapon is.  Ihave an AR-15, I bought it during the Clinton assault weapon ban, which didNOT ban weapons. What it did was I was not allowed to have the bayonet lug orthe flash suppressor on my riffle which is not an assault weapon.  It is a .223 cal semi-auto center fire riflethat is it. 1 vote#2.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:13 PM ESTGetmadstaymadWhy is the media using these photos that are 8 years ago? Ive seen his facebook photo in a militant pose with arm tattoos. Lots of people know he was a wanna be jewish militant. So where's this information and why is the media soft pedaling him as a troubled youth when he was a grown man and into some pretty bad crap. #2.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:34 PM ESTMyra777If you look at the killer's face, don't know about anyone else but I see meth written all over it.  My deepest sympathy goes out to all the families and friends of the victims and school children who had to witness this horrific event.#2.14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:13 PM ESTparabellumWhy is the media using these photos that are 8 years ago?Isn't that exactly what they did with that Trayvon Martin piece?  Are you looking for honest reporting?  Hell, they blatantly accused his brother as being the lunatic for the first 8 hours of the story.  But it's OK-- it wasn't FOX.  All is forgiven.1 vote#2.15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:38 PM ESTGetmadstaymadTake a look at Lanza's facebook page with current photo. Notice the Clinched fist (International sign of communism). Adam Lanza was a Militant of Jewish decent. Just like Klebold and Harris of Columbine and others.http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/3611_423506811050933_1150852840_n.jpg#2.16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:59 PM ESTCharlotteSparks3DeletedBarry-NJI am also appalled that the media would use the descriptor "massacred". Does the media really think that with all that the families are going through, that they need to envision their children getting "massacred"?It was a massacre, and it should be described as such.  Some people are offended by the pictures.  I'm not.  If we as a society are finally going to put a stop to atrocities like this, whether it is through gun control, better mental health treatment or whatever, we need to be exposed to the true horrors of the situation.  Soft-pedaling it with less harsh language does no one any favors.1 vote#2.18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:22 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Entitled 2 Free StuffActs such as this are beyond the comprehension us all.  But, of course, the geniuses that brought us massive deficit spending, crushing national debt, a failed, stagnant economy, a divided nation, viral immorality and disrespect for fellow Americans, will quickly draw the preconceived conclusions that more government tyranny is a cure.22 votes#3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:41 AM ESTSallyAnn-4595694@entitled 2 free stuff. You are a real work of manure, aren't you. No need for any politic's to be injected into this. What is needed is prayers for the people there, not your stupid remarks.16 votes#3.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:53 AM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffSallyAnnMy prayers were said and they continue.  Now my duty is to stop the march of leftist tyranny, as particularly practiced by the aggressor works of manure left during these times of emotional vulnerability and clouded thought brought about by liberalism-caused disasters like this one.8 votes#3.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:14 AM ESTRich-298746If we shrink the government to the size of your brain, this country is in deep sh**.7 votes#3.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:38 AM ESTjrae-1215199Boy the NRA is quick - they have already activated the "guns are good" trolls.12 votes#3.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:21 AM ESTtim-2799493But, of course, the geniuses that brought us massive deficit spending, crushing national debt, a failed, stagnant economy, a divided nation,...Not that it's relevant, but all of that happened during the Bush years.  We're just still trying to dig our way out of that colossal mess.Have a nice day.9 votes#3.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:22 AM ESTRonzwyfSounds like we are close to E.O.T. to me!2 votes#3.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:49 AM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffNot that it's relevant, but all of that happened during the Bush years.  We're just still trying to dig our way out of that colossal mess.Have a nice day.I'd say that since the mess is widening and deepening under the so-called leadership of Barack Obama and the cornucopia of various leftist freedom, liberty, and America hating leftists in his regime and his party, we're simply living out the promise of liberalism ongoing but subdued during the Bush years before Reid and Pelosi took over Congress and burned America down with their programs and policies clearly resulting (knowingly, intentionally) in growing poverty, widespread economic insecurity, galloping tyranny, and disruption of domestic tranquility.  I won't forget Barney Frank, Chris Dodd, Franklin Rains, Jamie Gorelick, ACORN, Bill Clinton, Tom Daschle, and the other lifer Democrat jackbutts and their corrupt GSE assisted subversion of the US economy for political gain.If we shrink the government to the size of your brain, this country is in deep sh**.Under the brains of Obama, Reid, and Pelosi, we are in deep sh** as they try to grow government to match the size of their egos and tyrannist ambitions.6 votes#3.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:53 AM ESTJB from metro NYWhat an idiot. Bringing up politics. Disgraceful.12 votes#3.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:56 AM ESTgina-1764361Entitled you are a disgrace, disrespectful of the massacred, shame on you10 votes#3.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:00 PM ESTtim-2799493I'd say that since the mess is widening and deepening under the so-called leadership of Barack Obama...actually, that's not true.  Spending has been flat since the levels that Bush set in 2008, the deficits that were in place at that time have been reduced, albeit certainly not enough, the economy is improving and unemployment has been steadily if gradually going down.So, your statement is completely false.12 votes#3.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:08 PM ESTConjuring CatSure didn't take long for the Koch Brothers' paid trolls to show, didn't it?  "It's all the lib'rulz' fault!!!1!one!"  Go get your Koch-ie, Entitled...6 votes#3.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:12 PM ESTflnobodyentitledclouded thought brought about by liberalism-caused disasters like this one.Are you sure it wasn't the smaller government groups? You know the kind, more tax breaks, less union slobs (police). Perhaps if they had a little more government and a little less of the tax break. They may have had the money to put a police resource offer at that school.6 votes#3.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:07 PM ESTflnobodyentitledI'd say that since the mess is widening and deepening under the so-called leadership of Barack Obama and the cornucopia of various leftist freedomYEP, if you don't include these: Feb. 14, 2008: Former student Steven Kazmierczak, 27, opened fire in a lecture hall at Northern Illinois University in DeKalb, fatally shooting five students and wounding 18 others before committing suicide. Dec. 5, 2007: Robert A. Hawkins, 19, opened fire with a rifle at a Von Maur store in an Omaha, Neb., mall, killing eight people before taking his own life. Five more people were wounded, two critically. April 16, 2007: Seung-Hui Cho, 23, fatally shot 32 people in a dorm and a classroom at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, then killed himself in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Oct. 2, 2006: Charles Carl Roberts IV, 32, shot to death five girls at West Nickel Mines Amish School in Pennsylvania, then killed himself. March 21, 2005: Student Jeffrey Weise, 16, killed nine people, including his grandfather and his grandfather's companion at home. Also included were five fellow students, a teacher and a security guard at Red Lake High School in Red Lake, Minn. He then killed himself. Seven students were wounded. March 12, 2005: Terry Ratzmann, 44, gunned down members of his congregation as they worshipped at the Brookfield Sheraton in Brookfield, Wisconsin, slaying seven and wounding four before killing himself. March 5, 2001: Charles "Andy" Williams, 15, killed two fellow students and wounded 13 others at Santana High School in Santee, Calif. Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,512480,00.html#ixzz2F96FfE4Y6 votes#3.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:17 PM ESTlib&proud-6808200But George Bush isn't in office anymore. How is he going to bring more tyranny?1 vote#3.14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:35 PM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffSpending has been flat since the levels that Bush set in 2008,Obama spending is atronomical but flat -- what a great achievement.  It is flat only because the people gave the House of Representatives to the Republicans after the Pelosi recklessness and corruption.  The 2008 spending was the Obama, Reid, Pelosi Congress spending.  They have their names on that spending, along with Kerry, Kennedy, Biden, Schumer, Waxman, and the other Destrocrats acting like they didn't revel in the Bush expansion of government.What an idiot. Bringing up politics. Disgraceful.I agree -- why did Obama, Bloomberg, and Nadler have to do that?  The left couldn't even wait for the decedents bodies to get cold before they tried to use the liberalism-caused disaster to advance their leftist agenda of tyranny.Are you sure it wasn't the smaller government groups? You know the kind, more tax breaks, less union slobs (police). Perhaps if they had a little more government and a little less of the tax break. They may have had the money to put a police resource offer at that school.I'm sure.  The monster probably thought he was simply aborting some children that were punishment to parents.Entitled you are a disgrace, disrespectful of the massacred, shame on youI am angry at the liberals that cause this crap and then run around pointing fingers and feigning sorrow and anguish when the disasters of opportunity make them salivate at the prospects of imposing tyranny of on the decent and moral people of America.2 votes#3.15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:59 PM ESTJeanette-767450Entitled: OK we get it.  Please stay on topic.  The photo of the killer shows what a psycho creep he was!1 vote#3.16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:11 PM ESTLeria@Entitled 2 free stuff. Instead of worrying about the size of government YOU should grow up and stop worrying about what you believe as beeing taking away from you, and join the human race as we try to help each other.5 votes#3.17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:25 PM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffThe lives of these innocent and precious children were taken by a mentality that devalues such innocent life and that feels the compulsion to demonstrate physical and mental superiority over others.  This gunman was an extreme case of direct personal violence as the expression of that menatility, but it is part of the spectrum of the psychosociopatholgy that drives leftists to impose their tyranny in the manner they choose, directly and personally, as in union thuggery, or through elected or paid surrogates as in support for tyrannical authoritarian government.Instead of worrying about the size of government YOU should grow up and stop worrying about what you believe as beeing taking away from you, and join the human race as we try to help each other.No, I won't ignore history, truth, or what I have witnessed of the nature of the ideology that dominates the Democratic party.  The Democrats want to use this liberalism-caused massacre to expand the conditions that caused it in the first place.3 votes#3.18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:40 PM ESTchuck-2111043Entitled2freestuff. This isn't the time. But I can see you only care about yourself. So if you want a fight I am you man. If you want to know why our debt is so high, Well less go back to Vietnam. That is when we started Wars and didn't pay for them. There isn't a war in my lifetime that wasn't for profit. Johnson paid for Nam by taking the money out of SS. The IOU's were never paid back. Johnson and his buddy's all made money off that war. We have not paid for a war sense then. Your little buddy W. didn't pay for the 2 wars he got us into. While Bush and Cheney both made millions from the war along with most rich people. These wars were put on the government credit card, and the bill has come due. Not the Rich that made so much from these wars, want to stick the working people with the bill for the wars. Its not enough that it was our kids that went to fight and get killed and worse. Now they want us to pay the bill also. I kinda think you need to be watched by law enforcement, because your talking none sense. Enough. You have wasted enough time. No one is buying what your trying to sell.  3 votes#3.19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:01 PM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffSo if you want a fight I am you man.Obviously not.1 vote#3.20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:24 PM ESTchuck-2111043Entitled. You talk about union thugs. What about the Koch brother thugs witch I think your a part of. What makes what people like them do to this country is any better? You are brainwashed think these rich A Holes will do something for you. All they will do is take and give you the bill, for the clean up when they have polluted the air and water and land. They will have made there money and will be long gone when the clean up is needed. They pay people to spread BS that the big bad government is out to get you. Its them that are the problem. But they don't want to clean up there messes they made while getting rich. They will spend $100 million trying to keep from spending a billion to clean up a site they polluted. The tax payers will end up paying for the clean up. No company should be allowed to do that. So you tell me who is the real problem here?1 vote#3.21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:35 PM ESTchuck-2111043Entitled, I just re read your post and I have concluded that your a right wing nut. Nothing you have said makes a bit of sense. You are just rambling on. You only see what you want to see. The only reason the house is held by Rep's is because the Rep's got to redraw the lines. But that wont be enough in 14, they and the tea party will be swept out of power. Its is a know fact that more Dem's voted then did Rep's. So the fact is the Rep's were voted out. It is so funny that you can't see that it was your guys that left this country in the mess they did. But you want to make it the President's fault. He wasn't there yet my friend. Little Bush and Cheney did this to the country and the Rep. Held house and senate, for 10 years. The 2 un paid for wars ran up this dept. And Yes the President did what he had to do to stop the free fall he was handed and it is working. If not for the President's handling of things we would be in the middle of a great Depression again. That is a fact. The Traders to America are the Republicans, they flat out sold this country out. Deal with that.    1 vote#3.22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:48 PM ESTamazedandalarmedI'm appalled at all the misinformation being reported.   Mother was teacher, was mother's classroom,now no connection of mom to school.  Was a pistol, the 2 pistols, then 3 guns then 5 guns, now apparently the assault rifle found in car and just two pistols inside but somehow also the assault rifle used on the poor children so it couldn't have been found in the car. ...and could anyone, ever, find a worse photo than the one they show of the killer?  Black and white?  Shadowed so he looks like a starving junkie?I don't know, journalism has really deteriorated ...some real facts would be nice.1 vote#3.23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:27 PM ESTPRoberEntitled,If no one has congratulated you today on what an ignorant jerk you are... let me be the first to assure you that YOU own that title well1 vote#3.24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:52 PM ESTEntitled 2 Free StuffPRobberI bet Adam Lanza thought each of those innocent little kids was an "ignorant jerk".  We know what he decided to do.  What's your next move?#3.25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:04 PM ESTPRobermy next move is to ignore a brain-washed faux news spews punk like you... go on pretending like you give 2 cents worth of care or compassion for those kids/teachers lost in this latest tragedy.  People like yourself are driven by paranoia that the big bad President Obama is going to infringe upon your "right" to have a home arsenal#3.26 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:22 PM ESTCharlotteSparks3DeletedAdvertise | AdChoices Mark-3140636People never cease to amaze me, we are a country that loves violence and gore just look at the media today. Yeah for the most part nothing happens except when those few snap and then there is hell to pay. For that time we will have our usual feast on this blood and violence, point fingers and be all shocked when it happens again. Although there is no way to totally prevent such horrors our love for violence and mayhem keeps the embers burning.16 votes#4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:44 AM ESTsteve-1922373Mark is spot on--society is riddled with violence in movies, video games, television.  Should be nosurprise that it becomes real all too often.  Let's ban automatic weapons too.9 votes#4.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:54 AM ESThankvreelandWhile you are banning guns how about making heroin and cocaine illegal also. Then all of our problems will go away.11 votes#4.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:14 AM ESTShesafatoneAutomatic weapons are only possessed by a few with very stringent licensing requirements. While I possess a CCW and own several Semi-Auto hand guns and a few home protection shotguns, I do think there is no reason for everyone to own what we now classify "Assualt Weapons" I live in  Detroit where the average police response is over an hour for anything not classified as "Shots fired"! A jacked car is a website reportable offense, so personal protection is really a personal responsibility.5 votes#4.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:16 AM ESTJeremy of MichiganMark is 100% correct.1 vote#4.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:22 AM ESTKevin from Oregonnice avatar .......but would your comment be the same when you come down dude? Just askin.#4.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:30 AM ESTmike277On the very first day of sales..Black Ops 2 (the video game) sold $500,000 (half a billion).  Release Date: November 13, 20123 votes#4.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:31 AM ESTKris1234-3592742There is no evidence, none, that violent video games lead to violent acts.  A gun is a violent weapon, but that doesn't mean that everyone who has one, will commit murder just for the thrill of it.Now, if all the people who bought Black Ops 2 start committing murderous acts off-screen, en masse, then you might have a valid argument. My condolences to all the families involved in this senseless act of the murder of innocents and the loss of innocence in the surviving children.3 votes#4.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:18 PM ESTDav1bgKrissThen why did they take The Three Stooges off the air:  children were going around poking each other in the eyes, I saw that myself when I was a kid.  We are affected by what we see.  Otherwise they would quit advertising on TV if it didn't work.  Look at stupid videos, people trying to do what they see on videos, flying around like spider man. I think we actually are affected, and desensitized by it.  We see so much death that it no longer is a big deal.  And the games and videos just keep getting more realistic. I also wonder if they won't find some drugs involved, along with such realistic games, it seems like a dangerous combination to me. 2 votes#4.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:22 PM ESTRaygirl@ Kris1234-3592742 Honestly, I disagree. I work with mental disorderly children in the schools as a paraprofessional. I've examined their behavior and have seen that violent video games DO effect their minds.  Most of the children who play video games out of their age range, like Call of Duty, often draw and imagine themselves as first person shooters. It may seem out of innocence at first when they pretend on the playground that they are such characters. However, as they get older, they begin to want to reenact these scenarios they see on Tv. As a society we have become emotionally underdeveloped thanks to technology.  People are more socially withdrawn as a result and this is what desensitizes people.  With watching violence added to the mix, I observed that when the children get angry they say things like "I want to kill somebody" and they know the name of the gun that they want to use, usually because they played a Gun game that has one. Some of the children who say this are normal, but one thing is for certain. Majority of them are young boys. Majority of males in the US play video games. I've observed that boys and male adolescents are more impulsive than females of any age as a whole. When you give them an inch they take it a mile, and it can be for positive or negative.When the Dark Knight's joker came out, he was idolized by male adolescents more than Batman was in its released.  People would even dress like him and I observed several fan clubs promoting his existence. One boy just kept saying why so serious, which made me quite uncomfortable. Overall, the people who sell these games and the people who buy these games need to rethink what they are doing and how this will effect the minds of children. After all media is also another form of teaching. And just like children learn in school and learn from their parents, they also learn from the media how to be in today's society.1 vote#4.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:45 PM ESTGetmadstaymadThe real Adam Lanza, a militant of jewish decent just like Klebold and Harris of Columbine. Ask yourself why they continue to show his photo of 8 years ago instead of this one posted in Facebook:http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/3611_423506811050933_1150852840_n.jpg#4.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:01 PM ESTCharlotteSparks3DeletedKris1234-3592742Raygirl - Sorry, I respect your opinion, but you're talking about mentally ill people and how videos, etc. affect them.  Most sane people who play these games know the difference between killing someone in a video game and physically grabbing a weapon to really hurt someone in real life.  Most of the people I know who play these videos have qualms about hurting anyone or anything, since they can tell the difference between fantasy and reality.  If you're mentally ill, you may not be able to tell the difference.It's much easier to blame violence on TV, video games, comic books, etc.   Blaming parents or people who have no respect for life and dealing with the fact that's they don't take proper precautions to guard against the misuse of guns, knives or any other real weaponry, is the real problem here.  Raising children to be responsible, respect the power of a gun, taking parental responsiblities seriously and talking to them about real situations and how to deal with them, goes far in preventing children/young people from resorting to acts of violence.Why did this man's mother have so many guns in her house, not under lock and key or with trigger locks, available when her son had mental issues?  That's a big problem. #4.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:14 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Bike cop in VirginiaSome questions have no real answers even though the media asks so called "experts "what they think about this. The one that may have the answers can't be asked any questions. Sadly this will happen again and there is not much you can do about someone hell bent on destruction.4 votes#5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:49 AM ESTparabellumNot much you can do?  How about the sober adults who recognize the ubiquity of evil in our modern society, accept the responsibility to confront it if encountered, and are fully prepared to act decisively to protect themselves and the innocent lives of others?  99.9999999% of victims are UNARMED, and of no good to themselves of anyone else in these situations.  Not me-- especially in Virginia.2 votes#5.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:21 PM ESTjenk264He may have had mental health issues and I am suspicious of the mother as well, considering all the weapons in the home. Paranoid Personality on her part, perhaps. People are looking a all the systemic issues as we should, but the bottom line is this, Pro or anti gun, there is no way he could have killed 28 people with a knife. Easily accessible guns in the home are the culprit..guns in the home are rarely used in self defense. But are used for suicide and/or homicide.5 votes#6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:51 AM ESTMark-3140636I hate to say this because I don't want to give any nut jobs ideas but I can do a hell of a lot of killing and damage with a gallon of gasoline.6 votes#6.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:26 AM ESTsquirrel-2382962not always and wouldn't you rather be able to kill some one breking into your home with a gun or do you want to get close enough to use a knife of better yet hide and hopr the law gets there before he/they finds you. don't say it won't happen had 3 or 4 home invasions in our surrounding areas just in the last few months one being with the intruder dyingby the owner who was not afraid to use his gun against  gun carry young punks who thought they were so bad with their guns Don't tell me guns are used for protection most of the time. doesn't matter if i haven' t used mine for that yet hope I never have to but sure feels good to know i have one just in case. I live in a rural area off the road a ways and trust me an alarm won't run some one off that is up to no good but I can tell you knowing the home owner may shoot your ass will make one think twice a bout breaking in4 votes#6.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:30 AM ESTEx Post FactoOnce again we have to be bludgeoned by people's comments regarding what guns should or should not be permissable.  The people making these comments have no concept of what really is happenning here but rather are only seeing their own internal fears and paranoia.  This situation has nothing to do with the issue of guns or weapons or magazine capacities.  It has everything to do with mental illnes and the ability of our society to react to and treat these unfortunate illnesses.  This individual was sick and saying that the availability of guns is what caused this situation is a misnomer.  What caused this terrible tradjedy was the individual's mental illnes, the weapon was only a sypmtom, it is his illnes that was the cause.  Had the guns not existed, his illnes would still have consumed him and resulted in numerous deaths.  The solution is to treat and prevent the illnes that causes such behaviour.  But of course, it is much easier to just say "ban the guns"  All of you who hold this position need to get over your fear and loathing of inamimate objects and mourn for these poor victims.  If you really want to help the families involved then help prevent this from happening again by supporting the implementation of proper mental heath treatments and facilities.7 votes#6.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:52 AM ESTConjuring CatAll fine and good, EPF, but are you willing to pay taxes to foot the bill for those mental-health facilities?  Oh, and while I'm at it, you don't know that Lanza's illness would have definitely led to the death of 20 kindergartners if he hadn't had access to his mother's arsenal; that too is nothing but a guess...1 vote#6.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:16 PM ESTRalphHI am guessing the woman had all those weapons in her home in an attempt to make herself feel safe. Unless you carry your gun around the house all day, you may distribute your guns, in order to have one available in case of a break-in.Many gun owners own them because they are essentially fearful, insecure people with little guts. They need a gun to make them feel safe. I know of one person who has a handgun in a hollowed out book next to his TV chair, waiting for someone to try to rob him.1 vote#6.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:16 PM ESTlittlechangesRalph, just as scary ... these are the ones who breed unchecked, pray the most, read the least and vote with the Heil Hitler party. #6.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:56 PM ESTchuck-2111043squirrel. Your point is taken. But protection is best done with a shoot gun or a hand gun. These people were waiting for the government to come for them. They had enough fire power to hold off a small army. No reasonable person whats to outlaw all guns. But a Reasonable person could argue for controls and bans on many of the weapons that are being sold in the US right now. No one really needs a AK47. and we dam sure don't need one that can shoot 100 rounds before you reload. We don't need a 9 mm that can shoot 30 rounds before your empty. I have no problem with the 9mm. I have a problem when it can shoot 30 rounds. Nine is enough and you can have a few extra clips that hold 9. That seems more then enough to protect yourself. #6.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:28 PM ESTparabellumNo one needs an AK 47, or a 9mm, or a [shoot]gun... until they need one.  You didn't need a spare tire on your car yesterday either.  What if the small army is exactly the threat that has to be confronted?  By the way, the 9mm is of negligible value as a personal defense round.  A rifle trumps all.  Handgun shootings have an 86% survival rate and are a compromised tool for effective threat elimination.  I'm glad libs hate guns (labor union storm troopers excepted).#6.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:51 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Mary Palmer-4985097Connecticut state police's Lt. Paul Vance and Lt. George Sinko - This is your big chance boys, Your 15 minutes of fame is here. A good on camera cry like commie Obama's would be good for the media to use, might get your name spread around a little more7 votes#7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:53 AM ESTSallyAnn-4595694@Mary Palmer, you also are a real piece of manure, bring politic's into this. Why don't you just STFU unless you have something decent to say?19 votes#7.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:55 AM ESTKevin from OregonHey Mary........Need a glass for your whine?Bet you still have your election posters on yer lawn too......Nascar is over for the year .  Romney LOST!NEXT12 votes#7.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:08 AM ESTLinda M-311663The funny thing is I never saw a tear come out of Obama's eyes until the very end. His eyes looked dry, too, not full of tears. Anyone can make one tear appear. Watch it again. What a farce.6 votes#7.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:40 AM ESTTeddi StearnsHey Mary...if you are so gung ho about owning guns...then where are your actions in keeping this type of tragedy from happening?  Stop name calling and step it up...with rights come responsibility.  And for those hollering about putting politics in this...Politics are part of this..the NRA lobbies heavily to keep status quo.  Even NRA members are for universal background checks...are they done?? Nooo. NRA lobbies to stop by spreading falsehoods about taking the guns.  phooey.4 votes#7.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:56 AM ESTtim-2799493Mary,I think your attitude is completely inappropriate.  Vance is doing a spectacular job, and so is the President.  They're doing exactly what they ought to be doing given the circumstances.You, on the other hand, are doing exactly what shouldn't be done right now, trying to make this into some kind of partisan political drama.  Stick a sock in it.7 votes#7.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:30 AM ESTConjuring CatTo Linda and Mary, obviously Obama is to blame for all this.  Heeee can do eeeeverythiiiing...#7.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:18 PM ESTlib&proud-6808200Attitudes like this is why the republicans lost BADLY in the last election. Your kind are on their way out, Mary. Not a moment too soon. You guys just don't know how to solve problems anymore. All you're good for is conspiracy theories and vile.Leave the governing to the adults (democrats).4 votes#7.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:38 PM ESTReader-2838471Mary, What is wrong with you?!4 votes#7.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:52 PM ESTJeanette-767450Linda: Reminiscent of Casey Anthony's crying.1 vote#7.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:14 PM ESTDav1bgOur schools are totally defenseless.  Lets say for example a big rabid dog got into the school and started killing children, what would they have done?  Oh yah call animal control, an hour later someone might have shown up.  Or some gang bangers decided to have some fun?  Or a hundred other times when some armed could have made all the difference.  This nut case had full reign of the school, he killed several adults first, going from room to room.  This takes time, if someone was armed in the school they would have had plenty of time to take him out before he got to the children.  Our schools are totally defenseless, I hold the federal board of education responsible for all of these massacres. 1 vote#7.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:34 PM ESTparabellumHeeee can do eeeeverythiiiing...Except fix the Barney Frank... er... I mean the Bush economy.1 vote#7.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:54 PM ESTfearlesskrisIf our response to this most recent instance of gun violence and death is "more security" at the schools and/or a witch hunt of pre-teen and teen boys who are weird, geeky, and smart, we are absolutely looking at the wrong responses.  We have completely missed the point.  Better health care in this country?  We definitely need to address that issue.  We have de-funded mental health initiatives, closed supervised living programs for the developmentally disabled, and quite often our mental health professionals in the schools are completely overwhelmed.  The point is this - in absolutely no scenario is the ability to fire off hundreds of rounds from an assault weapon, killing as many innocents as there are rounds in a magazine, acceptable or protected as a right.  If you "hunt" game with assault rapid fire weapons, well you're really not "hunting" are you?  Lots of talk about the laws already on the books - well I'm from Chicago and our responsible gun laws are under constant attack.  And since our handgun ban was found to be unconstitutional, gun death skyrocketed. Hunters can hunt with unmodified rifles and shotguns.  Rural folks can protect their homes and farms with shotguns - and let me tell you, a barking dog does wonders to deter intruders no matter where you live.  We have no use for assault multiple round weapons of war.  There is not now, nor has there been, a governmental "big brother" knocking at our doors to steal our guns.  Let's do away with that idiotic conspiracy theory once and for all and get our stuff together.  For ourselves and more importantly for our dear children.  It's not too early to talk about ending gun violence, it's too late.  But it's not too late to DO something besides talking.#7.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 5:00 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices CrimsonCujoI hate to be insensitive to the current crisis, but I feel the need to add this personal bit of info:I felt no emotion towards either the victims or the killer. It was like "Oh. So several people died today and a murderer shot himself to avoid being taken alive. Doesn't that crap happen every day though?". At least, that's what my gut instinct is telling me - I can tell when the sorrow I feel is for another person other than myself, and that's not what I'm feeling. I'm feeling a "So what?" kind of emotion.It's sad really - I realize I don't have a heart, and that most likely if I were in the situation that that murderer was in, chances are I MAY have ended up the same way (I say "may" because I would feel the shivering fear and doubt of my intent before I steeled enough resolve to go through with the action - though the reasons for feeling that would be completely selfish).While I'm thankful for the fact MY situation isn't like this, the thought of what could occur if it WERE kinda worries me. On the other hand, it's not like I care about the human race - you guys do enough slaughtering and butchering of each other as it is.Y'know, maybe one day this world will learn just how poisonous "hatred" is, shut up, calm the @!$%# down and stop labeling people based upon groups just so we can have excuses to justify genocide like this.Oh, and just to clarify, I know for a fact race/sexuality/politics/etc, isn't involved in this - but although it isn't related to this atrocity, it still doesn't change the fact that I'd brutally slaughter one hundred people like this killer if it'd protect a thousand people like the victims mentioned here, regardless of what they might be.I think I've just seen so much death, destruction, murder and such that I've become desensitized to this kind of BS. Which is lame, because I've realized that to survive in this world, you'll have to use violence on the ones who are most in danger of using it to harm the innocent.That said, I don't think this article accurately describes how I feel about this whole ordeal. It certainly doesn't affect me, and the whole incident doesn't change the fact that I believe humanity's nothing more than trash.4 votes#8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:53 AM ESTKevin from Oregonyou are part of whats wrong with us. Just wait until its your loved ones getting blown away for NUTHIN!!!6 votes#8.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:58 AM ESTtakenakaYou sound very sick crimson. Let me point out a need for a ban on handguns and semi-automatic weapons.6 votes#8.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:10 AM ESTKevin from Oregontakenaka no need for banning guns. Haven't you realized yet that it is the people doing the killing?If one is bent on that, they Will find one. Just sayin.5 votes#8.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:14 AM ESTKevin from OregonIT DOESN'T AFFECT ME!!!!!Now If I was going to make a comment....OK I will, This is EXACTLY WHAT IS WRONG WITH OUR COUNTRY!!! 7 votes#8.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:17 AM ESTRachel-2838072This guy just wants a reaction!! Do NOT give him one. Ignore him! He is a troll, don't feed the troll!6 votes#8.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:21 AM ESTMissAbby-4013269 "On the other hand, it's not like I care about the human race - you guys do enough slaughtering and butchering of each other as it is."Hate to break it to you, CrimsonCujo, but you are part of the human race. You are indeed one of "us guys." You may not be happy about it, but you are.I understand the feeling of wanting to distance yourself from society's ills. It's obvious that we are doing something wrong. You say that you feel no emotion about this tragic event, but then later state that you would "brutally slaughter one hundred people like this killer if it'd protect a thousand people like the victims mentioned here."You care more than you realize. It's hard NOT to care when envisioning a classroom of kindergarteners being terrorized. I wish you well.6 votes#8.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:21 AM ESTKevin from OregonLets all Hope that Crimson doesn't own any guns! Dude sounds real creepy!7 votes#8.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:25 AM ESTCrimsonCujoKevin, Takenaka - I realize this. I realize how much of a disgrace  that makes me appear. I was only stating what my body was saying of the  situation. I look to my body for notifications of what I'm truly  "feeling" so to speak.Yes, I'm fully aware that people like this  "murderer" are the source of all the death and destruction. At the same  time, my body keeps giving me an apathetic sensation - and I've learned  that if that's how my body feels, then it how *I* truly feel deep down  inside. I can't trust my words - I have to trust my body's sensations.Furthermore,  I've never been exposed to the raw fear of a gun - I'm more afraid of  handcuffs than I am a gun. I've lived a very sheltered, pacifistic life  where the biggest threat I ever faced was being locked in a cage.At  the same time though, if I or my family were threatened with having  their freedom and happiness taken away, I think my body would feel a  kind of violent and destructive desire to "kill" that I don't think I  could quite accurately describe how heavy said urge would be (merely  because it'd be too vast for a mere human to comprehend, much less put  into words).I don't WANT to end up like him (the killer, that  is), but I'm still trying to figure out whether I need to please the old  religious geezers or the young anarchistic thugs of this world. I can't  please both, but I feel agitation and irritability from dealing with  the former (because a majority of their hobbies BORE me to death), and  fear and suppression of my true feelings from the latter (mostly because  I fear angering or alienating them).That said, while I WILL say this crime was  atrocious, I know I can't trust my words - they aren't my true thoughts  (whether I say them out loud or on a texty piece of internet). My true  feelings dictate who I am and what I feel about what I see, but if those  feelings are unwanted in society, it leaves ME scrambling to find  something redeeming about myself so that I don't end up like that loser  Adam Lanza.2 votes#8.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:31 AM ESTsickandtired-554972I just hope that the FBI and local authorities locate crimsoncujo and give him some time to think about what he is saying. Sounds like it is another mental illness situation that needs to be taken off the steet. Just do us all a favor crimson, just do yourself in and leave everybody else alone. F#$%OFF A-Hole!!!! Ban assault weapons and handguns. You cannot hunt with a handgun and these are used for the specific purpose of concealing and murder. Assault weapons are made for the battlefield. When was the last time we heard of a person with an arsenal using the guns for "protection". Guns in the home only lead to suicide and murder. A house can easily be protected by a 410 shotgun. Do we really need weapons that can hold 50 bullits to protect our homes. I did not realize that when the home invasion happens there is a large group of criminals attacking where we need assault weapons and guns with 52 bullit clips. NRA sucks and guns suck period.5 votes#8.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:36 AM ESTKevin from OregonDUDE......I Am comprehending everything your saying.PUT THE PIPE DOWN!  Narcissism times fifty is what I'm seeing.IT AIN"T ABOUT YOU SON!7 votes#8.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:41 AM ESTCrimsonCujoSickandtired - Tell me, if I told you where you could find me, would you come and end my life yourself? I'd actually prefer to die than to remain alive and a threat to anyone else. If my death prevents others from suffering, that'd probably be a GOOD thing.Look at it this way: the whole reason I came clean about my feelings on this issue was because every time I hear a story like this, it makes ME realize that if all the conditions of THIS PARTICULAR INCIDENT - like the guns and such - were in place, odds are my bestial-like nature of acting on impulse and instinct would force me to do something I might actually regret afterwards (although said regret would be for a very selfish reason, as I've said).Thank god I've never seen a gun up-close, and thank god my single-misdemeanor-stained criminal record prevents me from being near stuff like that (hell, other than the cops, I don't know anyone who owns a gun in this area - not like I'd try to find out anyways).Oh yeah, and there's a police station not but 4 or 5 blocks from my apartment -  if things were as bad as you say, it wouldn't take long for them to get here. But then of course I worry what may result from the cops showing up (especially if their intent is to handcuff me).@Abby - Abby, it's not just that. According to what I know of the definition of "being human", you're supposed to cry over a death like this. The fact that I'm not shows a form of soullessness or heartlessness. And as I recall, part of "being human" requires that you "have a heart and soul" that is "capable of shedding tears of sorrow".Add to the fact that I act more like a wild animal in regards to the fact that I obey my impulses and instincts (AKA act without thinking things through) and the realization that those impulsive and instinctual actions tend to harm more than help, and you have the general reason why I think myself as NOT a human and as more of a beast or a sociopathic monster.It's why I'm looking for where I CAN make people happy so that at least I retain an excuse to exist amongst you all.@Kevin - About me?! The hell?! I realize it ain't about me, but at the same time I worry of a possibility that IT COULD BE ABOUT ME!And I'm far from narcissistic. If anything, I'm the exact opposite.1 vote#8.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:50 AM ESTjanellectStudies are showing a huge drop in empathy for college aged people. This is really bad for our future... and the future of our children. It's easy to distance yourself when you're wrapped up in yourself.I hope that anybody who recognizes they have issues, please realize they they need to talk to a someone and figure out why. Not having empathy is not normal.5 votes#8.12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:50 AM ESTIA.ScooterTramptakenadanot today. I believe there is enough grief for one weekend.2 votes#8.13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:54 AM ESTunfilteredthinkercrimsonsounds like u are too much into your own feelings. 99.9% of us dont do bad things like this. How do we stop the evil people that do? Well the religious geezers do know one thing. If a kid is in church he is far less likely to get in trouble. If he is an anarchist he is far more likely to get in trouble. Life is tough enough. You dont need trouble. Now, get over yourself work hard and relax and drink a beer.3 votes#8.14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:56 AM ESTCrimsonCujo@Janellect - Just who exactly? The only people I can really talk to are those that accept Medicare/Medicaid, and they're no better than the people who take more advanced health plans that claim to offer BETTER services in return for more money.If I could obtain some empathy, I'd do so in a heartbeat. But I realize that isn't something you can buy - it's just something you "have".@Unfiltered - First off, alcohol tastes like crap. So there will not be any "having a beer" from me.Second, I don't go to Church because I've yet to find one that won't label my own parents (lesbians) as blasphemous stains. It's why I tend to harp on the Mormons so badly - they're so close by and they've done this stuff a number of times. You don't get me without at least tolerating my parents for WHO they are and WHAT they are.Finally, knowing my emotions gives me at least a sense that I have a brain worth even one thing to society - and without that I'd probably lose all hope at life (if that were the case though no one else would be in danger because of it).1 vote#8.15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:59 AM ESTKevin from OregonUH....Crimson....google narcistic behavior.....while someone contacts NBC and informs the local authorities about a possible meltdown in your neigborhood.WOWZER4 votes#8.16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:08 AM ESTCrimsonCujoKevin.Calm. The hell. Down. I can tell that the severity of this crisis is leading you to make irrational statements. Nobody is in any danger from me (in fact if that were the case I would be the one alerting authorities).I was having one of my usual pessimistic moments. Crap like this ALWAYS happens, and I wish it didn't. Just once, I'd give my legs or any other seriously valuable body part to be able to really fit under what this article is saying (and honestly, me being affected wouldn't make a difference, but it WOULD make me feel less guilty about the whole affair).The fact that I DON'T feel sorrow over this tragedy makes me feel guilty. That's all I was trying to say - and I got carried away and went all overcomplicated on it.3 votes#8.17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:17 AM ESTJacquie777The real problem is poor psychiatric care and education available to those who are in need of it.4 votes#8.18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:29 AM ESTSuzi SaulCrimson, can you tell us what video games you've enjoyed in the past 5 years?2 votes#8.19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:34 AM ESTErbyCrimsoncujo, Without reading Every post of people commenting to your original post, I felt the need to say this.  I have realized in my time that what our bodies feeling is attributed to our emotional stance on a situation and our past trials and tribulations. This being said I am wondering if you have become disconnected from emotion. Which in my experience happens when you have to much emotion at one time for something else. If you are not already seeing a therapist I would strongly urge you to give one a try to help you come back to a safer place. If you are currently seeing one I would mention the fact that you seem to have become dissociated. There are many reasons for this however do some research and maybe you'll find this will be helpful. I am not a therapist however I have seen enough to feel comfortable in saying that you appear to be dissociated, this would explain your lack of empathy in this situation. You make other points in your comment however this is the point i felt the need to comment on. 3 votes#8.20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:47 AM ESTProud to be an American237You feel something otherwise you wouldn't have responded.  These situations can make a person numb and while you may not have shed a tear this horrific tragedy has touched you.  That is obvious to me in several things you have said.  Many of the responders to you have gone on the attack because for many if you don't grieve or react the way they think you should or the way they do then you are seen as callous and possibly dangerous.  One cannot say there is a proper way to react as everyone has circumstances and happenings in their lives that will be reflected in their being able to process tragedies like this.  As a parent and a grandparent I was close to tears yesterday but I didn't break down either.  There are little ones who needed the strength of an adult telling them yes this is so so horrible, so so sad but I am here to keep you safe and provide the hugs.  Believe me there are others and probably some of your responders who would be capable of doing the same were anyone to attempt to harm one of theirs.  You are feeling the impact of this in your own way... nobody can tell you the proper way to grieve for such a loss.  You have brought into your process actually from what I see the frustrations of many with the destruction of their dreams and feelings of hopelessness.  I am not a religious nut although I believe in a higher being.  I belong to no organized religion and do not preach to others.  However, I was raised with learning right from wrong and instilled it in my own children and grandchildren.   You have been doing a lot of introspection with this tragedy it appears and some of it has scared you.  I wish you well and know there is good and bad in the world.  It has always been so but live to do good.  It is far more rewarding on a personal level.2 votes#8.21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:29 AM ESTKevin from OregonCrimson.......you got carried away and overcomplicated it........That is the exact reason you need help and quickly.  the little white bus should arrive shortly.1 vote#8.22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:32 AM ESTsquirrel-2382962hey he is one of many he is just saying it out loud as as I said ITS A ME WORLD theres alot out their that think like him ast like him and unless you work with the public you don't see it or just don't care to see it1 vote#8.23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:37 AM ESTE=MC4Maybe it is just me, maybe I am became OVERsensitized, but since I came back to my quiet little town in northern Canada from 2 trips to Afghanistan, I value life even more. I do not like seeing ANY person die. I can now feel total empathy with those who have lost loved ones and I bleed for them inside. But that is just me.....1 vote#8.24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:03 PM ESTE=MC4Excuse the bad English in my previous post 8.24. I meant "I have become".Also to further my statement that I do not like seeing any person die, I meant innocent people like bystanders, kids etc., they are the ones I grieve for. I have absolutely no problem with the death of someone trying to either kill me or an innocent person.1 vote#8.25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:35 PM ESTJeanette-767450Is that Crimson's picture?  It's Saturday, he's a young handsome guy.  He should be out having fun instead of sitting at a computer on a news vine.2 votes#8.26 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:25 PM ESTlittlechangesJeanette, you honestly think red dog has anything better to do? Sociopath and narcissist guys walk around in a world of one, themselves.#8.27 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:01 PM ESTparabellumCrimson, you may well be the most sane and balanced person here.  Most of these others are in serious denial and can't maintain a working relationship between their hyper-sensitive emotions and their well-suppressed intellect.  You're alright.  Your touchy-feely judges passing sentence are actually the criminals.1 vote#8.28 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:35 PM ESTjanellectI agree that there are not many great resources. Have you tried a local university that has a graduate psych program? Email them to ask about any clinical programs that offer counseling for free or at a discount. Also, sometimes you have to try visiting more than one person before you "click." I still think you would benefit.There's a lot of interesting research on mirror neurons. It has been shown that when watching someone perform an action or even speak an action word, the person watching has activity in the same area of the brain as the performer. They theorize now that people with autism are lacking those neurons.1 vote#8.29 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 9:04 AM ESTbhgalCrimsonCujo,I'm sorry I don't have much helpful information. Some of what you are saying does sound a bit antisocial, but I am far from being an expert, or even very knowledgable.However, I can recommend a movie, a documentary Are You Good or Evil?, which you can find for free on Top Documentary Films website, topdocumentaryfilms.com . It's about  a professor who researched what makes someone good or evil, what turns people into psychopaths or not, only to find out that he perfectly fit the profile of a psychopath, including genetical predispositions and his family's testimony. But it was the upbringing that helped him act correctly and even become very useful and highly functional, both for himself and for the society. Similarly to his personal findings, societies that are more turned toward collective good (than personal) have less reported antisocial behavior according to some studies. It has been suggested by a number of studies that the highly driven, personal goal oriented societies, where materialistic individualism is highly regarded have more incidences of antisocial behavior: meaning acting upon that lack of empathy and feelings. It's not that people's brains are different. It's that the rules are different. Antisocial behavior runs into serious resistance early on, as it's completely rejected by society, while here, society is more lenient toward it, and it's even supportive in very intelligent people, who often become CEOs of companies (larger percentage of sociopaths has been found among CEOs than among the rest of the population), because they are so reckless that they'll do anything to achieve what they want.Since you are so wonderfully honest and open, which I really admire and appreciate, I did want to ask you a few  questions, just for my own information. I know I have no right to ask, so it's OK if you ignore me. Do you play video games and how would you rate your Internet usage? If you do, how long have you been using those practices, or when did it increase, if it did? If you do use one or both, how violent are they, and how exposed are you to violence through electronic resources? Have you been seeing much violence in real life?Thank you for what you shared with us. It was interesting and rarely sincere.#8.30 - Sun Dec 16, 2012 6:12 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Kevin from OregonRIP to those that have left us. Hey Free stuff...........STFU!  Our government has not a F'N thing to do with this tragedy.If you people don't have anything but self serving BS comments to make, Then be gone...you just may be part of our countries problems.God have Mercy on all of us.7 votes#9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:54 AM ESTparabellumKevin from Left Coast: They may not have anything to do with this, though that's arguable (put on your lib conspiracy cap and think of all the possibilities).  You can be well-assured they will milk it for everything it's worth.  As Ubama's Godfather said, "Never let a crisis go to waste."  I can hear their champagne corks popping as you drone on.1 vote#9.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:42 PM ESTlens777Mental illness is worse than Cancer.The same painstaking research and funding that goes  into  other diseases should be applied and funded into this incurable nightmare of a disease. That being said,we cannot monitor all the households that have various weapons today.The need to have an arsenal of weapons at  home is inexcusable.to have one gun registered is sufficient ,if you are a licensed hunter,there too should be a tighter monitoring of hunting weapons.The right to bare arms is a stretch of the United States Constitution.1 vote#10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:56 AM ESTmike a.-1104647Too easy to say we need to attack "mental illness".  Make's it someone elses problem.  The real issue as I see it is that we, as a society, tolerate sociopaths. That is a burden *all* of us must bear. Consider Hawaii where my family lived for two years.  Petty crime is off-the-charts there (my 2yr old son's back-pack was stolen while we were in the restroom for goodness sake. I was told I should keep better track of my stuff by security staff.  ok...), but violent crime is almost non-existant. I suggest this is because as a culture you simply cannot opt for the sort of isolationist behavior we see in these horrific killers.  In Hawaii you must either be part of society or leave.  The loners get rooted out. Unfortunately on the mainland our (and I'm as guilty of this as anyone) "you take care of you and I'll take care of me" MO allows sociopaths to happiliy persist and grow increasingly dangerous...knowing they will be "left alone".  I'm all for getting rid of the guns...but in the mean time I think I'll get to know my neighbors.#10.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:53 PM ESTparabellum"...we, as a society, tolerate sociopaths"  So much so that we elect them to be President.#10.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:44 PM ESTjanellectparabellum, which one? Actually I don't think any of our presidents were sociopaths, perhaps some of them fall under the narcissistic category though.#10.3 - Tue Dec 18, 2012 10:05 AM ESTSallyAnn-4595694@Kevin from Oregon. THANK YOU. You are correct, there are a couple of posters here who sure showed how low informed, STUPID they are.4 votes#11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:58 AM ESTKevin from Oregonamazing to me Sally Ann...........that children are murdered and this dude has the gall to speak out of his arse like a moron.I'm 57 and realized along time ago...that there Are idiots on this rock we share.9 votes#11.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:04 AM ESTVernvaAh, but the government does have a lot to do with it.  The government can pass as many laws about as many things as they want but they can not be in the human heart.  There is one Moral Law Giver and he has been banned.  Banned because moral rules apply to all not 'everyone but me'.  As long as babies are killed for convenience, folks are robbed under the pretense of Robin Hood, and the government pretends to be the moral authority, we are doomed as a society.  The Constitution was crafted to avoid where we are but that was not convenient.  The establishment clause was not to remove religion it was to prevent a Sharia law type issue.  Several of you need to engage your brains and do some reading.  Guess Jesus was right we are just a bunch of sheep.6 votes#12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:13 AM ESTKevin from OregonGeez...........another tea drinkin fool.4 votes#12.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:16 AM ESTLinda M-311663Great post, Vern! 100% in agreement!3 votes#12.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:46 AM ESTTim MockYeah, maybe Jesus as right maybe we should Pray and ask him where him and God were while the kids were staring down the barrel of those Guns. Maybe they were having Tea and strumpets with Satan and Satan is petitioning for all the schools who don't preach the word of God in them. God supposively says he will not get involved in Free Will so not matter how many Schools hes in he still wouldnt protect his own people! And about engaging our Brains in reading I challange your brain as well , read Genesis Chaper 1 about when God created everything, the plannets, stars, earth ect then get your calulator out and count back the years to when god was supposed to have done this, you can count back to around the time of Abraham! Ill give ya a clue though to save ya the time religous Scholars have already done this for you and Ill tell ya the awnser: A little over 6000 years! Do your math and googleing for yourself but this is their best calulation and they pretty much all agree. Now heres the question of the day if weve only been here a little over 6000 years like the Scholars have dated the Bibles accounts too, then explain why we are finding Dinosaur Bones that are around 150 to 300 billion years old, and have the fossil fuel to prove it! You use to to drive around daily. And then again those pretty stars you see at night take millions of light years to reach earth for us to see them. Isnt that something? Maybe God or jesus dont have anything to do with this at all? Id say If our government would stop all the needless bush Vendette wars and giving all the 100s of billions is tax breaks to the oil companies maybe they wouldnt have to cut federal funding to the school. they could make a law and put security in place to protect those schools. But hey what do I know I probally dont engage my brain enough!#12.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:14 AM ESTConjuring Cat The establishment clause was not to remove religion it was to prevent a Sharia law type issue.And I will guaran-damn-tee that you would be perfectly happy with that "Sharia law" if it was your Bible that was the law book instead of that other one, Vern!  Proof?There is one Moral Law Giver and he has been banned. Banned because moral rules apply to all not 'everyone but me'.So take your dreck about "sharia law" and stuff it, Vern--all we'd have to do is call it Biblical law and you'd be the first to sign up...1 vote#12.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:25 PM ESTJim Brown-6488619Vernva does make a good point I think, or maybe I'll make it for him/her :)  When you abolish state endorsement of even watered down religious or moral expression, you have indeed prevented the preeminence of any one religion over the others. Similarly, in our democracy, we abolished the preeminence of any one man or woman over all others. So, the constitution is satisfied. Most agree that our constitution functions as intended: by abolishing religious endorsement by the state, we avoid religious oppression.  We fight tyranny with the vote. But democracy is not the best form of government, it may  simply be the least bad. When the state cannot endorse religion, it is left with little to endorse. When a leader can only "lead" for a few years, there is little leadership. The tea party and the far right wing of the republican party are good examples of why religion was separated from the state. They both are also a product of that separation in my opinion. 1 vote#12.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:45 PM ESTDav1bgTIMI personally saw a fossilized tree in the upright position that intersected two coal seams which were dated by archeologist's to be 30 million years apart. So YOU explain to me how a tree stood up for 30 million years and then became fossilized???One other thing, just a few hundred years ago scientists were telling us the earth was flat, even though in the bible it is described as a ball. Just food for thought.1 vote#12.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:49 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Breezie-Ugh, not to take attention off of this horrid, awful tragedy, as I photographer, I always dress in black to avoid color casts on my subjects.  White would work as well, but I look awful in white, it's harder to care for, harder to find, etc.  Can we just leave dressing in black off the checklist of Evil Doer?  4 votes#13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:20 AM ESTSarah Kolakowskivia FacebookYeah let's ban weapons so that people are totally defenseless when some mad person who has obtained guns illegally gun them down! That being said, this is a tragedy and not only because it was done at an elementary school. From what I hear, this gun man had a mental illness and there had to have been some signs. Not necessarily that he was going to shoot down a school but there's signs that someone needs help. His brother even said that he was mentally ill. It brings to question why the mother had had guns in the house as well. This is a tragedy for multiple reasons. It could have been prevented as well. Why someone needs that many guns in a house is too much. I agree something has to be done but tighter gun control isn't going to help. Criminals are always going to get a gun somewhere and there will be no way to track that. 6 votes#14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:26 AM ESTKevin from Oregonagreed....nice one girl.2 votes#14.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:36 AM ESTtim-2799493Yeah let's ban weapons so that people are totally defenseless when some mad person who has obtained guns illegally gun them down!Mrs. Lanza was armed to the teeth, quite legally.  Her son, who was 20, illegally commandeered some of her weapons and killed her with them.So, if only she had had more weapons, this whole tragedy could have been avoided?Right.Criminals are always going to get a gun somewhere and there will be no way to track that.There is absolutely no reason to give this antiquated theory any credence whatsoever.  It doesn't work that way.We need much better gun controls/safety regulations.  That's perfectly obvious.2 votes#14.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:41 AM ESThiapThere is absolutely no reason to give this antiquated theory any credence whatsoever. It doesn't work that way.Antiquated theory with no credence huh? So what exactly is happening in Chicago these days if not exactly what she describes? Do you think all those people killing eachother walk in to Walmart sporting goods and legally buy and register those guns?  2 votes#14.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:51 PM ESTRaygirlWell think about it this way. Its better to keep the number of guns already distributed than to have even more people buy guns legally. How so? Well let me give a scenerio. There are a high number of people who carry guns in America. Out of all those people about half of them have mental issues. Some of them don't. Yet, make someone who does or doesn't have mental issues angry or make them depressed, they might decide to shoot dozens of people. Now, let's lossen gun control so that it can be in EVERY citizens hand. Out of every citizen that has a gun, only a few know how to shoot a gun. So one decides to shoot down a potential gunman. But *gasp*! He accidentally shoots an innocent bystander. Then the gunman proceeds to also shoot and kills the one that missed and everyone else. So now we have more casualties than we would have had had it had been only one gunman. My point?Its better to have gun control and keep the number of criminals we have than to loosen gun control and let the number of criminals increase. at least at this level it would be a little more manageable. If everyone had a gun, which is about how it is today anyway, then there's a chance more crazy people will do this and on an even grander scale.#14.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:54 PM ESTJeanette-767450Raygirl:  Math challenged?"There are a high number of people who carry guns in America. Out of all those people about half of them have mental issues. Some of them don't."#14.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:27 PM ESTtim-2799493Antiquated theory with no credence huh? So what exactly is happening in Chicago these days if not exactly what she describes?Chicago is right next to Indiana where gun laws are wide open, which is a problem we could solve over time with a consistent national gun law.  Chicago is a perfect example, in fact.#14.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:45 PM ESTTali'kar Rando@Tim- you must not live near criminals. I live in New York City, we have very strict gun laws- 6 month background check per gun purchase, only guns allow are handguns under .45 caliber, and guns can only be shown in a gun range or gun permitted zone(there are none), and concealed carry is a 10 year prison sentence Minimum- but there are still local news stories of shootouts between people with full-auto military grade weapons that are not even allowed to be sold New York State much less New York City. I- an average 18 year old college student-can set up a meeting with criminals-through online or face to face interaction- and be better equipped than my local SWAT team for much less than legally purchasing i might add. Criminals care only about profit, as long as you don't appear to be a snitch, they will do business with you.2 votes#14.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:05 PM ESTtim-2799493...and, as you  neglected to point out, the rate of gun violence and murders has dropped dramatically over the past decade.Thanks for the example.#14.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 6:38 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices soxfan-1829856 I know hindsight is 20/20 but there must be a way to install re-enforced doors on classrooms that can prevent nuts like this from entering much like airliners have now. Perhaps they can be locked and unlocked only from the inside and activated in just such situations like this. Just a thought,the cost would probably be high but you can't put a value on children's lives.1 vote#15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:27 AM ESTWindancersong-1494878Sandy Hook just finished installing a new security system. If you notice, the killer had to break the glass next to the locked door in order to enter the school. Many schools are now going to a locked security door system. Where one needs to push a button and the office let's you in after they speak to you to find out what you want. Other schools have all the doors locked except one near the office. So a person can't gain excess inside without passing the office. Most classroom doors do have locks which can be used. However, some  schools from the early 1990's have an open floor plan, dividing students  into smaller groups which rotate. There aren't actual walls which go up  to the ceiling.These are used for the lowest grades. More like modules  they have been designed to maximize air flow, energy efficiency and can  be adjusted for class size if needed.There is literally no door at all.While most of us probably are familiar with the metal detectors often used in inner cities. Then there are literally the armed guards or police officers. The list goes on as far as how much protection a school might need. Depending on the threat level it faces.But how does a place like sandy Hook prepare when something has never happened before. How does one plan for the impossible horrible nightmare which may never come in your lifetime? Do you need to plan for such an event yourself?2 votes#15.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:16 AM ESTJim Brown-6488619Not much of a security system.#15.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:47 PM ESTFugate,Craig W.So; the title of the article is: Victims' Bodies Identified, but, it contains no list or reference to a list of the identities?  NBC and ABC took the opportunity to compete for ratings during prime time.  Looks like they'll use any excuse to sell ads. I wonder what a grade school T.A. planned to do with 9mms and ARs. Looks like she lived in a pretty nice home on a grade school T.A.'s pay.  Maybe I should be a grade school T.A. in CT. #16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:28 AM ESTKevin from Oregon you are unemployable but maybe you just don't get it.#16.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:34 AM ESTJacques-InZhuhaiAre you kidding me???!!!I'm in Saudi Arabia now, and I am absolutely numbed....and some Saudis tell me that they can't believe the violence in America.4 votes#17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:29 AM ESTShesafatoneIf you remember a man in China entered a school and killed multiple children with a knife or knives. Humans who want to commit these types of horrors will find any way they can to commit these horrible crimes against humanity. The only chance we would have against these people is for others to speak up when they know people need help. We will find out much more about this evil person and his family. I know this evil person did not just wake up yesterday and say......" I feel like doing something evil" People knew this person was sick, they just chose to not do anything about it for some reason. Mind you....I live in Detroit and have NO faith in the Police's ability to protect me or my family.3 votes#18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:32 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710Read the story about China again. In the latest incident, a man slashed a bunch of children, but last time I checked, there were injuries, but no deaths.Guns don't make people violent. They just make violent people much more effective.7 votes#18.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:19 AM ESTConjuring CatSorry, chum--no fatalities in China.  So maybe your "it if wasn't guns..." argument isn't as airtight as you thought...2 votes#18.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:27 PM ESTRaygirlIf you notice there were no deaths in that incident. Obviously, guns kill faster and more effectively. Do you know why Japan is such a nice place to live? Guns are outlawed to the public. Not to say they don't have murders, but they have way less than we do.#18.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:58 PM ESTmontegobayWe all would wish the CT situation turn out like China !#18.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:15 PM ESTTali'kar Rando@Raygirl- I read that article too, and i agree with you to a point. yes this country would be far safer without guns but do you realize that there are millions of gun owners in the US, what are those guns going to just disappear. Plus unlike America, Japan does not have major gang problems, and a lucrative drug market. Guns will never disappear from America if the criminals have guns i don't trust my authorities- who are more likely to target me a law abiding black man-to be responsive enough to stop crimes. Superstorm sandy hit and bam there was looting, how did the looting stop, citizens took up arms against the offenders. I'm not saying that we should have a wild west attitude i'm saying that i would feel better with a nine milometer  in my holster then having to wait for the slow response of the authorities.2 votes#18.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:26 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices Terrie-3512799Forget about banning guns, how about toning down violence in everything we do for starters.All this violence and gory on tv and movies don't help.  It desensitizing the youth that do these mass killings.  It means nothing to them, it's like a movie.    Banning guns mean that law-abiding citizens will not have protection. 3 votes#19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:33 AM ESTRaygirlI agree. And most people try to pretend like it has nothing to do with Gun violence...that gory shows and video games don't effect the minds of the young and mentally deranged. But it does. I know a lot of people who watch and play these things get the urge to do these things in the real world. All you need  to do id put it in the hands of someone mentally vulnerable...#19.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:02 PM ESTTali'kar RandoThe violence depicted in media is prevalent but i feel it is the parents responsibility to control their child's exposure to that said violence. Most big home viewing companies have parental control on there content and R-Rated movies can only be seen with a person 17 and up. All  American sold video games have the ESRB rating system.  Even comic books have a rating system. There are regulations in place but if parents don't listen to these regulations there will be repercussions.    1 vote#19.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:38 PM ESTSteve the dog manSane, rational persons do not slaughter anyone, unless attacked.  So...how many guns, what caliber or type and banning this and that or "toning down our violence" or worrying about the "violence" we watch on movies or TV shows is nonsense.Mentally ill persons can watch a movie, listen to an album, eat ice cream, watch a fly go by or hear a message from their invisible friend, and it can trigger a psychotic episode resulting in murder or injury for an innocent person.We rational persons do NOT need our freedoms lessened in any way.  The crazies will not respect the rules, and they will still be crazy, so no matter what we do it won't matter to the psychos what we do or don't do.  It is lunatics and criminals who need their liberties restricted, not decent people.  I am not giving up my guns, knives, bows and arrows, box cutters, screwdrivers, cars or my right arm because there are crapheads who can't control themselves.  THEY need their rights curtailed, not us.2 votes#19.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:24 PM ESTChris4132020I am not entirely for or against this idea Terrie-3512799. My only problem with it is, much like everything else, who decides? I heard a radio announcer mention video games, he said "assassins creed, I mean come on, what more do you need to know??" The problem is this moron had clearly never even looked at the game, in Assassins Creed the game will actually fail you for killing innocents. Part of The Creed is that you d not harm civilians, so right there that game sends a better message then many movies.  I think there a just a lot of shocked people looking for easy answers. 1 vote#19.4 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 4:02 PM ESTTerrie-3512799Forget about banning guns, how about toning down violence in everything we do for starters.All this violence and gory on tv and movies don't help.  It desensitizing the youth that do these mass killings.  It means nothing to them, it's like a movie.    Banning guns mean that law-abiding citizens will not have protection. 2 votes#20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:33 AM ESTDr. KnowalittleI hope the news media will stay away from the families for a while. This is a time for mourning and not sensationalizing.8 votes#21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:34 AM ESTErnie GrangerSheasafatone:  Good observation.  On the same day that the shooter took out 20  children and 7 adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School another deranged  man attacked an elementary school in central China.Guns are banned in China so the deranged man used a knife.22 children were wounded.  BUT No one died.Result:  22 Chinese children will live to celebrate the Lunar New Year.20 American kids and 7 Adults will never celebrate another Christmas..EVER.It's true that people kill people.  But GUNS are the most efficient Weapon of Mass Destruction and their weapon of choice.7 votes#22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:39 AM ESTShesafatoneErnie, If you live where I do and you deal with 4 to 7 people shot on a good weekend and 2 to 4 home invasions on any given weekend you have two choices. Hope your not the next one and worry when you go to bed, or learn to protect your family and yourself. I choose not to be a victim in any situation. I have many years military experience as a range supoervisor and know how easy it is to teach people safe personal protection.7 votes#22.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:47 AM ESTConjuring CatNice attempt at ground-shifting, fatone...#22.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:28 PM ESTparabellumI know a gun is the best tool for blowing away a home invader, rapist, car jacker, burglar, mugger, and even an occasional mad dog and rabid raccoon.  You can have your little knife.1 vote#22.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 3:54 PM ESTSteve the dog manAnyone want to talk about the guns banned in Norway?  Or Chicago?2 votes#22.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:32 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices augustaklc"If you do what you always do you will get what you always got"  Why is this discussion even about guns - it has nothing to do with guns. This young man was mentally ill and regardless of the fact that his Mom had a gun, he would have found them and done this.  We should be talking about the state of the mental health services in this country.  I believe that we will learn in the coming weeks that this Mom could not have afforded services for her son, and that once he reached the age of conscent, he was lost. If we truly want to do SOMETHING that will honor the lives of the young ones lost in this tragedy, we should look at how we interact, treat, and deal with mental illness here in this country. We have to stop ignoring it and all that it brings and do something or this tragedy will become an everyday occurence and we will all be like crimoson above and numb to it all.5 votes#23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:41 AM ESTKevin from Oregongive this person a prize.#23.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:54 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710This young man was mentally ill and regardless of the fact that his Mom had a gun, he would have found them and done this.Um, no. If it were virtually impossible for a non-law-enforcement, non-military person to obtain a handgun, he would not have been able to do this. With a lesser weapon (a knife, for example), the death toll would have been much, much lower. In fact, without a gun, he wouldn't have been able to get through the locked front door of the school.1 vote#23.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:21 AM ESTShesafatoneThats not true, history is full of stories of mass murderers using weapons other than guns. Earlyout..... again if you lived in Detroit where 1 out of every 5 young adults carry an ILEAGAL weapon with intent to use it. And if you follow the Detroit news (or Chicago for that matter) you will see what I mean. In the last 6 months 2 people have been found shot within 100 ft of my home.8 votes#23.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:29 AM ESTtim-2799493Anyone who thinks this would have happened even if no guns were involved is delusional.2 votes#23.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:46 AM ESTDr. KnowalittleIn the US people with mental defects used to be committed to remove them from public. They were tossed in a room and locked up. The conditions were very bad and that practice was stopped. Now we just feed them high dollar meds and say have a nice day. It is almost impossible to have someone committed today.2 votes#23.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:53 AM ESTjim from mexicoearly oyt of his mind  you have no idea of what you are talking about  just let the law breakers have the guns you cretin1 vote#23.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:07 PM ESTRaygirl"If you do what you always do you will get what you always got" This is true. So many massacres occur because the gun laws remain loose and mental illness are not taken care of. But a few massacres were not done by people with mental illness such as James Holmes. By the way everything was planned, he couldn't possibly by scientific standards have a mental disorder.  So mental disorder is not necessarily the issue. Added, there is so much violence in popular media today that it can CAUSE a mental dysfunction even if a person were taking medication.  The media today has a negative affect on children and the mentally vulnerable. Its not uplifting or positive. But people are stuck in an illusion that violent media is our friend. This is because no one wants to admit the things they like are always bad. I used to defend violent media too, until I started working in the schools and observed the children and mentally ill for my safe. You have to be objective. Observe the behavior of the people around you. Make a statistic of how many people participate or watch violent entertainment. Then we can officially see the root of the problem. There are just way too many mentally ill people. We need to control what motivates them...violent entertainment and Gun availability. These things work hand in handNote: Majority of young people who are socially withdrawn play video games, usually of a violent nature. like Call of Duty or Resident Evil. Socially withdrawn people already feel like outcasts from the world, so when they play these games it gives them the urge to "get back" at the world that made them feel different. I've seen it. And honestly these are things that need to be addressed.1 vote#23.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:18 PM ESTAdvertise | AdChoices LT-2562568v#24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:48 AM EST-ExpatriateAmerica is a true paradox as a country. Persistently  postering itself as the standardbearer of the "civilized" world though where a deafening background noise of violence goes unheard and is virtually absent from public discourse. Pathetically,  such incidents are systematically followed by short periods of introspection and partisan debate inevitably ending with the status quo. At the same time the short-lived media attention that always follows obscures this background noise of violence that is a cornerstone of American culture and our true values and identity as a nation. And so while these tragic 26 deaths will receive much attention in the days to come, the 15,000 gun deaths in this same year will go unnoticed. These latter deaths and violence are part of our "normal" as a society. And as long as such violence is considered "normal", America has no entitlement to any claim as a "civilized" nation, no right to pontificate moral behavior to other nations, lecture peoples about other forms of violence and atrocities. These 15,000 deaths a year are more than enough proof that by any standard America remains its own worst enemy. We may pretend to be shocked by the violence and barbarity of the Taliban but the violence we inflict on our ourselves as a nation goes unnoticed and unchallenged with no true public debate.4 votes#25 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 9:49 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710Well said. The rest of the civilized world looks at us and says, "What's wrong with these people?"2 votes#25.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:23 AM ESTShesafatoneThis is a global issue, it just gets reported  more here in the US and the more civilized countries.1 vote#25.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:31 AM ESTtexasbobIf the rest of the civilised world is so great with their laws and lack of freedom, why do so many of them want to come here?6 votes#25.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:35 AM ESTtim-2799493This is a global issue, it just gets reported more here in the US and the more civilized countries.Not if you're talking about gun violence, it isn't.  The U.S. has the highest per capita rate of gun ownership of any country in the world.  It also has the highest rate of gun violence of any developned nation.  Gun violence and homicide rates tend to track proportionately with the availability of the weapons.Of the 20 worst gun related massacres worldwide in the past thirty years, 11 of them happened in the U.S.  First runner up was Finland, with 2 incidents. There have been 15 mass murders in the U.S. involving guns this year alone.Every day, around 83 people are killed in the U.S. with guns.  Every day.If anything, it isn't reported enough here.2 votes#25.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:54 AM ESTEarlyOut-1524710This is a global issue, it just gets reported  more here in the US and the more civilized countries.You couldn't be more wrong.4 votes#25.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:02 PM ESTJohn-1779666I think it has been said by a lot of people to take care of the issues here first before worrying about other countries, and it starts with the economy and illegal immigrant problem.  Then violent crimes and penalties have to be addressed.  Carrying out penalties also need to happen quicker.  There is no reason why a convicted murderer should be on death row for 20 plus years.  Death sentences need to be carried out within the year, especially the DNA technology we have today. Even if all the ills are address, unfortunately, episodes like this one will happen from time to time.  You cannot totally root out evil, but you can address issues, like the whole goth thing, to try and prevent these sort of tragedies.2 votes#25.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:34 PM ESTBundgaard-1210892John 17---I agree with you that the penalties, like death should be carried out within a year due to my technology (DNA, and other test equipment), but on the other hand when we have someone in jail for 20 years and we find they were not even there at the scene, and they due to politics and the "slogan" "we got him" and later find out it was all politics and lies by low educated police, and lyeing police, placing guns on people etc, or only try to come up with things that look bad on the defendant, then I also agree that if such a person was in jail for a number of years, then the police people involved and the judge and the prosecute should have 24 hour death penalty, so they do not get elected governors or police chiefs due to their lie, and this my friend is rampant in USA, not anywhere near as much in most other western countries.Unfortunately this terrible killing is being over analyzed, this can happen anywhere, any day all over the globe--Forget gun control, that is just politics in the USA with several hundred million guns, many people have more guns here than cars, but after 6 years in mil in EU, I have no idea, why people here have to have guns, other than in US where so many have guns--so everyone feel they have to have guns, because 2/3 of population can show up any time at ones front door with a gun and threaten Grandpa for money, since they are out of a job, since all of those for low people jobs are gone to China, AND you never know when someone did not get his med, especially here--due to a horrific medical system, for 2/3 of the population..#25.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:26 PM ESTtim-2799493We shouldn't have a death penalty at all, but that has nothing to do with this topic.1 vote#25.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 2:48 PM ESTparabellumEarlyOut thinks America needs to take a back seat to the "rest of the world".  We're not the leaders, we're the backward dolts clinging to out little experiment in personal liberty and the sovereignty of the individual citizen.  How quaint.  Why can't we embrace the dominating trend of the history of humanity and live like servants under authoritarian rule like so much of the rest of the world?  Why can't we deprive all out citizens of their God-given rights in order to save these 20 children to be productive drones in government labor camps or starving on collectivist farms?  Freedom and democracy have no place in this evolved modern world.  Just think how loved and respected we could be by all the world's dictatorships if we would just surrender our obsession with natural law.Side note: There seems to have been a trend showing human life to have a 100% mortality rate, but if we can achieve the IMPOSSIBLE task of eliminating guns, just maybe we could live forever.1 vote#25.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 4:15 PM ESTtim-2799493The 2nd Amendment is not a God-given right, and besides nobody is talking about repealing it anyway.#25.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 8:43 PM ESTChris4132020-ExpatriateWhen Americans pretend we are a 'standard bearer of the "civilized" world' as you claim, it is due to our constitution. No one pretends Americans are better then anyone else, our form of government is. A Representative Republic is better then a dictatorship or Monarchy for the people of the country as no human can have absolute power without becoming corrupt and Dangerous to the people. America was founded to be a nation of free, independent, self reliant people. That and our constitution mean that yes, this level of gun violence may be a distinctly American thing. We do not strip the populace of the means to defend themselves should the government go overboard. With our rights come responsibility to behave properly, this means that while our Constitution protects our rights we all have the responsibility and sadly, like anywhere else in the world where humans live we have people here who abuse our rights while neglecting any of the associated responsibilities.This issue here is really less about guns or 'culture' then it is about people and people everywhere are the same. Some people when Given an inch will take a mile.#25.11 - Mon Dec 17, 2012 3:51 PM ESTJump to discussion page: 1 2 3 ...  21Leave a Comment:Name: Email Address (will be verified, but never shown): You're in Easy Mode. If you prefer, you can use XHTML Mode instead.You're in XHTML Mode. If you prefer, you can use Easy Mode instead.(XHTML tags allowed - a,b,blockquote,br,code,dd,dl,dt,del,em,h2,h3,h4,i,ins,li,ol,p,pre,q,strong,ul)Post to my Facebook WallNewsvine Privacy StatementAs a new user, you may notice a few temporary content restrictions. Click here for more info.Most popular postsolder4daysagoMass traumas ripple across towns   and timenewer4daysagoLives saved by teachers, custodian and even children in Connecticut school shootingMost popular posts512Family: Newtown boy's favorite teacher died cradling him in her arms24hoursago555Lone survivor in Connecticut classroom: 'Mommy, I'm OK, but all of my friends are dead'2daysago1052Very heavily armed gunman shot mother multiple times before killing 26 at Connecticut school, police say3daysago1279Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say4daysago879Authorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacre5daysagoBrowsefeatured, crime, military, weather, environment, california, florida, shooting, education, us-news, new-york, gulf-oil-spill, texas, kari-huus, police, chicago, trayvon-martin, obama, afghanistan, sandy, los-angeles, murder, new-jersey, politics, barack-obama, george-zimmerman, colorado, gay, religion, school, hurricane, decision-2012, arizona, penn-state, veteransAlsoAdvertise | AdChoices Archives2012December (308)November (460)October (477)September (432)August (525)July (519)June (508)May (566)April (538)March (576)February (471)January (417)2011December (455)November (190)October (9)September (3)August (51)July (8)June (3)May (12)April (5)March (3)February (1)January (8)2010December (5)November (1)October (2)September (28)August (40)July (35)June (177)May (50)April (9)March (2)February (2)January (4)2009December (5)November (5)October (2)September (11)August (4)July (12)June (1)May (1)April (1)March (3)February (3)January (2)2008December (3)November (2)October (6)September (30)August (26)July (10)June (4)May (8)April (13)March (9)February (7)January (6)2007December (10)November (6)October (22)September (11)Most CommentedElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter  (11329)EXCLUSIVE: Susan Rice drops out of running for secretary of state, cites 'very politicized' confirmation process (1970)Same-sex wife of Army officer banned from joining Fort Bragg spouses club (2300)Fierce debate after Newtown school shootings: Where was God? (2021)Hillary Clinton recovering after fainting, suffering a concussion (2308)Mom of suspected school shooter -- first to die -- was avid gun enthusiast, friend says (1662)Newtown gunman forced his way into school, police say (1279)Other blogsThe Body OddCosmic LogRed Tape ChroniclesPhotoBlogGadgetboxTechnologUS NewsOpen ChannelInGame top stories3147,10 2012 NBCNews.comUS news on NBCNews.com About usContactHelpSite mapCareersClosed captioningTerms & ConditionsPrivacy policyAdvertise