Comment policy and guidlinesOur goal in providing you the ability to comment on individual stories is to increase viewpoints and thus understanding of various topics. We ask only that you are thoughtful about what you write. We dont edit posts, but do reserve the right to delete comments that violate our guidelines. The rules are simple: Be courteous. Dont threaten or verbally abuse other users or use obscene profane or defamatory language. Use respectful language. You cannot use language that abuses or discriminates on the basis of race, religion, nationality, gender, sexual orientation, age, region, disability, etc. Debate, but dont attack. In a community full of opinions and preferences, people always disagree. Tampabay.com encourages active discussions and welcomes debate. But personal attacks are a direct violation of this agreement and are grounds for immediate suspension of your commenting privileges. Your comments must be truthful. You may not impersonate another user or a tampabay.com staff member by choosing a similar screen name. You must disclose conflicts of interest. Do not post commercial material. You cannot, without the express approval of tampabay.com, distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, advertising, or solicitation for goods or services. You are solely responsible for the content of your messages. You cannot knowingly post content that violates the copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right of any third party, and you must remove the same should you discover that you have violated this provision. Likewise, you cannot post content that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, that violates a third partys right to privacy, that otherwise violates any applicable local, state, national or international law, or that is otherwise inappropriate. Feedback comments are limited to 2,000 characters, or about 300 words. If you would like to write more than the allotted space, we invite you to submit a guest column to Let's Talk.By posting a comment in an article, you are consenting to its display on the site and for related online and offline promotional uses. Once you register, please let us know how it goes.  You can e-mail :  comments@tampabay.com.To view our privacy policy  Click here. To view our Terms, Conditions & Copyright  Click here.