Reuters.com PrintThis copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.Newtown students to return to classes in wake of school massacreTue, Dec 18 2012* Most schools in Connecticut town to reopen Tuesday* Sandy Hook Elementary to remain closed* Funerals continue for young victims* "There's going to be a lot of apprehension"By Dan Burns and Edith HonanNEWTOWN, Conn., Dec 18 (Reuters) - The schools of Newtown,which stood empty in the wake of a shooting rampage that took 26of their own, will again ring with the sounds of students andteachers on Tuesday as the bucolic Connecticut town struggles toreturn to normal.But among the normal sounds of a school day - teachersreading to children, the scratch of pencil on paper - studentswill hear new ones, including the murmur of grief counselors andthe footsteps of police officers.Four days after 20-year-old Adam Lanza strode into SandyHook Elementary school and gunned down a score of 6- and7-year-olds, in addition to six faculty and staff, that schoolwill remain closed. It is an active crime scene, with policecoming and going past a line of 26 Christmas trees that visitorshave decorated with ornaments, stuffed animals and balloons inthe school colors of green and white as a memorial to thevictims.The massacre - one of the deadliest school shootings in U.S.history - shocked Americans, prompting some lawmakers to callfor tighter restrictions on guns and causing schooladministrators around the country to assess their safetyprotocols.Newtown police plan to have officers at the six schoolsscheduled to reopen on Tuesday, trying to offer a sense ofsecurity to the students and faculty, many of whom spent theweekend in mourning. Newtown Police Lieutenant George Sinkoacknowledged it may be difficult to ease the worries of theroughly 4,700 returning students and their families."Obviously, there's going to be a lot of apprehension. Wejust had a horrific tragedy. We had babies sent to school thatshould be safe and they weren't," Sinko said. "You can't helpbut think ... if this could happen again."DAY FOR 'HEALING'Newtown High School Principal Charles Dumais, in an e-mailto parents, said schools in the district would open two hourslater than usual, with counselors available to students andtheir families."This is a day to start healing," Dumais said.While school officials have not yet decided when Sandy Hookstudents will resume their studies, the building that they willmove into - the unused Chalk Hill School in the nearby town ofMonroe - already showed signs of preparation.On a fence opposite the building, a green sign with whitelettering proclaimed "Welcome Sandy Hook Elementary!"In Washington, the massacre prompted U.S. President BarackObama on Monday to call a White House meeting with advisors todiscuss ways to respond, a first step toward fulfilling thepledge he made a day earlier in Newtown. Th e administration'splans to curb violence include but are not limited togun-control measures, a spokesman said.Police have warned it could take months for them to finishtheir investigation into the attack, which started when AdamLanza killed his mother, Nancy, at home, before driving to theschool armed with a Bushmaster AR 15 rifle and two handguns.After shooting 26 people at the school, he turned his gun onhimself when he heard police approaching.In total, 28 people died in the incident.Many of the students and faculty of Sandy Hook and itsneighbors will still have funerals to attend.The first two victims, Noah Pozner and Jack Pinto, both 6,were buried on Monday, with the boys' bodies laid out in whitecoffins. Jack was dressed in a New York Giants jersey with hisfavorite player's number, while mourners left a teddy bearoutside Noah's service.More funerals were expected on Tuesday, for victimsincluding James Mattioli and Jessica Rekos. Each was 6 yearsold."It's still not real that my little girl, who was so full oflife and who wants a horse so badly and who's going to getcowgirl boots for Christmas isn't coming home," Krista Rekos,Jessica's mother, told ABC News on Monday. Thomson Reuters 2011. All rights reserved. Users may download and print extracts of content from this website for their own personal and non-commercial use only. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters and its logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Thomson Reuters group of companies around the world.Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.