Reuters.com PrintThis copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.UPDATE 6-Schools reopen in Newtown, Washington talks gun controlTue, Dec 18 2012* Sandy Hook Elementary to remain closed* Funerals continue for young victims* NRA breaks silence as gun control debate grows louderBy Edward Krudy and Peter RudegeairNEWTOWN, Conn., Dec 18 (Reuters) - Most students returned toschool in the devastated Connecticut community of Newtown onTuesday for the first time since a gunman's rampage killed 26people in an elementary school, reviving the gun control debatein Washington.Breaking its silence for the first time since the shootings,the powerful gun industry lobby, the National Rifle Association,said it was "shocked, saddened and heartbroken" and was"prepared to offer meaningful contributions" to prevent suchmassacres.Businesses also reacted. One retailer, Dick's Sporting Goods< DKS.N>, pulled all guns from its store closest to Newtown andsuspended the sale of certain semi-automatic rifles in itsstores nationwide. A private equity firm said it would sell itsinvestments in the company that makes the AR-15 type Bushmasterrifle used in the shootings after pressure from a majorteachers' pension fund.Sandy Hook Elementary, where Adam Lanza gunned down 20 6-and 7-year-olds and six adults on Friday, remained closed. Itwas a crime scene on Tuesday, with police coming and going pasta line of 26 Christmas trees, one for each victim, decoratedwith ornaments, stuffed animals and balloons in the schoolcolors of green and white.The rest of Newtown's schools reopened with grief counselorsand police present, while two families buried their children."It's going to be awful, doing the things we used to do,"said Miguel, 16, who stopped by a doughnut shop on his way toNewtown High School. "There's going to be a lot of tears."The massacre prompted some Republican lawmakers to open thedoor to a national debate about gun control, a small sign ofeasing in Washington's entrenched reluctance to seriouslyconsider new federal restrictions.The NRA uses political pressure against individual lawmakersand others to press for loosening constraints on gun sales andownership across the United States while promoting hunting andgun sports.The group, which said it had not commented until now out ofrespect for the families and to allow time for mourning and aninvestigation, planned a news conference on Friday.NEWTOWN BURIES ITS CHILDRENPresident Barack Obama called for action at a Sunday nightprayer vigil in Newtown, and Democratic lawmakers have sought anew push for U.S. gun restrictions, including a ban on assaultweapons such as the Bushmaster AR-15-style assault rifle used byLanza.The 20-year-old gunman carried hundreds of rounds ofammunition in extra clips and shot his victims repeatedly, oneof them 11 times. He also shot and killed his mother beforedriving to the school, and then killed himself.When Sandy Hook students go back to school, it will be atthe unused Chalk Hill School in nearby Monroe, where a signacross the street read, "Welcome Sandy Hook Elementary!" Therewas no immediate word on when that would be.Police have warned it could take months to wrap up theinvestigation, which was set back because Lanza smashed hiscomputer's hard drive, preventing police from retrieving anydata, The New York Times reported, citing a senior lawenforcement official.A day after the first two children were buried, funeralstook place on Tuesday for James Mattioli and Jessica Rekos. Eachwas 6 years old. Funerals or remembrances were scheduled for sixvictims on Wednesday."I just feel its important to be here. I wanted to sit inthe back and pay respect. I wanted to cry," said Angela Bergen,who drove 90 minutes from Elizabeth, New Jersey, with her13-year-old son Jack to attend the Mattioli funeral.At Newtown High School, three girls hugged each other in theparking lot before starting for the doorway. Counseling wasavailable in the gym for students and staff.Nanci Wallenta, taking her friend's son to middle school,said she was unworried about security and determined to get backto normal."It's an isolated incident," Wallenta said. "You can't gothrough life being afraid. You can't live in fear. ... We're astrong town."ASSAULT WEAPONS BAN RECONSIDEREDWhite House spokesman Jay Carney said Obama would supportU.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein's effort to craft legislation toreinstate an assault weapons ban that lapsed in 2004, and wouldalso back any law to close a loophole related to gun-show sales."People have talked about high-capacity gun ammunitionclips, for example, and that is something certainly that hewould be interested in looking at," Carney added.Obama spoke earlier in the day with Democratic Senator JoeManchin of West Virginia, a gun rights advocate who said hewould now be open to more regulation of military-style rifles.Some Republicans have shown signs they too are willing todiscuss gun control after Newtown."You are going to have some people (Republicans) who never,never go there," said Representative Steve LaTourette, an OhioRepublican. "But yes, I think most Republicans are willing tohave a very, very serious conversation about what this means andtaking a second look at what the Second Amendment means in the21st century."That amendment to the U.S. Constitution guarantees the rightof Americans to bear arms.In another sign of a possible shift on the issue, Michigan'sRepublican Governor Rick Snyder vetoed a bill that would haveallowed some gun owners to bring concealed weapons intoschools.The U.S. Conference of Mayors sent an open letter to Obamaurging him to act alone by exercising his executive power inaddition to working with Congress.U.S. private equity firm Cerberus Capital Managementannounced on Tuesday it was selling its investment in gunmakerFreedom Group after a major investor, the California StateTeachers' Retirement System, said it was reviewing itsinvestment with Cerberus.CalSTRS, the second largest pension fund in the UnitedStates, had invested $751.4 million with Cerberus by the end ofMarch 2012, according to its website. Cerberus bought firearmsmaker Bushmaster in 2006 and later merged it with other guncompanies to create Freedom Group.New York City joined the list of investors distancingthemselves from the gun industry, with a spokesman saying thecity's pension funds may sell nearly $18 million worth of stockin four companies that make guns and ammunition.While Dick's pulled some guns from its shelves, Wal-MartStores Inc took down an informational website aboutsemi-automatic Bushmaster rifles. Cabela's Inc continuedto advertise AR-15-type Bushmaster rifles on its website, thoughit said the weapons were not available for sale online or at itsConnecticut store. Thomson Reuters 2011. All rights reserved. Users may download and print extracts of content from this website for their own personal and non-commercial use only. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters and its logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Thomson Reuters group of companies around the world.Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.