Reuters.com PrintThis copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.UPDATE 20-Twenty schoolchildren, 8 others dead in Connecticut massacreSat, Dec 15 2012* Obama says "our hearts are broken"* Seven adults at school dead, including gunman* One dead at related crime scene nearbyBy Hilary Russ and Dave GregorioNEWTOWN, Conn., Dec 14 (Reuters) - Twenty schoolchildrenwere slaughtered by a heavily armed gunman who opened fire at asuburban elementary school in Connecticut on Friday, ultimatelykilling at least 27 people including himself in the one of theworst mass shootings in U.S. history.The 20-year-old gunman, identified by law enforcementsources as Adam Lanza, fired what witnesses described as dozensof shots in Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown,Connecticut, which serves children from ages 5 to 10. Lanzaattended the school himself as a youngster.Authorities found 18 children and seven adults, includingthe gunman, dead at the school, and two children were pronounceddead later after being taken to a hospital.Another adult was found dead at a related crime scene inNewtown, bringing the toll to 28, state police Lieutenant PaulVance said. Police would not confirm or deny media reports thatthe person was Lanza's mother, Nancy.As reports of the shooting spread, panicked parents rushedto the school searching for their children as students coveredin blood were being carried out of the building.President Barack Obama, wiping away tears and pausing tocollect his emotions in an address to the nation, mourned the"beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old"who were killed."Our hearts are broken today, for the parents, andgrandparents, sisters and brothers of these little children andfor the families of the adults who were lost," Obama said, hisvoice cracking.Hundreds of Newtown residents gathered to mourn on Fridaynight at St. Rose of Lima, the Catholic church just a couple ofmiles (km) from the school."(The) important thing is that we're here for the families,and it won't be just tonight. It will be as long as is necessaryfor them to grieve, for them to come out of their grievance andcome back to normal, although I don't see how you can actuallycome back to normal after something like this," said KennethAdams, 81, as he entered the church with his wife, Amelia.Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy and Richard Blumenthal, aU.S. senator from the state, spoke at the service, although thecrowd appeared most moved by Monsignor Robert Weiss, who hadspent the day at a firehouse consoling victims' families."Life has changed forever in Newtown," Weiss said. "We have20 new saints today. We have 20 beautiful angels."The holiday season tragedy was the second shooting rampagein the United States this week and the latest in a series ofmass killings this year, and was certain to revive a debateabout U.S. gun laws.SHY, INTELLIGENTTwo former classmates recalled Lanza as a shy and unusuallyintelligent student.In Newtown High School, he dressed more formally than otherstudents, often wearing khaki pants, button-down shirts and attimes, a pocket protector, said Tim Arnone who first met Lanzaat Sandy Hook Elementary.The two of them joined the high school's audio-visual club,also known as a tech club, and spent free periods playing videogames at the school's television station studio."It was definitely the nerdiest club in the school, Arnone,20, told Reuters.He said Lanza was "driven hard" to succeed academically byhis parents, particularly his mother. "She pushed him reallyhard to be smarter and work harder in school," Arnone said.State police refused to confirm any details about theLanzas, saying they hoped to have more information on Saturday.The New York Times reported Lanza used a Sig Sauer and aGlock, both handguns, and said police also found at the scene aBushmaster .223 M4 carbine, a rifle, that they believe belongedto him.His brother, Ryan Lanza, was "either in custody or beingquestioned," a law enforcement source said.DOZENS OF SHOTSThe chaos struck as children gathered in their classroomsfor morning sessions at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, awealthy, wooded suburb of 27,000 in Fairfield County, about 80miles (130 km) northeast of New York City.A state police spokesman said the shootings took place intwo rooms, w hich the Hartford Courant described as first-gradeclassrooms. Witnesses reported hearing dozens of shots; somesaid as many as 100 rounds.Melissa Murphy, who lives near the school, monitored eventson a police scanner."I kept hearing them call for the mass casualty kit andscream, 'Send everybody! Send everybody!'" she said. "It doesn'tseem like it can be really happening. I feel like I'm in shock."A girl described to NBC Connecticut hearing seven loud"booms" while she was in gym class. Other children began cryingand teachers moved the students to an office, she said."A police officer came in and told us to run outside and sowe did," the unidentified girl said on camera.Images from the scene showed children being led away insingle file, each child's hands clutching the shoulders of theone in front. Police wearing body armor and carrying riflesswarmed the scene and locked down the school.NBC News reported that police finally began removing thechildren's bodies from the school late on Friday, more than 12hours after the shootings, and that parents were being called into identify them.'MEANINGFUL ACTION'Obama ordered flags flown at half-staff at U.S. publicbuildings."As a country, we have been through this too many times,"Obama said, ticking off a list of recent shootings."We're going to have to come together and take meaningfulaction to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of thepolitics," Obama said in apparent reference to the influence ofthe National Rifle Association over members of Congress.Obama remains committed to trying to renew a ban on assaultweapons, White House spokesman Jay Carney said.New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, founder of the advocacygroup Mayors Against Illegal Guns, said it was "almostimpossible to believe that a mass shooting in a kindergartenclass could happen."We need immediate action. We have heard all the rhetoricbefore. What we have not seen is leadership - not from the WhiteHouse and not from Congress," he said. "That must end today."Outside the White House gates, about 200 people rallied on acold evening in favor of gun restrictions.The toll in Newtown exceeded that of one of the mostnotorious U.S. school shootings, the 1999 rampage at ColumbineHigh School in Littleton, Colorado, where two teenagers killed13 students and staff before killing themselves.The United States has seen a number of shooting rampagesthis year, most recently in Oregon, where a gunman killed twopeople and then himself at a shopping mall on Tuesday. Thedeadliest came in July at a midnight screening of a Batman filmin Colorado that killed 12 people and wounded 58.In 2007, 32 people were killed at Virginia Tech universityin the deadliest act of criminal gun violence in U.S. history. Thomson Reuters 2011. All rights reserved. Users may download and print extracts of content from this website for their own personal and non-commercial use only. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters and its logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Thomson Reuters group of companies around the world.Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.