Reuters.com PrintThis copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.UPDATE 12-Children in Connecticut rampage, all 6 and 7, shot repeatedlySat, Dec 15 2012* Connecticut shooting death toll of 28 includes 20 children* Obama to meet victims' families, speak at vigil in NewtownSunday* Incident is among worst mass shootings in U.S. history* Shooter's father "in a state of disbelief"* Father of one victim says daughter "could just light up aroom"By Ernest Scheyder and Rob CoxNEWTOWN, Conn., Dec 15 (Reuters) - Twelve girls and eightboys. One had celebrated her seventh birthday just four daysbefore her death. They included Charlotte and Jack, Noah andGrace.Dressed in "cute kid stuff," all 20 died when a heavilyarmed 20-year-old gunman forced his way into their school, SandyHook Elementary, and shot them and six women in an act ofviolence that has shattered their once-tranquil suburban town."They were first-graders," said Connecticut Chief MedicalExaminer Dr. H. Wayne Carver II, before releasing the names ofall the victims of the school shootings on Saturday.Asked to describe the attack, Carver, who oversaw theautopsies of all the victims and conducted many himself, calledit "the worst I have seen."The shooter, identified by law enforcement officials as AdamLanza, killed his mother Nancy on Friday, then drove to theschool where he gunned down another 26 people before taking hisown life in one of the deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history.He fired a rifle, shooting his victims multiple times.Parents identified their children through pictures, a processintended to minimize their shock, Carver said.Members of the close-knit community went into publicmourning on Saturday as the depth of the tragedy became clear." I don't know how to get through something like this," saidRobbie Parker, a 30-year-old physician's assistant whose6-year-old daughter Emilie was among the dead."My wife and I don't understand how to process this and howto get our lives going," Parker told reporters. The oldest ofhis three kids, Emilie, "could just light up a room," he said.Police did not officially identify Lanza or his mother, buthis father on Saturday issued a statement saying he too wasstruggling to understand his son's actions."No words can truly express how heartbroken we are," PeterLanza said. "We are in a state of disbelief and trying to findwhatever answers we can."While Americans have seen many mass shootings in the pastdecades, the victims have rarely been so young. On Saturday,some Democratic lawmakers called for sweeping new gun-controlmeasures, a move certain to run up against stiff opposition fromthe nation's powerful pro-gun lobby.President Barack Obama plans to travel to the affluentsuburb of 27,000 people about 80 miles (130 km) from New YorkCity on Sunday to meet with victims' families and speak at avigil at 7 p.m. local time (0000 GMT), the White House said.In a nod to the sensitivities of the situation, the Fox TVnetwork said late Saturday it would pull part of its regularlyscheduled Sunday night block of animated shows - including a newepisode of "American Dad" that featured in part a demon thatpunishes misbehaving children.MISSING FROM THE NATIVITYOn Saturday night, the pews at Newtown's St. Rose of LimaCatholic Church were packed with parishioners attending aservice that preceded an outdoor Nativity concert.There was a live cow, a donkey and a camel. But at least oneperson was missing - 6-year-old Olivia Engel."She was supposed to be an angel in the play," said ReverendRobert Weiss. "Now she's an angel up in heaven."Town fire officials set up 26 Christmas trees, decoratedwith stuffed animals, near the school as a memorial to thevictims - many of whom were children who may have been hopingfor such toys as their own holiday presents.One of the victims, Josephine Gay, had celebrated herseventh birthday on Tuesday.Rabbi Shaul Praver said he had spent time with VeronikaPozner, whose 6-year-old son Noah was among the victims."We encouraged her to focus on her other four children thatneed her and not to try to plan out the rest of her life,"Praver said.The adult victims, some of whom died defending the students,ranged in age from 27 to 56. Carver, the medical examiner, saidall the bodies had examined had been shot with a rifle. He saidhe and his staff had not yet examined the shooter or his mother.School officials said late Saturday they would keep alldistrict schools closed Monday so staff could prepare for aTuesday reopening. The one exception was Sandy Hook itself."We are very close to finalizing a plan that will allowSandy Hook students to resume classes," school superintendentJanet Robinson said in a letter to the community. "We willcommunicate those details as soon as we can."MOTIVES EMERGINGPolice earlier said they had assembled "some very goodevidence" on the killer's motives."Our investigators at the crime scene ... did produce somevery good evidence in this investigation that our investigatorswill be able to use in, hopefully, painting the complete pictureas to how - and more importantly why - this occurred,"Connecticut State Police Lieutenant Paul Vance told reporters.Lanza had struggled to fit in his suburban community and hismother Nancy pulled him out of school for several years tohome-school him, said Louise Tambascio, the owner of My PlaceRestaurant, where his mother was a long-time patron.Nancy Lanza legally owned a Sig Sauer and a Glock, bothhandguns commonly used by police, and a military-styleBushmaster .223 M4 carbine, according to law enforcementofficials, who also said they believed Adam Lanza used at leastsome of those weapons.But the details of why Lanza acted will be of little comfortto parents who will have to bury children at what should be oneof the most festive times of the year."I looked underneath my Christmas tree and there's presentsfor my kids. How many others aren't able to give their kidspresents? These people are going to be affected. Every timeChristmas comes," said Benjamin Torres, 44, the owner of aroofing company in nearby Danbury who stopped in a local dinerfor breakfast Saturday.The death toll exceeded that of one of the most notoriousU.S. school shootings, the 1999 rampage at Columbine High Schoolin Littleton, Colorado, where two teenagers killed 13 studentsand staff before fatally shooting themselves.At Virginia Tech, a Blacksburg, Virginia university where in2007 a gunman killed 32 people in the deadliest school shootingin U.S. history, an announcer extended sympathies to theresidents of Newtown before a basketball game."This campus ... shares a deep sense of grief," theannouncer said. "We open our hearts to that community." Thomson Reuters 2011. All rights reserved. Users may download and print extracts of content from this website for their own personal and non-commercial use only. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters and its logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Thomson Reuters group of companies around the world.Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.