Live blog: Kids slain at Connecticut school were 6, 7  This Just In - CNN.com BlogsEDITION: U.S.INTERNATIONALMXICOARABICTV: CNNCNNiCNN en EspaolHLNHomeTV & VideoCNN TrendsU.S.WorldPoliticsJusticeEntertainmentTechHealthLivingTravelOpinioniReportMoneySports@cnnbrkFollowers: 9,659,206CT state police: 18 Newtown victims were female; 8 were male. on.cnn.com/U0LfdC4:18 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEET @cnnbrkFollowers: 9,659,206Ages of Newtown victims ranged from 6 to 56, according to CT state police. on.cnn.com/U0LfdC4:18 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEET @cnnbrkFollowers: 9,659,206Chief medical examiner: All Newtown shooting victims "hit more than once." on.cnn.com/U0LfdC3:58 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEET @cnnbrkFollowers: 9,659,206Law enforcement source: Newtown gunman had altercation at school Thursday with 4 adults, 3 of whom were killed Friday. on.cnn.com/U0LfdC3:18 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEET @cnnbrkFollowers: 9,659,206Investigators believe Newtown gunman tried but failed to buy a gun Tuesday, law enforcement source says. on.cnn.com/U0LfdC3:15 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEET @cnnbrkFollowers: 9,659,206Hillary Clinton not expected at #Benghazi hearing after suffering concussion. on.cnn.com/UZP9Eq2:11 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEET CNN POLITICS ON FACEBOOK  |CNN POLITICS ON TWITTER Singer Jenni Rivera's remains identifiedHow Newtown tragedy unfoldedNATO: Syrian government near 'collapse'Prank call nurse found hanging by co-workersStars rock out for Sandy reliefDecember 15th, 201204:50 PM ETShare this on:FacebookTwitterDiggdel.icio.usredditMySpaceStumbleUponLive blog: Kids slain at Connecticut school were 6, 7 20 children, six adults and the shooter are dead after shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, on Friday morningOfficials say they will release the victims' names SaturdayThree law enforcement officials say Adam Lanza, 20, was the shooter, and that he died apparently by his own handLaw enforcement officials say Lanza killed his mother, Nancy, at her Newtown home before going to the schoolComplete coverage: Connecticut school shooting[Updated at 4:39 p.m. ET] All of the slain children were either 6 or 7 years old, according to information released by state police. There were 12 girl victims; eight boys. All of the adults killed were women.[Updated at 4:13 p.m. ET] The victims at the school ranged in age from 6 to 56, according to information released by state police. Eighteen of the victims at the school were described as female; eight were male. Twenty-six people died at the school, excluding the gunman. Twenty were children; six were adults.[Updated at 4:11 p.m. ET] More on what the state's chief medical examiner told reporters minutes ago in Newtown: He said the "rifle" was used in the shooting, and that the rifle caused all of the wounds that he knew of.He didn't say what that rifle was, but a law enforcement source has previously said that the gunman was found dead with next to three guns: a semi-automatic .223-caliber Bushmaster rifle and two pistols made by Glock and Sig Sauer.The medical examiner, H. Wayne Carver II, said he personally did postmortem examinations of seven victims' bodies.All the wounds that I know of at this point were caused by the one weapon, Carver said. [Updated at 3:58 p.m. ET] State police have released a list of those killed. More on that to come.[Updated at 3:55 p.m. ET] The state's chief medical examiner says he believes all of the victims were shot more than once.The medical examiner, H. Wayne Carver II, speaking at a news conference in Newtown, said that all of the victims died of gunshot wounds, and the manner of death was homicide. The seven bodies he examined personally had three to 11 wounds each, he said.I believe everyone was hit more than once, Carver said.Postmortem examinations have been performed on all of the children; examinations of most of the adult bodies will be finished by this evening, Carver said.Examinations of the bodies of Adam Lanza and his mother will be performed Sunday, Carver said. Lanza died at the school; his mother was killed at her home in Newtown, authorities have said.Police said a list of the victims' names would soon be published.[Updated at 3:26 p.m. ET] Victoria Soto and Lauren Rousseau, both teachers at the school, are among the dead, according to friends and family members.Earlier, CNN reported that princial Dawn Hochsprung and school psychologist Mary Sherlach were among the killed.Although authorities have identified all of those killed, they have yet to release a formal list of names.[Updated at 3:06 p.m. ET] Investigators say they believe Adam Lanza tried to buy a gun at Dick's Sporting Goods in Danbury on Tuesday, but was unsuccessful, a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN's Susan Candiotti.Employees at the store  some 12 miles from Sandy Hook Elementary  have been interviewed and have searched the store's surveillance cameras for evidence that Lanza had been there.Also, a second law enforcement source has said that Lanza was involved in some kind of trouble at the school earlier this week. The source said the altercation was between Lanza and four adults, and occurred Thursday, the day before the shooting.Three of those adults, the source added, were killed during Friday's shooting.The source was unable to say whether the disagreement took place inside or outside the school, but said that it apparently had something to do with him trying to enter the school.Earlier, a law enforcement official told CNN's Carol Cratty that Lanza had some sort of altercation with people at the school a few days before the shooting (see 1:12 p.m. entry).[Updated at 1:36 p.m. ET] Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy is expected to make a live, televised statement about the shooting, addressed to Connecticut residents, at 5 p.m.[Updated at 1:12 p.m. ET] Investigators have been told that Adam Lanza had some sort of altercation with some people at the school a few days before the shooting, a law enforcement official told CNN's Carol Cratty. The official did not know the nature of the altercation or who was involved in it with Lanza.[Updated at 11:59 a.m. ET] Adam Lanza tried to buy a gun in the area Tuesday before the shooting, a law enforcement source said, according to CNN's Susan Candiotti.The Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said it is contacting shooting ranges and gun stores in the area to try to establish whether Lanza sought to purchase guns or practice using them.[Updated at 11:50 a.m. ET] The gunman had access to more guns than the three found at the elementary school, a law enforcement source told CNN's Susan Candiotti.Police recovered three additional guns elsewhere. They are a .45-caliber Henry repeating rifle, a .22-caliber Marlin rifle, and a .30-caliber Enfield rifle, the source said.[Updated at 10:28 a.m. ET] The victims have been positively identified by the chief state medical examiner, state police spokesman Lt. J. Paul Vance said in a press conference Saturday morning. The medical examiner is expected to release their names and birth dates in the next few hours.It appears that the assailant "forced his way into the school," Vance said. Detectives continue to investigate the crime scene and will remain there for at least another day or two, Vance said. So far, investigators looking for a motive have found "some very good evidence," that will help them paint a complete picture of how and why this happened, he said.Click to watch videoThe home of a woman believed to be the gunman's mother is also being investigated. After killing his mother, investigators believe the gunman took her guns and made his way to the elementary school.Help for victims of Sandy Hook shooting[Updated at 10:13 a.m. ET] The victims' bodies have been transported to the Office of the Chief State's Medical Examiner, where a post mortem examination will be conducted to determine manner and cause of death, the Connecticut State Police said in press release.[Updated at 10 a.m. ET] Friday's shooting has sparked passionate nation conversation on a variety of issues, from school safety and gun control to mental health treatment. In a heated discussion, CNN's Piers Morgan and guests debate the need for stricter gun control laws in America.Click to watch videoUpdated at 8:45 a.m. ET] The suspect in the shooting may have had access to at least five guns, a law enforcement official with direct knowledge of the investigation said Saturday.Three weapons were recovered from the school on Friday: a semi-automatic .223 caliber rifle made by Bushmaster found in a car in the school parking lot, and two pistols made by Glock and a Sig Sauer found with suspected gunman Adam Lanza's body, a law enforcement source said previously.[Updated at 8:26 a.m. ET]  Pope Benedict XVI expressed "his heartfelt grief and the assurance of his closeness in prayer to the victims and their families and all to affected" by the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, in a letter to the Diocese of Bridgeport Administrator Monsignor Jerald A. Doyle.[Updated at 4:50 a.m. ET] Father William Hamilton, a volunteer chaplain for 30 years with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives in New England said the Connecticut school shootings is the worse thing he's seen in his years counseling responders and victims families. Its beyond the scope of imagination. Parents are not supposed to have to bury their children," Hamilton told CNN. "This is the Christmas season. This season will never ever be the same for these families. It will over time perhaps get better, but it will always be a part of their history.[Updated at 1:30 a.m. ET] A family member of suspected shooter Adam Lanza told investigators that he had a form of autism, according to a law enforcement official, who spoke under condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the investigation.[Updated at 12:30 a.m. ET] Despite earlier reports that said she was a teacher, Nancy Lanza, the suspect's mother, was not a teacher at the school where the killings took place, said Janet Vollmer, a kindergarten teacher at Sandy Hook Elementary School. Not much is known about the suspect's mother or the suspect Adam Lanza. In September 2009 - when Adam Lanza was 17 - his mother and father divorced, court documents show. What happened after that for him, what caused the shootings that has shocked the nation, isn't clear.[Updated at 11:18 p.m. ET] Aimee Seaver, the mother of a first-grade girl at Sandy Hook and a fifth-grader who attends a different school, told CNN's Anderson Cooper that her children are having trouble dealing with what happened."It's a very rough night here," she said. "When your first-grader goes to bed and says, 'Mommy, is anyone from my class last year  are they all OK?' and you look at them and say, 'I'm not really sure,' it's a rough night to tell that to your 7-year-old."Her younger daughter has asked a lot of questions about Principal Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung, who was killed.She got wind very quickly that something was wrong with our principal, which we didnt tell her till just now that yes, she was definitely hurt and it wasnt good," Seaver said. "Its taking her a while. I think tomorrow will probably be harder for her.I also have a fifth-grader who came off the bus crying because she  had a sister who she was worried about, and  just basically left that school a few months ago. I think for a lot of those kids, they kind of are a little older and can get it a little bit faster, even though they werent in it.So the questions, I think, are coming. Theyre not here, yet, especially for the littler ones. It started as I put them to bed tonight, the questions.[Updated at 10:50 p.m. ET] Janet Vollmer, a kindergarten teacher at the school, says she locked her classroom doors and  to keep her students calm  read them a story until the police came.Vollmer, her 19 students and the adult helpers in her classroom were not injured.Click to watch video"You could hear what sounded like pops, gunshots. Of course, Im not going to tell that to 5-year-olds, so I said to them, Were going over in a safe area,'" Vollmer told CNN's Anderson Cooper. "And we read a story and we kept them calm, did a lockdown drill, closed the doors, locked (them), covered the windows, and kept the children with us.She said the children knew something unusual was going on.It didnt seem a natural thing (to the children), although we do practice drills," Vollmer said. "We said, Were not really sure, but were going to be safe, because were sitting over here and were all together.FULL STORY Post by: CNN's Emanuella Grinberg, CNN's Jason Hanna, CNN's Melissa Gray, The CNN Wire Filed under: CrimeLatest newsU.S.We recommendFrom around the websoundoff (638 Responses)KILGORE TROUTThe Hanon Funeral Home will have a great week !! Ca Ching Ca Ching $$$$$$ !!December 15, 2012 at 4:52 pm | Report abuse | Reply MichaelI am appalled that the media have singled out Autism has a potential cause for the gunman's actions.  This sort of behavior is not representative of Autistic children!  I have a 4 year old son who has been diagnosed with Autism.  He is the sweetest boy and loves everyone.  Now, I have to worry about people judging my son based on his Autism diagnosis just because the idiots in the media have made such a big deal about Autism!  Autism has nothing to do with the gunman's behavior.  Please, if you read this post, I would appreciate your support!December 15, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Report abuse | Reply Name*tommyIm from the Newtown area and this is so sad,, but to all the volchers in the press, go away and sell your commercial space another way....i saw some of the reporters that are nasty and feel they are better than othersDecember 15, 2012 at 4:54 pm | Report abuse | Reply JessicaMy opinion take it or leave it.   I know the media has a job to do but I think they are very rude for trying to ask the parents and Children questions yesterday!  The parents where just trying to get their kids home and the media was taking pics and asking questions like "what did your child see?"  and "how is your child doing?"  Please respect everyone and let them have time to process what happened without havng a camera in their face and being asked questions.   God bless all the victims!   My heart goes out to all of themDecember 15, 2012 at 4:55 pm | Report abuse | Reply Love My JohnsonWhen are we going to allow kids to carry their own guns to school ?December 15, 2012 at 4:55 pm | Report abuse | Reply NatalieAn eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind BillDecember 15, 2012 at 9:16 am | Report abuse | Reply 111Dave111No, drones kill terrorists and their enablers without collateral damage.   Don't compare themDecember 15, 2012 at 9:28 am | Report abuse | Reply The RealistWhy, exactly are we in Afghanistan in the first place? We're not the worlds policeman, and "American Interests" doesn't mean we can rule the world either.December 15, 2012 at 10:26 am | Report abuse | Reply CindyGood point, agreed!December 15, 2012 at 10:50 am | Report abuse | Reply 111Dave111Please leave the analysis to those with knowledge and experience.You can only cause harm.December 15, 2012 at 9:26 am | Report abuse | Reply MaddieDWhat would prompt someone to post such a horrible statement? What is wrong with you?December 15, 2012 at 9:32 am | Report abuse | Reply Max JohnsonMost people who commit these violent crimes are out-of-work. Should we start fearing all the unemployed now?December 15, 2012 at 9:58 am | Report abuse | Reply EdDCNN usually uses poor judgement. It's their thing.December 15, 2012 at 10:04 am | Report abuse | Reply zz12I agree completely!December 15, 2012 at 10:07 am | Report abuse | Reply ted7117It is ABSOLUTELY the right time and place for a debate about gun control!  Actually, no I'm wrong  that time has long since passed.  As a father of two young children, this f'd up event scares the living daylights out of me and I want to explore EVERY single possible way that we can avoid it ever happening again.  Is gun control the answer?  I personally think so, but it may not be.  However, it is part of the equation and you should be absolutely ashamed of yourself for not putting aside your own stubborn viewpoint and having an actual discussion and debate about ways to solve these tragedies.  As I see it, what we have now isn't working...December 15, 2012 at 10:13 am | Report abuse | Reply  Previous123456789101112131415161718Post a commentClick here to cancel reply.Name: (required)E-mail: (required, but will not be displayed)CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service. Back to main previous postAbout This BlogSubscribeThis Just In is CNN's news blog. We'll bring you the latest news from CNNs correspondents and sources around the world. Well cover stories that are breaking, causing ripples, or otherwise driving the collective daily conversation, along with some items we find interesting and worth sharing.Follow Twitter.On Twitter CNN.com/IMPACT for ways to help those affected by the Sandy Hookcarolcnn3:37 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEET@CarolCNN school shooter involved in earlier confrontation at school #CNNcarolcnn3:23 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEETIf you were hoping to buying one of Jaguar's hybrid supercars, we have bad news: They won't be building it after all cnnmon.ie/Xo0ITqCNNMoney3:01 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEETDispatcher: I've got bodies here dlvr.it/2f2pCmcnni2:28 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEETHillary Clinton faints, has concussion dlvr.it/2f2Wwlcnni1:56 pm ET December 15, 2012RETWEETTop PostsChildren and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacreLive blog: Kids slain at Connecticut school were 6, 7Connecticut school massacre: A living hell Court: Prank call nurse found hanging by co-workers Jenni Rivera's remains found, turned over to familyMan sentenced to death for holding women in sex dungeonWoman's brilliant response to neighbor's elaborate Christmas display: 'Ditto'2 deaths reported as Cyclone Evan rips through Samoan islandsSyrian government 'approaching collapse,' NATO secretary-general saysThis is 'This Just In' Recent Comments Love My Johnson on Live blog: Kids slain at Connecticut school were 6, 7Jessica on Live blog: Kids slain at Connecticut school were 6, 7jason smoothly on Live blog: Kids slain at Connecticut school were 6, 7Name*tommy on Live blog: Kids slain at Connecticut school were 6, 7Michael on Live blog: Kids slain at Connecticut school were 6, 7Top Topics Latest newsWorldU.S.CrimePoliticsArchivesDecember 2012MTWTFSS Nov12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Weather forecastHome | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | SportsTools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts  | CNN shop | Site mapCNN en ESPAOL | CNN Mxico | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion |  |  |  | CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertising practices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | HelpPowered by WordPress.com VIP