Terms of UseCNN's podcasting service (the "Podcast Service") consists of news and information files (the "Podcast Content") that may be downloaded to your computer and/or transferred to your portable MP3 player.  These Terms of Use govern your use of the Podcast Service. The use of the Podcast Service also is subject to the terms and conditions of the CNN Interactive Service Agreement, which governs the use of CNN's websites, information services and content. These Terms of Use and the CNN Interactive Service Agreement may be changed by CNN at any time without notice.Use of the Podcast Service:The Podcast Service is a free service offered by CNN to individuals for private, non-commercial use. Any other uses, including without limitation the incorporation of advertising into or the placement of advertising associated with or targeted towards the Podcast Content, are strictly prohibited. You must use the Podcast Content as provided by CNN, and you may not edit or modify the Podcast Content or links supplied by CNN.  You may not redistribute the Podcast Content.  Any use, display or performance of the Podcast Content must not suggest that CNN promotes or endorses any third party causes, ideas, websites, products or services.  To request permission for a particular use not permitted by these Terms of Use, please send your request to licensing.agent@turner.com. Link to Content Pages:The Podcast Service may be used only with those platforms from which a functional link is made available that, when accessed, takes the viewer directly to the podcast feed on the CNN Site. You may not display the Podcast Content in a manner that does not permit successful linking to, redirection to or delivery of the applicable CNN Site web page. You may not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the Podcast link and the applicable CNN Site web page.Ownership/Attribution:CNN's Podcast Service and the Podcast Content are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.  CNN retains all ownership and other rights in the Podcast Content, and any and all CNN logos and trademarks used in connection with the Podcast Service. You must provide attribution to the appropriate CNN website in connection with your use of the Podcast Service. If you provide this attribution using a graphic, you must use the appropriate CNN website's logo that we have incorporated into the Podcast Content.Suggestions/Feedback:You agree that any suggestions, comments or other feedback ("Feedback") you offer to CNN with respect to the Podcast Service is and will be given entirely voluntarily.  CNN shall be free to use, disclose, reproduce, license or otherwise distribute and exploit Feedback provided to it as it sees fit.Right to Discontinue Podcast Service:CNN reserves the right to discontinue providing any or all of the Podcast Service at any time and to require you to cease displaying, distributing or otherwise using any or all of the Podcast Content for any reason including, without limitation, your violation of any provision of these Terms of Use and/or the CNN Interactive Service Agreement. CNN assumes no liability for any of your activities in connection with the Podcast Content and/or the Podcast Service or for your use of the Podcast Content and/or the Podcast Service in connection with your website, computer or MP3 player.MPEG Layer-3 audio coding technology licensed from Fraunhofer IIS and Thomson.