Google News Blogskip to main  |      skip to sidebarA better Google News experience on tablets Tuesday, December 11, 201210:36 AMPosted by Mayuresh Saoji, Product Manager, Google NewsTheres something special about reading news on your tablet. Indeed, swiping through articles brings to mind the familiar feeling of flipping through a favorite magazine or newspaper. Starting today, Google News feels even more natural and fluid on tablet devices. For example:You can find new articles, news sources, and even topics of interest with intuitive gestures. Swipe horizontally between sections  from Business to Entertainment, for example  or tap Explore in depth to see multiple articles and other info related to a particular story. Weve also added more breathing room between articles, making it easier to spot the stories you really care about.We think these improvements will help Google News send even more visits to news sites (six billion per month and counting). Well be rolling out this new experience in the US over the next few days. To give it a try, just visit news.google.comwith your Nexus 7, Nexus 10, or iPad.PermalinkLinks to this postImproving news search with expandable resultsMonday, October 22, 20123:29 PMPosted by Rudy Galfi, Product ManagerLast year we updated Google News to make it easier for you to scan for stories that are interesting to you and let you dig deeper when you find them. Today were announcing an update that brings some of those same ideas to news search.Over the next few days well be rolling out the following features:Click-to-expand news results clusters: Each news results cluster is collapsed down to one result with the exception of the first cluster. Click on the Show more link to see articles from more sources. This improvement makes it much easier to scan through the search results to find just the collection of news coverage youre looking for.Multimedia: Within some of the expanded results clusters youll see a bar of videos and photos that relate to each clusters content. Click on any of these for more coverage of the story.Layout updates: The cluster image now appears on the left and the source information has been moved to below the article links for better readability.You can try this out by doing a search on Google News or by clicking on the News filter on the web search results page. We hope you like these changes and that they improve your experience searching the news.PermalinkLinks to this postGoogle News turns 10Saturday, September 22, 201211:21 AMPosted by Krishna Bharat, Distinguished Scientist and Founder, Google NewsGoogle News launched on September 22, 2002exactly a decade ago.Inspired by the widespread interest in news after the September 11 attacks, we invested in technology to help people search and browse news relevant to them. Google News broke new ground in news aggregation by gathering links in real time, grouping articles by story and ranking stories based on the editorial opinions of publishers worldwide. Linking to a diverse set of sources for any given story enabled readers to easily access different perspectives and genres of content. By featuring opposing viewpoints in the same display block, people were encouraged to hear arguments on both sides of an issue and gain a more balanced perspective.In the last ten years, Google News has grown to 72 editions in 30 languages, and now draws from more than 50,000 news sources. The technology also powers Googles news search. Together, they connect 1 billion unique users a week to news content. Google News todayAs we have scaled the service internationally, we have added new features (Local News, Personalization, Editors Picks, Spotlight, Authorship, Social Discussions), evolved our design, embraced mobile and run ancillary experiments (Fast Flip, Living Stories, Timeline). In parallel, we have monitored our quality and challenged our engineers to improve the technology under the hoodincrease freshness, group news better, rank stories more accurately, personalize with more insight and streamline the infrastructure.Take a look back at the past decade in Google News through the top stories from each year and a few notable features that have launched in the interim:Its undeniable that the online news landscape has changed immensely. Smartphones and social networks have transformed how news is accessed and sourced, and shifted the relationship between readers and authors. Open journalism is the norm, and aggregation by humans and machines is an integral part of the ecosystem. New technologies such as Hangouts on Air have the potential to connect users, journalists and opinion makers and transform how stories are discussed.Opportunities abound, and we are excited for where we can take this product in the next decade. While change is inevitable, one thing remains the same: our mission is to bring you the news you want, when you need it, from a diverse set of sources.(Cross-posted on the Official Google blog)PermalinkLinks to this postA newly hatched way to tag your news articlesWednesday, September 19, 201211:10 AMPosted by Rudy Galfi, Product Manager, Google NewsThe day after the historic 1929 stock market crash, Variety bannered their front page with these words: WALL ST. LAYS AN EGG. Its a great headline: pithy, catchy, and expressive of the substance of the story as well as the scale of its consequences. Its also worth noting that Varietys editors had a full day to write the headlinemillions of readers werent trying to search for the story within seconds of hearing about it.The Web has transformed both how news organizations report information and the way users find it. Imagine if WALL ST. LAYS AN EGG were used as a headline today by an online news site. Since the headline is a sequence of text thats only readily understandable by a human, most machine algorithms would probably attach some sort of biological association to it. In turn, this would make it difficult for millions of curious users who are using Google.com or Google News to find the best article about the stock market crash they just heard about. To help solve this problem, today were excited to announce a news_keywords metatag. The goal is simple: empower news writers to express their stories freely while helping Google News to properly understand and classify that content so that its discoverable by our wide audience of users. Similar in spirit to the plain keywords metatag, the news_keywords metatag lets publishers specify a collection of terms that apply to a news article. These words dont need to appear anywhere within the headline or body text. Taking the Variety example above, news keywords such as stocks, stock market, or crash would be helpful in allowing Google News to better understand the article content for ranking without forcing the editors to water down the creativity of a great headline. Because the metatag appears only as part of the HTML code of a page, visitors to a site wont ever see the magic under the hood.Keep in mind that this metatag will be one signal among many that our algorithms use to determine ranking. The news_keywords metatag is intended as a tool -- but high-quality reporting and interesting news content remain the strongest ways to put your newsrooms work in front of Google News users.You can learn more about getting news_keywords set up by reading our Help Center article.PermalinkLinks to this postUpdates to Google News US Edition: Larger Images, Realtime Coverage and DiscussionsThursday, May 3, 20129:44 AMPosted by Scott Zuccarino, Product Manager, Google NewsWhen a story breaks, Google News is designed to give you the most relevant articles from a variety of sources --- from national news outlets, to local points of view, to expert opinion pieces. To continue to expand your views on the news, we are adding three new features for those using our US edition: larger images on our main page; a new realtime coverage page to surface the latest articles and commentary; and relevant Google+ posts for a new social perspective.Get coverage in real timeOur new realtime coverage page is now available for every news story as soon as they become available to Google News.See relevant comments on top storiesMany news stories inspire vibrant discussions on Google+, and today we're starting to add this content to both the News homepage, and the realtime coverage pages. This way you can see what your circles, journalists covering the story and notables like politicians or others who are the subjects of stories have to say about breaking news, and even contribute to the discussion directly from Google News.Note that these Google+ discussions will only appear for those of you reading the US edition who have signed in and upgraded to Google+.If you'd like to try these new Google+ features in News, it's easy to upgrade here. That said, if you prefer your Google News to contain just news stories and no Google+ posts, you can either log out of Google or turn off the display of Google+ posts via the Google News settings page. We're rolling out all of these features over the next week, so don't worry if you don't see them immediately. Today's updates are the latest examples of how we're working to provide users with a beautiful, consistent experience across Google. So we hope you enjoy them.Update 9/24/2012:Larger images and real time coverage will begin rolling out to all editions. In addition, Google+ posts relevant to individual stories will be available in Australia, Canada, Germany, India, Ireland, South Africa, and the United Kingdom.PermalinkLinks to this postA new way to access quality content onlineThursday, March 29, 201210:21 AMPosted by Paul McDonald, Product ManagerWhether were getting the latest election news, making sense of the days stock market activity or looking for an update on our favorite celebrities, we rely on publishers to inform and entertain us. Online publishers often fund the creation of this content through ads; sometimes they ask you to pay for content directly, by buying a subscription or purchasing a particular article.Now, you may see a new option: the ability to access some of this content by responding to microsurveys, without having to pull out your wallet or sign in. When a site has implemented this option, youll see a prompt that offers you a choice between answering a market research question or completing another action specified by the publisher (such as signing up for an account or purchasing access). All responses are completely anonymous -- they arent tied to your identity or later used to target ads. The prompts look like this:Publishers get paid for hosting surveys. A number of publishers, such as the The Texas Tribune, the Star Tribune and Adweek have already started running these microsurveys on their sites.  So whats the point of these questions? From international brands to local food trucks, every business owner wants to make important decisions with their customers feedback in mind. Thats why weve created Google Consumer Surveys, a new business-facing product that makes custom market research easy. It enables companies to ask questions (the ones you'll later see on your screen) and get back quantitative results quickly, accurately and cost-effectively. Companies have already been using it to research everything from online shopping behavior (Lucky Brand Jeans) to gluten-free baking mixes (King Arthur Flour), and to assess brand awareness (Timbuk2) and inform product development (479 Popcorn). Google shares the money these companies spend with our publisher partners. The idea behind Google Consumer Surveys is to create a model that benefits everyone. You get to keep enjoying your favorite online content, publishers have an additional option for making money from that content, and businesses have a new way of finding out what their customers want. If youre a publisher interested in running microsurveys on your site, let us know. PermalinkLinks to this postSending us feedback is now much easier!Thursday, January 12, 20125:36 PMPosted by Mariko Suzuki, Google News StrategistDo you have any feedback or suggestions you would like to share with the Google News Team? We always love to hear from you, so we made submitting feedback much easier.Simply click the Send Feedback link at the bottom of Google News pages. The Google Feedback gadget will appear, and you can leave us general comments, problem reports or feature suggestions. The feedback gadget will also help you send us a screenshot if you want to draw our attention to a specific aspect of the site. Use the tool to highlight an area relevant to your feedback and black out any personal information before submitting the screenshot to us. Although we wont be able to reply to your comments individually, your feedback will help us create a better Google News experience. This tool will be launching worldwide, beginning with the U.S. Were looking forward to hearing from you!PermalinkLinks to this postAnnouncing the 2012 Google News elections sectionWednesday, January 4, 20123:07 PMPosted by Scott Zuccarino, Product ManagerWho just endorsed whom? What do the latest polls say? How much money did they raise this quarter? Keeping up with the 2012 elections in the U.S. and staying abreast of breaking developments can be quite a task in todays fast-paced news cycle.So today, were excited to continue our tradition of supporting you during elections season. Google News is launching an Elections section on its homepage which will organize and present elections coverage as it grows through the general election -- Tuesday, November 6, 2012.The Elections section will be visible by default for all US users and will be located beneath the Health section. It will bring readers the latest and most relevant news stories, using all of the ranking intelligence that users have come to expect of Google. You should also check out Googles official elections page, YouTubes collection of candidate videos, and the elections Trends Dashboard to find out more about how people are interacting with the elections online.PermalinkLinks to this postMore Powerful +1s on Google NewsTuesday, November 22, 20116:10 AMPosted by Erich Schmidt, Software EngineerOver the past few months, myriad sites across the web (including Google News) have adopted the +1 button to help start conversations. But there hasnt been an easy way for signed-in users to see what news articles your friends are enjoying -- until now.Starting today, the Spotlight section will sometimes include articles that your Gmail contacts and people in your Google+ circles have publicly +1d. You can see their profile pictures and click through to their Google+ profiles, just like on Social Search. And of course you can +1 the stories too, expressing your opinion and optionally sharing with your circles. Heres what Spotlight looks like with social annotations:We hope this change helps you find more great articles to enjoy, and gives more power to your +1s.PermalinkLinks to this postHighlighting journalists on Google NewsWednesday, November 2, 20111:36 PMPosted by Eric Weigle, Software EngineerGreat journalism takes more than facts and figures -- it takes skilled reporters to knit together compelling stories. Knowing who wrote an article can help readers understand the article's context and quality, see more articles by that person, and even interact directly with them. Whole communities can form around prominent contributors, which is why we started showing information about content creators next to their material in Google Search.Accordingly, Google News is rolling out more information about journalists over the next several weeks, starting with English-language editions. When reporters link their Google profile with their articles, Google News now shows the writers name and how many Google+ users have that person in their circles. For the lead article for each story, Google News also shows that reporters profile picture and enables readers to add them to their Google+ circles right from the Google News homepage.If you are a journalist and would like to participate, please follow the instructions in our Help Center. If you are a reader, we hope you enjoy learning more about the faces behind the news.PermalinkLinks to this postOlder PostsHomeGoogle News Site FeedArchivesArchivesDecember 2012 (1)October 2012 (1)September 2012 (2)May 2012 (1)March 2012 (1)January 2012 (2)November 2011 (2)October 2011 (3)September 2011 (2)August 2011 (3)July 2011 (2)June 2011 (1)May 2011 (4)April 2011 (3)February 2011 (1)November 2010 (2)October 2010 (2)September 2010 (1)August 2010 (1)July 2010 (1)June 2010 (3)May 2010 (1)April 2010 (3)February 2010 (2)January 2010 (2)December 2009 (5)November 2009 (5)September 2009 (4)August 2009 (4)July 2009 (2)June 2009 (2)May 2009 (3)April 2009 (3)March 2009 (4)February 2009 (3)January 2009 (2)November 2008 (2)October 2008 (3)September 2008 (7)August 2008 (5)June 2008 (2)May 2008 (5)April 2008 (3)March 2008 (3)February 2008 (4)January 2008 (1)December 2007 (4)November 2007 (4)October 2007 (3)September 2007 (3)August 2007 (5)July 2007 (3)June 2007 (2)Subscribe to receive posts via emailEmail:Visit this groupPost Categoriesannouncements(30)currently in the news(13)features(43)help for publishers(21)languages and editions(13)looking backward(7)FollowersMore Blogs from GoogleVisit our  directory for more information about Google blogs.Recent posts from more Google blogsMore From GoogleGoogle NewsNews AlertsWeb AlertsSearchMore...We Love FeedbackTo discuss this blog please visit the Google News Help ForumGoogle Blog is powered by Blogger. Start your own weblog.Copyright  2011 Google Inc. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy |       Terms of Service